1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jivne 21, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. BEDINGER, by leave, in behalf of the
minority of the Committee on Public Expenditures,
made a report in relation to the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances, made to Congress during the present ses-
sion.
Mr. STROHM inquired whether the question
would not be on adopting the resolutions contained
in the report?
TheCHAlR replied that the first question would
be on printing, and then on adopting the resolu-
tions reported.
The question being put on printing the report,
it was agreed to.
The question then being on the adoption of the
resolutions contained in the minority report—
Mr. COBB moved to amend the second resolu-
tion in such a manner as to order the same num-
ber of copies of the minority's report as of the
majority's, and that the two reports be printed to-
gether.
Mr. STROHM said he had no objection to the
adoption of the amendment, but he felt it due to
the majority of the committee to say a few words
before the question should be taken.
Through the politeness of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bedinger,] he had had an oppor-
tunity of looking'over a copy of the report of the
minority, and he must say that a part of that re-
port appeared to him to be of a very extraordinary
character; so much so, that he must embrace this
opportunity to offer a few remarks upon it. The
minority set our by saying that certain members
of the committee had-gone into an examination of
the report submitted to Congress by tire Secretary
of the Treasury, and had prepared an elaborate
statement of alleged errors m that report, without
givmg any information either to the Secretary or
to the other members of the committee, that such
an investigation would take place.
Mr. BEDINGER said, in explanation, that the
copy submitted by him to the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strohm,] was,a3 he had
state'd to him, only a rough draught of the report,,
and the charge to which the gentleman had now
alluded was not inserted in the report. The gen-
tleman would find not a word of the kind in that
document.
Mr, STROHM was happy to hear that this
cha'rge had been dropped. A misunderstanding
had existed among the members of the committee
as to the time and place of meeting. But, on be-
half of the majority of the committee, he would
say, they did not consider themselves called upon
to give any notice to the Secretary before they
went into a scrutiny of his leport to the House.
That was a public official document, and, as suclj,
fairly subject to the most careful examination. It
was a lar^e document, and contained statements
from different subordinate officers of the depart-
ment—from the Register, the Treasurer, &c.; but
the whole had been submitted to the House as the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
several portions of it were made by officers over
whom he had control, and therefore the entire
document was to be considered, and always was
treated and spoken of, as emanating from the Sec-
retary. In the report of the majority, Mr. S. had
endeavored to point out and explain some of the
errors contained m that report. The minority re-
port now submitted was occupied in the first fifteen
or twenty pages by an argument intended to show
that, if there were errors in the report submitted
to Congress, the Secretary was not chargeable with
them. He was not called upon by law to submit
these details to the House. This Mr. S. was riot
going to dispute: but these several statements came
to the House under the sanction of the Secretary;
he sent them to the House as true statements, and
the House was entirely justified in considering and
treating; them as his. If, however,,the minority
could succeed in shifting the responsibility from
the shoulders of the Secretar-y, and fixing it on his
subordinates, he supposed they would have to bear
it as they could.
The report of the majority alleged that the Sec-
retory had not, in his report, given to Congress
the information required by law, and which Con-
gress had a right to expect, but had, on the con-
trary, presented erroneous statements, calculated
to mislead the House.
Mr. S. here referred to the act of 1847, 22d sec-
tion, to show what was required of the Secretary
in relation to the treasury notes authorized by that
act, and recapitulated the points in which he main-
tained the report of the Secretary to have been
defective. To some of these charges the minority
had attempted to respond, and, in the first part of
their reply, gravely charged the' majority with
having overlooked entirely a report made by the
Secretary. Mr. S. explained, and stated that this
report, which he was charged with having over-
looked, had never been seen by him or any other
member of the House till a few days ago, viz: on
the 17th of the present month—i. e., six months
after the Secretary's leport was sent in. It had
been reported to the House, and immediately sent
to the printers; but, though it was a document of
great value, and did not contain over 500 pages,
the printers had had it in their hands for nearly six
months. How this happened, Mr. S. should not
stop to inquire.
Mr. CONGER (chairman of the Committee on
Printing) here rose to explain. This was the doc-
ument which, at the request of the Secretary, had
been repeatedly sent back to him; and the printers
had experienced the greatest difficulty in getting it
from him at all. The index to it was in the hands
of the Secretary for four or five weeks, and so
continued, though almost daily called for. The
responsibility for this delay rested with the Secre-
tary, and with him alone.
Mr. STROHM said he had supposed such to be
the fact, and he rendered his thanks to the honor-
able gentleman at the head of the Committee on
Printing for the explanation he had given. Thus
it appeared that the information which the major-
ity of the committee were charged with having
overlooked had been withheld by the Secretary
himself. What he had been doing with this docu-
ment all that while, whether he detained it to make
alterations after it had been officially reported to
the House, Mr. S. did not know, but it seemed to
him extremely probable.
How the minority of the committee had got
access to this withheld document, Mr. S., to use
a Yankee phrase, could guess.
Mr. S. here went into various quotations, first
from the report of the majority, formerly made by
himself, and then from the report of the minoiity
in reply, (both lying before him;) but, as these
related to figures, no report of particulars could,
of course, be given by a reporter so as to be intel-
ligible io the reader.
"Having'gone though a revision of the charges
of error contained in the majority's report, and
attributed by them to the Secretary, and having
defended them as well founded and fully justified
by that document, notwithstanding the explana-
tions and palliations of the minority report, Mr.
S. proceeded, m the next place, to notice that por-
tion of the minority report which retorted the
charge of error on the report of the majority. He
reminded the House that the majority had never
pretended that their report was wholly free from
mistakes; in an examination so extensive, that
was hardly to be expected; and while he admitted
that there were some errors in the report, the only
wonder was that they were so few. And he
would, by examining those charged by the minor-
ity, satisfy every candid mind that they did not
amount to much, after all.
After noticing, in detail, their several charges of
error, Mr. S. said that the majority had had no
intention, by their report, to make a personal at-
tack upon Mr. Walker; they had no wish to injuie
him; their only object had been to have the annual
fiscal report of the country rendered correct. They
had pointed out some of the errors it contained, of
which some might have been made by Mr. Young
or Mr. Graham; but as they appeared in the offi-
cial document rendered to Congress, under the
sanction and in the name of the Secretary, the
committee had treated them as his. Mr. Young
had made a supplemental report correcting some
of the statements previously made. The minority
charged the majority with having fallen into errors
in their report to the amount of $11,000; it might
be that they had, though Mr. S. did not- admit it
to be so, not having had time fully to examine.
But admitting that they had erred to the amount
of $11,000, they had detected errors in the Secre-
tary's report feo the amount of $1,400,000.
Mr. BEDINGER next obtained the floor, but
i the morning hour had expired, and the subject
therefore went over.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, that he might have an opportunity
to submit the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing contained in this bill shall be so
constiued as to expres* any opinion as to the true boundary
of any Suite or Territory theiein named.
Mr. VINTON read an amendment which he
desired to offer, as follows:
vtfti'? be it further enacted, That nothing in this net contained
shall be held or eon-trued to affect any claim or qnestion-of
boundary or jurisdiction of any State or Territory of the
United State®.
Mr.' GOGGIN explained. He said that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
was in substance the amendment which he had
offered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania,asked what
necessity there was for such an amendment, for
all questions of boundary were completely settled
and set at rest.
Mr. GOGGIN again explained. The necessity
did not arise between this country and Mexico,
but between State and State. The post routes
were arranged by States, and this was to avoid
any difficulty between Texas ar.d the new States
which may be formed out of the new territory
which we have now acquired from Mexico.
Mr. THOMPSON still insisted that the gentle-
man's answer was not a good one, and he could
not see why the amendment should be inserted.
Mr. GOGGIN said, if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had" only looked at the bill he would have
seen that the post routes were separated into ^States,
and when they came to Texas the distinction was
drawn between the State and the Territories, and it
was deemed prudent to guard against the establish-
ment of a boundary by a post route bill, which
heretofore had occasioned some trouble. It was
designed to avoid the expression of an opinion
that^Texas extended to this or that or the other
place, leaving the settlement of boundaries to those
whom it concerns.
Mr. PILLSBURY protested against the course
pursued by the gentleman from Virginia. He said
the people of that Territory who asked for these
I post routes were citizens of this country, paying
taxes to support its Government. Why then
should the question of boundary be started here in
a post route hill, especially when they were carry-
ing post routes to Bremen, Norway, and Liver-
pool ?
Mr. GOGGIN did not blame the honorable gen-
man from Texas [Mr. Pillsbuiiy] and his col-
league [Mr. Kaufman] for standing by every inch
of that territory so strenuously; but he must be
permitted to tell the gentlemen that this question
, had been raised by the peopleofTexas themselves.
1 And even the President had maintained that a por-
j tion of that territory did not belong to Texas, for
i he had treated Santa Fe as a portion of the Repub-
I lie of Mexico.
| Mr. PILLSBURY denied that the question was
' disputable. The right of Texas was well estab-
j lished, and hence it was with the utmost astonish-
j ment that he heard these objections raised.
| Mr. KAUFMAN said the gentleman from Vir-
: einia [Mr. Goggin] wps mistaken in saying that
I the President had in any manner denied the right
! of Texas to the territory east of the Rio Grande,
j If he would look at the President's special mes-
j sage of December 22, 1846, to this House, he
would ascertain his error. The President there
said that the government instituted at Santa Fe
I was only for temporary purposes, and-as in no way
: calculated to impair any of the rights of Texas,
i He would also find in one of the President s an-
1 nual messages that the President said that the
Texas annexed to the United States was with the
: boundaries a.s described by Texas herself.__ _ _
; Mr. K. said that the gentleman from Virginia
: feared that the establishment of these routes would
' confirm the tiOe to Texas. Weil, if it would be a
confirmation, that confirmation has already been
' made. The last Congress had established post-
routes in this same section of country, (on the
lower Rio Grande.) They had established routes
from Corpus Christ! to Point Isabel, and from
Point Isabel to Fort Brown, whieh was on the esst
bank of the Rio Grande, opposite to Matamoros.
