THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1848.
New Series No. 55.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said it was very iate
in the session; that this was a bill, the question
upon which he thought had been settled; that it
had at an early period of the session been referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and had been reported back with a recom-
mendation that it be rejected; that upon delibera-
tion it was rejected by the House, and he could
not believe the House would change a determina-
tion so manifestly proper. To save time, there-
fore, he moved to jay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN. Will the motion to lay on the
table supersede the motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER pro tem. Undoubtedly.
Mr. MEADE asked the consent of the House
to have a short petition—of only 12 lines—read to
the House before the vote was taken.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent.
Mr. GOGGIN demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table; which were or-
dered.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion to lay on the
table upon an appeal by several members, giving
notice, however, he should renew it.
The question recurring on the reference to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads—
Mr. GOGGIN moved the previous question;
but withdrew it on being informed that it would
cut off the motion to refer, and bring the House
to a direct vote on the bill itself.
Mr. VINTON expressed the hope that there
would be no debate.
Mr. McLANE wished to say a few words, and
he should not do this had it not been that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had given notice of his in-
tention to renew the motion to lay on the table.
He had no doubt himself but the route ought to be
changed for the direct southern route; but he had
just as little doubt, that throughout this contro-
versy between the railroad company and the Post-
master General, not only had the Postmaster
General been fully sustained by the law, but fully
sustained by all the circumstances of the case;
and, anxious as he was that the mail should be
restored to the most direct, the shortest, and, as
he believed, the cheapest route, he did not hesitate
to sustain the Postmaster General so long as the
case rested where it did, on the extreme demand
of the railroad company; and if the motion to lay
on the table was to be a test question between the
company and the Postmaster General, he should
sustain "that motion. While he and the whole
community with whom he held intercourse pre-
ferred the direct route, he thought he might say
that they believed in the present controversy that
the Post Office Department was right, and the rail-
road company wrong.
Pending this question—
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expen-
ses of the Government, &c., for the year ending
June 30, 1849.
Mr. SAWYER spoke through his hour, in the
course of which he introduced some general topics;
but he spoke more particularly of the introduction
of emancipated negroes into the state of Ohio and
the injury done to the negro race by the aboli-
tionists.
Mr. CRISFIELD followed in an argument by
which he maintained that this Government had no
authority to prohibit the introduction of slavery
into the newly-acquired territories, that being a
question for the territories to settle when they
became States.
Mr. SLINGERLAND also addressed the com-
mittee in a speech on the subject of the river and
harbor bill. .
[These speeches will be published m the Ap-
After which, Mr. FEATHERSTON obtained
55
the floor, and the committee rose and reported
progress.
Mr. VINTON asked the House to take up the
resolution he yesterday moved to close the debate
in committee on the civil and diplomatic bill; pend-
ing which motion—
The House adjourned.
*,*The motion madp by Mr. Duncan, of Kentucky, on
the 15th of June, (soe pa^e 843,) was a motion, not for an
appropriation to remove the Cumberland Dam, hut to per-
fect it.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of William Dawson and
one hundred and eigluy-seven otheis, eitizcns of Missouri,
setting forth the superior advantages of the >-ite, and pray-
ing for the establishment of tlie western annorv at the city
of Cape Girardeau. Also, the petition of John Scudderand
thnt>-seven otheis, citizens of Missouri, praying the es-t-ib-
liahmenf of the western armory at the town of Birmingham,
in the State of Mis&ouri, winch is al<o accompanied with a
petition of the President and two Director of said town,
proffering every facility for the accomplishment of f-aid
object. Also the petition of John R. Roberts and thiitv-five
others, citizens of Missouri, praying a donation of alternate
sections ot the public land along the route to aid in the con-
struction of a-iadroad from Lexington, Missouri, to the
month of the Ohio river; and als-o foi lands in lieu of the
occupied portions along said loutc.
By Mr. DC7J3R: Memorial of Nevenf, Town=r.nd Sc Co.,
and others, remonstrating against the parage of a bill >ur-
rendeung to the State of Indiana the, bonds of that State
held In the United States.
Ry Mr. CROWKtiT-: The pptition of P. Minis .T W
Edward*, and other.-, citizens ot Ellsworth, Mahoning coun-
ty, Ohio, praying the reduction ot the rate of postage to two
cents on all letter?, and other mailable matter in like pro-
portion, and doing awav with the flanking pavilege.
By Mr. T. BUTLER KING: The petition of John Cas-
sedy, piaytng compensation for &ei vices. &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 22, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
covering the report of a geological reconnoissance
of the Chippewa land district of Wisconsin, and
the northern part of Iowa, by David Dale Owen.
Also, a memorial from James W. Day, messen-
ger to the President of the United States, asking
extra compensation. - i
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of j
Claims, reported an act for the relief of Daniel |
Robinson, without amendment. j
Mr. BREESE, in pursuance of notice, intro- j
duced a joint resolution for the relief of such per-
sons as may have incurred the disability of the
28th section of the act to change the organization
of the Post Office Department, and to pro vide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts there-
of; which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post OiTice and Post Roads.
The naval appropriation bill from the House
was read a first and second ume, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BADGER moved to take up a resolution
submitted by him some time since, to rescind the
resolution of December last, appointing a door-
keeper to the ante-room of the Senate.
A motion was made to lay the resolution on the.
table; and, after some debate, the question was
taken by yeas and nays, and resulted as follows:
YRA^ Messrs. Allen, Atherton. Benton, Borland, Brad-
bury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Dix, Foote, Hanriegan, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Mason, Nile#, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott,
and Yuleo—1$.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, tier-
rien, Calhoun, Clavton, Corvvin, Davis of Mississippi, Downs,
Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Mail-
gum, Miller, Phelps, Rusk, Spruance, and Upllam—19.
The VICE PRESIDENT gave the casting vote
in the negative.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Contingent Fund of the Senate.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Atherton, to
mpet at eleven o'clock, was taken up and adopted.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolution
from the House fixing the time for the adjourn-
ment of the two Houses of Congress on the 17th
July next.
IVEr. BADGER moved to amend the resolution
by adding a clause providing for the next meeting
of Congress. The blanks m that amendment, he
moved to fill with the woids " second Monday in
November."
Mr. ATCHISON moved to substitute "third
Monday in October." He thought the time he
had named would leave the next session as short
as it could be made so as to ensure the completion
of the business which would bo before Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN was confident that the Senate,
as already organized, would do more business in
one month than would be accomplished between the
third of October arid the usual period for commen-
cing the session. As to the taking up of business
again at the stage in which it would remain at the
adjournment, he objected to it as unparliamentary,
and if we begin it anew, so much time will be taken
up in getting it forward, that nothing would be
gained^ He reminded Senators, that, so far as
business was concerned, an adjournment would be
till December, 1849, because the old Administration
would shun the responsibility of beginning new
measures, and thecoming in Administration would
not be prepared. If we remain here, we might
get through from the 1st to the 10th of August.
Hefeltasmuch inconvenience from the hot weather
as any one, but he was willing to remain. The
southern harvest takes place m October and No-
vember, when it is particularly impoitant for Sen-
ators from that section to be at home. He would
prefer to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BERRIEN was doubtful if it was not dis-
respectful to the House to delay action on their
resolution. That resolution fixed the 17th of July.
We could hold the House to that day; but it seemed
discourteous to let the resolution lie until within
a few days of the time fixed, and then adopt it.
As to the day of meeting, the objection to the third
Monday in October applied so far as that the
Presidential election will be then pending, while
on the second Monday in November the contest
will be ended, and no such inconvenience will oc-
cur. He admitted that it was unparliamentary u>
disturb the order of business, but the urgency of
the case might justify a change of the usual course.
The adjournment would, in fact, be merely a re-
CCMr. ATCHISON referred to the opinions of the
Senator from South Carolina, that the Senate could
now do more business in a month than could be
done by meeting in October, and that it would be
unparliamentary to take up the business in Octo-
ber as it might be left now. He believed we
should be in a better condition, after three months'
recess, to go on with the business of Congress,
than we are now. And as to the state of business,
it was the practice of the House to take up busi-
ness in the stage in which it is left at the close of
the preceding session. He was particularly anx-
ious to see the bill relating to the Territory of Ore-
gon passed, and there was a mass of business on
the table which might require two, or even three
months. As to the Presidential election, he sug-
gested that the election might be made without
the presence or supeuntendence of members of
! Congress.
I Mr. CLAYTON referred to a law formerly pass-
! ed, fixing the commencement of the second session
I on the first Monday in November. There was
' great unanimity in Congress on the subject; but
i owing to a constitutional objection, the Presi
; put his veto on the law. No mode therefore is
| left, but for Congress to make its own airan^
' ments, by adjourning to such day as i y
best. He thought the day named in the law for
; nwlv nn^sed, would be the best—that is, tne mst
! Monclay^n November. He was himselt disposed
onf^Hea're^
j! that it was unnecessary for o [ £"6™-
In intermeddle with the election of President. Aim
!| he thought it much better to do the pub,ic business
i in cool weather than in the hot months
Mr. BUTLER was
opposed to meeting in Octo-
