866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
ber October and November were the months in
•which the presence of southern members at home
was particularly required. He desired to get
through the business of Congress now. The close
of the war would render it necessary to adopt
measures for the government of the new territory.
There were measures which he desired to see acted
on before the Presidential election took place, as
he desired to see his way very clear, before he ad-
vised his constituents to vote oneway or the other.
At present, he admitted himself to be pretty much
unconcerned about the result.
Mr. ATHERTON referred to the business
which remained undone, and expressed his belief
that we might get through the business during the
month of July. A summer session he regarded as
more healthy than a winter session. It was im-
portant, in his opinion, that we should retain the
House resolution a little longer, until we can see
whether it is practicable to adjourn on the day
named. We may be able to get through earlier,
or by the last day of July.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to amend the resolution
of the House by inserting the 31st of July. If
there was to be more debate, he would call for the
special order.
Mr. FOOTE said it would be unfair to the able
tacticians of the Whig party to suppose that they
would attempt to meet the opposite party on fair
grounds in the contest which was about to take
place. He expressed his belief that as it was
formerly the policy of the Whigs to be all things
to all men to gain converts—to spread out their
net to catch birds of every feather—he presumed
that the same policy was now to be resumed. He
was disposed to resist any adjournment until Sen-
ators on the other side were compelled to show
their hands.
Mr. MANGUM said he did not very well
understand the Senator's reference to measures
which he supposed the Whigs would not desire to
meet. For himself, he would say that he was
ready to meet any question which might come up,
and he believed he might say that his friends
around him held the same views. He admitted
that the Whigs had spread their net, and that they
expected to draw up from the great deep a good
many fishes which do not belong to the Whig
party. He thought it was the peculiar duty of
Senators to do the public business. It was very
inconvenient for him to come here in the eaily au-
tumn. He thought we might get through the busi-
ness by the first of August. He desired to post-
pone the further consideration of the resolution for
a week. He would move to postpone the resolu-
tion until Wednesday next.
Mr. M. withdrew his motion.
Mr. BRADBURY expressed a hope that the
resolution of the House would be so amended as
to fix the 31st of July, before the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
was acted on.
Mr. BADGER was entirely willing to take that
course.
Mr. FOOTE had no doubt that the Senator from
North Carolina spoke correctly when he referred
to his own willingness to meet every question.
The remark of that Senator, that the Whig net
would be thrown out to catch every description of
fish, was rather a Jishy one. He referred to the
proceedings of thePhiladelphia Convention, sitting
publicly all day, and talking together all night, yet
separating without adopting any resolution declar-
atory of any political principles whatever. There
were birds of every feather there—blue-light Fed-
eralists, no-territory men, abolitionists, &c. Why
were not those subjects discussed, and made the
basis of a declaration ? He said that he had a great
number of Whig newspapers marked, from the
North, in which the editors had all taken theWil-
mot proviso ground, while the Southern Whigs
took the opposite ground. He then pioceeded to
detail the course taken by the Whigs in Massa-
shusetts and other places, and to descant on the
political characters of prominent Whigs, and on
the opinions attributed to General Taylor. He
referred to the declaration of Abbot Lawrence, that
General Taylor was as much a Whig as he was;
and said it would be hard to make any intelligent
citizen of Mississippi believe that General Taylor
was an Abbot Lawrence Whig. He desired that
Congress should not adjourn until the question
should be met which the Philadelphia Convention
had not dared to meet. He was anxious that the
Whigs should show their hands at once. He al-
leged that the candidate on the Whig ticket for the
Vice Presidency went further m his sentiments
than the Wilmot proviso, and was certainly the
author of the tariff of 1828.
Mr. MANGUM said he had no intention to
commence this debate, nor was he disposed to ex-
tend it. There were some remarks made by the
Senator from Mississippi, however, which called
for some reply. Who brought up this question
to-day ? The Senator from Missouri, who certain-
ly could not be suspected of being a Whig. Yet
it was charged that the Whigs desired an early
adjournment, in order to evade the discussion of
certain questions. It was charged that the Phila-
delphia Convention exhibited a congregation of
birds of every feather. At the Baltimore Conven-
tion, also, there were the streaked and ringtailed
of every description. As to the principles of the
great Conservative Whig party, they were too well
known everywhere to require to be exhibited on a
platform. It was not necessary for-them every six
months to avow what their principles are. It was
not necessary to enlist every penny paper in the
Union to expound them. He referred to the ques-
tions put to General Cass at Cleveland, Ohio, as
to his opinions on internal improvements and the
Wilmot proviso, and to the sudden manner in
which he lost his voice when expected to reply.
He adverted also to the harmony of the Democrats
in New York, and to the sentiments avowed in
Charleston, South Carolina. He admitted that the
Whigs had taken a candidate pretty much on trust,
but he thought General Taylor was none the w&rse
because he had not mingled in the arena of party
politics. He did not know that General Taylor
was a Wilmot proviso man. He did not know
whether his Whigery was as good as that of Ab-
bot Lawrence. He was willing to trust the South
in the hands of General Taylor, believing that he
would not be found in the hands of party tacticians,
but would act on his own strong sense. He be-
lieved it not noeessary to say that Millard Fillmore
was a sound Whig, and had been a very useful
member of Congress. He concluded with stating
that although there might be some novelty and
irregularity in this mode of introducing this sub-
ject, he was not sorry that his friend from Missis-
sippi had thought proper to bring it forward.
Mr. FOOTE replied, stating that the sun of
Whigery, which had been described as shining
with such a cheering, and beneficent, and unmis-
takable light, sometimes shone darkly. It had
been.alleged that Whig principles were everywhere
known and understood. He confessed that he had
hitherto been extremely ignorant on this point.
He was desirous to be instructed, and he was will-
ing to put himself under the tuition of the Senator
from North Carolina.
"Delightful task! to rear the infant mind,
And'teaeh the young idea how to shoot."
He wished to begin by learning whether all the
old issues of the Whig party were to be abandoned.
Would General Taylor advise the revival of a na-
tional bank? Would hegoforan enlarged system
of internal improvement, for a high tariff, for the
independent treasury? Would he interpose his
veto on the Wilmot proviso? He expressed his
suspicion that General Taylor is a Wilmot-proviso
man. It had been so charged on him, and he had
never, to this day, given the charge a denial. The
people do not know what are the opinions of Gen-
eral Taylor on this subject; and they are entitled
to know them, and will know them.
But the Whigs, it is alleged, are conservative.
This is a word of many imports. In what way are !
they conservative? The devils in hell were sent j
there to dwell in never-wasting fire, that they might j
be conserved there for eternal punishment. There
might be conservative for evil as well as for good. |
Did they propose to conserve a national bank, j
&c.? It was to be supposed, then, that General j
Taylor had become acquainted with all the sinu- j
osities of the Whig principles all at once. A little i
while ago he was not at all conversant with party |
politics; and now he understands all the differences j
which are to be found in Whig opinions. His skill !
in acquiring knowledge exceeded that of any other '
individual on record. The amount of the speech |
of the Senator from North Carolina was praise of
the patriotism and honesty of General Taylor. i
And did the Senator from North Carolina pre- !
tend to say that the standard-bearer of the Demo- 1
cratic party ever concealed his opinions, or ever 1
was backward in expressing them on this floor?
Did he ever betray any want pf boldness? He had
sat next to him in this Chamber, and could bear
testimony to his boldness on every occasion. Did
he hesitate to express his views as to revolution-
ized France? Did he hesitate to unfold his views
as to emancipated Italy? On any question of im-
portance, had he not acted boldly and without
hesitation? He vindicated General Cass for not
answering every impertinent question propounded
to him—for not following the example of the Whig"
candidate, who answered every question. He
appealed to Senators on the Whig side of the
Chamber to say if General Taylor had written all
the letters which are in circulation with his name
affixed to them. He had the strongest circum-
stantial evidence that General Taylor was not the
author of all these letters. Some of them were
written with so much grammatical inaccuracy as
to show an entire ignorance of the elements of
education. Others were written with a grammati-
cal accuracy, a logical precision, and a skill, which
exhibited the practical statesman. ^Whoever had
written the latter would not have been such a fool
a3 to write the former.
* He then proceeded to speak of the death of
Czesar—the destruction of Henry Clay, who was
the embodiment of Whigery, who had stood by the
principles of the party through every scene of good
nnd evil, whose voice had controlled the Senate.
That great man was no more. Carthago fuif.
Clay is stabbed—stabbed by his own friends—de-
serted for General Taylor. He was opposed to
adjourning until the great questions pending m the
Senate were disposed of—until this image of con-
servatism was shivered by the sledge-hammer of
truth.
Mr. MILLER had hoped the question of adjourn-
ment would have been discussed without bringing
into it a discussion on the Presidential election, and
all the questions connected with it. The Senator
was unwilling to adjourn until the Whig: party
should be brought out on certain points. He prob-
ably would prolong the session until he supposed
it would be entitled to the name of the second Long
Parliament. He then stated, that when the two-
million bill, in 1846, was brought to the Senate with
the Wilmot proviso, from the House, and was
defeated by Mr. Datis, of Massachusetts, speak-
ing to the hour of adjournment, Mr. Cass after-
wards went over to the Whig side of the Chamber,
and complained, in terms somewhat discourteous,
that Mr. Davis, by his speech, had defeated the
bill, as he (Mr. Cass) had determined to vote for
the Wilmot proviso. Then, when he (Mr. M.)
travelled to the North with Mr. Cass, that gentle-
man held the same language. At the next session,
to his surprise, Mr. Cass voted against the proviso,
on the ground of the unfitness of the time for in-
serting it. How, then, does the standard-bearer
of Democracy stand as to the Wilmot proviso?
He would not have adverted to this, but for the
questions which the Senator from Mississippi had
put in relation to General Taylor. Had General
Taylor not been a Whig, he would have been the
candidate of the Democratic party, and the same
eulogy this day pronounced on Mr. Clay would
have been uttered in reference to the present can-
didate of the Democratic party. He anticipated
the triumph of the Whig party under the standard
of General Taylor.
Mr. FOOTE, Mr. MILLER, and Mr. MAN-
GUM made long explanations; when
Mr. BUTLER suggested the inconvenience and
personal injury to which Senators were subjected
by sitting here so many hours during this intense
heat. Every one was exhausted; and he would
therefore move that the Senate now adjourn.
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 23, 1848.
The SPEAKER, having recovered from his re-
cent attack of illness, resumed the duties of the
chair this day.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the resolution relative to the
printingof ten thousand extra copies of Executive
document No. f>2, as corrected, being a report of
the number of United States troops engaged in the
