1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
war with Mexico, &c., reported the following res-
olution, which was read and agreed to:
Rtsoloed) That extra copies of said document be not
printed.
On motion of Mr. CABELL,
Rfwlced) 1 hat the Committee on Commerce be instructed
lo inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry
and delivery at Chessahowiska, Barton county, East Florida,
and thAt they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar. This being objection day, he
hoped the motion would be agreed to.
Mr. GOQGrIN" desired the House to act upon
the bill for the renewal of the contract for carrying
the mail to Richmond.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House receive
reports from committees for one hour.
Mr. FAR AN inquired what course the chairman
of the committee intended to pursue in relation to
the business of the House.
Mr. VINTON said he understood this was ob-
jection day, and therefore, though he was desirous
to go forward with the civil and diplomatic bill, it
"was not his intention to make a motion to that
effect until the private calendar had been called
through.
Mr. COBB said the Committee on Territories
had determined unanimously to ask the House to
take up the Oregon bill, and he hoped that the
House would go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union thereon.
A conversation ensued as to the position of that
bill, in which the SPEAKER, Mr. COBB, and
others participated.
Mr, COBB moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with the avowed intention of moving to take
up the Oregon bill.
Mr. VINTON said, if the House should go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, he should insist upon the civil and diplo-
matic bill being taken up.
Mr. HUNT gave notice, that if the motion of
the gentleman from Georgia should fail, he should
move to call for reports from committees.
Mr. COBB callcd for the yeas and nays on his
motion, and they were ordered, and resulted as
follows: Yeas 74, nays 98.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNT moved that the committees be called
for one hour for the reports that would not give rise
to debate. Agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for the payment of out-
standing loan office and final settlement certificates
issued^for money loaned, or for services or sup-
plies during the revolutionary war. Read and
committed.
Mr. VINTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a resolution to close all debate in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on Monday
next, at two o'clock p. m., on the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the resolution
so as to make it read Monday week at two o'clock
p. m.
Which was agreed to, and the resolution as
amended was then agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the benefit of the legal represent-
atives of James C. Watson, of Georgia. Read
and committed.
Mr. CROWELL, in behalf of the minority of
the same committee, made a report containing the
views of the minority on the petition of the legal
representatives of James C. Watson, of Georgia.
Committed to the Committee of the Whole with
the bill.
Mr. THOMAS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John F. Ohl. Read
and committed.
Mr, CROWELL, from the same committee,
reported bills for the relief of Thomas L. Judge
and for the relief of Satterlee Claike. Read and
committed.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petitton of William Armstrong. Laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the Senate bill for the relief of Jose Argote
Viilalobos, Marie Rose, Francois Felix, Marquis
de Fougeres, or their heirs orlegal representatives,
was taken from the calendar and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. FLOURNOY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the Union Bank of
Florida. Read and committed.
HA.RBOR AND RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred various memorials for the
improvement of harbors and rivers, the message of
the President stating his reasons for not approving
the "bill to provide for continuing certain works
in the Territory of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses," (i. e. the river and harbor bill,) and the
memorial of the Chicago Convention of July 5,
1847, made a report thereon, accompanied by the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United States vests
in Congtess the power to appropriate money to open and
improve harbors, and remove obsti uetions from navigable
rivers, in all cases where such improvements arc necessary
to the protection and facility of commerce with foreign na-
tions or the commerce among the States.
2. Resolved, That tiic interests of our national commerce,
the common defence, and general welfare of the United
States require a judicious exercise of the foregoing powers.
3 Resolved, That the reasons assignee! by the President
in his veto message of December 15,1847, for his refusal to
approve and sign the bill passed March 3, 1847, making ap-
propuations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers, are deemed insufficient and unsatisfactory.
4. Resolved, That it would be inexpedient, and eontrar}' to
the principles of the Constitution, to give the general eon-
bent, of Confess, in advance origination bv the States, to
the imposition of tonnage duties by the several States as a
means of improving the poets and harbors at which such
duties mav be levied.
5. Resolved, That the report of the Committee on Com-
merce on the memorial Af the Chieajzo Convention, respect-
ing harbor and nvei improvements, the President's message
of December 15, 1847, on the same subject, and the bill
referred to said committee in relation to tonnage duties,
with the minority report on the same subject, he printed,
and that the Committee on Printing be directed to inquite
into the expediency of printing uxtia copies of said report.
Mr. H. stated that the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Simpson,] a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, would, at an early day, sub-
mit a report containing the views of the minority of
that committee on the improvement of rivers and
harbors.
Mr. H. moved the previous question on the
resolutions.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised a question of
order. The House had agreed to receive such
reports and resolutions as would give rise to no
debate. It was with this clear understanding that
the assent of the House had been asked and
obtained. To call the previous question on these
resolutions was a plain, unequivocal violation of
the general understanding under which the House
had acted. He trusted the Chair would not en-
tertain the motion for the previous question, if
the Chair considered it, as he did, a palpable
violation of good faith. The gentleman from New
York knew, as well as he did, that it was only
with that understanding that consent was given.
And now, by thrusting on the House a motion for
the previous question, was he to force gentlemen
on Mr. C.'s side of the House to vote on resolu-
tions which they had never seen or considered,
and which they had not even heard but as read
from the Clerk's desk?
Mr. McLANE inquired whether Mr. Cobb had
not objected to these resolutions as soon as they
were offered, as likely to lead to debate?
Mr. COBB said he had risen to do so, but before
he could get a moment to state his objection, the
previous question was sprung upon the House.
The CHAIR decided that it was not competent
for the Chair to rule out a report regularly made,
as this had been; but if it led to debate, it would
go over, had not the previous question been called.
The question had frequently been raised, and as
often decided, that a member had a right to move
the previous question in such a case, and the House, j
if it so pleased, to sustain the call. Whatever
might be the personal opinion of the Chair on the
motion under existing circumstances, if it was
made, the Chair was bound to receive it. The
Chair could recognize no informal agreements or
understandings among the members of the House.
After some further remarks on the question of
order by Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama—
Mr. COBB took an appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and he again stated his point of order.
The CHAIR repeated its decision, and the ques-
tion was about to be taken on sustaining the Chair;
when-^
Mr. SIMS reminded the Chair that the gentle-
man from New York had not called the previous
question on all the resolutions he had reported, but
had excepted some. Those excepted by him, Mr.
S. desired to debate.
Mr. HUNT said he had at first moved the pre-
vious question on all the resolutions, but had after-
wards been requested to except one, to which he
said he would not object.
The CtiAIR, on this statement of fact, ruled
that the resolutions, giving rise to debate, must lie
over.
So the resoJuions lie over for debate.
Mr. GREGORY, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Lewis H.
Bates ana William Lacon. Read and committed.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
William Milford. Read and committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported a bill to authorize the issuing of a register
to the schooner James, which was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed; and, being engrossed,
was read a third time and passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred House bill to transfer the towns of Vinal-
haven, North Haven, and Isleboro', from the col-
lection district of Penobscot to that of Belfast, in
the State of Maine, reported the same back to the
House, without amendment, and it was left on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. COLLAMER,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom were referred various memo-
rials and petitions on the subject, made a report on
the reduction and graduation of the price of the
public lands. Laid on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, when he should have
an opportunity to examine the majority report made
by the gentleman from Vermont, he might deem it
proper to submit a report, if time should allow,
dissenting from that of the majority. If the report
made was adverse to graduation, of course his con-
victions would not allow him to approve it.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, the
Committee on Printing were directed to inquire
into the expediency of printing 10,000 extra copies
of Mr. Collamer s report.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands were discharged from the
resolution in relation to amending the 9th section
of the act to raise, for a limited time, an additional
military force, and for other purposes; the resolu-
tion of the House of 13th March last in relation to
receiving military bounty land warrants in pay-
ment for lands by persons holding preemption
rights; and a resolution of same date for receiving
bounty land warrants in payment of preemption
claims on the Miami lands. Also, from the joint
resolution of the Legislature of Indiana, in relation
to the postponement of the sales of the Miami re-
serve lands, and from various joint resolutions of
the same Legislature in relation to the reduction of
the price of the public lands; in relation to bounty
land warrants; in relation to the location of bounty
land warrants; in relation to the location of bounty
land warrants on the Miami reserve lands; in rela-
tion to the reduction of the price of the Miami
reserve lands to $1 25 per acre; in relation to vol-
unteers who have settled on the Miami lands; from
the petition of citizens for the postponement of sale
of Miami lands; fiom the petition of Protestant
University for a donation of land; and they were
laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill supplemental to an
act entitled " An act to appropriate the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, and to grant preemp-
tion rights." Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, a report on the
subject of the resolution of the 9th of March last,
m iclation to repealing and amending the laws
relating to the public lands. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill granting to the State of Illinois
the right of way and a donation of public land for
making a railroad connecting the Upper and Lower
Mississippi with the chain of the northern lakes at
Chicago, reported the same back to the House
without amendment, and the bill was left on the
SfOn'motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the Committee
on Public Lands was discharged from the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kentucky, concerning
