1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
a distance from Baltimore of three hundred and
£fty miles more; making in the whole circuit near
four hundred miles, at a cost of $34,000, in about
thirty hours1. This cost, too, (said Mr. G.,) is
exclusive of the supply of the local mail in the
neighborhood and along the line of the railroad,
which is now effected by means of two-horse carts,
(my colleague, Mr. Botts, says one-honse,) at a
cost to the department of $13,000 more, from
Washington to Richmond, in Virginia, in some
twenty-three "hours, a distance of one hundred and
thirty miles. In addition to all this increase of
«ost, as is now shown, though Mr. Johnson had
told them that by this very safe, wise, rapid, and
economical arrangement, he would be able to save
to the department a large sum, ($57-5 48!) it turns
out that he has been compelled to add other ser-
vice, which has cost him the further sum of £1,950
for the supply of the local mail from Richmond to
Petersburg, besides the necessity which exists for
•the supply of other parts of the route at its termini,
-and for the delivery of the mail at intermediate
points not estimated at all, amounting in all to
@49,407 50. Thepresentarrangement, then,clearly
•subjected the mail to a most oppressive, ruinous,
and unnecessary delay, and the department also
to a large increased cost for its transportation.
This should not be tolerated, whatever of personal
feeling may have been suffered to spring up be-
tween thePostmasterGeneral and others connected
with this most unfortunate controversy. Mr. G.
•said he hoped that the members of this House
would act at once from their own convictions of
right, regardless of either the wishes of the depart-
ment, the railroad company, or of individuals and
-members of other companies who hang around
this Hall, with the view, as he supposed, of influ-
encing the legislation of the country, because they
happened to be interested to the extent of a few
dollars under some contract or sub-contract con-
nected with this subject. If such persons should
have any claims for damages on account of the
recision of the existing contracts—which, how-
ever, he by no means admitted they would have—
yet should they establish them under other and
different proceedings, by exhibiting their claims
^and fairly referring them to a committee for a re-
port, he (Mr. G.) should feel inclined to listen to
them; but this bill was no place for the insertion
■of such amendments, by which the bill would be
embarrassed and probably defeated. At all events,
if such provision was made in the bill, which has
but a single object in view, (the speedy restoration
tjf the mail to the proper line,) he (Mr. G.) should
feel himself free to vote against the whole bill with
-such amendments in it.
Mr. G. said, as many gentlemen now present
were not in the House when this subject was up
fcr its consideration in the early part of the ses-
sion, he would state more fully the points on which it
rested. The mail (said Mr. G.) since the year 1843,
had been carried from this place to Richmond, one
hundred and thirty miles, by railroads and steam-
boats, for $12,752 for the steamboat part of it, on
the Potomac, a distance of fifty-four miles, and on
the remainder of the one hundred and thirty miles
by the railroad, for $19,500; making in the whole
§32,252, as he had already stated. This sum was
paid the steamboat and railroad for the service,
under the sanction of the law, which he would
send to the Clerk to read, passed in 1842, by
which the Postmaster General, then Mr. "VVick-
iiffe, he believed, was authorized to extend the
contract with the steamboat company for carry-
ing the mail on the Potomac on the terms be-
fore existing, the company agreeing to furnish at
least two ice-boats for the purpose of keeping
open the navigation of the river at all times, by
which the mail should be sent forward without
delay, as had not been the case before. Mr. G.
said the company were, it would be seen, under
the necessity of providing, not one, but at least
two of these boats, which cost them a vast deal of
their earnings, if not more than their mail pay.
This law which he was about to have read, the
action of Congress on the subject, and the requisi-
tion of ice-boats, showed most clearly that both
Congress and the Postmaster General regarded the
navigation of the Potomac by mail-boats as enti-
tled to that protection which it received. There
is, in fact, no river in the United States on any
important mail line where, from its particular
locality, it is so subjected to interruptions from ice,
which can be overcome, as it is in this case, by
proper exertion. Not so at the North; for there,
when a freeze once comes on, the navigation is
closed for the season. Nor so at the South; for
there the freezes, if any at all, are so slight that an
ordinary boat can overcome them. Hence it was
apparent why the carrying of the mail on this river
(which was the route for but few passengers com-
paratively, by-the-by, who aided in remunerating
mail companies sometimes) had required some
special legislation, as it had done before and now
did. [Mr. G. here sent to the Clerk, the law,
which was read to the House.]
As to the lailroad part of the route, (Mr. G.
said,) it was well known that the mail carried by
it was one of the largest in the Union—the route
in all respects, as a mail route, one of the first im-
j portance. Like the steamboat route, it could not
' subsist by the receipts it derived from passengers
alone; it had been established with a view to the
facilities it had afforded, and was always now
ready to give, in the speedy transmission of the
great mail south. Its friends had invested their,
funds in it with the assurance that it was to be
used as a mail agent; it had been so employed for
years, and the Postmaster General informs us that
the service had been satisfactory. Some difficulty
arising, however, in 1842 or 1843, about the terms
on which the mail was to be carried, it was finally
submitted by the Postmaster General to the de-
cision of the then President of the United States,
(Mr. Tyler,) who awarded to the company, as
but a fair compensation for increased speed, ac-
commodations, and other advantages, the sum of
$260 per mile: thus making in the whole to the
railroad and steamboat company the aggregate
sum already stated of §32,250, which, under the
law, under the award of Mr. Tyler, under the
sanction of Mr. Wickhlte, as well as under the
sanction of the present Postmaster General, Mr.
Johnson, (who has continued to pay it,) the com-
panies continued to receive down to the month of
December last. They now ask no more; in fact,
they ask nothing, but are willing to carry the mail
on the same terms as heretofore, in order that the
public may be served, the department enabled to
do its duty, and the company absolved from all
censure in regard to the whole matter.
The Postmaster General, however, no doubt
honestly thinks (said Mr. G.) that he is not autho-
rized to give the sums heretofore paid. Strange,
indeed, that all others shoald be wrong, and he
alone should be right! The grounds on which his ;
objection rested was the peculiar phraseology of i
the law itself, which the Postmaster General thinks I
limits his discretion and limits the pay to all roads j
of the first class to $237 50 per mile. Let us see
(said Mr. G.) what the law is, and then let the j
House decide the matter for itself. He then read
the act of 7th July, 1838, declaring every railroad
m the United States a post route, and which de-
clares that "the Postmaster General shall cause
4 the mail to be transported thereon, provided he
4 can have it done upon reasonable terms, and not
'paying therefor, in any instance, more than 25
'per cent, over and above what similar transporta-
$ tion would cost in post coaches."
This act (said Mr. G.) then fixes the compen-
sation at 25 per cent, over and above what similar j
transportation would cfcst in post-coaches. Now, |
(said Mr. G.) let us see how this case would stand |
tried by this law. The only bid, he believed, ofieied j
tor carrying the whole southern mail in four-hoise j
post-coaches, on the route from Washington to j
Richmond, when proposals were lately invited, I
was $28,000; that is, this similar transportation''
between the same points was offered to be done i
for this sum. Now, add 25 per cent, to this, which j
would be $7,000, and it would give us the sum of
$35,000, to which the company would be entitled,
instead of $32,252, which it offers to take, and has
repeatedly taken. i
But (said Mr. G.) let us look at the law of the 1
next year. The law of the 25th January, 1K>9,
declares that the Postmaster General shall not,
44 by virtue of the act of 1838, pay more to any
4 railroad company in the United States fur the
1 conveyance of oat vr more daily uiuilb than £300
* per mile per annum!" Here, then, (said Mr. G.,)
though the Postmaster General has refused to pay
these companies what they have heretofore had
for their services, (which is but $260 per milefor
a part of their route,) he might have clearly paid
them $300 per mile, as the law itself abundantly
shows. And this (said Mr. G.) is the law as it
now is, subject to the act of 1845, to which he
would presently refer.
The Postmaster General, with these laws before
him, with the acquiescence of his predecessor afid
the approbation of Congress stamped on it, has,
however, thought proper to put himself on a most
singular decision, growing out of the action of th-e
department in settling the meaning'of the words
"similar transportation." It has been there deter-
mined to take the coach service, performed on the
Cumberland road, for which is paid $190 per mile,
as the basis, and it so happens that 25 per cent, on
this sum makes the sum of $237 50 ner mile, which
he determines shall be the compensation in future
for all railroads of that class carrying a daily mail.
This Mr. G. thought, indeed, a most singular de-
cision, by which, when the law says you may
pay $300, the Postmaster General says it means
$237 50. But if by the words "similar trans-
portation", it is meant to refer a case in one part of
the Union to what may have been the cost of a.
route in another, our legislators must have been
blind to all experience, and to all the history of
mail contiacts. A thousand reasons, indeed, might
operate to make the coach service higher at one
place than another. Is it reasonable, then, (said
Mr, G.,) to take one as a guide for another? A
coach with the mail in one place maybe permitted to
travel at the rate of four miles an hour only, while
at another it may be required to run at the rate
of eight miles in the same time. One may carry
a pait only of the mail, while the other, in a dif-
ferent section, for proper reasons, may be required
to carry all the mail going to a particular portion of
the Union. A stage-coach may be required to
carry passengers by the department in one portion
of the country, but not in another; and such a
coach may in one place be required to deliver its
mails in the night time, and to travel in the night.
| time also, while in another pait both are done in
i the day time. All these and other causes may
j operate against any general rule of this sort, settling
; the amount to be paid in this place by ascertaining
1 what is paid in another. Here, however, we have
j no necessity for resorting to such a rule, for the
j offer made shows that "similar tra?isporlaliori,i of
' the mail between the proper points at $28,000,
which was offered, would justly entitle these com-
panies to the sum of $35^000, when it is proposed
only to give them $32,252.
The Postmaster General, in carrying out his
rule, has also settled that steamboat scrvice is
worth twelve-and-a-half per cent, less than rail-
road, and he accordingly reduces this portion of
the route even below what he is willing to pay the
road; and this, too, with the facts before him in
regard to the navigation of the Potomac, to which
he had already referred.
Mr. G. said he only wished to call the attention
of the House to the law, and he should be perfect-
ly willing to rest this matter where the law itself
placed it. The act of 1845, to which he hsd refer-
red, declaied that the Postmaster Gcneial should
arrange the railroads, " including those in which
' the service is partly by railroad and partly by steam~
'boat, into three classcs, according to the size of
' the mails, the speed with which they are con-
( veyad, and the importance of the service." *
pronded, he shall not pay a higher
' rate of compensation than is now allowed hj law
( for the conveyance of the mail on any railroad of
' the first class." The law, then, makes no dis-
tinction between routes where the service is all by
railroad or il is partly by railroad and partly by steam-
boat." In either case he might pay $300 per mile
for the whole distance. He, howeVer, declares he
can pay $237 50 for the railroad only, and 25 per
cpnt. less for the steamboat. These companies,
however, ask not that the maximum by any means
be given them: they ask only what has heretofote
been settled as due them; and although, under the
law, they could justly claim that thesteamhoatroute
should be paid as much as the railroad, thev do
not now nor have they ever <*bked it, within i ii.
G/s knowledge. .. .
Mr. G. said' one of the gtfSnt dtfucuUies in the
way of some gentlemen, when this subject was
before up for consideration, and particularly the
gentleman from South Carolina, not now m his
seat, [Mr. Rhbtt.J was, that the hay company
: could claim damages of the department for a recis-
ion of (heir contract by Congress as contemplated
by this resolution, Mr. G. said he uemcd there
was any contract at all with any company on the
