1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8,71
burv, Breese, Bright, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix,
Podge, Felch, Foote, Fil^erdlrl, Hale, Hunnegan, HouHon,
Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Niles, Rusk,
Sebastian, Sturgeon, and Turney—27,
NAYS—Messrs. Bad«er, Baldwin, Berrien, Bell. Butler,
Clarke, Clavton, Corwtn, Davis of Ma«>acftusctts, Greene,
johnson of.VLiryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Phelps,
Sprnanco, Underwood, Upham, and Weetcott—18.
Mr. BUTLER apologized for having been un-
consciously the cause of depriving Mr. Mangum
of the floor on the adjournment resolution.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he had voted in the
negative to enable Mr, Mangum to conclude his
remarks.
Mr. MANGUM said he knew- no disrespect to
him was intended. He could speak some other
time.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.
The bill to establish a Territorial Government in
the Territory of Oregon was then taken up for con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. YULEE called the attention of the Senator
from Indiana to the necessity of some change in
the phraseology of the bill, which extends the
jurisdiction of Oregon over all west of the Rocky
Mountains, so that of course it will embrace Cali-
fornia, and all our possessions west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Mr. BRIGHT said the question was on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,]
which he should oppose.
Mr. BERRIEN said his motion was to strike
out the 12th section; that the section was then open
to amendment before the vote on striking out could
be taken.
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the section,
which was accepted by Mr. Foote, as a modifica-
tion of his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, could not see what
importance could be attached to the amendment,
as the ordinance of 1787 could have no application
to the Territory of Oregon, where it could never
be in operation.
Mr. BADGER said proprio vigore the ordinance
could not apply, and there would be no propriety
in the amendment. But the bill conferred on Ore-
gon all the rights, privileges, and immunities given
to otlt-er Territories and States, and on reference to
the subject, it appeared that the restriction of the
ordinance of 1787 was operative in some of them.
He desired to guard against any conclusion that
the restriction should operate in Oregon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said, why did not
the Senator from North Carolina move at once
that the inhibition of slavery which is adopted as
to Iowa, should not be adopted as to Oregon?
Mr. BADGER contended that his motion was
to that effect, although the language was different.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, argued that the
amendment was in effect a prohibition of the es-
tablishment of slavery in Oregon, whethershe wills
it or not. It is said that Oregon has already abol-
ished slavery. Then what do we propose to do,
but to sanction what the people of Oregon have
already done? If they have excluded slavery, we
only give approval of their decision, with an addi-
tion that it shall be perpetual. Slavery cannot be
carried into Oregon, because it cannot be carried
into Iowa, if you pass the law as it stands. It
will be as perfectly excluded as if we passed the
"VViimot Proviso. He opposed the amendment of
his friend from Georgia. By the 6th article of the
ordinance of 1787, slavery is prohibited in the
Territory of Iowa, so far as regards certain sec-
tions. The amendment under consideration leaves
the bill precisely as it stands. In every view he
could take of it, it could have no effect. Was it
the intention of the North to prohibit slavery for all
time? Was it the intention of the South to say
this is right? Did the North^ intend to say that
slavery might be introduced in Oregon? He de-
sired to see the platform established. He wished
to have the question distinctly determined, so that
the people might understand what was intended to
be done. He assured southern Senators, if they
voted for this 12th section, they would vote the
Wilmot Proviso.
Mr. FOOTE expressed his willingness to with-
draw his amendment, if the Senator from North
Carolina would consent to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BADGER said he would do so with the
greatest pleasure, after he had made a brief ex-
planation as to his amendment. He then briefly
replied to the remarks of the Senator from Mary- I
land, in order to show thqt that Senator had not >
examined the proposition with his usual accuracy,
! or that he was less fortunate than usual in his
j clearness of explanation. He then read an extract
from documents and statutes on file, to justify him-
self against the attacks which had been made upon
him. Different minds took different views of the
subject, and it was his object to throw out some-
thing which would settle and guide them. He
considered the ordinance of 1787 a dead letter in
Oregon. He considered Congress as having full
power and authority over the whole question, until
it abandoned thispowerand authority to the States.
He believed that slavery would never exist in Ore-
gon, as it was not desired there by a majority of
the people. He thought the matter should be left
in the hands of the people of Oregon.
The amendment was then withdrawn.
Mr. BERRIEN and Mr. JOHNSON, of Mary-
land, mutually explained as to the effect of the 12th
section of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, then sent to the
Chair the following amendment, to come in at the
close of the bill:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall be so
construed as to authorize the prohibition of domestic slavery
in said Territory whilst it remains in the condition of a Ter-
ritory of the United States.
Mr. HALE then said he thought the proper
course would be to take the question on the amend-
ment that he had offered and withdrawn, and said
he should move it when the bill came up. The
following is the amendment:
That the inhabitants of said Territory shall be entitled to
enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and advantages
granted and seemed to the people of the territory of the Uni-
ted States northwest of the river Ohio by the articlesof com-
pact contained in the ordinance for the government of «aid
territory on the 13th day of .Tnlv, 1787; and shall be subject
to all the conditions, and restriction^ and prohibitions in
said articles ot'compact imposed upon the people of t-aici ter-
ntoiy; and the cxit-lin? law? now in force m the Territory
of Oregon, under the authority of the provisional govern-
ment established by the people thereof, shall continue to be
valid and operative therein, so far as the same be not incom-
patible with thf principles and provisions of this act; subject,
nevertheless, to be altered, modified, or repealed by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly of the said Territory of Ore-
gon; and the laws of the United States are hereby extended
over, and declared to be in force in, said Territory, so far as
the same, or any provision theieof, may be applicable.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of David Myerle.
This bill was discussed by Messrs. UNDER-
WOOD, BERRIEN, and BENTON; but, without
taking the question on its passage,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 24, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HUNT rose and asked leave to make a per-
sonal explanation. General consent being given,
he proceeded to say that during several years ser-
vice he had never had occasion to appear before
the House in explanation of any matter personal
to himself; but he perceived that the report in this
morning's Intelligencer of yesterday's proceedings
in relation to the report which he had the honor to
submit from the Committee on Commerce was so
imperfect and erroneous, he felt compelled, most
unwillingly, to ask the indulgence of the House for
a moment.
1 Deemin°* it important that the standing commit-
! tees should have an opportunity to bring forward
! the measures they had matured, he had moved that
j one hour should be devoted to receiving reports
: from committees which might be disposed of with-
j out giving rise to debate. The form of the motion
i he made was quite different from the phraseology
! of the reporter.
| When the Committee on Commerce was called,
i he submitted a report on the several topics hereto- ;
: fore referred to that committee, in relation to river j
and harbor improvements, including the bill intra - j
duced by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. j
Rhett] respecting tonnage duties, the President's
veto message, and the Chicago memorial. The
report concluded with a series of resolutions im- i
bodying the conclusions nf the committee; and m
submitting them to the House, he distinctly stated
that these subjects had been discussed on several
occasions at the present session; that there would
be further opportunity for debate when the harbor
bills shall betaken up; that, although there were
differences of opinion, he believed every member
had formed a settled opinion on the propositions
contained in the resolutions, and must be prepared
to vote on them without discussion; and, deeming
early action desirable, he moved the previous ques-
tion. These remarks were wholly omitted in the
Intelligencer. Thehonorable gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Cobb] contended that the motion was con-
trary to the implied understanding of the House,
that such reports only should be received as gave
rise to no debate, and in the excitement of the mo-
ment he spoke of it as ua violation of good faith.'
It had been his good fortune to associate with thai
gentleman as a member of this body for five years,
and, notwithstanding political differences, perfect
cordiality and personal kindness had attended their
intercourse from the day they met in this Hall.
[Mr. Cobb nodded assent.]
He was unwilling'now to believe that the gen-
tleman could have designed to .impute to him an
intention to take an undue advantage or to violate
any understanding, express or implied. He was
sure the gentleman would not expect him to quietly
submit to such a charge. If (said Mr. H.) I am
mistaken in this, I will only say that I am ready
to repel the imputation, I hope with becoming in-
dignation, yet with that calm unconcern which
springs from conscious rectitude of purpose. He
willingly left it for others to decide how far he was
observant of the rules of the body and the proprie-
ties of his position.
The motion he made was in accordance with
the habitual usage of the House. It was of fre-
quent occurrence, as every member knew when
committees were called for reports giving rise to
no debate, to call the previous question for the
avowed object of piecludmg debate. It had been
decided uniformly that the mover of a resolution
which went over, if debate arose, might move
the pievious question, to cut off debate. In sub-
mitting this report and making the motion, Mr.
H. said he but acted in pursuance of the in-
structions of the Committee on Commerce. They
directed him to move the previous question, with
a view to immediate action. By that motion it
was distinctly submitted to the House whether
debate should or should not be allowed. It was
for a majority to determine whether to take the
question then or keep it open for discussion. It
was not for him to presume in advance that debate
would be desired on either side; and it was obvi-
ous the effect was precisely the same as if a like
motion had been made on a general call of com-
mittees. He emphatically denied that it was, in
any possible aspect of the case, inconsistent with
any implied understanding, or with the uniform
practice of the House. He had desired to say
thus much yesterday in reply to the gentleman
from Georgia. When personally assailed, his
motto was:
Cv To right the wrong, where'er 'tis given,
Though in the very courtof Heaven."
But under the decision of the Chair, and in the
precise state of the question yesterday, no oppor-
tunity was afforded him for defence or reply.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, in reference to the re-
marks just made by the gentleman from New
York, felt it incumbent upon himself to state that
he entertained the same kindly feelings towards
the gentleman as the gentleman had represented to
exist between them. In reference to what had
occuned yesterday, the gentleman from New York
seemed to think that by his remarks he had cast
imputations on his (Mr. H.'s) personal motives.
Since he had been a member of this House he had
never impugned the motives of any member upon
this floor—never in any instance. His own self-
respect, as well as his respect for the House with
which he was associated , he trusted, would prevent
him from so doing. His remarks were correctly
reported m the Intelligencer. He had contended
! that the reception of the report at that time, with
the previous question moved upon it, was in vio-
lation of the general understanding under which
■ the House had consented to receive such reports
as would not give rise to debate, and that the ef-
: feet would have been a violation of the good faith
i of the House if the majority of the House had
! sanctioned the demand for the previous question,
1 and forced the minority to a vote.
Mr. HUNT inquired whether the efiect would
not have been precisely the same as if the motion
for the previous question had been made when
reports were open to debate under a general call
of the committees?
