870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
they remained Territories. The non-slaveholding
Suites desired to have a monopoly in the Territo-
ries, to exclude slavery, and even to control the
States after they have ceased to be Territories.
The amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
embraced the southern view of throwing open the
Territories to all. He proposed to discuss this
great question calmly, without yielding any right
which the South ought to claim. 'He disclaimed
party and sectional influences. He regarded this
•question as one far transcending the Presidential
question. He would discuss the subject fairly and
calmly. The first question is, have the non-slave-
holding States the power claimed by them in the
twelfth section? Where do they get the power?
Slave property was the only description of property
recognized by the Constitution, and if we disturb
this property, it is a denial that the Constitution
intended there should be an equality between all
the States. Jf the power exists at all, and its ori-
gin cannot be found anywhere else, it must be
looked for in the constitutional compact, We are
told that this Government has an absolute control
over the Territories. If so, he admitted that this
embraced the power to exclude or admit slavery.
But where was the power to be found? He denied
that it was to be found in the clause giving Con-
gress power over the Territories, as asserted by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix.] That merely
gare power over the land, not over the population.
He went into a critical examination of the language
of the clause, and came to the conclusion that it
conferred nothing like governmental power. He
then referred to the clause giving Congress power
over this District and over navy-yards and arsenals.
\i the Constitution had in the first clause given
governmental power over territory, why was it
necessary to introduce another clause, giving special
legislation over the District of Columbia, and navy-
yards and arsenals?
Sovereignty, so far as this District is concerned,
remains in Maryland. She has, by her ccssion,
given the power of legislation to Congress, but the
sovereignty has not been ceded. He contended,
therefore, that the Constitution conferred no sov-
ereignty in the United States in relation to Terri-
tories. He relied on these general views as an-
swering the arguments and precedents brought
forward by the Senator from New York. But he
would glance at one or two of them.
in reference to the first act quoted by the Sena-
tor from New York, u couid not be considered as
a precedent, because the old Confederation was then
in the arms of death. He went into a historical
view of the ordinance of 1787, and of the proceed-
ings of the Convention thereupon; also of the pro-
ceedings of Congress and of the compromise which
subsequently took place. The South had faithfully
fulfilled her part of the compact. He was sorry
that this could not be said of the people of the
northern States, except Illinois, which, to her
honor, had remained faithful. Individuals had or-
ganized themselves into a power to control slave
property in Ohio.
[Here some explanations took place, in which
Mr. CORWfN denied that there was any law or
corporation of individuals in Ohio which interfered
with that kind of property ]
Mr. C. resumed, with a declaration that no charge
could be made against the South of any violation
of the compact. He quoted the language of Mr.
Jefferson in a letter to Mr. Adams, in which he
stated that all the other agitating questions of the
day were of little importance. They weie billows
which would pass under the ship, but the Missouri
question was a breaker. [He sent the letter ad-
dressed by Mr. Jefferson to Senator Holmes to the
Secretary to be read.] In the face of such senti-
ments, the name of Jefferson is used as a basis on
which to build up an opposite policy. Having dis-
posed of all the precedents which had been brought
forward, he would now come to the question, Has
Congress power over the Territories?
He admitted that Congress has power. Whence
was it acquired? It appertains to the power of
acquiring territory. It is involved in, embraced
in, the power of acquisition. That we have the
right of acquiring territory, he admitted. It be-
longed to the war power. If any Senator differed
with him as to the origin of the power, it is of no
consequence. But it is the sole power in the Ter-
ritories. It is not an absolute power. It does not
follow that because absolute power is exclusive
power, therefore exclusive pov/er is absolute power.
The power of Congress is not absolute in the Ter-
ritories. It is limited. We.are trustees to admin-
ister the benefits of government to the Territories.
All trust powers are limited by the nature and
object of the trust. To whom does the property
belong? To the United States. Who are the
United States ? The States in their sovereign and
independent character. There is no right in the
Government of the United States to make a dis-
crimination between the citizens of one State and
those of another.
It had been said that the Territories had the
right to control the question. He denied that Ter-
ritories had any more possession of absolute power
over the subject than Congress had. If neither
Congress nor the Territories have the power to ex-
clude slavery, what power has? It has been said,
the laws of nations. He went into a close investi-
gation of this point in the argument, in order to
prove that it was not a sustainable one.
He had thus shown that the non-slaveholding
States had no power to exclude the southern States
from going with their property into the Territories.
But even if they had the power, could they right-
fully and justly exercise it? He put the question
to the northern Senators, Can you justly, right-
fully, intermeddle with the subject? Can you ex-
clude the southern States, which are equally part-
ners with you in this great political compact, from
passing into the Territories? He alluded to the
fundamental sources from which the rights of the
southern States were derived—the purchase of
Louisiana, of the Floridas, and of the discoveries
of Captain Gray, and of Lewis and Clarke. They
were all paid for out of a common fund. In private
life any attempt to defraud a partner would be met
by proper execration. And would not the same
rule apply to the States? Did not the same rule
which is good for'thirty be equally good for thirty
millions?
These questions go to the heart, not to the head;
and if they are decided wrong, they are a proof of
malformation, of the existence of prejudices too
deep to be removed. He asked the Senators from
the North to come forward and show their regard
to the South by voting for the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi, and thus admit the
South to a participation in the benefits of the com-
mon fund. If the northern Senators refuse this,
they have wofully degenerated. The question was
capable of settlement, and, although the Presiden-
tial question was now agitating the public mind,
he did not see that this should prevent it. This
is, in fact, the very time to settle it, as all must
now feel that there is a power overriding every
other question, which will make itself felt. The
only way to settle the question is to leave it to the
country. It was a great mistake to suppose that
the white laborer was disgraced in the South by
associating with slave labor. There were but two
kinds of labor in the South which were regarded
as disgraceful—that of a body servant, or a domes-
tic servant. To neither of these would a southern
white man stoop; ^and he hoped the time would
never come when the white man of the South
would brush a coat or clean a pair of boots. The
labor of every white man in every other respect
was highly appreciated.
He feared that a perseverance* in wrong would
entirely alienate the South. He commented on
the phrase, "all men are born free and equal."
He considered that there had never been a propo-
sition of such dangerous import, or which had been
so misunderstood, or been productive of so much
evil. Men are not born—infants are born. Infants
are not born free and equal; they are subjcct to
their parents. He denied that there was any such
phrase m the Declaration of Independence, although
there was something like it. " All men are created
equal." Men are not created; there were but two
created, one man and one woman; and the woman
was inferior to the man. Locke and Sidney gave
the idea " all men are free in a state of nature."
This he considered as a hypothetical truism. He
denied that man ought to be regarded in any other
than a political character. That, suiely, could
not be natural which is repugnant to our feelings.
There are rights which belong to man, and which
may be called natural, and these, when they come
in conflict with political rights, assume the ascend-
ency. Civil rights he regarded as the highest
order of rights. What we cali liberty is a different
thing m different states of society. It is necessary
to mvestgovernmentwithan extraordinary amount
of power for its own preservation. Instead of every
man having a right to equal liberty, nothing can
be more unequal than the quantum of liberty
assigned to every individual. He regarded the
axiom that all men are free arid equal, as producing
disastious Effects abroad at this moment, and as
likely to plunge Europe in a state of hopeless an~
archy, which would terminate in military despo-
tism.
Mr. BERRIEN regarded the points made by
the Senator from South Carolina as of so much
importance as to require some consideration. He
therefore moved that by common consent the fur-
ther consideration of the bill should be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE made an effort to convict the Sena-
tor from South Carolina of an error as to the votes
by which the Missouri comproniisehad been forced
on the country, but it was suggested that he had
taken up the wrong question for his illustration.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed till to-morrow.
THE POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the Post Ofiice Department for
the year ending1 30th June, 1849.
The bill having been amended on motion of Mr 
BERRIEN—
Mr. BADGER moved further to amend it by-
adding the joint resolution which had passed the
Senate in relation to restoring the great southern
mail to its legitimate route, via Aquta Creek and
Fredericksburg.
On this motion a long debate ensued, when the
question was taken by yeas and nays, and decided
in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Borrien, Clarke, Clayton, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Greene. Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Rusk, Spruance,
and (Jnderwood—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury? Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dtx, Down*, Fetch, Foote, Hamlin,
Hannegarij Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Niles, Phelps, Stur-
geon, Turney, We=tcott, and Yulee—27.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill was subsequently read a third time, by
unanimous consent, and passed.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and,
after a short time, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 28, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, asked the
general consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House the amount of extra
compensation paid to Lewis Cass, ovei and above his leaular
and fixed salary, whilst in the service ofth* United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected, unless the
resolution was so modified as to include also all
moneys paid General Taylor since his entrance
into the service of the Government.
Mr. STEWART said the gentleman from Ten-
nessee could move to amend the resolution.
Mr. JONES declined to move to amend the res-
olution.
Mr. STEWART said that, for the sake of pleas-
ing gentlemen, he would accept the amendment, so
as to call "for all the extra pay allowed General
Taylor since his entrance into the service of the
United States."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, wanted the resolu-
tion so modified as to call for a statement of all
money paid General Taylor since he entered the
service of the Government.
Much confusion here prevailed.
Mr. STEWART modified his resolution by
adding to it the following:
And also the amount of extra compensfalion paid to
Zaehan Taylor,over and above his regular and fKed -salary,
whilst in the service of the United Slates and the said
statement shall include also the whole amount of money
paid to each.
Mr. SIMS objected to the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr. STEWART gave notice that he would re-
new his motion on Monday; and, if objection
were then made, he would move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of obtaining an opportu-
nity to offer the resolution.
