1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he had pre-
pared a resolution, to which he hoped no objection
would be interposed. It was read, as follows.*
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
fui m^hed to- tlit- Hnu«e a statement of ail the moneys re-
spectively receiver! from the treasury hy General Lewis
Cass and General Zacbary Taylor, for regular and extra ser-
vices. from their first entrance into the public service to the
present time, designating the service for which each sum
was paid.
Mr. WICK suggested to Mr. Jones to include
all moneys paid Mr. Van Buren.
Mr. STEPHENS requested Mr. Jones to mod-
ify his resolution by adding the words, " desig-
nating extra from regular pay."
Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio, objecting, the resolu-
tion was not received.
On motion of Mr. STANTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a collection
district in that part of Tennessee which borders on the Mis-
sissippi river, with a port of entry at Memphis, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. MEADE, it was
ResolveThat the Fostnvistei General communicate to
this Hou<e, at as early a day as practicable, a statement
showing the expenditures and receipts on account of the
mail, in each State and Territory of this Union, for the last
ten years, including the present fiscal year.
Mr. McILVAINE asked leave to offer a reso-
lution directing the Committee on Printing to in-
quire into the expediency of printing ten thousand
copies extra of the report accompanying the bill
to organize an Indian Territory west of the Mis-
sissippi river. Objected to.
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the resolution of the
Senate authorizing and directing the renewal of
the contract for carrying the southern mail betaken
up.
Mr. HUNT called for the order of business.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report made by Mr. Strohm on the 3ist of May
last, from the Committee on Public Expenditures,
on the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the finances.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr. Cobb, of Geo'rgia, to the last resolution
reported by the committee, instructing the Com-
mittee on Printing to "inquire into the expediency
1 of printing ten thousand copies extra of the report
' of the Committee on Public Expenditures on the
* report of the Secretary of the Treasury," by
adding the following: "And also ten thousand
f copies of the views or report of the minority of
1 said committee upon the same subject, to be
'printed with the report of the majority;" upon
which amendment the previous question was moved
yesterday—
The House refused to second the demand for
the previous question: Ayes 75,noes 86.
The question was then stated on agreeingto the
amendment moved by Mr. Cobb, of Georgia; and
being put, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
following, to come in after the first resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures be
instructed to make a thorough examination into the condi-
tion of the Ticfnury Department, and especially in relation
to the treasury note's and loans under the act^ of July 22d,
1846, and January 2Sth, 1847, and that said committee have
leave to send for poisons and papers, and to employ a clerk
at the usual compensation.
Mr. R. moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, submitted the point of
order that the resolution was not germane to any
of the resolutions reported by the committee, and
therefore could not be received as an amendment.
The SPEAKER decided that it was germane to
the report of the committee, for that was upon the
state of the Treasury Department, and it would
be in order if no resolutions had been reported.
Mr. COBB insisted that the resolutions alone
had been reported for the action of the House; that
the previous question, if sustained, would bring
the House to a direct vote upon the resolutions,
and that no proposition to amend which was not
germane to the resolutions was in order.
The SPEAKER adhered to his decision, and
overruled the point of order.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, suggested
that the friends of the Secretary should make no
opposition to this measure. They need feel no
apprehensions at an investigation being made.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
debate was not in order, the previous question hav-
ing: been moved-
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (in his seat, in reply to '
Mr. Holmes.) We feel no apprehensions what- -
ever. j
The previous question was then seconded, and, :
under the operation thereof, Mr. Rockwell's res- :
o?ution was agreed to—yeas 137, nays 37.
The resolutions reported by the committee,- as
thus amended, were then agreed to. j
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, '
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arm« is hereby authorized
to pay to C. W. Deane, adnrini«fratorofthe estate of A. Yell,
deceased, the amount of per diem and mileage which shall,
upon examination, be found to have been due said Yell as a
member of the 29th Coogress. J
Mr. G. W. JONES, at a subsequent part of the
day, moved a reconsideration of the vote by which
this resolution was passed. He explained that the ,
resolution proposed to pay the balance of the per '
diem and mileage of the late Archibald Yell to his 1
administrator, directing the Sergcant-at-Arms of;
this House to pay the same. Now, the money in j
the hands of the Serjeant-at-Arms was placed
there under an appropriation to pay the members
of the 30th Congress, whereas the late Mr. Yell |
was a member of the 29th Congress. He would :
therefore suggest a doubt whether theSergeant-at- j
Arms could divert an appropriation in his hands j
for other purposes than those for which the ap- !
propriation was made. Having made this expla- '
nation, he withdrew the motion to reconsider, and |
suggested to the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. !
Johnson] that he should endeavor to get the pay- j
ment from the contingent fund. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the House j
to permit the resolution to be so modified a3 to di- !
rect the payment from the contingent fund. !
The modification was made by general consent. \
Mr. CABELL called up the motion made by
Mr. White to reconsider the vote by which was i
passed the resolution to close the debate in Com- '
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
Monday next on the bill making appropriations
for civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1849, with a
view of offering a resolution to close the debate to-
marrow (Thursday) at two o'clock. j
Mr. C. remarked that everything was in order in j
this discussion, except the merits of the bii! itself, j
and under the five minutes rule the debate would
be confined to the amendments and to the bill. !
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table. Agreed to.
Mr. TALLMADGE asked the House to take
up the bill to incorporate the Washington Gas-
Light Company, which was reported on Friday
last from the Committee of the Whole, with an
amendment. Unless it were now done, (Mr. T.
said,) great inconvenience would be sustained,
inasmuch as the company's operations would ex-
pire in the course of two or three days.
The bill was then taken up, and the amendment
was read as follows:
Sec. —. Be it further enacted, That nothing in this act
contained shall be construed to authorize the said Washing-
ton Gas-Light Company to make, issue, or putm circulation
any bill, draft, check,order,promissory note, change-ticket,
or anything else piomising or agreeing to pay money, in-
tended to circulate as money, or the tendency of which shall
be to circulate as money or currency; and the violation of
any one of the piovisions of this section shall be a forfeiture
of the charter herein granted, and a fine of fifty dollars against
each of the directors voting for the same.
Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That each of the stock-
holder in the Washington Gas-Light Company shall be held
liable in his or her individual capacity for all the debts and
liabilities before the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of
the case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said the design of
the amendment was to prevent the company exer-
cising banking powers, and to make each individ-
ual stockholder liable for its obligations. It was
an amendment which he believed would be satis-
factory to the company.
Mr. HENLEY explained that the bill had been
modified, and that it now contained such a pro-
vision as that to which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee referred.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed* was read a third time and
On motion of Mr. MEADE, i
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole Houseon the 1
state of the CJmon be di -chaiged from the consideration of
the bill of the House to change the limes, for holding the dis-
trict courts of the United States m the western district of
Vnginia, and fox other purposes, and that the t>aine be put j
upon its passage. 1
The bill was then read, and the question recurred
on the engrossment for a third reading. %
JVIr. VINTON said he believed that the bill pro-
posed to increase the salary of the judge of the
western district of Virginia from $1,600 to $9,500.
He moved, therefore, to reduce that sum to $1,600,
That was the salary paid to the judge of Ohio who
transacted the business of a population of two mil-
lions of people; and", in short, there was no judge
in any of the States west of the mountains—Indi-
ana, Illinois, or Missouri—whose salary exceeded
$1,600, and he could not see why the judge of the
western district of Virginia should receive more
than a judge of Ohio who presided over two mil-
lions of people.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said they had but
one judge in Tennessee, and he held his courts at
three different places, receiving a salary of $1,500
a year. He moved to strike out the third section
of this bill, or that which proposed the payment of
a salary of $2,500.
Mr. MEADE hoped the House would indulge
him in a few remarks, and he thought he could
prove the justice of this provision. The judge of
the western district of Virginia in the course of
a year travelled two thousand two hundred and
eighty miles on horseback, over a rough country,
and his salary was $1,800 in 1819, when he had
but six courts to hold and one thousand miles to
travel. His duties, too, had increased since that
time, from time to time,.until now he has eleven
courts, and is employed six months of every year
in discharging his duties of a judge. In addition,
too, he pays his own expenses, for he has no mile-
age allowed him. Of those expenses the present
judge had kept an accurate account, and he found ,
that they amounted to $400 per annum, reducing
his salary to $1,200, for doing more business than
was done in any other district court of the United
States. The criminal docket of two courts con-
tains from eighty to one hundred cases per an-
num. Now, he submitted to the House if the sura
of $1,200 was sufficient for a judge who held eleven
courts a year, who was employed six months out
of twelve in holding them, and who travelled two
thousand two hundred and eighty miles on horse-
back, in travelling from one court to another. Tha
judge of this district had appeared before a com-
mittee of the House and stated the nature of the
duties he had to perform, and the committee unani-
mously recommended this increase of his salary.
Mr. HALL, of New York, interposed to say?
that he was a member of the committee referred
to, and he was opposed to the increase of the sal-
ary of this judge.
Mr. MEADE said, probably the gentleman was
not present at the time the vote was taken, and
therefore he could not know what that gentleman's
opinions were. But at the time the bill was passed
upon in committee he heard no objection to it.
Mr. ASHMUN thought the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] was perfectly correct. Th&
action of the committee was unanimous. He was
present himself, and he thought the gentleman
from New York was not present when the final
action was taken. He begged further to say, that
the committee examined the case accurately and
thoroughly, and, as far as he understood, they
were unanimously in favor of increasing this saK
ary.
Mr. MEADE did not believe there were thirty
votes here to be found that would be against it if
they were acquainted with all the circumstances of
the case. He then reiterated the distance the judge
had to travel, the salary he received, and the amount
of business he had to transact; and then called the
attention of the House to the fact, that a judge who
resided in the city of Boston received $2,500, who
had no travel at all. He enumerated a list of other
judges who received $2,000, $2,500, $1,800, and
even ^3,000, some of whom had but a lew hundred
miles to tra\el by steamboat. He was also under-
stood to sav that there was another district judge
in Virginia who received $1,800, who held but t%\ o
courts a year, and travelled 150 miles by steam-
boat. That judge had not more than one-tenth
part of the labor performed by the judge of the
western district of Virginia. If gentlemen would
take the trouble to inquire into the circumstances
of this case, they would find that this was one of
the most important Federal districts, and one of the
most arduous. Itwasthemostdifficulttotravelover
and he ventured further to say, that no judge could
hereafter be got to perform the duties of that dis.
