878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
inct unless the salary should be increased. The
present judge had been induced to acceptthe judge*
ship, because he was assured by the judge who
preceded him—Judge Pennybacker, who left the
district to take a seat in the United States Senate—
that he would introduce a bill to increase the sala*-
ry; and if it were not done, Judge Brockenbrough
must resign his office from sheer necessity, and no
man who was fit to discharge the duties would ac-
cept the salary. He hoped the House would allow
this bill.to pass.
Mr. VINTON begged permission to make a
slight correction of the remarks he jflade a few
minutes ago in ielation to the remuneration of" the
judges of Ohio and of the western States. They
received but $1,500, and not $1,600, and for per-
forming; the duties of an entire State; whereas, in
Virginia, there were two district judges, each re-
ceiving a large salary. He knew that in Virginia
the expenses of the judges were not extravagant.
The people in the western district were a simple
people; their modes of living were not expensive.
The gentleman from Virginia said the judges trav-
elled round their districts, but that, he supposed, was
a matter for their own convenience. The judge of
Ohio field h is courtat but one place, and the people
engaged in litigation in the courts of the United
States were required to go to theseatofgovernment
of that State. It might be a matter of convenience to
the people of Virginia that the judge should travel
round, but it was no reason why this Government
should pay more to a Judge in western Virginia
than to the one who held his court at Columbus,
Ohio.
Mr. MEADE inquired how many days that
judge sat?
Mr. VINTON said he could not tell, but he saw
from the roll of the Supreme Court of the United
States, that there was three times as much busi-
ness there from the State of Ohio in the last few
years, as from all the State of Virginia. He had
no objection to the judge of the western district of
Virginia receiving $2,500 a year, but he was for
even-handed justice, and he should ask that the
salary of the judge of Ohio should be increased
also.
Mr. GOGGIN thought that what the gentleman
from Ohio had said was conclusive evidence that
the judge of Ohio got more than he was entitled
f.o, but it was not evidence that the judges of Vir-
ginia got enough.
Mr. VINTON said, the judge of Ohio was for-
merly a member of this House; and he had seen
gentlemen from Virginia here who were not more
intelligent than he is.
Mr. GOGGIN had no doubt there were gentle-
men here from Ohio, near the line of the State of
Virginia, who were, perhaps, not as intelligent as
that judge. He had no intention to reflect on the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton-.] He had
only risen to say, that this Government should
give salaries commensurate with the duties and the
position of its officers. If not, they would drive
men of talent to the State courts, and they would
not be able to get a man of even moderate abili-
ties to preside in the Federal courts. He bestowed
a flattering eulogy on J udge Brockenbrough, and
called upon the House to reject the motion to strike
out.
Mr. DICKEY moved the previous question, and
there was a second.
The motion to strike out the third section was
agreed to, by yeas and nays; the vote being—yeas
117, nays 40.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. MEADE moved to reconsider the vote or-
dering the engrossment of the bill, with a view to
move its recommitment to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions so to amend the bill
as to fix the salary of the judge at two thousand
dollars.
Mr. MEADE again stated the large amount of
labor to. be performed by the judge, the extent of
country over which he had to travel, the number
to of the population, the number of courts he had
hold, and the very great amount of travel he had
to perform on horseback, &c.; and expressed an
earnest hope that the motion to reconsider would
prevail.
Mr. LINCOLN said, he felt unwilling to be
either unjust or ungenerous, and he wanted to un-
deistand the real case of this judicial officer. The
.gentleman from Virginia had stated that he had to
hold eleven- courts. Now, everybody knew that
jt was not the habit of the district judges of the
United States in other States to hold anything like
that number of courts; and he therefore took it for
granted that this must happen under a peculiar
law, which required that large number of courts to
be holden every year; and these laws, he further
supposed, were passed at the request of the people
of that judicial district. It came, then, to this:
that the people in the western district of Virginia
had got eleven courts to be held among them in
one year, for their own accommodation; and being
thus better accommodated than their neighbors
elsewhere, they wanted their judge to be a little
better paid. In Illinois, there had been, until the
present season, but one district court held in the
year. There were now to be two. Could it be
that the western district of Virginia furnished more
business for a judge than the whole State of Illi-
nois?
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL advocated the motion
to reconsider at some length and with much ear-
nestness. He "referred to the law of Virginia,
which imposed an immense amount of business
on the judge of the western district of Virginia.
Mr. I. had travelled through a number of the
States the last season; but in his whole journey
he encountered no such roads as those over which
this unfortunate gentleman was destined to travel
280 miles every year. He held eleven courts, and
received but $1,600, a sum greatly reduced, too,
by his travelling expenses, for he was allowed no
mileage. It was said that this was attributed to
the law. If the law was wrong, correct it; but as
long as the law remained which exacted this enor-
mous amount of service, let the compensation be j
in some<fair proportion to the labor rendered. It j
was said that in all Illinois there had been but one ;
district court held in a year. If a similar rule \
should be enforced in Western Virginia, it would j
amount to a delay, and almost to a denial, of jus- J
tice. The people might break their necks in try- j
ing to get to the court, and after all fail. Our only
sovereign, under the people, was the law: and the j
ministers of the law were justly entitled to an !
adequate compensation m proportion to the ser- !
vices discharged. In England, not only did judges
receive a liberal allowance while they continued
in office, but when, owing to length of service and
the infirmities of age, they were obliged to retire,
the law provided for them an ample honorary
pension during the residue of their days. The
duties of this bench were sufficient to break down
a constitution of iron. As an instance of this, he
referred to the case of Judge Kennedy, of Penn-
sylvania, who, when he entered on judicial duty,
was, as he said, "able to handle any man in
Pennsylvania;" but the course of his duties on
the bench ultimately prostrated his large and pow-
erful frame, and brought him to a premature
grave. He referred to the salaries allowed in his
own State and some others, and warmly pressed ;
an increase of the allowance for the bench of {
Western Virginia. I
A statement was now sent to the clerk's table
to be read, exhibiting the comparative amount of
travel, courts held, and distance travelled by all
the district judges of the United States.
Mr. VINTON did not know how correct that
table might be as to the amount of travel; but he
knew, that so far as Ohio was concerned, it was
incorrect. A judge residing in Steubenville, and
required to hold his court in Columbus, was set
down as having no travel to perform. How he
got from the one city to the other without travel-
ing, Mr. V. did not pretend to understand. He
was satisfied there were many of our judges who
did not receive as much as in justice they ought to
have; but Mr. V. was in favor of a general revis-
ion and due apportionment of salary, according to
the service respectively i^ndered.
He moved that the motion to leconsider be laid
upon the table. The motion prevailed; and the |
bill was then read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS, j
The House then, on motion of Mr. VINTON,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, m the j
chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill making ,
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expen- |
s,es of Government for the year ending June 30,
1849. ji
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, addressed l!
the committee during his hour, basing his remarks
upon the memorial of the citizens of Charleston
for an appropriation of $100,000 for the purchase
of a site and the erection of a custom-house in that
city, and (notwithstanding the favorable report of
the engineer in charge) the hostility of the Presi-
dent thereto, which he ascribed to the general hoa*
txlity of the Executive to the State of South Caro-
lina on account of Mr. Calhoun's thwarting his
efforts on the Oregon question, and saving us from
a war with England. He related some interesting
facts connected with Mr. Calhoun's course in op-
position to 54° 40', and ascribed to him the credit
of having turned back the current of public opin-
ion, lashed into fury by the President's extreme
claim to that territory, and having preserved peace.
He touched incidentally upon the Mexican war,
and expressed the opinion that it was got into and
precipitated by the rashness of the President.
While we were in the war, he had never disputed
about its propriety, necessity, and expediency,
but had reserved this expression of his opinion
until we were out of it. In closing, he paid an
eloquent tribute to General Taylor, in his military,
civil, and social character, and proclaimed his in-
tention to support him for the Presidency.
Mr. SIMS replied with much warmth, and vin-
dicated the Secretary of the Treasury against the
charges made in relation to a custom-house at
Charleston, and the Executive against an imputa-
tion of partiality to one State above another.
[These speeches will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. WOODWARD said, he did not rise for the
purpose of entering into this debate, but to make
some explanation personal to himself. Having
voted with his colleague [Mr. Sims] on the propo-
sition to increase the appropriation for the repair
of Fort Moultrie, he could not avoid taking to
himself the censure pronounced by his colleague
[Mr. Holmes] against his colleague [Mr. Sims.]
Mr. W. said the department had indicated the
sum necessary for the work, and the proper com-
mittee had, upon consideration, recommended that
sum as sufficient. He thought proper to be gov-
erned by the recommendation of those in whose
charge the law had placed such matters. He had
no other reliable source of information. It would
not be safe, as a rule of conduct here, to look to any
less responsible source. True, his colleague, [Mr.
Holmes,] a little before the vote was taken, had
informed him that some engineer had reported an
additional sum to be requisite; and although he
(Mr. W.) felt all becoming respect for the opin-
ions of his colleague, [Mr. Holmes,] and those of
any engineer he might recommend as worthy of
confidence, he yet concluded it would be a more
warrantable course to look to the department and
the committee for information, though he con-
fessed his mind did somewhat hesitate.
But there was a great mistake in supposing these
appropriations were for the State of South Caro-
lina, or for the people of Charleston. They were
for the public works of the Government. Charles-
ton is not the proprietor of Fort Moultrie, or of
the custom-house in that city. The United States
have a fort near Charleston, and a custom-house
in Charleston; but appropriations for these struc-
tures are not, therefore, to be called appropriations
for South Carolina, These works are the property
of this Government, and within its jurisdiction.
He made these remarks, because the language
of the debate was calculated to produce the im-
pression on the public that Congress had been
making an appropriation for the benefit of South
Carolina. His State had never received any of the
bounties of this Government, and desired none.
If his colleague [Mr. H.] had intended to con-
vey the idea that his State was likely to be influ-
enced in her course in thePresidential election, by
the hope of receiving bounties from this Govern-
ment, in any shape or form, directly or indirectly,
he took the liberty of saying that gross injustice
had been done the character of the State. He
(Mr. W.) felt bound to repudiate the idea that any
such hopes would operate upon the State of South
Carolina. Indeed, he did not hesitate to say that,
other things being equal, the candidate from whom
she had most to hope in this respect, would be
least apt to get her vote. She is opposed to inter-
nal improvements.
He did not mean to intimate that there was any-
thing to choose between parties on this subject.
If he might judge from the votes of members on
a late bill, vetoed twice by the President, and after-
