880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29.
this however he might differ with Senators on the
other side, on any other question.
He concluded with some further remarks on the
course taken by the opponents of slavery in the
free States, and the rigid manner in which they
persecuted the slaveholder when he brought his
property with him into those States, and appealed
to Senators from the free States to say if they be-
lieved, had such a spirit exhibited itself previous
to the adoption of the Constitution, that this Union
would ever have been consummated.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the bill be informally
passed by until to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD (the motion being for a
moment withdrawn) desired to read an amendment
which he proposed to submit. The amendment
of the Senator from Indiana would, in his opinion,
lead to some difficulties. He desired to meet the
question so plainly and so boldly that there can
hereafter be no difficulty whenever any emigrants
carry their property into any of our Territories.
Mr. Bright's proposed amendment is as fol-
lows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That iri all the territory
owned hy the United States, including Oregon, New Mexico,
and Upper California, wbtch lies noith of thirty-six degrees
arut thirty minutes north latitude, slavery and involuntary
servitude, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes,
whereof the parties shall have been duly convicted, shall
be, and is hereby, torever prohibited: Providedyalways, That
any person escaping into the same fioni whom labor or ser-
vice is lawfully claimed in any State or Territory of the
United States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and
conveyed to the person claiming his or her labor or service
as aforesaid.
Mr. Underwood proposes to add the following:
Prowled, further, That citizens of the United States emi-
grating, with their slaves, into any of the Terutories of the
United States south of said parallel of latitude, shall be pro-
tected in their property in their slaves so lonu as the Terri-
tory to which they emigrate continues under a terntojial
government.
The amendment was ordered to be printed, and
then the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-morrow, when Mr. Phelps
will occupy the floor.
FORTIFICATIONS.
The bill making appropriations for fortifications
for the year ending on the 30th June, 1849, was
taken up and amended, so as to insert an item of
$50,000 for the fortification at Fort Delaware, on
the Pea Patch Island.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, was about to
offer an amendment; when—
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 29, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
""Mr. HAMMONS rose (he said) to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which was passed yesterday the resolution direct-
ing the Clerk of the House to pay to the adminis-
trator of Colonel Yell any money found to be due
him for pay or mileage as a member of the twenty-
ninth Congress.
'Mr. H. understood the facts to be these—if he
was wrong, the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] who had introduced the resolution, could
correct him:—that Colonel Yell was a member of
the twenty-ninth Congress; that he served during
the first session of that Congress, and received his
mileage and per diem; that he never took his seat
at the second session of that Congress; that he never
travelled one mile, or attended one day of that ses-
sion; that this resolution contemplated to pay to
his family constructive mileage from here and con-
structive per diem for the session which he did not
attend. If these were the facts, it would appear
to him that the claim was not just. For the pur-
pose of ascertaining how th$ facts might be, he
moved the reconsideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH was next recognized, and
yielded the floor for a moment to—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who wished
to know whether the resolution contemplated pay-
ing Colonel Yell from the time he left here to tne
end of the long session, and there stop, or whether
it proposed paying him per diem and mileage for
the ensuing session ? Colonel Baker, and the others
who had left this House, as Colonel Yell did, had
received pay from the time they left to the end of
the session. Colonel Yell was the only man who
did not draw his pay. He supposed this resolu-
tion was intended to place this claim on an equal
footing with the others; and, if so, he did not ob*
ject to it.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, considering the cir-
cumstances of Colonel Yell's death, and consider-
ing that the other colonels had come here and got
their mileage and per diem, he should be extremely
mortified to see anything of this kind appear on
the Journal of the House. He hoped the gentle-
man from Maine would withdraw the motion to
reconsider, or he (Mr. W.) should move to lay it
on the table. He believed it would be an act of
gross injustice to try to deprive the family of a
man who had died under such circumstances of
the mileage and per diem which others had re-
ceived who had no more right to them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, would make a
statement in regard to this matter, as it was desired
by gentlemen. He knew, from the name of the
individual concerned, that it would attract the at-
tention of this "House and its fair and generous
consideration. Governor Yell was a member of
the twenty-ninth Congress—that we all knew;
he came here at the commencement of the session;
he left at the commencement of the war, and drew
his pay up to the time. He went to the war as a
volunteer of the State of Arkansas, in the ranks as
a private; he marched one hundred and forty miles
in the ranks to the place of rendezvous, where he
was elected, under the militia laws of the State of
Arkansas, colonel of the regiment. He was com-
missioned by the Governor, went to the war, and
served up to the 22d or 23d day of February, when
he was killed at the head of his regiment at the
battle of Buena Yista. None who knew him here
or elsewhere ever knew in this country, or any
other, a more perfect gentleman, a more gallant
man, or one more devoted to the interest and wel-
fare of his country. So much here; and in the
course of the time he was therey he met with such
injustice and unkindness that he would dislike to
make any allusion to them here, and which he
should regret most exceedingly to see carried out
here towards his family. Governor Yell left be-
hind him, without father or mother, a number of
children; the estate was greatly embarrassed, and
was likely to be sold, and not one cent left to take
care of them. To whatever he was entitled from
this Congress, whether constructively or for actual
service, he could not believe there was a man
within the sound of his voice who would be so
ungenerous, so wanting in self-respect, as to think
of refusing it, and of coming here to talk on this
question about a pitiful matter of dollars and cents.
What was the resolution ? It provided that the
Clerk of the House be instructed to examine into
the accounts of Colonel Yell, a member of the 29th
Congress, and that the amount which was ascer-
tained to be due to him should be paid over to his
administrators. Now, before it could be paid, the
account must necessarily go to the Committee on
Accounts and be examined, and not one cent could
be paid without their authority. But there were
spirits just low enough to approach and oppose
any subject presented, if it was to pay any money.
If any gentleman had asked him what was the
nature and character of this claim, he would have
answered him with pleasure. Gentlemen knew
that members of Congress received their pay, and
were entitled to receive their pay, if they had their
certificate of election, even though they were un-
able to come here at all. Colonel Yell drew his
pay up to the time he left, and no further. Now,
when it was found that Colonel Baker, of Illinois,
came on here at the 2d session of the 29th Con-
gress, and drew the whole of his per diem and hss
mileage up to that time, could objection be made
to paying the family of Colonel Yell in the same
manner? He did not object to Colonel Baker re-
ceiving his pay at all; he had gone from this Hall
to serve his country in another capacity under the
militia laws of his own State.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, understood
this resolution merely to refer the question to the
Clerk to determine what was due to Colonel Yell.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, repeated that
members came here at the beginning of the session
and were gone months at a time, and no question
was raised of their right to their per diem during
the whole time.. He only asked that the same
course be taken now; he asked that the children
of that man, towards whom the heart of every citi-
zen of Arkansas at least must turn with veneration
and affection, should receive the same thing that
gentlemen were constantly receiving. He did not
believe that the House ought to permit the discus-
sion of a thing so plain. If the Committee on Ac-
counts found nothing due to Colonel Yell for his
services, they would of course refuse to audit the
account.
Mr. HAMMONS explained that his object in
moving a reconsideration was, that when recon-
sidered the subject might be referred to the Com-
mittee on Accounts, and whatever might be found
due to Colonel Yell, he should make no objection
to paying.
Mr. STARKWEATHER was about to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from Arkansas,
which he thought would obviate the whole diffi-
culty. It had been supposed by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hawmons] that this resolution
did not refer the subject to any committee. He
apprehended if it did, it would be satisfactory to
the gentleman from Maine, as well as thegentleman
from Arkansas, and the whole House. The facts,
as he understood them, were these: that Colonel
Yell was a member of the 29th Congress; that lie
served the first session; that he was not here the
second session, and that his successor took his seat
on the 7th February. This resolution contem-
plated the payment of his per diem up to the 7th
of February, and his travel fees from Arkansas
here. Now, if this resolution went to a commit-
tee, and that committee ascertained that there was
no law allowing that mileage and travel, it would
then be their duty—he should consider it his duty
as a member of the Committee on Accounts—to
report the facts, and when the House were in pos-
session of all the facts, it could judge for itself of
the whole subject-matter.
Mr. McKAY said that the resolution on its face
simply provided that the Clerk pay to the legal
representative^ of Colonel Yell the per diem and
mileage to which he was entitled. Of course no-
body would object to that. But he had under-
stood, informally, from the gentleman that the
purpose was to go farther. Colonel Yell had re-
ceived pay, as he (Mr. McK.) understood, up to
the time when he left the service of the House and
joined the volunteers in the military service, in
which he continued until he was killed at the battle
of Buena Vista. Now, what the gentleman pro-
posed by his resolution was, that the Clerk pay
the legal representatives of Colonel Yell for con-
structive mileage and per diem up to the time of
the election of his successor. He wished to know
from the gentleman if that was the fact?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, with reference to
the suggestion of Mr. Starkweather that it would
be generally satisfactory to the House to refer this
resolution to the Committee on Accounts, repeated
that of its own force and effect it would refer the
subject to them before the accounts could be au-
dited.
As to the inquiry of Mr. McKay, with reference
to the amount of this claim, he replied that he
claimed for Colonel Yell's legal representatives all
that was due to him under the law of the land, if
it was to come up to the hour of his death. But,
as this House was the jud^e of the elections of its
own members, it had concluded to oust Col. Yell
when it admitted Colonel Newton, not that he was
dissatisfied with the admission of Colonel Newton
at the last session of Congress, although he knew
it virtually superseded Colonel Yell, and conse-
quently deprived him of the right to draw any per
diem from the time he ceased to be a member of
the House. Now, he asserted that Col. Yell never
had lesigned his seat; that the proclamation for
the election was issued and the election took place
without his resignation having been made, and it
never had been made to this day. The conse-
quence was, that the man could not be deprived of
his seat here except by the direct action of this
House. He (Mr. J.) claimed, under these cir-
cumstances, that Colonel Yell was entitled to his
pay up to the very last moment that he was con*
sidered a member of this House; up to the time
the Governor issued his proclamation for an elec-
tion. It would be with the committee to examine
this and the whole matter. He believed it was
justly due, and he had not only discharged his
duty, but acted out the feelings of his heart in pre-
senting this claim, which he could not doubt would
receive the prompt and favorable action of the
House.
