1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
1844? Was he less true upon the questions of a
bank, the tariff, yaternal improvements, the veto,
distribution, arid all the great and cardinal princi-
ples around which the Whig party of this Union
rallied with such enthusiasm four yearsago ? Why
was it that he had been laid aside that they might
erect upon his remains a no-party platform, and
present a no-party candidate? The Democrats
had declared, in 1844, that Henry Clay was un-
worthy the confidence and support of the Ameri-
can people; that this Government would not be
safely and honestly administered by him, on the
principles which his party held and avowed. The
Whig party had then denied it; but the rejection
of Henry Clay at Philadelphia, was an admission
of the correctness of the charge. Did any man
believe that if Mr. Clay had been the nominee of
the Whig party we should ever have heard of no-
party ism? It was only by the strong and unequiv-
ocal condemnation of the American people upon
both the imbodiment and their principles, that
they had been driven to desert his standard, and
sought this new imposition, sought to carry into
the Executive chair and the administration of the
Government these condemned and repudiated prin-
ciples, under the false guise of no-partyism; and to
avail themselves of the glory of a military hero,
whose laurels were won in a war condemned by
them as "unnecessary and unconstitutional," and
he and his gallant band in effect held up before the
country as the murderers of innocent women and
children in Mexico. They sought to avail them-
selves of his popularity, in order to foist upon this
Government their odious and abominable princi-
ples.
He would allude to another evidence that the
Whig Convention at Philadelphia were not ableto
agree upon a platform—that they considered ne-
cessary one set of principles at the South and
another at the North. He had before him a Whig
paper of his own State, which had no doubt been
seen by his colleague, in which a correspondent,
writing from the Philadelphia Convention to the
people of Georgia, told them, that in the action
of that Convention they saw evidence of safety to
the institutions of the South. He told them, and
he (Mr. C.) called upon the* northern portion of
the party to hear him, that the Wilmot proviso
was introduced into the Philadelphia Convention,
and the cry came up from all quarters, Make it a
test vote; and it was rejected, only ten voting in
its favor. It was sought to make the people of
Georgia and of the South generally believe, from
that action that the majority of the Convention was
opposed to the Wilmot proviso. Was that true?
There were gentlemen here who were members of
that Convention; there was one, a gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,]—he regretted that
the gentleman was not within the hearing of his
voice—he would like to ask that gentleman lfhe had
intended his vole upon that resolution to be in con-
demnation of the Wilmot proviso? The gentle-
man dared not do it. He held in his hand evi-
dence under the gentleman's own hand and seal,
written subsequent to the action of the Convention,
whifch condemned him if he were so to declare.
Mr. HILLIARD inquired, if Mr. Forman, of
Georgia, did not offer, in the Baltimore Conven-
tion, a resolution in opposition to the Wilmot pro-
viso, and if he was not warned not to press it?
Mr. COBB said he was not present in the Con-
vention, but had been informed that Mr. Forman |
had intioduced some resolution on the subject of
the Wilmot proviso, and withdrawn it upon the
ground taken by a large majority of the South in
that body, that the resolution already adopted was
satisfactory.
He asked the gentleman, in turn, if he believed
that the Whig Convention, m voting down the
Wilmot proviso, intended to declare themselves
against it?
Mr. HILLIARD said he judged of the senti-
ments of the body by its actions. It was rejected
by a large majority.
Mr. COBB recalled the gentleman to the ques-
tion. This was no time, when they were discuss-
ing a question involving the dearest interests of
the gentleman's constituency and his own, to
equivocate upon terms. He again asked the gen-
tleman lfhe believed that a majority of the Phila-
delphia Convention were opposed to the Wilmot
proviso?
Mr. HILLIARD replied, that the gentleman
had as much information upon the subject as he
had. He asked the gentleman if a more signifi-
cant expression of the opinion of any body could
be given than the deliberate vote of that body?
Mr. COBB said, that unfortunately that body
declared they would not express any sentiment;
and his honorable colleague [Mr. Toombs] was an
able advocate of that position. Now, did the gen-
tleman from Alabama pretend to say that his party
could denounce platforms and principles, and yet
avail themselves of that vote—a vote given upon
the principle of erecting no platform? Would the
gentleman from Alabama, before the people of that
State, before the Union, say that that was the
honest sentiment expressed by that Convention?
Mr.' HILLIARD replied, that the northern gen-
tlemen of that body assured them that the resolu-
tion should be put down if it was offered; and by
the motion of a northern man, a member from
Pennsylvania, when the Wilmot proviso was
brought forward, it was laid on the table by an
overwhelming vote. He asked if there could be a
stronger expression of the sentiment of that body,
and of respect of southern rights, than was shown
on that vote?
Mr. COBB remarked, that the gentleman from
Alabama was very diffuse in answering his ques-
tion. He again asked, that there might be no
equivocation, did the gentleman from Alabama be-
lieve that the majority of the Philadelphia Whig
Convention were opposed to the principles of the
Wilmot proviso?
Mr. HILLIARD said that the gentleman seem-
ed determined not to understand him. He desired
to say, that when that Convention, in the open
light of day, thousands looking on, did vote to
put down the Wilmot proviso, it gave him the
strongest assurance he could ask, that they would
stand by the South against it.
Mr. COBB replied, so strong was the assurance,
that the gentleman would not say that he believed
it. [Laughter.] The gentleman was right not to
believe those with whom he was associated. He
commended the gentleman to his constituency for
the open avowal made, in effect, before the coun-
try, that he could not place confidence in the assu-
rance of his northern friends.
Mr. HILLIARD never liked to risk unneces-
sary declarations: he referred to facts.
Mr. COBB said the gentleman was right in this
contest. He advised him to follow his leader, and
to risk no " unnecessary declarations." He was
strictly on the no-party platform.
Mr. HILLIARD again asked if the gentleman
would answer why Mr. Forman was prevailed
upon not to press his resolution in the Baltimore
Convention ?
Mr. COBB had already answered. He would
repeat, however, that the resolution was withdrawn
upon the declaration given at the time that the res-
olution already adopted was sufficient. He had
answered the gentleman, but the gentleman had
failed to answer him.
Mr. HILLIARD asked if the gentleman would
say that he honestly believed that was the only
reason why the resolution was withdrawn by Mr.
Forman ?
Mr. COBB did not pretend to deny that other
influences might have operated upon some of them.
Mr. HILLIARD, (in his seat.) Ah !
Mr. COBB declined further to continue the con-
versation as his time was rapidly running away,
and as he wished to ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] who was a member of
the Philadelphia Convention, and who had made
some remarks in that body, if it was to be under-
stood before the country that the-laying of the W il-
mot proviso on the table was a declaration, on the
part of that Convention, against the principles of
the proviso ?
Mr. ASHMUN said that he would answer that
or any other which the gentleman from Georgia
might choose to put to him with pleasure.
Mr. COBB would not have presumed to put the
question if he had supposed the gentleman would
have received it in any other spirit than that which
he expressed.
Mr. ASHMUN, in reply, stated, that although
he was a member of that Convention, he was not
in the body at the moment that proposition was
made, nor did he hear one word upon the subject
of it, nor was he present when he understood it
was laid upon the table. He could not, therefore,
answer for any one gentleman as to his reasons
for voting for or against the motion, nor could he
now state in what precise form the proposition
came up. But he would state this, if the gentleman
wished to know: he was acquainted with his (Mr.
A.'s) individual opinions—everybody knew them.
He would state that he believed a majority of that
Convention coming (as that majority did) from the
free States, were in favor of the principles of the
Wilmot proviso. He staled it as a matter of belief
and of fact; he did not state it in reference to any
action of that Convention, because, although they
held individual opinions upon the subject, he did
not consider them an essential part of their pro-
ceedings. He thought, however, they were in
favor of the Wilmot proviso, as General Cass was
two years ago, because he came from the latitude
where it was thought proper; and if he (General
Cass) had changed since, would the gentleman tell
him why?
Mr. COBB replied, if General Cass had enter-
tained the opinion ascribed to him, and had changed
since that time, the reason was to be found in the
course pursued by every honest man, who, when
the conviction was made on his mind that he was
wrong, changed the position which he had erro-
neously taken. But gentlemen on the other side,
he knew, could not appreciate such a course.
[Laughter.] That, however, was not his fault.
It was for him to lay the truth before them—not
to give them the intellect and heart to appreciate
it. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ASHMUN asked the gentleman if he did
not believe that a majority of the Baltimore Con-
vention were then, and were at this time, in favor
of the Wilmot proviso? He asked the gentleman,
further, if the Oregon bill passed the Senate and
this House with the Wilmot proviso in it, if he
believed that General Cass, if elected President,
would veto it? He wanted the question answered
the face of the world.
Mr. COBB asked why the gentleman put the
|j question in reference to the Oregon bill? He (Mr.
'j Cobb) himself had voted at the last session of
Congress for that bill with this very proposition
in it, and had been willing that it should pass in
that form, because the Territory was north of 36°
30'. He was then in favor of it. He thought,
and southern Democrats generally who voted for
it thought, that this provision ought not to have
been there; that it was an unconstitutional exercise
of power; but when, as in that case, it was not a
practical question, he, for one, was not willing to
deny to the people of Oregon a government on an
abstract objection.
Mr. ASHMUN asked if he was to understand
the gentleman to state that the insertion of that
proviso in the Oregon bill was an unconstitutional
exercise of power on the part of this House, and
yet that he had voted for it?
! Mr. COBB had stated what he had said at the
' time, both in this House and before his people,
j He had voted against the proposition which was
i made to insert that proviso, and had sustained the
j effort which was made to take it out of the bill—
looking upon it there as merely nugatory and void.
But, that effort beins unsuccessful, he had given
his vote for the bill, not being willing to withhold
from the people of Oregon the benefit of a govern-
ment. In connection with the Oregon bill, the
Wilmot proviso was not a vital question; still, it
ought not to have been attached to it. But m ref-
erence to the question propounded by the gentle-
man about the Baltimoie Convention, he unhesi-
tatingly declared that he did not for a moment
entertain the belief that the majority of that Con-
vention were favorable to the Wilmot proviso.
That there might have been members who were,
he was free to admit.
Mr. GAYLE asked if the attempt was not made
I in the Philadelphia Convention to adopt the Wil-
li mot proviso, and if it did not fail?
Mr. COBB replied that that very question had
|j been propounded by the gentleman's colleague
j; [Mr. Hilliard] some moments since, and had
i1 been answered by him. He would refer the gen-
ii tleman to that answer. .
!' But he wished the point not to be lost sight or.
i He was discussing the question of platforms, and
■ i had instanced the case of the Philadelphia Oonven-
1' tion as illustrative of his argument, to show why
| the Whig party could not, or would not, lay down
i' a£foASHM{JJNT reminded the gentleman that
II he had not yet answered the question whether
11 General Cass, if elected, would veto the Wilmot
