890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
proviso. Would the gentleman answer it before
the country?
Mr. COBB remarked that the gentleman seemed
very unwilling to allow him to proceed with his
course of argument. He was showing the reason
why the Whig Convention would not agree upon
a platform. He had referred to the fact that in
Georgia, and in the South, General Taylor was
supported on the ground that he would protect the
great interests of the South on the Wilraot pro-
viso, and had shown that it was attempted to in-
duce the people of Georgia to believe that the
Philadelphia Convention was against the Wilmot
proviso. He had also drawn out evidence to
show, if that effort met with success, that success
would be a fraud upon the intelligence of the people
of Ins State. While at the South General Taylor
was advocated upon the ground taken by that cor-
respondent, an'd the Whigs of the North were held
up as sounder on that question than the northern
Democracy, what were the notes which came from
the North and fell upon the ears of southern men
and of the country? Let him read a single para-
graph from a document emanating from the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
mun]—aletteraddressed by him to his constituents,
after the action of the Philadelphia Convention:
"His [General Ta> lor's] declared sentiments are a guar-
antee that he will never in the .slightest mariner interfere
with the action of Congress, when they *Tmll forbid the ex-
istence of slavery in our newly-acquired territories. Let
' the representatives of the people and of the States be left
free to act upon that question, uncontrolled by Executive
influence and Executive veto, and we are safe."
He had before him extracts from leading Whig
papers of the North, in which they declared to the
people of that> section of country, not only that
General Taylor stood pledged not to interfere by
virtue of the veto power with the regular action
of Congi ess on this subject, but that, from the
avowed sentiments of General Taylor, as express-
ed in his " Signal3' letter, he was himself opposed
to the extension of the institution of slavery. One
of the leading organs of the Whig party, now out
in warm and cordial support of General Taylor in
the city of New York, declared that the pledge
(as they read it) in the letter of General Taylor,
that he would not exercise the veto power upon
questions of domestic policy, was ample guarantee
to them; that with this " arrangement"—to use the
emphatic language of the editor—they of the North
were satisfied. Not only so, but these gentlemen
and these editors, in their anxiety to foist upon this
country an Administration which should stand as
mute and as dumb as a statue, called upon their
people to send Representatives to Congress who
would prove true to the North on this question.
Yet at the South the effort was made to induce the
people to believe that the northern Whig party
weie sounder and truer on this question than the
northern Demociacy! Would gentlemen have the
country shut their eyes to the plain reading of the
records of this Congress, and of every Congress
which had assembled during the agitation of this
question? Would they call on the people of the
South to believe thfit at this late day a sudden, un-
accountable revolution had taken place in the pub-
lic opinion of northern Whigery on this subject?
When, during the history of Congress, had the
first northern Whig voted with the South on any
of these test questions? Never. Let the records
bear evidence to the truth or falsity of his state-
ment. Read the history of the Wilmot proviso
in past Congresses, and in this one. There was
the evidence.
Not many days ago, in the Senate of the United
States, a resolution had been introduced to instruct
a committee of that body to report a bill for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
The vote might have been an accidental one; it
was certainly a strange one: there were six votes
in its favoi, and all of them northern Whigs, in-
cluding Mr. Hale. There was not a northern
Whig who voted against it, not a northern Demo-
crat who voted for it. The records spoke volumes
of truth; would his southern friends turn a deaf
ear ?
General Taylor's position in reference to the
Whig party was a peculrar one. It was one which
the people of this country would examine with
more scrutiny, more anxiety to arrive at the truth
than gentlemen seemed at present to anticipate. A
man who had responded atone time to a Native
American nomination—the first that was made—
and to every nomination that had brought him be-
fore the country as a candidate for the Presidency,
in approving terms—a man who stood pledged
under his own sign manual to be the candidate of
the people, and so to remain, and not the candidate
of a party, and yet who, during the Philadelphia
Convention, was authoritatively placed at the dis-
posal of the Whig party—a man who had declared
at one time that he would avow no principles 
Here the hammer fell, and the hour expired.
Mr. FLOURNOY obtained the floor, and yield-
ed it for a moment to
Mr. BAYLY, who said he had been informed
that his friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] whose
argument he regretted he had not heard, for the
reason that he had expected the House would this
morning take up private bills, had represented him
(Mr. Bayly) as maintaining upon this floor that
there was sovereignty in the Territory, and that its
inhabitants had the right to abolish slavery therein.
He rose to correct the gentleman, and to state the
fact that that was a question which he had not dis-
cussed in his speech at all, in reference to which
he had not expressed any opinion, much less had
made an argument.
Mr. FLOURNOY then obtained the floor, and
spoke through one-third of his hour on the subject
of the Wilmot proviso and the position of parties
thereon; when he gave way to
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, on whose motion
the committee rose and reported progress.
[The above speeches will be given m the Ap-
pendix.]
On motion ofMr. WOODWARD, the Commit-
tee of Claims were discharged from the bill of the
Senate for the relief of Stalker & Hill; and said
bill was returned to the Senate in compliance with
their request.
On motion of Mr. FARAN, the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to amend an act supplemental
to an act entitled " An act providing for the prose-
cution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and for other
purposes," were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the mlu, and referred:
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of Mrs. Mary Flowers,
of Lawrence county, Ilhnoi-, piaying that she ma.y be per-
mitted to purchase at the Government price that portion of
the sixteenth >ection on which she resides.
By Mr. VVENTVVORTH: The petition of citizens of
Jackson precinct, in Kane county, lor a mail route from
Dundee, via Jackson precinct, to Marengo.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 1, 1848.
The motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
to print ten thousand extra copies of the Chicago
memorial, was taken up, and decided in the nega-
tive: Ayes 15, noes 16.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Mh'litary
Affairs, moved the discharge of that committee
from a number of private petitions, &c.; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committeeon Military
Affairs, reported the act from the House of Rep-
resentatives lepealing the proviso to the act which
required the President to reduce the generals to one
major general and two brigadiers at the end of the
war. %
Mr. B. explained the nature of fhe act from the
House, and of the amendments proposed to it, and,
as it was necessary for Congress to act upon the
subject before the proclamation of peace—an event
now to be daily looked for — he would ask for
the immediate consideration of the act and amend-
ments.
The immediate consideration was ordered.
Mr. BENTON said, at the commencement of
the war, the number of generals in the regular army
was increased from three to six—from one major
general and two brigadiers to two major generals
and four brigadiers—and directed the President, at
the termination of the war, to reduce the number
to that from which it was raised. The act from
the House repealed the clause which imposed this
duty of reduction upon the President. The Mili-
tary Committee of the Senate proposed to suspend
instead of repeal that clause, and make the suspen-
sion continue until the fourth day of March next,
in order to give time for organizing a suitable and
permanent peace establishment, providing, at the
same time, tnat no vacancy which inay occur among
the generals shall be filled up.
The committee also recommend, as a further
amendment to the act from the House, a second
section, to provide in the same manner for the tem-
porary retention of other officers by suspending
until the same day (fourth of March next) the pro-
visions of the existing laws which would discharge
them on the day of the proclamation of peace.
These officers were the second majors attached to
regiments during the war, and certain staff officers,
quartermasters, paymasters, surgeons, &c., all of
whom were enumerated in the section proposed.
The public service and justice to individuals re-
quired, in the opinion of the committee, these classes
of officers to be temporarily retained. The second
or additional majors would be thrown out of the
line of their profession and unjustly disbanded, if
not now provided for. It was the opinion of the
committee that they should be retained as they
were; but, as in a permanent peace establishment,
it would not be advisable to keep up two majors to
a regiment, it was the opinion of the committee
that vacancies among such majors should not be
filled up, and thus leave the reduction of these ad-
ditional majors to be effected by promotions and
other casualties of the service. The same provis-
ion applies to thestaff officersnamedin the section.
The provisions of the acts which would disband
them are suspended until the fourth of March next,
vacancies in the mean time not to be filled up. The
services of these officers are deemed necessary for
some time to come.
The third section recommended to the act is to
allow three months' extra pay to the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, "and privates,
who have served'in the war with.Mexico,and who
have served out the term of their engagement or
been honorably discharged, or may be so dis-
charged. The provision 4s to include all who
served out the term of their engagement, or were
honorably discharged from it, whether for the
whole war or for twelve months, or for a special
service. The committee deem this allowance of
extra pay just in itself and conformable to the
usage of the Government, being the same that was
allowed to officers at the conclusion of the late war
with Great Britain, and less than was allowed
them at the close of the revolutionary war. It is
but a small indemnity for loss of time, interruption
of business, expenses, &c., incident to the change
of life from the military life to civil pursuits. The
present provision only differs from those referred
to in giving the same extra pay to the non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, as is
allowed to the officers, the principle being the
same in both cases. It is the pay alone, and not
pay and emoluments, which is thus given.
Mr. B. asked that the amendments might be
ordered to be engrossed; which motion having
been agreed to, the bill was read a third time, by
unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said, that in con-
sequence of an impression which had been made
on the mind of the officer who had participated in
the raising of the flag which he had some time
since presented to the Senate, on the palace of
Mexico, because the report which accompanied
the flag when it was sent to General Twiggs had
not also been laid before the Senate, he now sub-
mitted that report, and moved that it be read and
p rm ted.
The report having been read—
Mr. FOOTE complained that he had not been
consulted by his colleague before he presented the
flag. There was an impression among the friends
of Major General Quitman, that injustice had been
done to him, by the total suppression of his name
m the remarks which his colleague had made on in-
troducing the flag. He had intended, however, to
let the matter rest, and he would have done so but
for the revival of the subject this morning. With-
out intending the slightest disrespect to General
I Twiggs, he thought he should not be doing
! his duty, if he permitted the name of General
I Quitman, who had ordered the flag to be raised,
! and who was a distinguished son of Mississippi,
j to be silently passed over. He had in his posses-
sion documentary evidence on this point, which
j he hoped to be able at an early period to submit
i to the Senate, in order that justice should be done
! to all on the official records of this body,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, expressed himself
