892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
should now lay the bill aside informally, and take
up and dispose of the Post Office and the Indian
appropriation bills, which had been returned from
the Senate with amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] intended to
avail himself of his privilege to speak on the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill? If so, he had
better proceed now.
Mr. VINTON said he had listened very atten-
tively to the debate, but he had heard nothing that
called upon him for an answer. He did not, there-
fore, propose to avail himself of his privilege.
Mr. RHETT inquired, if the committee should
agree to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
whether the civil and diplomatic bill would not
lose its place?
A conversation ensued; but ultimately the civil
and diplomatic bill was laid aside by common con-
sent.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then took up the bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1849, and
the amendments of the Senate thereto.
The first amendment of the Senate was read. It
reduces the appropriation for the transportation of
the mails within the United States from $2,540,700
to $2,495,700, (reduction $45,000,) and appropri-
ates §45,000 for the transportation of the mail be-
tween Charleston, South Carolina, and Havana, in
steam vessels, to touch at Savannah and Key West,
and $5,000 for the employment of smaller steam
vessels to furnish mail facilities to such places on
the coast of Florida as the Postmaster General
shall think proper.
Mr. BIRDSALL obtained the floor, and inquired
if the House was not now in Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative;
but he intimated to the gentleman from New York
that the debate must be limited to the pending
question, which was one of concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired on what
principle the Chair made this decision ? The
House was now in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and, consequently, they
were in precisely the same position that they were
half an hour ago, with the exception that they had
before them a different bill. He could not see,
therefore, on what principle the gentleman from
New York was to be so restricted that he could
not go into a party discussion, which had been
going on here for some days.
The CHAIRMAN intimated that debate was
not in order unless the gentleman appealed.
Mr. JONES took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Some conversation ensued thereon, in which
Messrs. EVANS, JONES, VINTON, SIMS,and
others took part.
The decision of the Chair was then sustained by
a vote of 77 to 44.
Mr. VINTON made some brief explanations of
the amendments made by the Senate, and the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means to concur therein.
After a few words from Mr. POLLOCK—
The question on the amendment was divided,
and was first put on the first branch, viz: To re-
duce the amount from §2,540,700 to $2,495,700.
It was agreed to.
The question being on the second branch of the
amendment—
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, explained
the provisions of the law of last Congress, and the
action of the Postmaster General in making the
contract. He argued that he was sustained by
the spirit of the law in entering into the contract,
and briefly and warmly urged the importance and
the justice of the appropriation, the faith of the
Government being pledged to the contract, as he
contended.
Mr. FICKLIN called for the reading of the let-
ter of the Postmaster General on this subject; but
it was not in the House. He briefly opposed the
appropriation. He answered the argument of the
faith of the Government being pledged, by stating
that the contract was made expressly subject to
the action of Congress in the premises.
Mr. POLLOCK stated that the company had
already gone on to construct vessels.
Mr. FICKLIN replied, if they had done so, they
had done it at their peril, and had no claim upon
Congress. He urged that the House should stand
by its deliberate decision against the appropriation
made when the subject was formerly under con-
sideration, and that this spirit of growing expendi-
tures should be arrested.
Mr. RHETT admitted with the Postmaster
General that the mail might be conveyed without
the employment of steamers between Charleston
and Havana, but urged that it would be inadequate
to meet the wants of the community and the in-
terests of the country, as well as behind the spirit
of the age. He replied to Mr. Ficklin's objection
on the ground of economy, that it was a measure
intended to subserve two purposes: the transmis-
sion of the mail and the keeping up of the navy,
and that the argument was not valid unless the
navy itself should be abolished for the sake of
economy.
The debate was continued by Mr. HOUSTON,
of Alabama, and when he concluded, the commit-
tee rose and reported progress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked leave to offer
a resolution calling on the President to furnish the
House with a statement of all moneys paid Gen-
eral Cass and General Taylor, since their entrance
into the public service, whether for regular or ex-
tra services. Objected to.
Mr. JONES moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of offering the resolution.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 3, 1848.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the credentials
of Mr. Thomas Metcalfe, appointed a Senator
by the Governor of the State of Kentucky, to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Jtfhn J. Crittenden.
Mr. Metcalfe, after having been duly qualified,
took his seat.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. N1LES presented a petition from citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of postage
and discontinuance ot the franking privilege; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. TURINEY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Tennessee, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Smithville to Batton's Store, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Finance,
reported House bill for the relief of the Red Ri\er
Railroad Company, with a recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported an act to extend an act entitled
" An act providing for the adjustment of all the
suspended preemption land claims in the several
Slates and Territories," approved August 3,1840;
winch was read a first time.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made a
repot t recommending the printing of two thousand
additional copics of David Dale Owen's geological
reconnoissance of the Chippewa land district of
Wisconsin and the northern part of Iowa.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill allowing exchanges of
and granting additional school lands in the State
of Arkansas, accompamed'by a report; which was
read a first time.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of
the legal lepresentatives of Joshua Kennedy, de-
ceased, without amendment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an unfavorable report on the
several petitions of settlers and claimants to the
reservation of land in the county of Lee, Iowa,
accompanied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The joint resolution from the House fixing the
time of adjournment on the 17th instant was taken
up; the question being on the motion of Mr. Badg-
er to amend the resolution, by adding a provision
that the next session of Congress shall commence
on the second Monday in November next.
Mr. MANGUM referred to the extended and
desultory range which the discussion on this reso-
lution had taken, and reminded the Senate that the
debate Jiad been fastened on him personally, leav-
ing him, the most humble of the members of this
body, no alternative but to enter into it. He re-
gretted that the Senator from Mississippi, who had
provoked certain questions from him, was not now >
present. That Senator had propounded certain
questions relating to the course of General Taylor.
He now desired to ask a question respecting Gen-
eral Cass's views on internal improvement, and the
western lakes and harbors. He had already re-
ferred to the subject, and had been told that his
sentiments were imbodied in a certain letter to an
individual. He was desirous, however, to avail
himself of the latest edition of his opinions. He
would now state it to be his belief that General
Cass stood nowhere on the question of slavery.
His course leaves the question unsettled one way
or the other, and this he proposed to show.
In the first place, he stated that General Cass
had evaded the general issue, and left us in the
dark as to his real opinions. On the subject of the
course of General Cass as to the Wilmot proviso,
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] had.
already cast some light. When the two-million
bill came up, General Cass was opposed to it-^not
from any change of principle, but because he
thought it out of place. The next item was the
letter of General Cass to Mr. Nicholson, in which
he asserts that Congress has no power to interfere
with slavery in the States. On that point, al! the
Senators are agreed, not excepting the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] The next
point is, that General Cass is of opinion that Con-
gress cannot touch slavery in the Territories.
General Cass leaves the whole matter to the Ter-
ritories, and to the people of the Territories, to be
disposed of by any regulations they may make
not inconsistent with the Constitution, fie went
into an examination of this point, and asked how
it could be applied to California, made up of a
mixed race, without a single white man. The
population of New Mexico is the most degraded
•of any population in Mexico. Yet these are the
people on whom will devolve the right of selecting
representatives. Suppose New Mexico should
select slavery: General Cass, according to his
principles, avowed in his letter, must veto it. He
is commuted by his letters neither to accept nor
reject any bill on the subject from the people of a
Territory. His object in making this point was,
to reply to those who said General Taylor had no
avowed opinions on the subject, that, on the same
subject, General Cass stood nowhere.
He referred to the platform laid down by the
Baltimore Convention, and the cordial and full
recognition of the principles here laid down, by
General Cass. In the seventh canon of this plat-
form, it is laid down that Congress has no right to
interfere with the domestic institutions of a State.
This was a copy of the canon of the Baltimore
Convention of 1844, and that was a copy of the
canon of the Baltimore Convention of 1840. He
quoted resolutions introduced by Mr. Campbell in
1844, from which the canons of the Democratic
platform on the subjects of internal improvements
and slavery were taken, word for word. He sug-
gested that this explanation showed the claim
which the Democratic party had to the gratitude
even of their own party for their originality and
! their regard for the country. He adverted to the
i Journal, to show that almost every Whig voted to
; sustain these resolutions.
Mr. FOOTE asked if the Whigs generally did
! not vote for the tariff in 1842, and if they did not
! make a change in their basis of 1844?
j Mr. MANGUM said he believed the Whigs
\\ generally did vote for the tariff of 1842, although
it was not the geneial bill. He did not approve
I of the tariff of 1842, and he voted against it.
] Mr. FOOTE asked if the tariff of 1842 was not
i the issue at the Presidential election of 1844?
i Mr. MANGUM said it was made the issue at
the Presidential election in most of the Slates. He
I adverted to the spring which had been given to our
! industry and prosperity by the tariff of 1842. He
went on to read the second resolution of the plat-
: form, and its history. He named with some em-
, phasis some of the individuals—Mr. Preston King
! and others—who had voted for this resolution,and
' asserted that the platform was constructed of prin-
j ciples which no one would deny.
1 General Cass had taken his stand on this plat-
