1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Simpson]
dissenting: from these resolutions.
He wished to call the attention of the House for
a moment to the true character of the resolutions
as they had been commented upon by the gentle-
man from Michigan.
Mr. TURNER inquired if the resolutions had
been printed?
Mr. HUNT replied that they had, but not by
the order of the House.
Mr. TURNER hoped, then, that the gentleman
would allow them to be referred, or at least post-
poned, until they could be examined by all.
Mr. RHETT said, if the gentleman would agree
to refer them to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and fix any day on which
they should come up, they would be perfectly
ready to meet them.
Mr. HUNT replied that the gentleman from
South Carolina would recollect that these resolu-
tions had been reported two weeks ago, and that
his colleague [Mr. Sims] had at that time got the
floor, and they had gone over until this morning.
They had been printed in the papers of the city,
and he could not suppose it was necessary to take
up any further time for gentlemen to prepare to
vote.
Mr. LAIiM inquired, in case the previous ques-
tion were moved and seconded, if it would be in
order to call for a division so as to vote upoij the
resolutions separately?
Mr. HUNT. Undoubtedly.
Mr. LAHM said there were two for which he
would vote.
Mr. HUNT proceeded to say that the first reso-
lution declared the power of Congress to make
improvements of harbors and rivers in all cases
where they were " necessary to the protection and
facility of commerce with foreign nations or the
commerce among the States." It was a general
declaration of that power, in specific and precise
phraseology, which bethought could not be ques-
tioned. He believed every gentleman had made
up his mind on that point.
Mr. PARAN wished to he allowed, while the
gentleman was on the first resolution, to put to him
one question. That resolution declared that the
power of Congress extended to all cases where it
was necessary to facilitate commerce among the
States. He wished to ask the gentleman whether
he understood the resolution to extend to cases of
a local and not purely of a national character?
Mr. HUNT replied that every gentleman would
judge for himself of the extent of the power granted
to Congress by the Constitution to regulate com-
merce among the States. In his opinion, the
power extended to all cases where it was necessary
to protect commerce among the States, whether
the rivers were large or small, but it did not extend
to purely local works.
As to the duty of this Government to exercise
this power, there was a difference of opinion; but
he believed there was a majority of the House,
and of the country, who were prepared to declaie
their opinions in favor of this also. But he would
not take up the time of the House.
He had a single word to say in reference to the
third resolution, which had been objected to by
the gentleman from Michigan, on the ground that
it was disrespectful to the President of the United
States. It would be remembered, that at the open-
ing of the session, the President had thought it his
duty to send a message to this House, with the
bill passed by the last Congress, containing his
reasons for refusing to give his assent to that bill.
It could not have been supposed by the President
that this Congress would take any action on that
specific bill; there was an end of it, and the power
of Congress was exhausted when the President
had refused his assent to the bill; and the only
object in sending it here was, to make up an issue
with Congress, and (if anything was hoped to be
secured) to control the action of Congress. That
message had been referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and for what purpose? According to
the view taken by the committee, it was incumbent
on them to expiess, in proper form, their dissent
jium the message; and the resolution simply de-
clared that the reasons assigned by the President
were insufficient and unsatisfactory. The Com-
mittee on Commerce felt them to be unsatisfactory.
He believed they were unsatisfactory, not only to
Congress, but the country; and he thought, upon
a subject of such magnitude, when the President
had gone out of his way to proclaim in advance
that he would not give his assent to any measure
which might be adopted for the protection of our
national commerce, that it was not only proper on
the part of Congress, but that it was eminently
due to themselves and the country to declare then-
sentiments; that it was due to the importance of
the subject; due to the public opinion of the coun-
try; and he thought they would fall short of that
duty if they failed to record, in unequivocal terms,
that the judgment of the President, as to the consti-
tutional power of the Goverment, and the objec-
tions he had assigned to the exercise of that power,
were not satisfactory, and would not control the
action of Congress.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, remarked that the
President of the United States never hesitated to
declare his opinions of the action of Congress, and
that he or his friends did not consider that disre-
spectful, even when done with thejlirect view to
influence the action of Congress.
Mr. HUNT said it was quite as respectful for
Congress to express their opinion upon the mes-
sage of the President which had been communi-
cated to them, as it was for the President in ad-
vance to advise Congress of what his action would
be.
As to the fourth resolution, he entirely agreed
with the gentleman from Michigan, that it was
entirely within the power of Congress to give its
assent to the imposition of tonnage duties by any
State. That power was given in express terms
by the Constitution. But in his opinion—and
that was the conclusion of the Committee on Com-
merce—it was not within the meaning and intent
of the Constitution that Congress should give its
assent in general terms, in advance, to any law a
State might pass. Such a course would virtually
abrogate that clause of the Constitution which
declared that Congress should give its'assent and
surrender up the whole power over tonnage du-
ties to the States without prohibition. The clause
of the Constitution which conferred this power
was:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, Jay any
duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of war in time of peace,
enter into an agreement or compact with another State, or
with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless actually in-
vaded, or in such imminentdanger as will not admit of de-
lay."
These several powers stood on the same footing,
and were grouped together under the same clause
of the Constitution. What sort of a proposition
would it be to give the consent of Congress in ad-
vance to any State to engage in war or enter into
a treaty with a foreign Power >
Mr. McCLELLAND wished to ask the gentle-
man whether any agreement or contract with an-
other State, or with a foreign Power, could be en-
tered into by a State previous to obtaining the
consent of Congress?
Mr. HUNT replied, Certainly not. The prac-
tice always had been for the States to make their
agreements, and then submit them specifically to
the sanction of Congress that they might know,
when they gave their assent, what they gave their
assent to. The practice with reference to tonnage
duties had been the same, for several States, time
after time, had passed laws to impose tonnage du-
ties.
Mr. McCLELLAND admitted that was the
proper course, and all the precedents went to show
that was the course which had heretofore been pur-
sued. But at the same time there was nothing in
that clause which went to show that Congress had
not the power, if they pleased to exercise it, to
give their consent to the States to impose tonnage
duties, previous to any action by the State upon
the subject.
Mr. HUNT said his own opinion was, that it
would not be a legitimate and proper exercise of
the power of Congress to give its consent in ad-
vance to the imposition of tonnage duties by a
State. But he was not tenacious as to the precise
phraseology of the resolution. If the gentleman
objected to that part which declared it to be con-
trary to the principles of the Constitution, he
would give way to enable him to ofiei an amend-
ment, and submit the question to the sense of the
Hou^e.
Mr. RHETT, in reference to the remark that
all the precedents went to show that Congress had
never in anticipation given its consent to the impo-
sition of tonnage duties by the States,asked wheth-
er the law authorizing the State of Georgia to lay
tonnage duties for the improvement of the harbor
of Savannah did not give the consent of Congress
in advance of the action of the State?
Mr. HUNT thought in that particular instance
the gentleman was correct, although in other cases
the law had previously been passed by the State
of Georgia, and submitted to the sanction of Con-
gress.
Mr. RHETT asked whether the Senate had not
given its consent to treaties in anticipation of their
being made? And had anybody ever said that
was unconstitutional?
Mr. HUNT replied that they always knew
what the treaty was. They had never given their
assent in general terms to a treaty of which they
knew nothing.
^Mr. RHETT Said thegentleman was mistaken.
The Senate had put down terms not in the treaty,
and the other party had come up to them. The
treaty with Mexico, which had now gone into
effect, was an instance.
Mr. HUNT was not aware that the Senate in
any instance had given their assent to the forma-
tion of a treaty without at the same time having
indicated to them the specific terms and principles
imbodied in the treaty. But he was not tenacious
as to the terms of the resolution, and was willing
that it should be modified to meet the objection
raised.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, desired to
ask thegentleman from New York a question. His
second resolution affirmed the right to make the
appropriation of money mentioned m the first reso-
lution under the constitutional power to regulate
commerce, as well as the power to legislate for the
" common defence and general welfare under
which clause did thegentleman claim the power?
Mr. HUNT replied that the gentleman was un-
deran evident misapprehension. The second reso-
lution affirms nothing as to the origin of the power
of Congress. The existence of the power is as-
serted in tjie first resolution, and it is derived ex-
clusively from the authority to regulate commerce
with foreign nations and among the States. The
second resolution may be regarded as a corollary
from the first. It simply asserts the expediency
and necessity of a judicious exercise of the power.
The authority is not claimed under the general
clause to which the gentleman objects. We con-
tend that the common defence ana general welfare
of the country require the exercise of the consti-
tutional power, and the gentleman must determine
for himself whether he will make an issue "on that
proposition.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would vote for the
first resolution, and against the second, because he
believed the power to make the grant was to be
found under the constitutional power to regulate
commerce, and only there. He would not lose
the exercise of any such power under these ex-
pressions of "common defence and general wel-
fare."
The third resolution he would not vote for. It
could tend to no useful purpose. We could dis-
charge our duty without the necessity of making
this expression against the message of December
last of the President*
As to the fourth resolution, he was opposed to
it. He believed it constitutional, and that tonnage
duties might be imposed. Where vessels and
boats paid no taxes for State purposes, it might be
a most proper exercise of legislative duty under a
clear constitutional power to levy such duties, if
the States should feet disposed to do so. He was
opposed to this resolution, which denied the con-
stitutional right to assent in advance that they
might be laid.
Mr. HUNT would move to amend the fourth
resolution by striking out the words " and con-
ii trary to the principles of the Constitution. He
|j would also propose to amend the fifth resolu-
jl tion, but, being informed by the Speaker that but
j| one amendment was in order at a time, waived the
l| latter amendment; and, remarking that he believed
;i there was no necessity for further debate in order
to an enlightened and deliberate expression of the
l! opinions of this House upon the subject, demand-
ed the previous question, . , i ,
;! Mr. C. J- INGERSOLL inquired if the resolu-
j; tions could be divided, so as to take a sepaiate
vote on each ? .
!i The SPEAKER replied that they could, afur
]! the previous question was seconded.
|| Mr. C. J, INGERSOLL. That is all I want.
