1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
are sanctioned, among which is this law prohibit-
ing involuntary servitude in the Territory, or in
other words, prohibilingthe introduction of slavery
into that Territory. It becomes lis to uncover
this act, and to defeat it. Our object should be
to defeat the recommendation of the committee.
Should this measure succeed, and slavery be pro-
hibited, itwill.be in derogation of the spirit and
letter of the Constitution.
He referred to the prevailing disposition to
make the construction of the Constitution a mere
struggle for power, and predicted the most ca-
lamitous results from a continuance of such a
course. He went into the history of the intro-
duction of the .provision concerning slavery into
the Constitution, to show that in the form in
which it was adopted, it was adopted by the aid
of three New England States; the two-thirds vote
being inserted for an equivalent. He complained
of the course of some of the northern States which
had refused the use of their jails for the security of
fugitive slaves, which he regarded as a violation
of the Constitution; while he denied that any
southern State had evinced the slightest disposi-
tion to violate the mutual compact between the
North and South. He contrasted the legislation
of the northern States with regard to other fugi-
tives from justice, with that practised in relation
to fugitive slaves. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Phelps] had assailed what he termed slave
power. He desired to know what was intended
by the phrase ? He wished Senators to use in-
telligible terms. What he called the slave power,
was nothing more than the representative weight
given to the South for ample equivalents. He
warned northern Senators to be cautious in as-
sailing this representative weight. It required but
a torch to set the whole South in a blaze. The
South had made great concessions, and entered
into a compromise, in the expectation that the
question would thus be settled forever. But now
there appears to be a disposition, on the first oc-
casion presented by the acquisition of new terri-
tory, to violate the compromise. Should this
spirit influence the legislation of Congress, when
the Object shall come up relating to the estab-
lishment of Territorial Governments in California
and New Mexico, he warned Senators of the con-
sequences.
The ordinance of 1787 was a compact formed
between the United States Government and the
people in possession of the Northwest Territory,
before the Constitution was formed. The history
of that ordinance is shrouded in secrecy, as the
journals were not made public. But it is well
known that there was much conflict. The item
concerning slavery was the result of compromise.
Under the Articles of Confederation, most of the
States were large importers of slaves, and, having
an immense territory under their control, they lim-
ited the territory within which slavery should be
permitted to exist. This will account for the in-
troduction of the slave clause in the ordinance of
1787. He recited some of the difficulties which
stood in the way of the perfection of the ordi-
nance. Some States came into the measure with
difficulty, and some with a protest. He read
several extracts from the papers "before him, to
show the various action of the States on the sub-
ject. The course of New York in 1780 he con-
trasted with the course of her able representative
on this floor [Mr. Dix] now. Virginia never
would have keen a party to that compact, never
would have made the cession she did, had she sup-
posed her right to extend her population whither
she would, would have been denied. Slaves form
a great part of the property of the South, and are a
considerable element of her political power; and
he asked, by what authority was this property to
be touched and interfered with by the General
Government? Legislative discretion he regarded
as limited by the object of the trust committed to
it; and it did not extend to any interference with
the question of slavery. There were States who
did not regard the slave as a trust, as he was de-
fined to be by the Senator from Vermont, but as a
real property, which the owner, under the sanc-
tions of the Constitution, may take where he
pleases. There are now three millions of slaves
penned up in the slave States, and they are an
increasing population, increasing faster than the
whites. And are the slaves to be always confined
within what may be deemed their prison States?
He referred to the attempt to settle the manumitted
slaves of John Randolph on lands purchased for
that purpose in the State of Ohio, when they were
forcibly driven off, to show the character of the
humanity which was professed by the anti-slavery
party.
That a slave was not property, but a mere inci-
dent to a domestic relation, as was asserted by the
Senator from Vermont, he entirely denied. The
slave was property under the construction of the
common law. The first slave who landed oil our
shores brought his condition with him, and it was
recognized by the colonial laws. That condition
was, that he was the substantial property of his
master—not temporarily, as in the case of master '
and apprentice, but for life. Writers have de- I
scribed him, not as an incident to a domestic rela- •
tion, but as an incident to the right of conquest, i
What forms may be thrown round him by con- j
vention or by law, is another question. In Africa, I
they are either taken in battle or sold by parents; j
but they are in bondage—perpetual bondage; and
this condition they bring with them here, and it is
recognized by our laws. The first slaves were ;
brought to Virginia in 1620 by a Dutch vessel,
and were sold as merchandise; and this was done
with the knowledge and permission of the British
Crown. This proves that it requires no special
legislation to institute slavery, but it must require
a special'law to abolish it. He denied the propo- j
sition that when-a slave enters a free State, where ;
there is no such domestic relation, he becomes free,
on this ground, that the relation cannot be abol- :
ished without a special law. There was no law, ,
originating under the present Constitution, until
1820, which interfered with the right of the owner ;
of a slave to carry his property with him into any i
of the States of the Union. Congress had never
undertaken anything more than to regulate the
subject in the admission of any new territory.
He then remarked on the party lines which had
been drawn between the slaveholding and non-
slaveholding States, lamenting their existence, and
predicting the most fatal catastrophe, should they
continue to operate. The election of a President
was a question greatly inferior to that which was
now agitating the Union.
Mr: JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved that the
further consideration of the bill be passed over in-
formally until to-morrow, which was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for the ;
year ending June 30, 1849, as amended by the j
Committe^on Finance. „ ^ ,
An amendment of the committee, striking out i
a clause appropriating $7,500 for the furnishing of .
the marine hospital at New Orleans, led to consid- \
erable discussion, in which it was contended on j
the one side that the appropriation was out of
place in this bill, and that the introduction of for-
eign matter was a bad precedent; on the other
side, the necessity of passing the appropriation
was urged, because, as every one was satisfied
that the furniture must be bought, a mere differ- i
ence as to the shape in which the money should
be granted ought not to be urged to the defeat of
the appropriation. ;
Messrs. ATHERTON, JOHNSON of Louisi-
ana, DAVIS of Mississippi, PHELPS, BREESE, '
UNDERWOOD, DAVIS of Massachusetts, BEN- :
TON, DOWNS, SEBASTIAN, WESTCOTT, !
BORLAND, STURGEON, and BADGER, took
part in this debate; when the bill was laid aside
until to-morrow.
[Mr. BREESE said: It appears from the argu-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. PiiELrs,]
that the objections which they entertain to these
appropriations are wholly technical. They have
not attacked the objects; they have not said they
were not important; but, conceding that point, they
insist that they are out of place; that they should
not be in the naval appropriation bill, as the marine
hospitals were under the charge of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Mr. B. said that was true. They
are under the"charge of the Treasury, but that did
not furnish a valid objection to the place in which
the appropriation is now found. These hospitals
(Mr. B. said) had all, save one, been estimated for
as far back as 1837. Some of them are in a course
of being erected, and the sites of others purchased
by the Government. The site at Chicago is owned
by the Government, and although no estimates are
made for that, the reason of the omission is found
in the fact, that in 1837 Lake Michigan had no
commerce. Now, many thousand seamen are em-
ployed upon it, exposed to sickness, and requiring
shelter, medicine, and care.
tytr. B. said he did not see the propriety of stri-
king them out of this bill; and he warned the Sen-
ators who were interested in them, if they are
stricken out, no appropriation will be made for
them this session. And if they are in the wrong
place, he said, It was better, in his opinion, that
they should be in a wrong place rather than in no
place at all, and hoped the Senate would retain the
appropriations where they are found, coming as
they do from the House holding the purse-strings
of the nation.]
A message from the President of the United
StEjjes was received, communicating copies of the
treaty of peace; which was read, and five thousand
copies of the same ordered to be printed for the use
of the Senate. [For message, see House proceed-
ings.]
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the different
parts be referred to the appropriate committees;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT offered a resolution that so
much of the message as relates to the organization
of Territories be referred to a select committee of
seven, to be balloted for; which lies over.
Mr. BUTLER moved to increase the number
of the Committee on the Territories to seven.
This led to some debate, in which Messrs. BUT-
LER, BREESE, WESTCOTT, ATCHISON,
and others, participated; when—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
Senate adjourn; oh which motion Mr. RUSK de-
manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
when the vote stood as follows:
YE VS—Mpssck. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Benton,
Uradbury, Clarke, Coiwtn, 1 >ix, Felch, Fitzgerald, Greene,
Hale, Ilainlin. Johnson of Maryland, .lolmson of Louisiana,
Miller, Nilpp, Peatee, Undeiwood, and Upliam—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Butler, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Downs, Hannegnn, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis,
Mason, Rusk, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—33.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, July 7, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FULTON, by leave, moved to discharge
the Committee of the Whfjle on the state of the
Union from the bill of the Senate to extend the
provisions of the existing pension laws to enlisted
men of the ordnance corps of the United States
army, and that the same be put upon its passage.
A letter was read from the chief of the ordnance
bureau, showing the necessity of the passage of
the law
The motion to discharge the Committee of the
Whole was agreed to.
The bill was read, and amended by altering the
phraseology so as to embrace those who might
hereafter serve in the corps as well as those who
had been and are now in service.
It was then read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. BURT, by leave, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the
payment of the companies of Captains Bush, Price,
and Suasey, for military services in Florida. Read
twice and committed.
DISBANDING THE OFFICERS OF THE AEMT.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House to amend the
act entitled "An act supplemental to an act entitled
'An act providing for the prosecution of the
existin" war between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes,"'
reported the same back to the House with amend-
ments. . , _
This bill relates to the disbanding of the officers
of the army at the close of the war with Mexico.
The amendment of the Senate postpones the ex-
ecution of the bill until the 4th of March, 1849.
On motion of Mr. BOTTS, the House proceed-
ed to the consideration of the said bill and amend-
""mt.'JONES, of Tennessee, was opposed both
to the bill and to the amendments. He was op-
posed to continuing these officers in the service.
