906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
notice that he should call it up during the morning
hour on the first appropriate occasion. He desired
to have a vote without debate, as he presumed that
all the Senators had made up their minds upon the
subject. He expressed the opinion that a careful
examination of the bill would do more to make it
better understood than any debate.
EXTRA ALLOWANCE TO PAYMASTERS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill concerning the pay department
of the army.
This bill authorizes the Paymaster General to
allow those paymasters who have been employed
in the payment of volunteers during the war with
Mexico a commission not exceeding Wie-half of
one per cent, on all sums disbursed, as he shall
deem reasonable, for the risk and labor attending
such service, provided'"the same shall not exceed
$1,000 per annum from the commencement to the
close of the war-, and also allowing said Paymaster
General at his discretion to allow any paymaster's
clerk, in lieu of pay now allowed by law, an an-
nual salary of $700 per annum.
Mr. Dix would be gratified if the Senate would
proceed at once to consider the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, inquired whether
the bill did not involve a new precedent, and
whether one of a similar character had been intro-
duced at the close of the preceding war.
Mr. DIX replied that he was not sure that any
bill of this character was passed at the close of the
last war; but there had been a bill similar, in prin-
ciple, at the close of what was denominated the
Black Hawk war.
Mr. JOHNSON then inquired if the Senator
from New York could give any statement of the
amount likely to be involved by the introduction
of such a bill, and what the pay allowed by law to
that class of officers at present amounted to.
Mr. DIX adverted to the fact of the arduous
duties of this class of officers, and their liability to
loss in the discharge of their trusts, to which the
best of them had been subjected. While these
officers had to be everywhere with the troops, ex-
posed to all the perils of war and climate, they ac-
tually received some eighthundred dollars less than
paymasters employed on the Atlantic seaboard,
and had actually been losers by their appointment.
The Senator would perceive from looking at the
bill that it was limited in amount, beyond which
it could not go. to wit: the half of one per Centura
on all moneys disbursed, in no instance to exceed
the sum of $1,000 per year from the time of the
war to its close.
Mr. JOHNSON asked what was thepayofthese
paymasters, setting aside the losses?
Mr. DIX said it was the pay of a major of in-
fantry.
Mr. BADGER said the Committee on Military
Affairs had been unanimously in favor of the bill,
and expressed his opinion of its entire justice.
The motion of Mr. Dix was then agreed to, and
the bill was read a third time, by unanimous con-
sent, and passed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of citizens of Rochester, New York, in behalf of
the Tonawanda band of Seneca Indians.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Warddfc
Smith; which was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Claims, reported House bill for the r^ief of Archi-
bald Beard and twenty-one other Tennessee mount-
ed volunteers, with an amendment.
Also, from the name Committee, House bill for
the relief of John W. Hockett, without amend-
ment.
Also, from the same committee, Senate bill for
the relief of Bryan Callahan.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider this bill; but, after some few words,
interposing objections to the bill, from Messrs.
UNDERWOOD and BRIGHT, it was laid on the
table for the present—ayes &0, noes not counted.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE, ETC.
Mr. ATCHISON, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend an act in relation to the payment of claims;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON, on leave, introduced a bill
to amend an act more effectually to provide for the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States, and for other purposes, approved 3d March,
1825; and an act authorizing the issue of treasury
notes or loan, and for other purposes, approved
28th January, 1847.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, desired to intro-
duce a resolution calling the attention of the Com-
mittee on Finance to what he deemed a very palpable
error in the late message pf the President, relating
to the liquidated claims of our citizens against
Mexico, calculated to be very injurious to their
interests.
The President (said Mr. J.) states in his message,
that these claims are to be liquidated by twenty equal j
annual instalments, three of which have been paid
by Mexico, and two by the United States, leaving
a million and a half unliquidated. For this un-
liquidated amount, he recommends an appropri-
ation to be made out of the treasury, without the
Issue of stock, so as to make it payable out of
the current revenue. Now, it would be seen, on
reference to the proceedings of the commissioners
in 1839, that it was agreed that the whole of these
claims, principal and interest, should be paid in
five years; and the act of 1843 confirmed their award,
the payments being by instalments every three
months, making twenty quarterly instead of an-
nual payments; so that the whole amount is due
now. The mistake of the President* was calcu-
lated to operate injuriously on the claimants, many
of whom were citizens of Maryland. He would j
therefore submit the following resolution, which
he hoped would be agreed to.
The resolution was then read and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire whatmeasures are necessary to secure the prompt
pavment of the claims of citizens of the United States which
have been liquidated and decided against the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and which are now due, and that they have leave
to report by hill or otherwise.
SALARIES'OF JUDGES.
Mr. MASON desired to introduce a resolution
directing the Committee on the Judiciary to in-
crease the salary of the judge of the western dis-
trict of Virginia. Mr. M. spoke of the great in-
crease of the duties of that office, owing to the
additional number of courts that had been estab-
lished, and their extended terms, &c.
Mr. BERRIEN took upon himself to say, in the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, that if the Senator would so modify his
resolution as to make it a matter of inquiry into
the expediency of such a step, instead of rendering
' it obligatory, the committee would be prepared to
! give the subject all due consideration.
Mr. WESTCOTT adverted to the fact that there
were now before the Committee on the Judiciary
some three or four memorials for the augmenta-
tion of the salaries of different judges, and he
thought xthis subject might come under considera-
tion with the rest. He would have no objection
to the resolution if modified as indicated by the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. MASON then modified his resolution, and 1
it was adopted, as follows: !
Resolved^ That the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
is icferted House bill No. 230, entitled "An act to change
tlie tunes for holding the district courts of the United States I
for the western district of Virginia," be and arc hereby in-
structed to inquire into the expediency, by an amendment 1
to said bill, to increase the salarv of the judge of said j
court, m consideration of the additional dunes devolved j
upon him by the increase in the number of couits in said ;
distiict, and the extension of their respective terms. i
Mr. HALE desired to offer a resolution inquir- i
I ing into the expediency of increasing the salary of j
| the district judge of New Hampshire, which at the !
present time was lower than any other in the State, ,
The salaries of the State judges had been raised by
a late law. j
Mr. BERRIEN inquired what was the amount ,
of the salary of the State judges? :
Mr. HALE replied, by the late law they received
some $1,600 and some §3,800, while the salary of
the United States judge was only §1,000. Mr. H. ,
then introduced the following resolution, which !
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary beinstruct-
* In copying the Piesident's menace, an error occurred
in a single word, by substituting "annual" for quarterly.
The President states the sum awarded to our claimants un-
der the Mexican commission at $3,026,139 68, which sum is
taken fiom the award* on file in the State Department, and
is perfectly correct. He adds: "This sum was payable in
twenty equal annua! instalments," as copied, whereas it is
truly stated by the President as quarterly Union, July 8.
ed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the salary of
the district judge of New Hampshire.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, adverted to the
fact of memorials having been over and over again
presented from the bar of New Orleans for an in-
crease of the salary of the judge of the district of
Louisiana, which was so notoriously inadequate.
On his motion it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the bar of the city of New
Orleans, praying an increase of the salary of the district
judge of the district of Louisiana, presented at a former ses-
sion, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom was referred the resolution of Mr. Mason.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the destruction or other disposition of spurious and coun-
terfeit treasury notes and other public securities, and of
spurious and counterfeit plates and coins and implements
for making the same, and prevent future circulation or use.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE,
Resolved, That 150 copies of the report of the Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution, printed for the use of the Senate,
be furnished to the Secretary of the Institution for the use of
said Institution.
On motion of Mr. UPHAM, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the pay-
ment of the 4th regiment in the 2d brigade of the 3d
division of the Vermont militia for services in the
battle of Plattsburg; which, after having been ex-
plained and advocated by Mr. U., was ordered^ to-
be engrossed, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
The joint resolution.authorizing the submission
of certain claims to arbitration, was read a third
time and passed.
OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill to establish a Territorial Government
in Oregon; when—
The question being on the amendment submitted
by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, said, that although
the British Parliament was considered as omnipo-
tent, still the meanest subject was protected in his
property. How strange, therefore, must it ap-
pear, that the American Congress should be en-
gaged in seiiously discussing a question which
affects the property of fifteen of the States of the
Union! The admission of the right of Congress
to prohibit slavery implies the right of Congress
to establish slavery. And what would be thought
if the fifteen slavejiolding States were to come
forward with a proposition to Congress to estab-
lish slavery in the States in which it does not
now exist? Or, if it was proposed to prohibit
any citizen of the free States from entering a slave-
holding State with his property, would 4iot the
right of Congress to interfere be denied ? He
looked on the present question as a question of
power, in which the numerical strength of the free
States was to be arrayed against the feebleness of
the South. In this condition, the South has only
to say,i( We stand still; we have not the power to
resist." The South invokes the free States to stay
their hands, and to yield obedience to the mandates
of the Constitution.
He referred to the restricted nature of our Gov-
ernment, and quoted from the authorities, to show
the extent of the powers of Congress in reference
to the Territories. He regarded the word "terri-
tory" in the Constitution as meaning nothing more
nor less than land. Congress had a right to pro-
tect this property, to cause surveys to be made,
and to establish judicial districts and courts to try
criminals who may commit offences against the
property. Beyond these powers, he thought,
Congress could not go. Wherever the framers of
; the Constitution intended to confer exclusive legis-
, lation, they inserted in the Constitution proper
j terms to express that intention. The power of
: Congress to establish territorial governments, al-
; though it had been denied by some, he would be
1 willing to admit, for the sake of argument. But
if Congress had the power, it must use it in refer-
ence to its character as a trust—it must act as a
j mere agent. The territory is the property of the
United States, and not of the Government of the
United States. If Congress had the power to dis-
tribute the public lands among the several States,
- and were to do so, would it be tolerated if Congress
were to give a portion of this land free, while it
1 cloggcd another with the condition that no slave
i should be there? Yet the principle was the same
