908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. WHITE moved to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union from Sen-
ate bill renewing certain naval pensions for the
term of five years, and extending the benefits of
existing laws respecting: naval pensions to engi-
neers, firemen, and coal-heavers in the navy, and
to their widows.
The reading of the bill was called for; it not
being at hand—
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution relative
to printing 10,000 copies extra of the report of the
Committee oil Public Lands on the graduation, re-
duction, and disposition of the public domain,
reported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That 10,000 copies extra of said report be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution relative to printing the re-
ports of the majority and minority of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures on the subject of
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances, reported the following resolution, which
was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That extra copies of neither of said reports be
printed.
The bill of the Senate renewing certain naval
pensions, &c., having been brought to the Clerk's
table—
The SPEAKER stated the question on dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole, as stated
above.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER stated that there was no regu-
lar order of business on Fridays and Saturdays
except private business, and there was none of that
Character on the Speaker's table which could be
put before the House at this time.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. The motion was
rejected.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1849.
The question pending was on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means to the 15th amendment of the Senate,
and heretofore published.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, being entitled to
the floor, concluded the remarks commenced by
him yesterday, which consumed his allotted hour.
Mr. GENTRY spoke with great earnestness in
favor of concurring with the Senate's amendment
in favor of the North Carolina Cherokee Indians;
arguing that on all principles of equity and of nation-
al law the treaty of New Echota should be so inter-
preted as to allow to those Indians the sum provi-
ded for the removal and subsistence of such of the
tribe as removed west of the Mississippi, on the
ground that whether the words of the treaty, if
made with a foreign Power, would in strictness of
law bear that construction or not, yet the treaty
having been so explained to the Indians by our
commissioner, and they having so understood it,
it ought to be carried out according to their under-
standing of it. And if the allowance of the princi-
pal should be made,then theinterest since accruing
would follow of course.
Mr. THOMFSON, of Indiana, made some re-
marks in reply to Mr. Rocichill in relation to
certain licensed Indian traders who were driven
from the Indian country by the Indian agent.
The hour allotted for debate having expired, the
question was stated on agreeing to the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendment of the Senate, when—
Mr. VINTON, who was entitled to an hour in
closing the debate, went into a full explanation of
his own understanding of the whole subject of the
treaty; the policy in which it oiiginated; the ends
it was intended to secure, and the manner in which
it was originally proposed, and in what shape it
was finally ratified. He contended that the policy
of General Jackson, and those who supported him,
having been to effect the removal of the Indians
fi^om all the States where they were settled to new
territory west of the Mississippi, the provision for
the expense of their removal, and for their sub-
sistence in their new homes for one year, had been
inserted in the treaty to furnish an inducement to
their assent to the removal. Some of the Indians
refused to go, and great difficulty arose in finally
effecting the object in view. To allow the same
amount to those tribes or individuals who refused
to remove as was given to those who did, was, in
effect, to offer a premium for refusal, and by such
a proceeding the Government was effectually coun-
teracting and defeating its own policy. Perceiv-
ing this, the treaty, before its final ratification, had
been altered; the clause providing the cost of re-
moval and subsistence to Indians (such as those
in North Carolina) who did not remove was
stricken out, and in place of it was a provision
that those who remained should receive, in com-
mon with those who went, an allowance, per
capita, out of* a certain Indian fund in the Treas-
ury, after certain charges on that fund had first
been deducted. He, therefore, argued against the
Senate's amendment, as contrary both to the terms
and policy of the treaty.
He then explained an amendment which was
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which provided in substance that a fund should
be set apart and kept in the treasury, so that
whenever any of these Indians concluded to re-
move, they should receive the full amount of re-
moval and subsistence as stipulated in the treaty;
and meanwhile to pay them the interest on their
per capita share of the Indian fund.
Mr. V. having concluded his remarks—
The question was stated on agreeing to the
amendment reported by'the Committee of Ways
and Means to the 15th amendment of the Senate; j
when—
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the proviso in
the 4th and last section, which is as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall pievent 1
Congress, on a final settlement of the questions arising I
under the treaty of New Echota, from charging the sums ,
herein required to he funded or paid for the benefit of the i
Cherokees of North Carolina, or any part thereof, to the
Cherokee fund under that treaty, if Congress shall find it
just and proper to do so.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That the amount herein required to be fund-
ed for the benefit of the said Cherokees of North Caro-
lina, and the amount required to be paid to them, shall be
charged to the general Cherokee fund, under the treaty of
NewEehota, and shall be reimbursed therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on the amendment
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendment of the Senate.
The count was had by tellers, and there were—>
ayes 71, noes 7G.
So the amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was disagreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing'to the amend-
ment of the Senate, (the two sections,) and, being
put, it was decided by tellers in the affirmative—
ayes 77, noes 60.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
All the amendments to the Indian appropriation
bill having been acted on, the committee rose and
reported the bill as amended to the House.
The House proceeded to consider the said amend-
ments.
Mr, VINTON moved to amfend the 15th amend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out all after the
word "Indians," where it first occurs, and inserting
the substitute reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and also moved the previous question.
After suggestions and inquiries by various mem-
bers, the previous question was seconded; and
under the operation thereof, the first thirteen amend-
ments of the Senate (which were concurred in by
the Committee of the Whole) were read and agreed
to by the House without a division.
The question was stated on the 14th amendment
of the Senate, which strikes out the third section
of the bill.
The Committee of the Whole disagreed to this
amendment.
The question being put on agreeing to the Sen-
ate's said amendment, it was decided by yeas and
nays in the negative—yeas 68, nays 109.
So the House refused to strike out the third sec-
tion.
The 35th amendment of the Senate, which adds
two sections, was read, and the amendment thereto
reported by the Committee of the Whole (Mr.
Clingman's proviso) was agreed to.
The amendment moved by Mr. Vinton to the
15th amendment of the Senate, viz: to strike out
all after the word " Indians," where it first occurs,
and insert in lieu thereof the amendment reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, was read;
and" the question being put on agreeing thereto, it
was decided in the negative by yeas and nays-
yeas 75, nays 94.
The question recurred on agreeing to the 15th
amendment of the Senate as amended, and being
put, was agreed to by yeas and nays—yeas 94,
nays 71.
The 17th and last amendment of the Senate, (a
new section,) which was agreed to by the Com-
mittee of the Whole, was then read and concurred
in by the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the 15th amendment of the Senate was
agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved' that a
committee of conference on the part of the House
to meet a similar committee on the part of the
Senate be appointed on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which had been referred the bill
making appropriations for certain fortifications of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1849, asked leave to report the same back to the
House. Objected to.
The following bills of the Senate, lying on the
Speaker's table, were taken up, read twice, and
referred to appropriate committees:
A bill for the relief of Gamaliel Taylor (late mar-
shal of Indiana) and his securities.
A bill for the relief of William W. Wynn.
A bill for the relief of David Wilkinson.
A bill for the-relief of H. Fredieu, M. Vercher,
C. Sanmiguel, P. U. Gagnon, V. Carbanaux, and
F. Harbo, of Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of Mary Taylor.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Wall,
deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Moses White.
A bill for the relief of Columbus Alexander and
Theodore Barnard.
A bill for the relief of D. A. Watterston.
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson.
A bill for the relief of James G. Carson.
A bill concerning the Pay department of the
army.
A bill for the payment of the 4th regiment in the
2d brigade of the 3d division of the Vermont mili-
tia for services at the battle of Plattsburg.
A bill to allow subsistence to certain Arkansas
and other volunteers who have been prisoners of
war in Mexico.
A resolution in reference to the next census.
The Senate bill to extend an act entitled "An
act providing for the adjustment of all suspended
preemption land claims in the several States and
Territories," approved August 3, 1846, was read
three times and passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. SIMPSON asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, objected to
the reception of any report out of order.
Mr. McLANE gave notice, under the rule, that
on some subsequent day he would bring in a joint
resolution for the erection of the Territories of Ore-
gon, California, and New Mexico into States for
admission into the Union, and providing for the
organization and admission of other States formed
out of the Territories of said States of Oregon,
California, and New Mexico, upon certain terms
and conditions.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule and
i referred:
! By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of the
. legal representative*, of Major L. P. Montgomery.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of James T. Woodbury,
! of Acton, Massachusetts, and 55 others, prayinj? for the re-
;i peal of the franking privilege and the redtteution of letter
postage.
