1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 8, 1848.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Samuel
Colman, proposing to prepare a general index of
all the Congressional documents.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution allowing the proper
accounting officers of the treasury to make a just
and fair settlement of the claim of the Cherokee
nation of Indians according to the principles estab-
lished by the treaty of August, 1846.
The joint resolution having been read a first
time—
Mr. BELL asked the Senate to take up the joint
resolution for consideration at this time. He ex-
plained the difficulties which had arisen in the ad-
justment of the amount appropriated under the
treaty of 1846, by which the Government had laid
down certain principles on which- the settlement
should be based. There had been great difficulty
in coming to an understanding with the three par-
ties among the Cherokees—the old settlers, the
treaty, and the Ross or anti-treaty party. The
commissioner had reported a mode in which he
thought the settlement could be made. But the
Indians have protested against the equity and jus-
tice of that mode. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, without sustaining the views of either of the
parties, have come to a conclusion to recommend
to the Senate that the matter be referred to the
Comptroller of the Treasury, as it is believed that
he will be able to come to an accurate conclusion
on the subject.
Mr. ATHERTON asked if it was intended by
the committee to reject the report of the Commis-
sioner ?
Mr. BELL replied that the joint resolution was
not intended to give a negative to the report. It
does not interfere with the report in any way.
There was a difficulty as to assigning the proper
proportions to the different heads. Everything
was intended to be submitted to the Comptroller. It
was not intended to involve any expenditure so far
as he knew. The only object was to determine
how the balance should be distributed.
Mr. ATHERTON, deeming the matter of more
importance than appeared on the face of the reso-
lution, suggested the propriety.of laying the sub-
ject over for further consideration.
The joint resolution was therefore passed over
informally.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill to carry into effect certain
stipulations of the treaty between the United States
of America and the Republic of Mexico, of the 22d
February, 1848.
[The first section authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the certificates issued to citizens
of the United States under the act of September 1,
1841. , , .
The 2d section provides that the claims adjudi-
cated by the Board of Commissioners appointed
under the convention of April 11, 1839, and re-
ferred to the umpire, and which were not decided
by him, but returned to said board on the 25th of
February, 1842, shall be considered as adjudicated;
and the sums awarded in favor of said claimants,
respectively, and reported to said umpire, together
with the interest on the same, be paid to said claim-
ants, or their representatives.
Section 3 provides forthe appointment of a board
of three commissioners to examine all claims of
citizens of the United States upon the Republic of
Mexico provided for by the treaty.
Sections 4 and 5 relate to details.
Section 6 fixes the salaries of the commissioners
at £3,000; of the secretary at jj.2,000; and of the
clerk at $1,500. _
Section 7 provides that claims snail be paid m
certificates of stock of the United States, and re-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government, or in
money, at the option of the United States.
Section 8 provides that the board shall terminate
its business 111 two years from its organization.]
On motion of Mr. FOOTE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary fie instruct-
ed to mquue into the cipniiency of requiring marshals,
clt-iks and district attorueva. in all criminal eases, to make
reports to the Solicitor of tile Tieasury, as m civil cases;
ami also as to the propiiety of requiringsaid officers, on the
settlement of their respective accounts with the t reasury,
to have their lees, costs, and charges allowed and paid to
them. 1
THE COMMITTEE ON TERRITORIES.
Mr. BUTLER moved to resume the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the motion made by
him to increase the Committee on the Territories
to seven members. . &
Mr. DAVIS hoped some reason would be as-
signed for the motion.
Mr. BUTLER said there were but three mem-
bers of the committee in the habit of attending the
meetings. There was some important business
now referred to the committee, and he hoped these
additional members would be given.
Mr. DAYTON thought the subject should go
to the Committee on Territories, and not to the
Judiciary Committee. As to the additional mem-
bers, he thought it unnecessary. Business was
not expedited hy having a numerous committee.
Experience rather justified a different conclusion.
There were but three Territories, and he presumed
only one bill would be prepared.
Mr. WESTCOTT suggested, as a point of or-
der, that a rule of the Senate could not be changed
by a mere vote of a majority.
Mr. BUTLER said similar changes had hereto-
fore been made on motion. Two members had
been added to the Naval Committee. He repeated
that important business was before the committee.
The CHAIR decided against the point of order,
and stated that the motion was in order.
Mr. BADGER asked on what day the order
was made referring this matter to the Committee
on the Judiciary?
The CHAIR replied that it was made on the 6th.
Mr. BREESE read the rule of the Senate re-
garding the functions of the committees, to show
that the Committee on the Judiciary was the proper
one.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, considered the
Committee on Territories, as its name seemed to
imply, to be the proper committee. To this com-
mittee belongs the duty, not only of organizing a
Territorial Government, but of attending to the
business of the Territories generally. He asked
if it was known what opinions were entertained
by the members of the committee, and whether on
this ground the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina had been made? He thought it might be
best for the committee to try the experiment before
additional members were given. If more strength
should be required, it can be given when the com-
mittee shall find it necessary. If there was a dis-
position to constitute a committee all on one side,
it would be an unfair proceeding. Thecommittee
should compare opinions, and come to a result,
and if it makes a report, then the Senate will be
able to decide.
Mr. BUTLER said he had attended the com-
mittee when notified, except when out of the city.
He was absent when the Nebraska and Minesota
bills were reported. He believed that in the set-
tlement between Wisconsin and Minesota, the
ordinance of 1787 was violated. He merely slated
this to show that these bills had not been reported
with his assent.
Mr. BRIGHT expressed his belief, that as the
committee was now constituted, there was no pros-
pect of the committee coming to an agreement on
the subjects now referred to it.
M r. DAYTON said he thought the Senate should
not interfere, as it was clear, from the statements
made, that the committee had as yet taken no action
on the subject. He deprecated the adding of new
members to a committee because it was intimated
that the members constituting the committee dif-
fered in opinion. He repeated his conviction that
the Territorial Committee was the proper commit-
tee, and that the subject would be referred to that
committee, and not to the Judiciary Committee;
and that the motion for two additional members
wfluld not be agreed to. He had no doubt that
the chairman and a working member or two would
do the business satisfactorily.
Mr. BUTLER said, that if his motion was ob-
| jected to, he woukl modify it so as to ask for the
! addition of one member m the room of the chair-
i man, now absent.
| Mr. FOOTE was against the reference of the
: subject to the Judiciary Committee, but he thought,
i after the explanations of two members of the com-
mittee, that it would be proper to give the additional
members asked for.
Mr. HALE said it was apparent that the ques-
tion of slavery was the point in question. If we
add two members—one in favor of and the other
against slavery—what would be gained ? He saw
no good from making the change, as there had
been no effort yet made by the committee to agree.
He was opposed to any course of the Senate which
would force the committee to a one-sided report,.
as it would resemble the packing' of a jury, and
would destroy the effect of any report throughout
the country.
Mr. WESTCOTT said his great objection to
the increase asked for was the danger,of the pre-
cedent, which, in high party times, might be made
the ground of some improper action. As to the
practice of the Senate, he referred to a precedent
or two, which would be found in the Congressional
Globe, to show that the course now objected to
had been taken.
Mr. BUTLER modified his motion so as to add
one member.
Mr. UPHAM asked if there was any vacancy.
Mr. BUTLER withdrew his modification.
The question was then taken, and decided as fol-
lows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Butler,
Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Downs, Foote, Hunter, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson o( Georgia, Lewis, Pearce, Se-
bastian, Turney, and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Athertmi, Badger, Benton, Brad-
bury, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dix, Dodge,
Felch, Fitzgerald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Johnson
of Man-land, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Rusk, Spruance. Stur-
geon, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Westeott—27.
OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill to establish a Territorial Govern-
ment in Oregon.
The question beingon the amendment submitted
by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi-
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said the dis-
cussion of this subject had heretofore been depre-
cated; but riow it seemed to be invited by those
who had hitherto been reluctant to enter on it.
He was ready to enter into the discussion, and he
hoped the question would be temperately debated
on both sides. He felt himself constrained to take
some notice of the question of the power of Con-
gress under the Constitution to create, abolish,
or regulate slavery. The power of Congress over
the subject had been entirely denied by some Sen-
ators. He read the clause giving power to Con-
gress over Territories. It had been argued that
this was merely a power over'property, and that
it conveyed no sovereignty. It had been said that
the language of the Constitution, in reference to
the power given over the District of Columbia,
was " exclusive jurisdiction,"and that this phrase
was not applied to any of the Territories. He ad-
mitted that the phraseology of the Constitution
favored this view, and gave some strength to the
argument that sovereignty was not conveyed to
Congress over Territories. But to meet this,
he adduced the contemporaneous sentiments of
the framers of the Constitution, and the circum-
stances under which the Convention came into
existence. The Convenlion found the ordinance
of 1787 in existence, and this ordinance excluded
slavery from the Territories to which it extended,
and these comprised all the territory of the United
States under the treaty of 1783 which was not at
that time within the limits of the States. The
Convention looked into this ordinance, and left
it untouched, to bind future generations. ^ The
thought of acquiring new territory, and of pur-
chasing sovereignties, never entered the head of
any one. The ordinance referred to the territory
then in possession of the United States, but did
not reach any new States which might be acquired.
The Convention knew that out of the North-
west Territory six States would hereafter be con-
structed. It was calculated that a certain number
of slave States and a certain number of free State3
! would be admitted. But the idea of any new ter-
ritory to be acquired from foreign countries, never
entered into the calculation. No one then ever
dreamed of trading in sovereignties. The states-
men of that day were of the opinion that there
was no power to acquire or govern, hot when
territory was acquired, it brought with it the
! power to govern. The right of sovereignty im-
plies the right to regulate property. Such a
thing as sovereignty without the right to icg-
ulate property, was never heard of. When
we came to acquire territory out of our original
boundary, we left soundings, launched out to sea,
and went beyond the reach of the Constitution
