910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Gentlemen may turn over the leaves of the Con-
stitution, but they can find no warrant for the
government of territory which was never contem-
plated in the Constitution. And then Senators
turn round and say, Congress has no power over
the matter, because they can find nothing written
on the subject in the Constitution. If we assume
the right to acquire territory beyond the reach of
the Constitution, and for which the Constitution
makes no provision, we shall do wisely to en-
deavor to regulate it on principles as nearly in ac-
cordance with the spirit of the Constitution as
On the question of property in slaves, which
he conceded for the sake of argument, it is not
distinguishable from other property. It existed
in Louisiana and in Florida when the United States
took possession of the sovereignty; and the Uni-
ted States has so used that sovereignty, that sla-
very has been maintained and upheld there by the
power of law, or else it has existed without law.
ft has existed by the will and law of the United
States, and not by any other power. The United
States has also prohibited the traffic in slaves with
foreign countries'. Who, then, can rise up and
say that Congress has no power to prohibit slavery
in Territories? He admitted that Congress could
not interfere with slavery in the States. But if
Congress could create or maintain slavery in the
Territories, so it could prohibit slavery.- He would
not, however, that Congress should attempt to
abolish slavery anywhere without adequate com-
pensation.
On the subject of a slaveholder carrying his
slaves with him into any free territory, he made
some remarks, in reply to the assertion that he
carried with him the laws of the State from which
he came, on the principle of coequality. This had
been answered by the suggestion, that if the citi-
zens of thirty States took their slaves into a free
territory, they would, in that case, carry with
them all these conflicting laws, and every individual
would have to act as his own lawyer.
He regarded the arguments advanced on the
other side as tending to draw us away from the
basis on which the Constitution was originally
placed. He could not see anything to offend the
delicacy of any Senator in tendering the same
proposition to them, which was given by the ordi-
nance of 1787 to the Northwest Territory. At the
adoption of the Constitution there were six slave
and eight free States. He then went into calcula-
tions to show how the representation of the free
and slave States would have stood, if we had never
extended our territory beyond the limits embraced
in the treaty of 1783. He also gave some statistics
to prove how the representation will stand when
the new Territories shall be all admitted. The
South had boasted that it asked nothing and ex-
pected nothing; and that it only required to be
permitted to stand still. To stand still! After ob-
taining a vast expenditure of blood and treasure
for the acquisition of territory, the South says we
only ask to be let alone, and suffer the Constitu-
tion to work out its purposes; when they know
that there is not a word in the Constitution appli-
cable to the state of things. The Constitution
never anticipated such a distribution of political
power as now exists. The South has obtained a
great preponderating power, yet it assumes a grave
face, and complains of wrongs.
Mr. CALHOUN made some explanations to
show that the Senator from Massachusetts was in
error in his statistics as to the proportion between
slave and free States.
Mr. DAVIS went on to say we had seen treas-
ure taken out for the purpose of enhancing the
power of the slave States; and to illustrate the
spirit which had so often induced the South to
endeavor to spread its institutions, and to curtail
the limits and influence of the free States. The
present discussion, he thought, might be produc-
tive of good effects, becausc it would lead to a
comparison of views. The Senators from the
South had warned us of fearful consequences.
They heard the mutterings of the distant thunder,
and foretold the approach of the storm. Let it
come. He would be as much concerned as any
one should the Union be endangered. But if we
cannot speak the truth to each other, the Union is
but a rope of sand.
He referred to the annexation of Texas, and the
resolution annexing it, which, provided that there
may be five States taken out of that State, three of
which would be slave States. What have been
the consequences of the admission of Texas? It
may be called bad taste to complain; but from that
act grew out the war with Mexico. From the
presence of the representatives from Texas on this
floor, resulted the repeal of our previous beneficial
revenue system, and the substitution of.the present
system in 1846. The evils to which he referred had
not been produced by the Whigs here, but by the
union of the Democracy of the South and the
North. And even now we have been told by the
Senator from South Carolina that this is the favor-
able moment to make a new push for power; that
just on the eve of the Presidential election it is the
proper moment to give the screw another turn, and
to use party machinery to overthrow the public
interests. He intimated that the people had be-
come awake to the true condition of things, and
that it was too late to expect further concessions to
the South than it had already obtained. He warned
it not to make further experiments on the free
States, which would now take their stand and resist
any further innovations upon the compromises of
the Constitution.
As to the introduction of slavery into the new
territory, he assured the Senate that the people
would not allow it. Senators who calculated on
the public acquiescence in such an attempt would
find themselves greatly mistaken. He had often
declared it as his opinion that free soil should not
be encumbered with slavery. He was not disposed
to dwell more on this topic; but he trusted the
Senate would ponder well on this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, expressed a de-
sire to address the Senate; but the hour being some-
what late, he moved that the further consideration
of thtfbill be postponed until Monday next; which
motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of Executive
business; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 10, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. PETTIT asked leave to offer a resolution
making Senate bill for the repair of the dam in the
Ohio river at Cumberland Island the special order
of the day next succeeding the general appropria-
tion bills and the bill to establish the Territorial
Government of Oregon.
Objection being made—
Mi-. P. moved a suspension of the rules. Dis-
agreed to, two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. GOGGIN, by leave, presented a memorial
of citizens of Richmond for relief from the present
oppressive mail arrangements between the city of
Richmond and the North. Laid on the table.
Mr. G. also moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill of the Senate m
relation to the renewal of the contract for carrying
the southern mail, but withdrew it at the request
of—
Mr. McLANE, who presented a petition of citi-
zens of Baltimore similar to the one just presented
by Mr. Goggin.
Mr. McL. renewed the motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up the southern
mail contract resolution.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of taking up the Presi-
dent's message in relation to the treaty with Mex-
ico, and referring it to the appropriate committees,
as suggested by Mr. Burt on Thursday.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion to
suspend, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Bellinger, Bingham,
Bocock, Bowhn, Bojd, Brady, Brodhead, \\ in. G. Brown,
AlbertG. Brown, Burt, Chase, Ftankim Clark, Howell Cobb.
Williamson R W. Cobb, Cocke, Cummins, Daniel, Darling,
Dickey, fheku^on, EiHall, Farnn, Feather-ton, Ftcklin,
French, Fries, G.iggin, Green, VVillard P. Hail, Jrla'minons,
Hatalson, Hairis, Henley, Hiil, George Houston, luge,
Charles- J. Inijei-oll, Irvin, Ivon-on, Jenkins. Andrew Johu-
r-on, James H. Johnson, Robert VV. Johnson, G. W. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, .Lahm, La S6re. Sidney Lawrence,
Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin. Lvnde, MacJay. McClelland,
McClernaud, McDowell, McL-me, Job .Mann,Meade, Miller,
Moriis, Nicoll, Peas-let*, i'etne, Peyton, Pilisbury, Kiciiaid-
son, Rockhill, Julius Rockwell, Sawyer, Simpson, Suns,
Smait, Stanton, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Thomas,
JamesThompson, William Thompson,Thurston, Tompkins,
Van Dyke, "Venable, Wallace, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
Wilmot, and Woodward—81.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Blanchard, Boydon,
Buckner, Cabell, Caifby, Chapman, Clinmnan, Collamer,
Conger, Cranston, Cristield, Crowell, Crozier, Dixon, Don-
ntll, Duer, Daniel Duncan, Euibree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evan*, Fisher, Fioumoy. Freedlev, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Gott, Gregory, Gnnnell, Nathan K. Hall, Mo&es
Hampton, Henry, Hilhard, IsaacE. Holmes,Etias B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, Mar-h,
Marvin, Mullm, Nelson, Newall, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendle
ton, Prenori, Putnam, Reynolds, John A. Rockwell, Ro-ie,
Root, Rumsey, Shepherd, Sherrill, Silvester, Shngerland,
Truman Smith, Strohm,Tallmadge, Toombs, Vinton, War-
ren, and Wentworth—70.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEPHENS moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of enabling him to offer the
following resolutions, which were read for infor-
mation :
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House the best and most reliable information in
his possession relating to the proper limits and boundaries
of New Mexico and California, with the population of each
respectively, and particularly copies of the map* referred
to in the late treaty between Mexico and the United States.
Resolved, further, That the President be also requested to
infoi in this House whether there are not now civil govern-
ments organized in New Mexico and California; and, if so,
what are their form and character; by whom and when were
they instituted, and by what authority; by whom and irt what
way are they maintained and supported; and particularly
that he inform this House whether the Governor ar>d other
officers appointed m New Mexico by General Kearny, in
1646, and the Governor and other officers appointed by Com-
modore Stockton in California during the same jear, Still
hold the appointments thus conferred on them; and whether
the salaries affixed to their offices have been paid out of the
tre«u*ury of the United States; and, if so, by what authority
of law.
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Hou>e whether there have been any trial or trials and con-
victions of any person or persons of treason against the Uni-
ted States in that part of Mexico lying east of the Rio
Grande, since the same has been m tile occupancy of our
army; and if so, before what tribunals such trials weie had,
whether civil or military; and by what authority of law such
tribunal or tribunals were established; and that he turnish
the House with a copy of the proceedings in such case or
cases.
On the motion to suspend the rules, the yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted—yeas 169, nays 7.
Two-thirds having voted in the affirmative, the
ji rules were suspended, and the resolutions received,
ij Mr. STEPHENS did not intend to consume
!; much of the time of the House in presenting the
!| reasons which influenced him in offering these
I1 resolutions. The* President of the United States
communicated to this House a few days ago the
fact that he had lately made a treaty, by which
we acquired California"and New Mexico, and he
called on Congress to make the necessary Iegisla- .
tion for those new territories; and it seemed to
him (Mr. S.) manifestly proper that this House
should be informed what was the extent of the
boundaries and limits of this country over which
we are to legislate, and the character of the people
over whom we are to legislate. So far as New
Mexico is concerned, for one, he wished to know
authoritatively from the President what the limits
of that country are. He wished to know whether
11 New Mexico extends to this side of the Rio Grande
i| or not; and, if so, to what extent. He wished to
know if the President calls on Congress to legis-
late for portions of territory which he had previ-
ously informed the country belonged to Texas,
and he was sure the honorable Representatives
from Texas wished to obtain the same information.
He wished the President to inform this House and
ij the country if, in the face of his message of 1846,
It which he (Mr. S.) had before him, Santa Fe is in.
! New Mexico, or within the limits of Texas which
'.\ has been attached to this Union. He had the
President's message of 1846 in lus hand, and he
!1 would read a short extract from it. It was as fol-
i; lows:
I " The Congress of Texas on the 19th of December, 1826,
I! pa^ed ' An a'jt to define the boundaries of the Republic of
ij Texas.'in which they declared the Rio Grande from its
SI mouth to its source to be the boundary, and by the said act
:j thf-y extended their i civil and political junsdiotum'over the
II country up to that boundary. Duting a period of more than
i' nine years which mteivened between the adoption of her
! constitution and her annexation a? one or the a* ate-- of our
!i I'nioii, Texas averted and exercised many acts of sover-
eisjntv and iniK-diction over the country and inhabitants
>1 w e^t of the Nueces. She organic d and defined the limits
i J of counties extending to the Rio Grande. She established
; cou  ts of jus-tice and extended her judicial system over the
territory. She e>tablished a custom house and collected
> duties, and also post offices ami po*t to ids m it. Sheestab-
: li<hed a land otiice and i-sued numerous grants for land
; vuthm its limits. A senator and a representative residing
.1 m it were elected to the Congress of the .Republic, ana
Ij served as such when tb« act of annexation took piaco. In
