1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
both the Congress and Convention of Texas which gave
their a?«ent to the fHrms of annexation to the United'States
proposed by our Congress, were representatives residing
west of the Nu< ces who took part in the act of annexation
itself. This \va* the Texas which, by act of our Cousress
of the 29th of December, 1845, was admitted as one of the
States of this Union.v
What Texas? He wanted the President to
show what Texas he meant. The Texas which
extends from the mouth of the Rio Grande to its
source? That was the assertion of the President
of the United States, as nine-tenths of the people
doubtless understood him.
Now, about the same time this message was sent
to Congress, there was on file in the'Department
of State a document to which he wished to call the
attention of the House. It was a document which
emanated from Brigadier General Kearny, which
was in these words:
.Appointment by General Kearny of civil officers.
Being duly authorized by the President of the United
Slates of Ainenea, L hereby mak,e the following appoint-
ments for the government of New Mexico, a Territory of the
United States. The officers thus appointed will be obeyed
and respected accordingly:
Charles Bent, to be Governor.
Donaisano Vigil, to be Secietary of the Territory.
Richard Dallam, to be Maishal.
Francis P. Blair, to be United Mates District Attorney.
Charles Bluirinet, to be Tiea-urer.
Eugene Seitzendorfer, to he Auditor of Public Accounts.
Joab Houghton, Antonio Jose Otero, Charles Beaubian,to
be Judges of theSupeiioi Couit.
Given at Snnta F£, the capita! of the Territory of New
Mexico, this 22d day of September, 1846, and in the seventy-
first year of the independence of the United States.
S.W.KEARNY,
Brigadier General United States Army.
He also read the following extracts from docu-
ment No. 24, entitled " Organic Law of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico:"
"Art. 1.—Sec. 1. The country heretofore known as New
Mexico shall be known hureatUr and designated as the Ter-
ritoi) of New Mexico, in the United State* of Ameiica,and
the temporary government of the said Territory -shall be or-
ganized and administered in the manner herein prescribed."
" Art. Executive pov er.—Sec. 1. The Executive pow-
er shall be vested in a Governor, who shall reside m the
said Territory, and shall hold his office for two years, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United States.
" He shall be the commander-in-chief of the miliua of the
eaid Territory, except when called into the service of the
United States, and ex officio Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs.
- " He shall have power to fill all civil and military offices
which shall be established, the appointments to which shall
not be otherwise provided for by law."
"Art. 3. Legislative pouer.—Sec. 1. The legislative power
shall be vested m a General Assembly, which shall consist
of a Legislative Council and a House of Representatives.
"Sec.2. The House ol Representatives shall consist of
members to be chosen every iwo years by the qualified elect-
ors of the several counties; and the Legislative Council
shall consist of members to be chosen every four years by
the qualified electors of their respective districts."
" Sec. 7. Un ill the legislative power shall otherwise direct,
the Territory of New Mt xico shall retain the division of
counties and districts established b> the decree of the depart-
ment of New Mexico of June 17,1644, and they shall be
represented a=> follows: fn the House of Representatives, the
county of Santa Fd shall have three members; the county
of San Miguel del Bado, three; the county of Rio Arriva,
three; the county of Valencia, five; the county of Tao*,
three; the county of Santa Anna, two; and me county of
Bemallillo, two. In the Legislative Council, the central
district shall have three members; the northern district, two
members; and the southeastern district, two members.
Which apportionment shall continue until otherwise directed
by law."
" See. 10. The General Assembly shall convene at the
city of Santa F6 on the first Monday in December, A. D.
1847, and on the firs-t Monday in December every two years
thereafter, until otherwise provided bylaw; and each house
shall elect one of its own members as speaker, and shall
choose clerks and such other officers as may be necessan ;
and shall sit from day to djay,on us own adjournments, until
all its business shall be finished."
"Art. 4. Judicial pov er.—Sec. 1. The judicial power shall
be vested in a superior court, and inferior tiihunafs to be
established by law.
"Sec. 2. The superior vcourt shall consist of three judges,
to be appointed by the President of the United States, one
of them shall be the presiding judge, and the others associate
jud^res. The judges shall be conseivators of the peace
throughout the Teriiton, and shall hold courts at such tunes
and places, and perform such duties as shall be presenbed
by law."
"Art. 5. Miscellaneous.—Sec. 1. Members of the General
Assembly; the Governor, whose salary &hall be $3,000 a
year; the Secretary of the Treasury, whose salary shall be
$1,200 a yeai ; the Judges of the Superior Couit, whose
salanes shall be $l,Ci0J a year each; the Mni-hal of the
Terntory, whose salary'•hall be $500 a year; the United
States District Attorney, whose salary shall be £500 a yeai,
shall be paid out of the Treasury of the United States. The
Auditor and Treasuter shall each receive a salary of$">00 a
year, one-halt of which shall he paid out of the Trea-uty of
the United States, and the remainder out of the Territorial
Treasury."
General Ksarny says he was authorized by the
President of the United States to make such ap-
pointments ; and they were made from his head-
quarters at Santa Fe, which is on this side of the
Rio Grande, in that very Territory which the
President informed the nation and the worljjLbe-
longs to Texas which has been annexed toHihis
Union. Now, he would again ask the honorable
Representatives from the State of Texas whether,
if this be true, they will tolerate this interference ^
of this Government in that State.
Mr. PILLSBURY said they did not tolerate it.
He made other observations which were not heard
at the reporter's desk.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had expected that
Texas would have given utterance to her dissent
before to-day; and that they would have informed
the President that they would not assent to these
proceedings.
Mr. PILLSBURY was understood to say that
his State did dissent.
Mr. STEPHENS then inquired why the gen-
tleman from Texas did not vote for this inquiry?
Mr. PILLSBURY said it was presumable that
Texas knew her own boundary better than the
President of the United States. They had cer-
tainly had a little more to do with it, and if the
President was mistaken, Texas should not suffer
on that account.
Mr, STEPHENS said that was true, and he
supposed the gentleman, as a representative of
Texas, would have asserted her rights, whatever
they may be; but, although these things had oc-
curred two years ago, and a government has exist-
ed there during that period, yet the gentleman has
been silent to the present moment, and was even
now unwilling to make inquiry into them.
Mr. PILLSBURY. It is not their business.
Mr. STEPHENS would leave that to the Rep-
resentatives from Texas to decide. He, however,
wished, before he undertook to legislate, to know
what the extent of the new territory was. He
wished to know which of these governments which
have been established have jurisdiction on this side
of the Rio Grande. How can Congress, without
knowing what were the limits, organize a Terri-
torial Government there? He believed it was the
modern doctrine held by the party opposite, that
Congress cannot legislate at all in the Territories;
and yet the President calls on them to legislate for
these Territories, and has given us no satisfactory
information as to what we are to legislate for—
where the jurisdiction of New Mexico ends, and
Texas begins. He had noticed amongst the doc-
uments accompanying the late message of the Presi-
dent, a copy of the instructions to Mr. Slidell, in
1845, which this House, on a former occasion, had
called for in vain, and which now were slipped in
with other papers, without one word in relation to
them. Mr. S. well knew, or believed, that these
instructions would never see the light so long as
the war lasted, for they showed conclusively, as
he always thought they would, that the statements
in the message of 1846, which he had quoted, were
made to deceive the people of this country as to
the true boundary of Texas, and were not consist-
ent with the facts of the ease~ Now,(Mr. S. said,)
in those instructions, Mr. Buchanan, after arguing
the claim of Texas to the Rio Grande near its
mouth, or below the Paso del Norte, uses this lan-
guage:
"The case is different in regard to New Mexico. Santa
F6, its capital, was settled by the Spaniards more than two
centimes ago, and the province has been ever since m their
possession and that of the Republic of Mexico. The Tex-
ans never have conquered or taken possession of it, nor
have its people ever been represented in any of their legis-
lative assemblies or conventions."
And yet Mr. Polk, in 1846, had informed the
country that the Texas we had annexed extended
to the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source.
No wonder he kept these instructions from the
public, and no wonder he refused the call of this
House for them.
Mr. McLANE here entered into a colloquy with
the gentleman from Georgia, but,from the position
in which Mr. McL. stood, he was not distinctly
heard.
Mr. STEPHENS proceeded, and said that the
Siideil instructions (to which Mr. McLane's ob-
servations were supposed to have referred) had
never been published by the President. They had
been published by some minion or some enemy of
the President, but not by the President himself.
Nor had they ever been published by the Senate
that Mr. S. was aware of. He knew that this
House had called upon the President for those
documents, but they had not been received from
the Executive; nay, the President had positively
refused to give them,
Mr. McLANE again interposed, but the reporter
could not hear the purport of his remarks.
Mr. STEPHENS continued. The documents
furnished do not contain the information I want.
There is no map exhibiting the boundaries of New
Mexico. The.President has once asserted that
the whole territory-on this side the Rio del Norte,
from its mouth to its source, constitutes a part of
the State of Texas;^and, in the instructions to Mr.
Slidell, his Secretary of State asserts that all New
Mexico had fortwo centuries belonged to Mexico.
Who, after such contradictions as these, can be-
lieve him? Yes; who can believe the President of
the United States?
Mr. McLANE here interposed, and insisted
that the two documents were strictly consistent.
They "were both laid before the House by the Ex-
ecutive of the country; and he called on the gefi-
tleman from Georgia to put confidence in the
official statements of his own Government. He
told that gentleman, as the President told the
House, that the Rio Grande was the western
boundary of Texas, from its mouth to its source;
and yet that a portion of that line was disputed by
Mexico. He told the gentleman, further, that the
information he sought for lay at this moment on
the Speaker's table, and would have been now in
possession of the Hodse had it not been for the
opposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton.)
Mr. STEPHENS resumed. The gentleman
said the instructions to Mr. Slidell and the mes-
sage to the House which he had cited were per-
fectly consistent with each other. If the gentle-
man could believe that, he could believe anything.
Mr. S. turned him over. The one document said
that Texas had extended its jurisdiction up to the
Rio Grande from its source to its mouth, while
the other affirmed that they never had established
or exercised any jurisdiction above El Paso.
Were these two statements consistent? Would
the gentleman say they were? He did not wish
to get the gentleman from Maryland into any
difficulty, and he would read him the two state-
ments over again.
Mr. S. here read them again, and particularly
called the attention of the gentleman to the lan-
guage of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Slidell. Here Mr.
Buchanan admitted that Texas never had estab-
lished her jurisdiction farther up the river than
the Paso del Norte, and that was the very point in
the whole case. The gentleman from Maryland
said that the information sought for was on the
Speaker's table. Mr. S. took issue with him (5n
that assertion. The information was not there.
Mr. S. was familiar with the documents; he had
examined them, and he knew what they contained,
and he informed the gentleman that what he sought
for was not there.
Mr. McLANE reiterated his assertion that it
was all there; and again maintained that the in-
structions to Mr. Slidell and the President's mes-
sage stated precisely the same thing.
Mr. STEPHENS said he could not bear any
more of these interruptions; he had submitted to
them three times and the gentleman did but repeat
the same thing. He would ask the gentleman
where the boundary of New Mexico begun ?
Mr. McLANE said that the instructions took
the Rio Grande from its mouth to its source as
the true boundary, but admitted that Mexico dis-
puted this as to the river above El Paso.
Mr. STEPHENS said that those instructions
said nothing about disputed boundary, but de-
clared that Texas had never extended her jurisdic-
tion over Santa Fe. Now, what Mr. S. wanted was
the line—the boundary line between Texas and
New Mexico; it was not there. If thegentleman
! asserted that it was, Mr. S. would again tell him
! it was not. There was no information on that
i subject as to where the proper line was.
S Mr. McLANE replied, and was understood by
! the reporter to say that Congress had not called
j for any map. The boundary was specified in
; words. The instructions recognized the river as
! the boundary quite up to its source, but admitted
1 that Mexico had never admitted this.
Mr. STEPHENS said he hoped the gentleman
would not interrupt him by a repetition of that
statement. The instructions to Mr. Slidell said
nothing about an admission of Mexico. Nor did
the message, in words, say where the boundary
