1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
this all in a state of profound peace! With what 1
consistency, then, did the gentleman from Georgia
declaim against the public debt incurred during the
great emergencies of existing war?
Mr. STEPHEN'S wished to state that the debt
created by the Whigs arose from the funding of
the accumulated debt of the country, in the nature
of outstanding treasury notes, at the time of their
coming into power in 1841. The accruing revenue
at the time, under the operation of the tariff left
by the Democratic administration, had run down
to about eleven millions of dollars. From the de-
ficiency of the accruing revenue to meet the ordi-
nary wants of the treasury, Mr. Van Buren had
issued an enormous amount of treasury notes.
These notes had been funded by the Whig ad min-
istration when they came into power in March,
1841; that was the only debt; and it was being
rapidly paid off under the tariff of 1842. It had
been reduced on the incoming of this Administra-
tion to $17,000,000, and that tariff had brought a
surplus of $10,000,000 into the treasury, which
would have reduced it to $7,000,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND understood the effect of
the gentleman's explanation to be this: that the
public debt under Mr. Van Buren was so large
and so indefinite in its form that when the Whigs
came into power m 1841 they had found it neces-
sary to fund it, and that, in effect, the public debt
had not been increased under General Harrison's
administration. Now,he took issue with the gen- ;
tleman, and he did not speak from a general recol- ;
lection of facts, but from the facts themselves. ,
Mr. STEPHENS explained that the gentleman |
had misapprehended him, and that he had stated,
or intended to state, that no other public debt was :
created by the Whigs except that which was neces-
sary to meet the deficiency in the accruing reve- !
nue, that, under the operation of the tariff under :
Mr. Van Buren, (during the last years of the com- !
promise act,) had run down to eleven millions of
dollars per annum. That was the whole amount 1
of the accruing revenue. It was not, of course,
sufficient to meet the ordinary expenses of the !
Government, which, he would state, were greatly i
less than those under Mr. Van Buren—at least ten
millions of dollars less than the highest expendi- j
tures under his administration. The Whigs, he |
acknowledged, were obliged, on first coming into j
power, to increase the debt, but it was owing to j
the misrule of the Democratic party in reference
to the tariff; but as soon as the tariff of 1842, which
they passed, had time to go into effect, it proved
sufficient not only to meet the ordinary expenses
or the Government, but rapidly to pay off the
public debt; which had in cffect been done to within
seven millions of dollars, the amount of debt upon
Mr. Polk's elevation to the Presidency being sev-
enteen millions of dollars, and there being a sur-
plus of ten millions in the treasury.
Mr. McCLERNAND understood the gentle-
man's explanation then to be, that the Whigs,
when they came into power in 3841, had found
the accruing revenues of the Government insuf-
ficient to meet its ordinary expenditures in time
of profound peace, when these same accruing rev-
enues had been sufficient to support Mr. Van
Buren's administration m a war with the Seminole
Indians.
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all. Mr. Van Buren
found the revenue a good deal too small, and made
up the deficiency by issuing treasury notes.
Mr. McCLERNAND proposed to reduce these
speculations to facts. The expenditures of the last
year of Mi. Van Buren's administration were less
than those of the first year of the Whig adminis-
tration. The public debt when Mr. Van Buren
went out was a little more than $8,000,000, em-
bracing outstanding claims, and that was all that
it amounted to. Within perhaps the first year,
or if not the first year, at all events within the two
years immediately succeeding the inauguration of
General Harrison, the public debt was increased
to some $26,000,000; so that not only were the
expenses of a Whig administration, but the public
debt increased, and that in a state of profound
peace. Yet the gentleman rose and taunted the
Democratic party with a public debt which had
been brought about by a great, a brilliant, a suc-
cessful war; a war which had far more than reim-
buised the expenses in the value of the country
acquired.
The gentleman had also spoken of the ungen-
erous course, as he held, of Mr. Polk toward*
General Taylor. How had that course been un-
generous, or unjust? At the breaking out of the
war, had not the President selected General Taylor
from all the officers of the army for the command?
Was that an act of hostility? Shortly after, had
he not promoted him to be a major general, and
put him in command of all the army in Mexico
for a timer And during the greater part of the war,
had not General Taylor been holding the rank of
major general? Had this been unjust or ungen-
erous? It occurred to him that it was rather unjust
and ungenerous in the gentleman to bring this
charge against the Administration. The gentleman
said the Administration had stripped General Tay-
lor of his arms, and left him with a small band "at
Buena Vista to defend himself against the thou-
sands who attacked him there. The thousands
who Were taken from him there were taken under
the command and by the recommendation of Gen-
eral Scott. It had become necessary, as he (Mr.
McC.) understood, not only in the judgment of
General Scott, but of General Taylor, that a por-
tion of the men in his command should be detached
to General Scott, in order that the line of opera-
tions from Vera Cruz to Mexico might be carried
on.
But the gentleman glorified General Taylor for
his military achievements. He (Mr. McC.) would
be the very last man to detract one particle from
his reputation. He had served his country faith-
fully; he had served his country well. He was
willing to accord to him all the honor which was
due to him as a military chieftain. But with what
propriety could it be said before the country that he i
was fit to occupy the highest civil station within
the gift of the people—the highest civil office in the
world ? A few years ago the voice of the gentleman
and of his whole party had been heard denouncing,
in eloquent tones, from one end of the country to the
other, the policy of elevating military chieftains
to the Presidency <*s dangerous to the liberties of
the country; and the great " embodiment" of the
Whig party, as he (Mr. McC.) had understood
from history and tradition, had solemnly declared
that he would rather see war, pestilence, and famine
desolate the country, than to see a military hero
elevated to the Executive chair. He had made
the declaration in reference to General Jackson,
whose civil was superior to his military reputa-
tion. He had been a lawyer, a district judge, a
member of the convention which framed the con-
stitution of Tennessee, a United States Senator,
the Governor of Florida, a minister to Mexico.
The greater portion of his life after he had attained
his majority had been spent in the service of his
country, and his military reputation was only in-
cidental and subordinate to his civil merits. Yet,
in rcfcrence to that man, the great leader and em-
bodiment of Whigery had proclaimed he would
rather see war, pestilence, and famine desoUfr. the
country than see a military chieftain elected Presi-
dent. Was it asserted that General Taylor, with
all his military skill—which he (Mr. McC.) ad mired
—had had any civil experience; that he had ever
devoted a week, a month, a year to the study of
political economy; that he was anything more
than a military chieftain and an honest man ? And
what did gentlemen propose? They proposed to
transfer a military chieftain, unrecommended by
any great civil services and experience, reeking—
although he did not raise this as an objection for
himself—reeking with blood and carnage from the
battle-field, to the highest civil office known to our
Constitution or to the world!
But one word in regard to the cause of this war.
The gentleman from Georgia had denounced the
President as being the cause of this war, by the :
perpetration of an unconstitutional, unwarrantable .
act. He (Mr. McC.) held that the President was j
not responsible for this war. He held that the ;
Whig party, who clected John Tyler, who pro- i
jected the scheme of annexation, and precipitated
the question upon the country, were responsible
for the war. The party with whom he was asso- •
ciated had told their opponents, when they brought 1
John Tyler before the country, and were eulogiz- '
ing him as a worthy candidate, that he was unfit
for the place. Why had they elected him? Be- ,
cause he was the type and the representative of 1
the southern modification of Whigery; because he ■
was relied on to bring the South to the support of
the Whig ticket, while General Harrison was to ,
command the support of the North and West, j
This same John Tyler, who had been elected by i
the Whigs against the expostulation and efforts of
the party with whom he acted, had projected the
annexation of Texas, and in effect consummated
the annexation of Texas; and it was not for the
Whig party to shrink from the responsibility
which attached to them in consequence.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to know if the gentle-
man, at this late day, pretended to hold the Whig
party responsible for the acts of John Tyler? The
Whigs had only supported him until they found
him dishonest, and then the Democrats took him
up.
Mr. McCLERNAND repeated that the Whig •
party supported Mr. Tyler because they regarded
him as the exponent of Wing policy at the South,
while General Harrison was to ensure thp support
of the Federalists of the North and the Whigs of
the West. The argument was—
" We so for Tip find Tyler therefore,
Without a why or wherefore."
These were the evils which he and gentlemen
with whom he acted had predicted would be brought
upon the country by the success of the Whig party
in 1840. They had foietold, if not that war would be
produced, that the public debt would be increased,
that the public expenditures would be wastefully,
extravagantly increased, and that there would be
a reign of misrule; and their prediction had been
realized. He might say that Mr. Tyler, in his
connection with the question of annexation, had
done it as much for the disorganization and defeat
of the Democratic party in the nomination they
weie about to make as for the .success of the
measure. The Democratic party were not respon-
sible for Mr. Tyler's acts; but the Whig party,
who forced him upon the countrv through their
arts and devices. The gentleman from Ohio asked
him whether the Whig party did not discard Mr.
Tyler when he betrayed them, and if the Demo-
cratic party did not support him r He (Mr. McC.)
replied, the Democratic party did not ^unport him.
He, for one, did not; nordid the Democratic party
in this House. The gentleman from Ohio said he
(Mr. Tyler) supported the Democratic party. He
did support the Democratic party by bringing for-
ward the question of the annexation of Texas to
divide and distract that party.
Mr. SCHENCK said that Mr. Tyler had sup-
ported a great many of the Democracy by distrib-
uting to them the loaves and fishes.
Mr. McCLERNAND knew it was the practice
of gentlemen to meet facts with bold and ground-
less assertions. He (Mr. McC.) knew the Demo-
cratic party had never had any connection with
John Tyler; he knew he (Mr. Tyler) had projected
the annexation of Texas with the view of defeat-
ing the Democratic candidate for the Piesidencv,
and everybody admitted that the war had grown
out of the annexation of Texas.
in resuming his s^at, he apologized for the hasty
anil desultory manner in which, ha\ing lisen with-
out preparation, he had presented facts; such facts,
he trusted, as were of themselves a sufficient an-
swer and a complete refutation of the charges
brought forward by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. SCHENCK next rose, and said that the
gentleman from Illinois deprecated the introduction
and discussion of the subject now before the House.
Looking at it from another point of view, he. (Mr.
S.) congratulated the House and tho country that
it had taken place, and expressed the hearty hope
that there would be. much more of the same sort
before the remainder of the session was consumed.
They had now engaged in treating of matters in
the discussion of which they should have been
employed as early as the fiist week of the session.
The country, and he might say the Whig party,
expected a great deal of this House of Repiesent-
atives: and especially that every effort would be
made to ferret out the misdemeanors, the miscon-
duct, the usurpation of power, and outrages upon
the rights of the people committed by this Admin-
istration.
Mr S. also made free use of the P, evident s mes-
sage, concerning the new governments m Mexico,
arguing that he was in conflict with himself, and
commenting witK much emphasis theieon.
Mr. DONNELL moved to amend the resolu-
tions by adding the following thereto:
Resolved, fwther, That the President of the Untied States,
he H'uu'.'sted to inform thn House how union uuul'C i.md
the G-ovprnnient of the United State* h is acquired j'nder
the fifth article of the treaty concluded signed on the 2d
dav of February, 1843, between the ( uitcd fcu-tes oi Ameri-
ca aad the Mexicap Republic, which is tree from aad not
