1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
lay of a bill of such absolute necessity to the public
service.
Mr. COCB said, to avoid this very difficulty, he
had not moved to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, but to
leave it on the Speaker's table, where it would «
come up regularly every morning. '
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
,-m iVT,v Cobb's motion to proceed to the business ,
| it had been referred to the Library Committee,
| thus bringing the subject under consideration, and
hence he had been induced to offer this amend-
ment. The object was, to make an appropriation
to purchase manuscripts which were said to be
very valuable, and of which he had some proof if
it was deemed necessary to produce it. He re-
ferred to two letters which he held in his hand from
-   two gentlemen who belong to the two political par*
on the speaker s table, and remarked, in case this ties of the country,) Mr. Van Buren to Mr. W.
was agreed to, it would be considered that the biil ■! C. Rives.) The author of these papers belonged
and amendments were ordered to be printed by | to the Democratic party, but he nevertheless ha-
general consent, unless objections were made. 'I sired that those papers should be published, for he
^ After some conversation, in the course of which believed they were very valuable papers, many of
tne SPEAKER stated, in reply to an inquiry of ,| which had never yet seen the light. Tbey were of
Mr. BL RT, that the first business on the Speaker's ,\ a character which showed that thev belonged to
j Speaker'*
table was the message of the President of the
United States communicating information of the
treaty of peace—the question was taken and dis-
agreed to by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrniser, Berhnger, Binsham, Blanch-
ard, Bowdon, Bowlin. Boyd, Bo\don, WiMikm G. Brown,
Albert G. Brown, Oatlicart, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Dame!, Drulinjr, Diekey,
Garnett Duncan, Edvall, Feathenton, Ficklin, "Freedlcy,
French, Fries, Gott, Green, Wilhard P. Hall, Harmansoii,
HiHuird, George S. Houston, Inge, Itvm, Jenkiitp, Andicw
Johnson, James M. Johnson, G W. Jone?, Kaufman, Daniel
P. Kin?, Lahirt, Sidney Lawrence, Lord, Lumpkin. Mae-
lay, McClelland, McKay, Marvin, Miller, Mullm, \TeNmi.
haracter which showed that they belonged to
the country, and he hoped they would share the
fate of others which this House had heretofore
purchased. He would not detain the House with
a speech on the subject, but refer gentlemen to a
report which was made during the last Congress
by the gentleman opposite [Mr. BrodheadJ on
this very subject.
S Mr. PALFREY moved, for the puipose of ob-
i taining an opportunity to make a few lernarks, to
1 amend the amendment by adding twenty thousand
, dollars for the purchase of the papers of Alexander
| Hamilton. The subject had come upon him very
New,ill, NicolK Pea<h o, Peek, Pendleton, Peine, Pevton', I unexpectedly; but as allusion had been made to
ij of Vihra'T Committee, though he
- — ~ - ' | was not autnorized to speak for that committee,
; as no other member of the Library Committee was
, present, he would say a word or two expressive
| of his own views upon the subject. He was not
, aware that the Library Committee had ever had
' the subject under consideration. If they had, it
' was at a time when he was absent; but if he was
^ to express Ins opinion of this set of manuscripts,
; he should say that he deeply regretted that their
; purchase had not been earlier ordered, so that the
; writings of Mr. Jefferson could have been ghen to
j the world under the responsibility of the nation,
and not under such auspices as those under which
; a part of Mr. Jefferson's papers had been published.
! They should all be published in a manner that
| would be creditable to the fame of that great man,
and of this nation.
The CHAIRMAN reminded thegentieman from
Massachusetts that five minutes were allowed to
him to explain his amendment, to which he must
confine himself.
Mr. PALFREY submitted, that in order to make
his own amendmentsatisfactory, it was proper that
he should make some remarks on the object con-
templated by the amendment which he proposed
to amend. However, the remarks which he de-
sired to make, applied equally to the papers of |
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Hamilton. What he had I
to say was true of both, and therefore, when he
spoke of Mr. Hamilton, he hoped the committee !
would undeistand him as speaking likewise of Mr.
Jefferson. The papers which yet remain in manu-
script, both of Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Jefferson,
he understood were very voluminous; they were
intimately connected with the history of the coun-
try through a long series of years; nothing could
be more important than these writings were to our
history; and it was in the highest degree material
that these papers should be rescued from the pos-
session of anybody where they would be exposed 1
to any chance or accident, and placed in the pos-
session of this country and of the woild through a
channel such as this nation could approve. He i
felt confident that the Library Committee enter-
tained these opinions in common with himself.
Mr. NICOLL inquired if these matters had ever
been referred to any committee of this House? If
so, he would like to have the report read.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman from
New York that this was not a debatable question
under the order of the House. The Chairman had
not the information required by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. NICOLL supposed the infoimation could
be obtained at the clerk's desk.
The CHAIRMAN said, doubtless; and the gen-
tleman from New York could obtain it there, and
relieve the Chair from further responsibility.
Mr. BOWLIN said it wos proper that t'.ic- no'.iH
should be settled whether these amendments were
in order under the 81st rule of the House. The
Chair, on the question being raised by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] decided that
Smart, Strong, Thoma«, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Robert A Thompson, \>nable, Waneri, Wf-nUvorth.
White, Wick, Wiley, Williams,and Woodward—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, BotN, Brady, Brodhead, Hack-
lier, Buit, Cabell, Canhv. Chapman, Chase, Chnspuan,
Cocke. Collamer, Conger, C«anston,CrNfieId, Orowell, Cro-
zier, Cummins, Dixon, Donnell, Darnel Duncan, Dunn,
Edwards, Emhree, Alexander .Evans, Nathan Evans, Faran,
Fatrelly, Fisher, Flournoy, Tulton, G unps, Gayk*, Gentry,
Gog'iin, Gregory, Grinnel!, Xathan K. Ii:ill.Jame< G Hamp-
ton. Mo*es Hampton, Haralson. Harti*. Haskell. Henlev,
Henrv. Eiias B. Holme?, John \V. Hon-ton, Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hunt. Chaile< T Tour rsnll, Joseph R. Iiisrer^oll, Tverson,
John IV. Jone<, KeHoga, ICennon, Thomas Butlei King,
William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, MeCiernand, McLam-, Job
Mann, Horace Mann. Meade, Morris. Outlaw, PultYev,
Phelps. Pollock, Preston, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Rose, Root, Rumsey, Sawyer, Silvester. Simpson,
Shngeiland, Smart, Truman Smith, Strohm. Talhnadge,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, John B Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Thurston, Tompkins, Van Dyke, Vinton,-and Wal-
lace—93.
So the motion of Mr. Cobb was rejected.
The above vote having been announced—
Mr, VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BOTTS asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion, and they were ordered, and resulted: Yeas
305, nays G9.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of
Ohio, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to add an item to those
for the Library of Congress, to appropriate twenty ,
thousand dollars for the purchase of the manuscript
papers of the late President Jefferson. i
Mr. G. W. JONES interposed, and inquired if
the motion was in order, there being no law autho-
ring the appropriation? He based his objection
on the eighty-first rule, which provides that " no 1
appropriation shall be reported in such general ,
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law.1'
Mr. GOGGIN said itwasati amendment relating
to the Library of Congress, for which it proposed
a purchase of books, and it was therefore in order. !
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was in
order.
Mr. JONES submitted that there was no law
authorizing the purchase of these papers, and there-
fore it was not in order to introduce an item m the
general appropriation bill to pay for them.
The CHAIRMAN said the item was proposed
for the purchase of books for the library, which
was now in existence; and the rule from which
the gentleman from Tennessee had quoted gave
authority to make appropriations <l in continuation
of appiopriationsforsuch public works and objects
as are already in progress." He held the amend-
ment to be in order.
Mr. GOGGIN said he did not want to discuss
ihe amendment at all, but simply to remark that a
memorial had been presented to this House, and they were in order, and he now again raised the
i' question for the purpose of taking an appeal from
, the decision of the Chair.
Tellers were demanded on the appeal, and
! Messrs. Ve\table and Pollock were appointed,
I and they reported 66 in the affirmative and 51 in
, the negative. The decision of the Chair was there-
fore sustained as the judgment of the committee.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Pal-
frey] to the amendment of Mr. Gockjust, and it
' was adopted by a majority of 63 to 55.
The question recurred on the amendment as
• amended.
Mr. YENABLE made a pro forma motion, that
lie mi^ht express his uncompromising opposition
: to this whole matter, from beginning to end. He
believed it was the introduction of a system which
involved an incalculable amount of money. He
would vote for the purchase of the manuscripts of
; Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton as
: soon as fot those of anybody; but, if this course
was to be pursued, it would not be many years
^ before the hundred volumes of Mr. J. Q,. Adams's
journal and writings, and perhaps the papers of
ex-Prcsidcnt Tyler, would be mirchased.
i Mr. PALFREY. with some warmth, denied
1 that the House would ever be asked to purchase
the papers of Mr. Adams.
' Mr. VENABLE said thev should have been
'j told the same thing about these Jefferson and Hum-
| ilton papers ten years ago. He was opposed to
1 the whole system, as one which would inevitably
be attended with mischievous results. As to the
, purchase of Mr. Adams's paneis, he hoped the
, question never would be tested. When papers
were valuable, they would most assuredly come
to the li^h.t. If he had been present when the
Madison papers wore purchased, lie should have
voted against that motion for the same reason that
influenced him to vote against this. The whole
was wron<r hi principle.
Mr. MILLER also made a pro forma motion.
He was opposed to the amendment, and he was
opposed to the manner in which it was urged on
the attention of the committee. The gentleman
:'l from Virginia, in offering his amendment for the
purchase of the papers of Thomas Jefferson, ad-
jl dressed himself to the members on the Democratic
'j side of the House, and the gentleman from Mas-
j saehusetts made a motion which commended itself
; to the gentleman on the other side of the House;
: and by these means both sides of the House were
1 appealed to, these two gentlemen—Jefferson and
' Hamilton—being the founders of the two great
' parties which now divide this country. As these
questions were presented to the committee in such
! a manner, it was apparent that the gentlemen who
made the motions were satisfied that they could
; not be sustained by argument, and hence they ap-
pealed to the prejudices of both sides of the House.
Now, he was opposed to this system. He was
opposed to the purchase of the papers of Mr. Mad-
ison, and he should be equally opposed to the pur-
chase of the papers of anybody else, even of the
illustrious Jefferson. He would give no vote for
any such purpose, for the whole system was wrong,
if any writings were valuable and worthy of pub-
lication, they would present inducements for then-
publication without the interference of the Gov-
ernment. By private enterprise they would come
to light, and hence no justification could be fur-
nished for such an extravagant waste of the public
money. He might here remark that all the papers
of Mr. Jefferson which were deemed valuable had
been published already. What evidence was there
before the committee that these papers were of the
value which was placed on them by the movers of
these amendments, and which the committee was
called upon to vote? He did not even know what
these papers were. It might be that the papers of
Alexander Hamilton advocated a policy which had
been repudiated by this Government from its
foundation to the present moment. What, he
asked, was their object5 He was unwilling that
the committee shouM be brought to sanction the
purchase of pnners until thev knew wnat it was
thev were called upon to publish. Who had given
them that information? The chairman of the com-
mittee said he did not even know that Uiey had
been before the Library Commute*. Did any of
them know? And yet they were esk«*d to appro-
priate £.20,000 for each_ of two sets of paneis of
which they knew nothing. He thought H wns
a matter of some importance, and, especially a&
