1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
the reduction general. The time was propitious;
the Government was deeply in debt, and the ex-
penditures were large; moreover, a Presidential
election was approaching, and he wished to see
which of the parties would go before the people
with the best front on this question.
The amendment was rejected: Ayes 54, noes 62.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to increase the salary
proposed for the two additional clerks in the First
Auditor's office, from $1,000 each per annum to
$1,150 to cach per annum, and to increase the
amount appropriated for the office from $21,400
to $21,700.
Mr. B. said the salary proposed was the same
as that received by the other officers who per-
formed the same service.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment to the end of the item making appro-
priates for the Second Auditor's office, providing
for thirteen additional clerks, which the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to employ after the
passage of this act in said office for twelve months,
at a compensation not exceeding $3 per day, for the
settlement of the accounts of paymasters and the
accounts for arrears of pay of discharged and
deceased officers and soldiers, and the accounts of
captains of companies, and for company clothing,
&c., $12,000.
Mr. R. explained the necessity for this increase
of clerks, arising out of the press of business upon
the office consequent upon the war.
Some conversation and explanations as to the
state of business in the Second Auditor's office,
the additional number of clerks necessary, &c.,
occurred between Messrs. BOWLIN, VINTON,
ROCKWELL of Connecticut, HUDSON, HEN-
LEY, CROZIER, PICKLIN, and JONES of
Tennessee.
Mr. DICKEY moved that the committee rise:
Ayes 64, noes 39.
The committee rose accordingly and reported
progress.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and leferred:
By Mr. TAYLOR : The petition of Robert D. Stephenson
and 90 others, citizens of Jackson county, in the State of
Ohio, piaying Congress to pass laws prohibiting, under the
heaviest penalties, the importation of ail intoxicating drinks.
By Mi. GREEN : A petition for the relief of Jesse For-
sythe, of Knox countv, Missouri.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition of Nathaniel Smith and
others, ot Ontario county, New York, prajing Congress for
n reduction of the rates oi postage. Also, the petition of Wil-
liam F Sheeden, Sireno French, and others.
By Mr. PALFREY: The memorial of Henry R. School-
craft, pi ayirig for the adoption of a suitable system of nom-
enclature foi the public lands.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts : The petition of Alonzo
Chapin and others, of Abington, Massachusetts, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege and for the reduction
of postage.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 11, 1848-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred a
resolution inquiring into the expediency of increas-
ing the number of cadets at West Point, reported
that it was inexpedient, and asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution;
which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Ambrose R. Da-
venport; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK made an effort to take up the bill to
increase the naval force of the United States by
adding thereto the ■personnel of the late Republic of
Texas.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested that it had better be
postponed until the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] had closed his remarks on the Oregon
bill; to which Mr. RUSK assented. i
Mr. DICKINSON moved to take up the bill to |
establish a branch Mint in the city of New York, ]
setting forth the reasons that pressed on his mind |
for prompt action on the bill; but the motion was j
decided in the negative. j
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. |
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate I
took up the amendments to the naval appropriation j
bill. 1
The question being on the amendment of the
committee, striking out the appropriation of $7,500
for furnishing the marine hospital at New Or-
Mr. ATHERTON gave the reasons which had
induced the committee to strike out this appropria-
tion. it was not a proper subject to be introduced
in a bill of this character. The committee desired
to exclude all objects which did not legitimately
belong to an appropriation bill. Sailors of the
United States navy were not admitted into this in-
stitution. He defended the committee against the
charge of partiality, alleging that the desire of the
committee was to avoid the admission of items
which might delay the passage of the bill. The
committee had also been charged with a design to
destroy the system of erecting marine hospitals,
which he denied. This appropriation might be
made in a separate bill, to which there would prob-
ably be little objection. He did not suppose that
any one contemplated the carrying out of the sys-
tem all at once. As in the system laid down for
fortifications, it must be perfected gradually. The
appropriations which had been made for the pur-
chase of sites was intended only as a preliminary
step. Congress did not appropriate money for this
purpose until 1842. The only appropriations since
were for three hospitals—$25,000 to be divided
between the three. This was barely sufficient to
make a commencement. One of these hospitals
had been only raised to its first story, and another
was not far advanced. It would require $50,000
for each of these buildings. It was important that
the money appropriated should not be wasted,
while we ought to give all the relief we could.
Our first objcct should be to finish the three hospi-
tals which were in progress, before we go on with
others, and not rush at once to the completion of
all which it was in contemplation to erect. He
assured the Senate that the committee had no feeling
on the subject, and that its only object was to ex-
clude what they deemed irrelevant items from the
bill, and thus prevent any unnecessary delay in its
Mr. U&DERWOOD regretted this pertinacious
objection to the appropriation. There was no
objection to the thing on its merits, but to the inap-
propriateness in this bill. He then showed from
the Journals that the commencement of this appro-
priation was in the naval appropriation bill.
Mr.-1 ATHERTON said that was a departure
from all precedent. The practice had been to in-
troduce these matters m the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said this was the only
appropriation of the kind. The others had been
for the purchase of sites. The House had inserted
it in this bill, and why should we strike it out?
He read from a paper in his hand a statement of
the amounts received at Louisville from the boat-
men, to which the appropriations for hospitals bore
no proportion. The amounts contributed at Pitts-
burg are much greater. With these facts, shall
we, for a mere technical objection, strike out the
appropriation? He hoped not. There was a
greater similitude between this subject and our
naval service than between many other matters
which frequently find their way into an appropri-
ation bill. Many works which have been com-
menced are falling into dilapidation for want of
appropriations. He quoted from the opinions and
facts in a report of Colonel Long, superintendent
of one of these works, to show the injurious con-
sequences of these delays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said he under-
stood this motion was to be followed up by mo-
tions to strike out all similar appropriations. He
reminded the Senate that this hospital was com-
pleted, and that it was only asked to buy the fur-
iiituie, without which the building cannot be used.
At this sickly position, where so many hundreds
of sailors have already died, it is highly important
that the hospital should be furnished. The com-
pletion of this work would save the Government
$12,000 a year; and he hoped it would not be de-
feated by a frivolous objection.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until to-mor-
row.
OREGON BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi—
Mr. HUNTER then addressed the Senate, ex-
pressing his regret that the subject had been forced
on the South, as it ha'd been by the report of the
Committee on Territories. The course of the
North had been sufficient to stir the blood, but he
would endeavor to discuss the question dispas-
sionately. The truth was with the South, and the
truth would be best presented when presented with
calmness. Referring to the constant course of
legislation in relation to the Teiritories, he was
surprised to hear it denied that the Government of
the United States had the authority to govern the
Territories. It was an authority derived from the
power of acquiring territories, and it was limited in
its character. It is also deducible from the power
of Congress to dispose of the public lands, of pre-
venting trespasses, and of arresting fugitives.
This power remains in Congress, under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, until they become
States. Congress has also the right to govern the
Territories for the purpose of training them, in
order that they may be prepared to become States.
He then went into a view of the poweis implied,
in order to show to what objects they extended,
and where the limitation of these powers was to be
found. The limitation is, when Congress attempts
to do anything which the Constitution does not
warrant.
If the power to govern the Territories does not
exist in Congress, where is it to be found ? It has
been said that it resides in the people of the Ter-
ritories. This he denied. If Congress had no
right to govern the Territories, what light has it
to extend the revenue laws over a Territory, or to
make a treaty, or do any other act of sovereignty
there ? The assumption was an unconstitutional
one. The Constitution specifies certain restrictions
on the power of Congress in the States, which are
not to be found as regaids Territories. It follows
that the power cannot reside in the people of the
Territories, but, by necessary implication, it be-
longs to Congress. The States cannot acquire
territory. Territory acquired is the property of
all the States, and must be governed by the power
which is the agency of the States conjointly. The
only rule of construction which can be sustained
is that which renders the whole instrument con-
sistent and harmonious.
There are certain powers of which Congress is
deprived: the power of passing ex post facto laws,
or to establish a form of religion; and it refrains
from attempting to carry out any of these powers
in the Territories. Congress is bound to maintain
the equality of the citizens and the equality of the
States. Every individual has a right to enjoy the
rewards and honors of the Government, and every
State has a right to share in the privileges which
are conferred on the others. In this equality is to
be found the whole secret of our progress. Destroy
the one, and you destroy the other. He referred
to the clauses of the Constitution in which this
principle of equality was to be found. The States
are not allowed to make treaties, or to regulate
commerce, or to lay duties, because they might
exercise these powers to the destruction of this
equality. Congress is bound to respect this limi-
tation in all its legislation, especially in regard
to the acquisition of territory. Congress may not
touch the right of the States to colonize the newly-
acquired territories. He contended that it was
indispensable to secure the domination of the white
race, as well for the interest of that race anti for
the welfare of the slave.
if the power to govern Territories devolves on
Congress, it brings with it the obligation on Con-
gress to protect the property of the citizen. It had
been said that the right of establishing slavery was
involved in the right of prohibiting slavery. This
he denied, because the questions rested on different
grounds. It would not be denied in England, and
it could not be denied anywhere, that m Virginia
slaves were property, and that property ought to
be respected wherever it goes. Instead of the
owner being divested of his property whenever he
moves with it into another State, he has a right to
expect that it shall be protected. Was it compe-
tent to Congress to divest of his property any
owner of a slave who may take his slave to his
land in a new Territory? He denied that it was.
Whether slavery would or would not he beneficial
to the new States was a question which might be
mooted. It depended on the question of climate
