1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NICOLL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to establish a branch
mint at the city of New York. Read twice and
committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, reported bills for the relief
of Thomas H. Noble, for the relief of John Howe,
for the relief of Orange H. Dibble; which were
read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the House bill for the relief of John P.
Converse, reported the same back to the House
with an amendment.
Mr. R. explained the amendment, and asked
.that the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. DANIEL moved to commit the bill. Agreed
to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the Committee of
Claims, made adverse reports on the petitions of
B. I. H^ard, R. C. Prewitt, William Woodward,
and S. B. Olmstead. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bills for the relief of Richard Fields
and for the payment of Charles Richmond, report-
ed the same l)ack to the House without amend-
ment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bills for the ielief of J. F. Suthoron
and for the relief of Scimuel Crice, reported the
same back to the House with amendments. Com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of J. W. Nye,
assignee of P. Bargyand H. Stewart, reported the
same back to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of Jose Argote
Vallalobos, Marie Rose, Francois Felix, Marquis
de Fougeres, or their heirs or legal 1 epresentatives,
reported the same back to the House with an
amendment.
The amendment was read and agreed to, and
the bill was then read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Anna Maria
Baldwin. Laid on the table.
Mr. CROWELL, from the same committee,
reported bills for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John H. Piatt, for the relief of B.M. Bon-
ton, and for the relief of A. H. Patterson. Read
and committed.
On motion of Mr. C., the Committee of Claims
was discharged from the petitions of Thomas
Copeland, Mary E. Rnnfoot, executrix of John
Chirk, deceased, George W. Kidd, Jane Parker,
and of the executor of John J. Bulon, deceased.
Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, madean adverse
report on the petition of the Pacific and other In-
surance Companies of New York. Laid on the
table.
Mr. NELSON, from the same committee, made
an adveise report on the petitions of Jeremiah Car-
penter and Daniel G. Garnsey. Laid on the table.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Thomas T. Gammage. Read
and committed.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to compensate and reimburse the
owner and crew of the whaling ship Chandler
Price the losses and expenses incurred in ransom-
ing the crew of the ship Columbia. Read and
& i
committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill to provide for the survey of the
mouth of Red river, in the State of Louisiana, re-
ported the same back to the Housenvithout amend-
ment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported the
following resolution, which was read and agreed
to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printine be directed to
inquue into the e\podiencyof printing 5,000 copies ot the
momoir, geographical, political, and. commercial, on the
prfisent state, pioduction, resources, and capabilities! for
commerce of Siberia, Manchooiia, and the Asiatic inlands
of the Northern Pacific Ocean, &c., by Aaron H Palmer,
and the map appended thereto, recently communicated by
the President, and pnnted by order of the Senate.
Mr. GRINNELL,from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Benjamin Adams & Co. and others, reported the
same back to the House without amendment.
Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill to admit certain articles the
growth of Canada free of duty, reported the same
back to the House with an amendment. The
amendment was read.
Mr. G. explained the bill, and asked to have it
put upon its passage.
Mr, POLLOCK, after making one or two re-
marks on the bill, not heard at the reporter's desk,
moved to commit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. McCLELLAND made an urgentappeal to
the House to put the bill on its passage, it being
a matter of great importance to New York and to
many or all of the other States, and moved the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
its operation, the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
and, being engrossed, was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Charles B. Cluskey.
Read and committed.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to annex that part of the State of
Indiana bordering on Lake Michigan to the Chi-
cago collection district.
The bill was read three times and passed, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred House
bill to cede to the State of Alabama the public lands
lying within the limits of said State for purposes
of education, reported the sameback to the House
without amendment. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been refened Senate bill to confirm to the legal
representatives of Joseph Dutailles the location of
a certain New Madrid certificate, reported the same
back to the House without amendment.
The bill was read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred Senate bill to revive an act authoriz-
ing certain soldiers in the late war with Great Brit-
ain to surrender the bounty lands drawn by them
and to locate others in lieu thereof, reported the
same back to the House with an amendment.
The amendment was read and agreed to.
Mr. C. explained the objects and provisions of
the bill.
It was then read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred House bill in addition to an act for
the relief of the inhabitants of the reserved town-
ships in Gibson county, Indiana, reported the same
back to the House without amendment.
Mr. EMBREE explained the bill, and asked to
have it put upon it passage.
The hill was then ordered to he engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. GOGGIN moved that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet to-morrow morning, at
ten o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the motion
by adding;, (tand that all the standing committees
of the House be discharged from all business re-
ferred to them."
The question was stated on agreeing thereto;
when—
On motion of Mr. STUART, of Michigan, Mr.
Goggin's motion was laid on the table.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bili.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS.
The amendment pending when the committee
rose yesterday was that of Mr. Jokes, of Tennes-
see, to the amendment of Mr. Rockwet i., of Con-
necticut, to strike out thirteen and insert fifteen; so
that it would read " for fifteen additional clerks,"
&c.
| The question was put, and the amendment to
! the amendment was rejected.
! Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved to add to
| the amendment the following:
' Providedj That such extia clerks shall uotbis uniplojed or
authorized until General Letvia Cass sbaJ! linve repaid to
the treasury of the United States eierhty per cent, of tile
extra allowances made to and received by liim from the
treasury of the United States.
Rul?d o-ut of order.
The question was then put on the amendment
moved yesterday by Mr. Rockwell, of Connecti-
cut, authorizing: the employment of thiiteen extra
clerks in the office of the Second Auditor, and it
was agreed to—ayes 71, noes 41.
Mr. VINTON moved to add to the item pro-
viding for the Third Auditor's office, " For com-
pensation of six additional clerks in said office for
one year, two at $1,200 per annum each, and four
at §1,000 per annum each, §6,400." Agreed to.
Mr VINTON moved to add to the item for
providing for the Fourth Auditor's office, " For
compensation of two clerks ir. said office, at
$1,000 per annum each, under the act of ,
1845, $9,000." Agieed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved to add to the end of the
item providing for the Treasurer's office a pro-
vision reducing the salary of the assistant treas-
urer at New York from four thousand to three
thousand dollars from and after July 1, 1848.
Mr. SAWYER said he made this motion in
good faith. This bill was right in itself in reducing
the salaries of certain officers. They ought to be
reduced. But why the salary of the Treasurer of
the United States should be reduced when the
assistant treasurer residing at New York was paid
§4,000, he was unable to discover. The duties
and expenses of the assistant treasurer at New
York were no greater than those of the Treasurer
here. The work of reduction had commenced,
and he desired to see it go on in the same ratio.
He had taken some pains to examine the piue
Book, and he should offer other amendments when
this was disposed of, for he gave his hearty assent
to the work of reduction m the salaries of public
officers. It might be that he did not know what
he was about. If this were so, he wished to be
set right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON suggested to his colleague that
the salary of the assistant treasurer ot New York
was provided for on page 24 of the bill.
Mr. SAWYER was aware of that; but there
was no provision made there for the reduction of
the salary. He had examined every line of the
bill, and he was aware of its provisions. He could
not withdraw his amendment until that portion of
the bill was reached, but he had no objection to
have it transferred.
By general consent, the amendment to which the
committee hud agreed was transferred to the 24th
page.
Mr. COLLINS moved to amend the item pro-
viding for the office of the Register of the Treasury,
by reducing the sum from ^28,300 to £*28,100, so
as to reduce the salary of the principal clerk in the
Stock Bureau from §1,400 per annum to §1,200
per annum.
Mr. COLLINS explained. He observed that
in February a resolve passed the House, calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury to give the House
information "respecting the number and compensa-
tion of the clerks in his department. The call was
referred by the Secretary to his subordinates, and
among others to the Register of the Treasury.
This officer made a report to the Secretary, which
the Secretary returned to the House. -
Mr. C. would call the attention of the commit-
tee to that letter, as published in the documents of
the House. In the original letter transmitted by
the Secretary, attached to the item for the salary
of the principal clerk engaged upon stocks was the
following: " Submitted #1,600: see note." The
note stated that the salary of that cl,prk had been
heretofore Si,400, but it was submitted to increase
it to $1,600. Now, the fact to which Mr. C wished
to call the notice of the committee was, that the
letter of the Secretary as recorded, did not contain
a word of this. Here, then, was obviously an in-
terpolation in the Secretary's letter, over the name
of the Register of the Treasury there
without any authority. It was intended for the
benefit of this principal clerk in the Stock Bureau.
He did not say it hud been made by him, but he
was the party to be benefited if the " submitted"
t i<em had been adopted. Mr. C., therefore, moved
! to amend the bill by reducing the salary of that
| clerk from $1,400 to §1,200.
I Mr. C. had been credibly informed that the
