1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9*27
Mr. ATHEliTON moved that the Senate dis-
agree with the House in its amendment, and insist .
on the amendment, of the Senate, and asked for a |
committee of conference; winch motion was agreed
to, and Messrs. Atherton, Badger, and Aicm- 1
son weie appointed on the part of the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution concerning the distribution of the stat-
utes at large; which was read three times and
passed.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Ordered, That the .Secretary direct the public printers to
cover the exrra copies funu^lird the Senate of document
No. 148. (Ft^monf'sGpogmphiea! Memoir on Upper Califor-
nia,) with sttong colored paper.
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Judith Worthen;
which was read a first time.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill from the House for the establish-
ment of a collection district in the State of New
York, at Whitehall, with an amendment substi-
tuting another bill.
Mr. BALD WIN,from theCommitteeon Claims,
reported House btll for the relief of Elisha F.
Richards, with an amendment, accompanied by
a report.
Also, House bill for the relief of Lisur B. Can-
field.
Mr. SEBASTIAN", from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph P. Williams; whichwas read a first time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to provide for the
unnaid claims of the officers and soldiers of the
Virginia State and Continental lines of the revo-
lutionary army, with an amendment.
On motion of Mr ATIIERTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill to pay the liquidated
claims on Mexico: which bill was considered in
Committee of the Whole and passed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library hp. instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of procuring, foi the u^e
of the Senate, Morfit's Index to the National Intelligencer
trom the jears 1810 to 18-20 inclusive.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following amend-
ment, intended to be offered to the bill to carry into
effect the treaty stipulations with Mexico, &c.:
" fn all cases arising- under this act. except tlm«e finally
adjudicated before t ie~pass,a?e thereof, and for which certi-
ficates have already been issued, when any person or per-
son? oth"i than tho<?<  in who&o favor an award has been or
mav be made, sluill claim the amount as awaided or any
part thereof, and shall, within eighty days from the passage
of this act, or from the date of said award, notify the Secre-
tary nf the Treasury of his. lier,or then intention to content
the pavmcnt of the same a^ awarded, and shall file with the
di'ti ict attorney ot the United states a bond, with good and
suffir ient «rc>nitv, to bo approved bv him, fot the payment
of eo«vt arid damages arir-im? therefrom,—the amount so
awaided. and the pavment of which i< contested a« afoic-
said, shall be and remain m the tiea^uiy of the Timed
States, «ubj<?ot to tho decision of the courts of the United
States thereon ; and it shall be the duty of the district attor-
ney to file a bill of interpleader on the equity side of the
ciicuit court of thf District of Columbia foi the s-eltlement
of the lesperfive risrlit* of the >pveral paitie< to the money
so auarded. In this btll the United States shall be com-
plainants and all others defendants; and all parties shall
have the right to appeal from the decroo of said court m said
suit to the fcupiemo Coin t of Hue United States, as in other
ca?>er-."
Mr. TURNEY moved to reconsider the vote on
the bill to increase the naval force of the United !
States.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the motion was laid ,
on the table.
Mr. BADGER moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill fuither to carry into effect the
provisions and stipulations of the 9th article of the
Florida treaty with respect to certain losses of !
Spanish subjects; which, having; been agrred to, ,
the bill was amended by Mr. WESTCOTT and
passed. I
OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order, ;
being the bill to establish a Territorial Government
in Oregon; when—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, addressed the Sen- |
ate. He commenced with a reference to the im- ;
portance of the bill, the twelfth section of which ,
discourses abolition. He denied that there was
any intention to force slavery on Oregon. The
South only desired to show the ground on which 1
she has stood from the commencement of the Con-
federacy to this moment; and further, that she
should be let alone. He stated that the Missouri
compromise had obtained its validity from the con-
sent of the States. Congress might enact laws on
the subject, or make compromises; but without
the consent of the States interested, they would
have no validity.
As to theinuoduction of slavery into Oregon, no
southern Senator had ever asked it. The fact that
the slave is property, which its owner may carry
with him into any part of the Union, was that
which they were desirous to see recognized. The
clause in the Constitution relative to the regulation
of commerce was a constitutional admission that
the, slave is property. It is because slaves are con-
sidered property that the importation of slaves
from Africa has been carried on under the sanction
of this clause in the Constitution. The words
" slave, or any other property," m the Constitu-
tion, are conclusive on this point. If the existence '|
to protect the property of a slave-owner during- the
transit from one State to another. The resolutions
of the States who favored abolition were adopted
entirely with a view to obtaining; additional politi-
cal power, and imposed on the South the strongest
obligation to rise in self-defence. He referred to
the fraternal feeling which induced the southern
States to make common cause with the North in
the war of the Revolution. The South had no
especial cause of complaint; it was flourishing by
its trade with Great Britain. But it was actuated
by fraternal feeling and principle to take up arms;
and now, was she to be asked to give up her do-
mestic institutions? The South asked for no new
I guarantee, no new security; but she desired that
l the Constitution should be preserved from viola-
! tion.
If the spirit of the Missouri compromise was to
of the slave as pioperty be admitted, what power !j be invoked, as was proposed by his friend from
has Congress to interfere with it? He denied that \\ Indiana, (Mr. Bright,] he had a right to ask that
there was any such power in Congress. What
powers Congress possesses, he showed by reference
to the Constitution itself. Congress had no power
to change the condition of slavery, or to strip the
master of his right in his property. Entering a
Territory with this property, the citizen has a right
to its protection.
On ihe acquisition of territory, the condition of
slavery was not changed. The Government ac-
quired no new power over it, but stood merely in
the position of an agent for its protection. He
spoke depreciatingly of the persons who had as-
sumed in Oregon the right to make laws for the
Territory, contending that they were without qual-
ifications for the task. They were far inferior in
i intelligence, in morals, and in personal wealth, to
the population lying south of the Oregon bound-
: ary-
As to the inviolability of the law which prevail-
, ed in a Territory when acquired, he admitted that
until abrogated, the existing law or municipal regu-
, lation must remain m force within the teiritory
the South should be placed on a basis of perma-
nent security, so that there may hereafter be no
new agitation on the subject. He was willing to
go far, as far as his principles would permit, to
meet the North. But if nothing would satisfy the
North short of the destruction of this institution,
then was the time for dissolution come; but let us
separate peacefully, and with good feelings towards
each other. Let not the battle-fields of our country
be stained with the blood of brother fighting against
brother. He trusted the danger would pass away,
and that this agitation would turn out to be noth-
ing more than a temporary struggle between poli-
ticians.
Mr. CLAYTON rose and said it was very evi-
dent that the speeches on the other sule were rather
intended to exasperate than to conciliate the South.
He viewed the amendments which had been offeied
as clashing with each other; but nothing had as
, yet ttanspired during this protracted debate to
show on what ground it was expected that Sena-
tors could meet. There had been no indication of
itself. He denied that there was any power in ;; any sentiment by which the Senate could be guided
Congress, or m the people of the Territory, to
interrupt the slave system. He gave his views as
to the motives which induced Virginia to cede the
Northwestern Territory, which originated in a
patriotic and generous feeling on the. part of the
mother State, He regarded the course pursued by
the northern States in relation to fugitive slaves as
an outrage on justice, and a violation of that prin-
ciple of the equality of the States which is guaran-
tied by the terms of that instrument. The owner
of a slave, when he entered some of these States,
if he took his slave with him, was either exposed
to the mortification of seeing his slave seduced
from his side, or seized and carried away by vio-
lence.
He went into many other views, which, from
indisposition, the reporter felt himself utterly un-
able to report.
He stated that if the opponents of slavery wish-
ed to emancipate the slaves, they were taking the
wrong couise. Slaveiy could not be abolished '\
without a long series of preliminary pieparations; 'i
andduring these preparations,.great dangers would |
menace the peace of the South. The most judi-
cious course was to let the institution alone, and
permit it to spread itself through the adjacent ^
States, so that it may assume a new and mote lib- *
era! character. The practical and useful emanci-
1 pation of the siave will not be the labor of one j
generation. The slave must be made fit for his ji
freedom by education and discipline, and thus made ,,
■ unfit for slavery. And as soon as he becomes unfit H
foi slavery, the mastei will no longer desire to hold j!
1 him as a slave. i
; What remedy has been proposed by the oppo- ;
1 nents of slavery? What good have they done5
■ They have abducted slaves, but emancipated none. J
, Do they expect to persuade the South to give up |
slavery? It is probably for the political advantage ;
of the section in which the agitation against sla-
very originates. The spirit of concession exhibited
by the South had failed to produce a correspond- '■
ing spirit in the North. The latter stiil continued
to assail the South as influenced only by a desire -!
to increase the slave power, and obtain still greater ,■
political influence in the scale of States. :
He insisted that the disorder and agitation which
to any result. He stated that the Committee on
Territories was now engaged m preparing a bill
relative to the new Territories; but as there were
but four members on that committee, the work
went on slowly. He referred to the course by
which a compromise of the tariff question was
entered into. A committee was appointed, to
which the subject was referred, and the report
of that committee conciliated both parties, and
brought the question to a decision. He would
now desire to adopt a similar course. He moved
that the subject be recommitted to a committee of
eight members, to be appointed by ballot, four to
be selected from the North, and four from the
South, and he would go further, and say, two
from each party in the South, and two from each
party in the North.
If the report of that committee shall be that
nothing can be effected at this session, let us do
our ordinary business and go home.
Mr. FOOTK expiessed his regret that the debate
had assumed the character it had. He had been
ever ready to hail the tender of the olive branch
from the North whenever it was made. And he
rejoiced now that this offer had been again made,
and from the distinguished Senator from Delaware.
He hoped it would he responded to in the same
spirit. But he would not pledge himself to cease,
m case of a report fiom the committee that nothing
could be effected at this session, from" using every
effort in his power to call the attention of the coun-
try to the subject.
Mr. FITZGERALD asked the Senator from
South Carolina to explain away an aspersion
which he had—no doubt inadveitently—cast on
the State of Michigan on the subject of fugitive
slaves, as it appeared in his printed speech.
Mr. CALHOUN replied, by reiterating the
chaise against Michigan in still stronger teims,
designating the course of that btate, in leference
to fugitive slaves, as the most outrageous that had
ever been perpetrated.
Mr. COR WIN asked if the Supreme Court had
not decided that no State could pass any law on
the subject? , 0 ~
Mr. BUTLER replied, that the Supreme Court
had decided, by a bare majority, ithat a_ Slate cal'"
prevailed m the southern States, was not of do-j1 not pass a law in violation of any law of Congests.
mestic, origin, but came from jNiew England and r Pennsylvania made it a felony tot a rna:. er to ie-
from Great Britain. !| cover his fugitive slavo m any other than a par-
He asserted it to be the duty of the United States li ticular way. This, although sustam«y oy e e-
