980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr. COLLAMER said that he had always
given all the attention in his power to the duties
assigned him, and all the time that he could, every-
day of the session, and he had done the same yes-
terday. He was excused.
Mr. BOTTS said, if no more excuses were to
be given, he moved that the House take up the
army bill.
Mr. HARALSON said that he had been absent
from the House on what he deemed his duty to
his constituents. He was not excused.
Mr. CUMMINS said he had remained in the
House, till twenty minutes before three, when,
wanting certain information from the Executive
Departments, he had gone up to the Pension Office,
but found it shut, when he had returned to the
Capitol, and found the doors of the House closed.
He was not excused.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, inquired whether
the fines of gentlemen who were excused were not
paid out of the contingent fund of the House, while
those of gentlemen who were not excused came out
of their own pockets?
The CHAIR replying in the affirmative—
Mr. CLARKE said that he made the inquiry, not
because he desired to be excused, but he thought
the practice was not right. He had remained till
it was late, when, being satisfied, from the temper ij ject between Messrs. BURT, BOTTS, and
the House was in, that no business would be done Si SPEAKER.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Goggin's motion out of j
order. |
Mr. COGGIN took an appeal; but the Chair !
was sustained by the House. , i
Mr. GOGGIN asked leave to introduce a reso- j
lution that the House (the Senate concurring) will j
adjourn on the 31st instant, to meet again on the
first Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution was
not in order except by common consent.
Mr. BOTTS asked the unanimous consent of
the House that the Senate bill, with the amend-
ments of the Committee on Military Affairs rela-
tive to the dischaige of the officers of the army at
the expiration of the war, be taken up.
Objections were made.
Mr. SLINGERLAND appealed to the House,
by general consent, to allow him to make a report
from the Committee on Agriculture, remarking,
that from an examination of the Journal of the
House, he had ascertained that no report had been
made from that committee for fifteen or twenty
years.
Objections were made.
Mr. BURT renewed the efforts of Mr. Botts
to bring up the bill relative to the officers of the
army, and some conversation ensued on the sub-
~ • tjie
that day, he had left the Hal!; and he was now !
pleased to find himself in the company of so many j
respectable gentlemen. [A laugh.]
Mr. ATKINSON thought there had been some
mistake committed in making up the list of the
absentees. -
Mr. BOYD said he had been here for eleven
years, and had never been under arrest before. He
had no apology to offer which the House would
deem sufficient; and he did not know that he ought
to be excused under the rule as it was at present
executed. But to his constituents he would say,
that he had remained at his post till a few minutes
before four o'clock, when, seeing that it would be
impossible to go on with the public business, he
had retired, to get rid of the perplexity m which
he foresaw the House was going to involve itself.
A reference to the Journals would show that he
was as regular in his attendance here as any other
member of the House, nor had he absented him-
self out of any disrespect to the body. But, with
a view that justice might be done, he would offer,
if it was in order, a resolution imposing a fine of
one dollar on every man who should be absent,
without valid reason, whenever the yeas and nays
were called.
The CHAIR said the resolution could be re-
ceived only by universal consent. It was objected
to.
Mr. PEYTON said he had remained as long as
he could, untii he thought that nothing would be
done for the good of the country that day, and so
he left the House. He was not excused.
Mr. HENLEY rose to inquire of the Chair
whether he had been arrested by the Sergesnt-at-
arms differently from the other members? He de-
sired to make a personal explanation.
The CHAIR was understood as replying to Mr.
H.'s question in the negative.
Objections were made in various quarters to any
personal explanation, but they were not pressed,
and Mr. H. was permitted to state that he had
yesterday been one of the absentees; and he un-
derstood the Chair to state that the names of all
absent members should be stricken from the list of
voters, or excuses received. This he considered
perfectly right. It had been his intention, if per-
mitted to vote, to vote for carrying out the call and
have all fines inflicted. In the process of calling
the roll, Ins name had been called only once, in-
stead of being repeated by the Clerk as was usual
when no response was given. Mr. H. had waited,
but not hearing it repeated, he intended to have
voted at the close of the call; but then his name
was stricken out 
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, called for
the regular order of business.
Mr. GOGGIN wished to oiler a resolution that
the House will to-morrow meet at 10 o'clock.
Mr. CABELL said, if that prevailed, he should
move that the standing committees be discharged
from ail business now before them.
Mr. GOGGIN said he was willing to accept that
as a modification, with the proviso that they had
not sufficient time to attend to it.
The SPEAKER decided that the bill was not
the first business m order, and could only be taken
up by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. BOTTS renewed his appeal for the common
consent of the House to take up the said bill; but
objections were again made.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of
Tennessee, resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of
Ohio, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The question pending when the committee rose ii
yesterday, was on agreeing to the amendment"
moved by Mr. King, of Georgia, " providing that i1
the chief of the Bureau of Construction, Equip- j
ment, and Repairs shall be a post captain m the !
navy, and shall receive the same pay as when j
employed on other duty." 4 !
The question was now put on the amendment, J
and it was rejected. \
Mr. SCHENCK offered an amendment^of sim- J
ilar purport to the foregoing offered by Mr. King, j
Mr. S. explained. i
Mr. STRONG suggested the addition of the 1
words "in lieu of all other compensation.r" 1
Mr SCHENCK accepted the modification. The
amendment was rejected: Ayes 58, noes 60.
Mr. VINTON wished to say a word by con-
sent.
He perceived the House was becoming thin. He
gave notice, if they were obliged to resort to a call
of the House for want of a quorum, he should j
move a call of the House, and that it be earned 1
out. [Cnes of " order."] ;
Mr. SCHENCK offered an amendment in effect
providing that the chief of the Bureau of Provisions >,
and Clothing shall be a post captain, and shall re-
ceive no pay other than as post captain of the navy.
[The office is now filled by a civilian.] Mr. S.
explained.
The amendment was agreed to—84 to 45.
Mr. STANTON moved an amendment provi-
ding that the present chief of the Bureau of Provis-
ions and Clothing shall not be deprived of his
salary for the present year.
Mr. S. explained, but the amendment was reject-
ed.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment providing
for the employment, temporarily, of clerks m the
Post Office Department, $2,000." Agreed to.
Mr. COLLINS moved an amendmentto increase
the salary of the three Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral from $2,500 to $3S000 per annum.
Messrs, COLLINS, GOGGIN, and JONES, of
Tennessee, explained.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved on amendment pro-
viding that the First Assistant Postmaster General
shall be allowed the same salary as that allowed
the Auditor of the Post Office Department. Mr.
B. explained.
Mr. GOGGIN, under an amendment moved for
the purpo 'e, also explained.
Mr. HUNT moved an amendment, and com-
menced some remarks.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Hunt's remarks out of
order.
Mr. HUNT appealed.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved an amend-
ment providing that the salary of the Auditor of
the Post Office Department%shall not, after the 1st
of July, 1848, exceed $2,500.
Mr. J. explained, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the item
li For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Arkansas, and clerks in his office, £8,300."
Mr. VINTON explained, as did also Messrs.
COLLAMER, THOMPSON of Miss., JOHN-
SON of Arkansas, and HOUSTON of Alabama,
under amendments moved for the purpose and
withdrawn.
Mr. Vinton's motion was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out similar items
for the Surveyor General of Mississippi and for
the Surveyor General of Alabama. Agreed to.
The items under the head of the Judiciary were
amended, on the motion of Mr. VINTON, ver-
bally, and also in relation to charges for certificates
by clerks and commissioners, and the examination
of books in the public law offices or circuit.
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out from the mis-
cellaneous items that which appropriates §6,775
for compensation and contingent expenses of the
Auxiliary Guard. He said this Auxiliary Guard
was exclusively for the city of Washington. They
were sixteen m number, and in addition there
were twenty-two special guards appointed to watch
the Treasury buildings, the Post Office, the War
and Navy Departments, the President's House, the
Capitol, and other public buildings. These auxil-
iary guards cost §6,700; but what they were kept
for he knew not, as other officers were appointed
to guard all the public property. They had as a
part of their duty, to attend to the clock, which
struck certain hours every night, and, as evidence
of the manner in which that was attended to, some-
times the clock struck ten when it was half-past,
and at other times when it was a quarter to ten.
When his constituents wanted an auxiliary guard
they paid for it out of their own pockets; and, as
their representative, he protested against Wash-
ington being provided with watchmen by the Gen-
eral Government, and paid for out of the treasury
of the common country.
Mr. VINTON explained that the item was put
amongst the estimates in accordance with the pro-
visions of the act of 2d August, 1842, which au-
thorized the establishment of an auxiliary guard
to protect the public and private property in the
city of Washington. The Auxiliary Guard was
stationed wherever there was public property,
some about the Capitol, and orhers about the other
public buildings.
Mr. SAWYER inquired if there was not pro-
vision made by this bill for an additional guard for
every public building, independent of this Auxili-
ary Guard ?
Mr. VINTON said this Auxiliary Guard was a
movable guard, for the protection of all the pub-
lic buildings in the city; and it appeared by the
act under which they were appointed that they
were employed to guard against incendiarism, and
enforce the police regulations of the city of Wash-
ington, as well as for other purposes. One great
object was to guard against incendiarism of pub-
lic and private property; for gentlemen well knew
that the General Post Office, the Patent Office, and
the Treasury buildings, had all been destroyed by
acts of incendiarism years ago, and it was to pre-
vent a repetition of such acts that this force was
employed.
Mr. SAWYER remarked that the public build-
ings weie guarded by other watchmen, and not
by the Auxiliary Guard.
Mr. GENTRY said his recollection was not
very distinct, but he believed this guard was cre-
ated on the motion of a Senator from New Hamp-
shire. now a Judge of the Supreme Court, (Mr.
Woodbury,") and its creation was the result of
some agitation which occurred here, and it was
founded on the idea that me President of the United
States was then in some danger of receiving either
indignity or insult from the Whigs of this city.
1 This occurred about the time the President had ve-
