932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
APPROPRIATIONS FOR LIGHT-HOUSES, ETC.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
biH making appropriations for the erection of light-
houses, light-boats, and buoys, &c.
Several' amendments moved by Mr. DAVIS
were agreed to.
Mr. YULEE suggested, that as a bill embracing
similar objects was now pending in the House of
Representatives, where appropriation bills ought
to originate, and as he was not aware that this bill
would be called up, and was r>ot prepared with an
amendment which he proposed to offer, the bill
should be laid aside until the bill from the House
shall have been received.
Mr. DAVIS,ofMassachusettsycou!d noiconsent
to the postponement. If he could see any prospect
of the bill being passed, should it now be laid aside,
he would very willingly accommodate the Senator
from Florida. There was great want of this bill.
Many changes were demanded in the location of
light-houses, &c., some of which were fixed on
Wrong points. Congress should not separate with-
out passing this bill. The Senator from Florida
could attach any amendment which had received
the sanction of a committee, and was legitimate in
its-object, to some other bill.
Mr. YULEE persisted in his request, and moved
that the further consideration of the hill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER objected to the delay of the bill
for the purpose of allowing amendments to be pro-
posed, which had not received the sanction of any
committee of the Senate.
The motion of Mr. YULEE was negatived; the
bill was then reported to the Senate, as amended;
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was then read a third time and passed.
OREGON BILL.
At 12 o'clock the Senate proceeded to ballot for
chairman to the select committee; when Mr. Clay-
ton, of Delaware, was duly elected.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for the com-
mittee, when the remaining seven were chosen;
and it was then ordered that the bill to establish the
Territorial Government of Oregon, with the sev-
eral amendments proposed thereto, and so much
of the President's message as relates to New Mex-
ico and California, be referred to a select commit-
tee, consisting of Mr. Clayton, chairman; Messrs.
Bricht, Calhoun, Clarke, Atchison, Phelps,
Dickinson, and Underwood.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, That the committee to which was referred the
President's me-.-ngt1 relating to the oiganization ofTerntoi tal
Governments in Olegon, Upper California, and New Mexico,
have the use of the ante-room during their sittings.
CHEROKEE CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution authorizing the
proper accounting officers of the treasury to make
a just and fair settlement of the chums of the Cher-
okee nation of Indians, according to the principles
established by the treaty of August, 1846. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved to amend the bill by j
adding the following:
ProviiM, That the sum of 55(1,0(10 of the fund held by the
Government m tiu-t, to be di-Hiibiited per capita anion? that
division or poition ot the Cheiokees usually called the " Old
Settlei?/' in the fifth artiele of the treaty of the sixth day of
August, 18-46, 5e paid over to the chiefs or other autiioi ized
asents of the Old Settler party, for the payment ol the d^bts
due to obtain eieditoisof that pat t of the nation, viz. £30,000
for the debt'3 to individual members of thp Oid Settler party,
and other- who appear to have established their claims be-
fore a convulsion established by the Old Settler party in
council; and the further sum of $-20,000, for so much which
itappfsus was voluntarily advanced oi lent to the chiefs or
agent* of the saul Old Settlers by the Ross and treaty party,
out or" their poition of the funds secured ro mem bv the «.iid
trean. in o-dcrto obtain their assent to the treaty as ratified
by the Sen ite.
At the suggestion of Mr. BELL, who had no
objection to the amendment, Mr. SEBASTIAN
modified the proposition, by adding—
ProvM, farther, That the assent of the Old Settler party,
bvtheii autnoiized delegation, be duly given to the payment
of the said sum, m the manner herein pieseriht-d.
Mr. ATHERTON concurred with the Senator
from Tennessee in the propriety of the amendment,
and presented a remonstrance fiom some portion
of the nation, of which he asked the reading.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed some doubt as to
the manner in which he should give his vote. He
<;ould not give the reasons by which he was actu-
ated, as he was not aware that the injunction of
secrecy had been removed, in relation to the mat-
ters connected with the subject. In consequence
of this suggestion—
Mr. BELL moved to go into Executive session
to remove the injunction of secrecy in relation to
the treaty of 1846, which motion was agreed to;
and the Senate remained in session -until three
o'clock,, when the doors were reopened. jj
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, j!
reported a bill to establish a port of entry at Ban- jj
gor, in Maine, which, on his motion, was taken !j
up and passed, the ordinary forms having been !
dispensed with.
Mr. UNDERWOOD obtained the unanimous i
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to change \\
the time of holding the circuit and district courts j!
of the United States in Kentucky, and also the jj
unanimous consent of the Senate to dispense with • '
the ordinary forms and pass the bill. !|
On motion, the Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 14, 1848.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. GOGGIN rose and called the attention of
j the House to the record of the fact that he yester-
daymoved thatwhen the House adjourn, it adjourn
to meet the succeeding day at ten o'clock, which jj
motion was objected to and not received.
Some explanations were made of what did really
occur, and a conversation ensued thereon between
Mr. GOGGIN, the SPEAKER, and Mr. COLLA-
MER, and the House refused to correct the Jour-
nal; which was then approved.
Mr. SLINGERLAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to permit him to make a
report from the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, objected;
and moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the private calen-
dar. !,
THE DISBANDED OFFICERS AND TROOPS, j!
Mr. BOTTS, who had previously addressed the jj
Chair, again rose and said he had yielded to the ;
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slingerlaxd,] j'
and as that gentleman had not succeeded in ac- '
complishing his object, he desired the House now ;
j to take up the military bill, which he had several ,
! days attempted to get before the House.
| Mr. ROCKWELL consented to withdraw his ,
! motion to go into Committee of the Whole, that
j the gentleman from Virginia might make the mo- |
i tion which he had indicated. i
! Mr. BOTTSsaid, then he desired to make a brief ,
1 statement to the House. ;
| Mr. COLLAMER inquired if that bill had pref- '
! erence over the other bills on the calendar?
l The SPEAKER said it had not, but the gentle- :
| man from Virginia asked the House to take it up.
I Mr. BOTTS said he desired to state, that in the ,
I opinion oftheMilitary Committee, the pubheinter- ,
| ests demanded the passage of this bill, and that it <
I should be passed promptly, too, because it was ne-
| cessary that it should go to the Senate, where it had .
j to be acted upon—and it was possible that it might 1
i be again returned to this House—between this day
i and Thursday next. If it were not disposed of m
that time, some forty or fifty of the most valuable
officers m the army would necessarily go out of
office. The object of this bill was not only to
' retain them in the public service, but to provide ;
! three months' extra pay to the soldiers who were ;
to be disbanded, and who were now on their way
■ home, and some of whom were being dismissed
j every day. lie could not imagine a greater injury
j to the public service than the defeat of this bill. If
■ gentlemen were opposed to the bill, let them take
1 it up and vote against it, and not get rid of it in tins
■ side manner. For the purpose of showing where
; the responsibility rested, he would take this ocu-
j sion to say, that having made an effort every day
'! for the last week to get up this bill, the Committee
'j on Military Affairs felt that they had discharged
!j their duty, and if the House should again refuse
;j to take it up, the committee would make no further
jl effort in the matter. If objection should be now
. j made, he would call forthe years and nays thereon.
ij Mr. KAUFMAN asked the honorable chairman
|' of the. Military Committee [Mr. Botts] whether
ii the section providing for three months' extra pay
]| was so worded as to include the first regiment of
Texas cavalry, commanded by Colonel John O.
N Hays, discharged by virtue of an ordei of Major
General Butler, heaping date April 21st, 1848; and
also those companies stationed on the Texas fron-
tier?
Mr. BOTTS replied that they were included in-
the provision, and that it was so worded that they
would all receive the three months' extra pay.
The House then consented to take up the bill?
and it was taken up accordingly.
The first question was on three new sections
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs, as-
an amendment of the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. JONESro? Tennessee, said he was opposed
to this amendment. He was also opposed to the
repeal of the law, or to the suspension of the law^
According to his recollection of the slate of feeling
in the House at the time that law was passed r
authorizing an increase of the generals of the army,
it would not have passed the House, except with
the condition that they should go out of the ser-
vice, and that the number should be reduced to the
former peace establishment,-at the conclusion of
the Mexican war.
Again: it was wrong, on all occasions and at all
times, he conceived, to legislate here,, not for the
good of the country—not that the public service
should be promoted—but merely to create offices-
or to continue offices when they were not needed,,
and when the exigencies of the times which called
them into the service shall have ceased. Hedeemed
it wrong either to create or to continue offices for
the benefit of individuals merely; and he believed*
further, that this amendment, which would sus-
pend the law and continue these generals in the
service, was not to be passed because the service
required it, but that these officers might be < on-
tinued for their own especial benefit. The amend-
ment contained a provision, that if any vacancy
should occur jn any of these offices, the vacancy
should not be filled. This was conclusive to his
mind that these officers were not needed by the
public service. He had no idea which of these
officers would be discharged from the service under
the law as it stood. It might be a difficult, a deli-
cate, and a responsible duty thrown on the Presi-
dent, but it was one of the incidents of the high
station which he held, which was thrown upon
1 him by the laws passed by Congress, and he
I should exercise it. He believed the President
would exercise it, if they let the law remain as i%
l was, and if they let the officers be reduced to the
number required. He hoped the yeas and nays
i would be ordered on the amendment.
I Mr. BOTTS would detain the House hut a very
short time in making a brief explanation of the
' objects of this amendment. It was his purpose to
i have given a brief explanation of all the provisions
! of the bill, as well as the amendment, that the
1 House might be fuily in possession of the facts of
• the case. A different course seemed, however, to
be marked out for him.
Mr. VENABLE suggested to the gentlemar*
: from Virginia the propriety of making his expla-
■ nation at length.
! Mr. BOTTS said, if it was the pleasure of the
' House, he would make a brief explanation of the
' provisions of the bill. It would be recollected that
a proviso of the first section of an act approved the
18th day of June, 1846, which increased the num-
ber of general officers, provided " that wnen the
f war with Mexico shall be terminated by a defini-
' live treaty of peace, duly concluded and ratified,
4 the number of major generals in the army shaH
4 be reduced to one, and the number of brigadier
* generals shall be reduced to two; and the Presj-
' dent of the United States is authorized and direct-
' ed to select from the whole number which may
4 then be in service, without regard to the date of
' their commissions, the number to be retamtd, and
' cause the remainder to be discharged from the
'service of the United States.''' Under that act
Geneial Taylor was appointed to the office of a
major general, and Generals Kearny and Twiggs
we're appointed brigadier generals. Some four or
five, perhaps six weeks ago, a bill was introduced
from the Committee on Military Affairs into the
House of Representatives to repeal so much of
that law as made it incumbent on the Piesident to
dismiss one of those major generals and two of
the brigadier generals; for, if the bill should re-
mam unrepealed, whom should he select of those
distinguished soldieis, Twsggs or Kearny, Wool
or Gaines? ,
When that bill came from the Senate, instead o*
agreeing to the repeal of the law, that body pro"
