1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
037
Charleston, and $225,000 for New York; and an
additional sum, quite as large, would be required
to finish these establishments. We were, there-
fore, about to incur an expenditure of about a
million of dollars, besides entailing on the country
an annual cost for the support of these branches—
perhaps ^70,000 or $80,000 yearly for the support
of the two. And for what good end? If the hold-
ers of foreign coin in 'New York wished to have
their specie recoined, why not send it to the Mint
in Philadelphia? There could be but two reasons:
the cost of transportation, and the expense of in-
surance; and these could not be great, as New York
was only at a distance of five hours from Phila-
delphia. It would be a better mode for the Gov-
ernment to make some arrangement on that subject
with the Mint. We were about to make a large
expenditure for a doubtful purpose. He knew it
would enable New York to erect a new and splen-
did public building to increase her magnificent array
of marble edifices, and bring her to close approx-
imation with a city of palaces. And to this he
had no objection, if any public good could be
effected by it—any great advantage m the way of
public convenience.
As to Charleston, he would have no objection to
extend to her the same advantage which might be
given to New York. Our great error had been in
authorizing these branch mints originally, and into
this we had been led by the prosperity of the gold
mines in the South, there being no facility of trans-
porting the gold from these regions to the points
where it could be converted into current coin.
If the New York branch be allowed, so should i
that asked for at Charleston; and then where is the !
system to end? Applications would come m from j
all quarters of the country—Boston, Norfolk, &c., j
until ourentire seacoast would be dotted with them, i
It should also be remembered, that the President i
had admonished us not to make any unnecessary i
and undemanded appropriations. j
Mr. DICKINSON said, that the argument as to ;
the expense would equally apply to all public edi-
fices. As to the utility of the branches at the gold
region, it appeared that the amount coined bore no
proportion to the expense. In reply to the state-
ment that persons in New York could as easily send
their coin to Philadelphia, he showed the inconve-
nience which must result from this practice.
Mr. NILES made some remarks to show that
New York, as the eentral emporium of commerce,
was entitled to the greatest consideration; and if it
was to be the settled policy of our Government to.
introduce, as the American medium of circulation,
American coin which should be received every-
where, a branch ought to be established there.
The operations of the Government there, compri-
sing the collection of about two-thirds of our entire
revenue, which is all paid in specie, was another
reason in favor of the measure. The amount of
specie received in New York last year was about
twenty-four millions; and if a branch of ihe Mint
was required anywhere, it was at New York. On
the subject of Charleston, he was not sufficiently
informed to enable him to form an opinion. He
conttasted our condition in regard to specie during
the late war with our condition during the war
with Great Britain, in order to show what benefi-
cial consequences had resulted from the new system
which looks to the establishment of a specie cur-
rency.
Mr. BUTLER defended his amendment, repre-
senting a district in South Carolina as the most
valuable any where for its gold mines. He desired
that his proposition should remain in the good
company in which it was, and could not yield to
the suggestions of some of his friends fo offer his
amendment in a separate bill.
Mr. DIX regretted that the Charleston branch
should be attached to this bill. He was favorable
to the amendment, but wished it to be separated
from the other. The reasons for the establishment
of a branch in New York were so strong and obvi-
ous that he was astonished to hear any opposition
to it. The vast amount of foreign com brought
into New York js doomed to lie imprisoned, useless
for the purposes of circulation. The objection to
sending this com to Philadelphia for recoinage was
chiefly the expense of transportation, which, for
gold alone, may be estimated at three-fourths per
cent.; and for gold and silver together, about one
per cent. Emigrants bring m large amounts of
specie, part of which they exchange for paper—
taking some portion to the West—and this goes
very slowly into the circulation. He went into a
statement of the value of gold for exportation. An
ounce of gold in the shape of sovereigns, the mo-
ment it touches English soil, is worth <£3 17s. 10|d.;
an ounce of American gold at the Mint is estima-
ted at <£3 17s. 9d. The amount of specie in New
York is about eight millions, of which, three mil-
lions are in foreign coin. It was desirable to reduce
the amount of this foreign coin, which could be
only effected by recoinage. He expressed his grati-
fication at the change in the tone of public opinion
as to the operation o/ what was called the sub-treas-
ury humbug, and that his friend from Missouri had
lived to see the dying away of the prejudice against
the system. He spoke of the expenses which had
been incurred in the establishment of branches in
the gold region, and stated that the cost of the estab-
lishment at Nesv York would bear little proportion
to the benefits derivable from it.
Mr. BADGER said he would say nothing about
the sub-treasury humbug, but would confine what
! he had to say to the Mint humbug. As to the
j great amount of foreign gold accumulating at New
I York, a better way of diminishing it than by send-
| ing it to a bianch Mint in New York, would be,
j for the Secretary of the Treasury to direct the sub-
f treasurer at New York to take what foreign gold
I might be offered, and to give, in exchange for it,
! American gold at the same value. But taking the
! cost of the freight of gold from New York to Phil-
! adelphia at §4,000, what was that in comparison
with the expense of erecting a new branch of the
Mint? The true reason for not sending the gold
to the Mint is not the expense of transportation,
but because the people of New York profit by re-
taining the gold coin there. He suggested that the
best course would be to repeal the law which allows
foreign gold to be received in payment of duties.
Thus, it would become important to keep Ameri-
can gold in currency, to supply the use from which
the foreign gold would be withdrawn. He would
vote for the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, because he could see more benefit from
an institution there, than in the proposed branch
in New York; and he should finally vote against
the bHJ.
Mr. DIX read a letter from a high banking
source to show what would be the advantage of
the establishment of a branch of the Mint in New
York.
Mr. CALHOUN adverted to the increased im-
portance of the city of Charleston, in a commercial
view, and expressed his intention to vote for the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate, as amended. The ques-
tion being on concurring m the amendment—
Mr. ATHERTON expressed his apprehension
that we were carrying this fever for establishing
mints too far. He did not think the branch at
Charleston was necessary; but, if it be, he thought
the branches at the gold mines might be dispensed
with. He hoped the amendment would be brought
forward in a separate bill. He would ask for the
yeas and nays on the question of concurrence, and
they were ordered.
The question being taken on concurring in the
amendment, it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bidger, Bell, Benton, Borland, Breese,
Butler, Calhoun, (Janu ron, Davis of Mis^sippi, Dickinson,
Dix, Downs, Foote, H.uinogau, Houston, Hunter, John-on
ot Maryland, Johnson ol Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia,
Lewis.*M<iM>n,ltufck,tfeba&tian,Turner, Underwood, We*t-
cott. and Yulee—'27.
ii NAYS—Me^-sis. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bradbury,
'! Bright, Clarke, Clayton, Convm, Dayton, Dodtie, Feich,
■ . Fitzgerald, Greene,"Hale,"liamlin, King, Aletcali, Millet,
ji Nilea, Sturgeon, and Walker—*21.
|j The question was then taken on ordering the
!; bill to be engrossed, as amended, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Holland, Breese, Brmht, Butler,
Calhoun, Davis of Missi-Mjipi, Dickinson, Dix. Do(i«r<j,
Downs, Fooic, Hamlin, Houston, Huntci, John-on of Ma-
ryland, Johnson ot Louisiana, Lewid, Mason, Nile>, Kusk,
and Selia&nan—22.
NA\ S—Mes-sis. Atchison, Atheiion, Badger. Baldwin.
Bell, Biadhuij, Cameron, Clarke, Clajton, Oorwiru D.iy-
ton,Felch. Fitzyciald, <ii >em\ Hale, llannesjan. Johnson of
Georgia, King, M^tcalf. Miller, Phelps:, Sturgeon, Turney,
Underwood, Walkei, Westeott, and Yulee—11.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some considerable time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 15, 1848.
After the Journal was read—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, by the general consent
of the House, introduced a resolution instructing
the Committee on Printing to inquire into the
expediency of printing the Land Office report in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 22d
January, 1847, known as the Corwin call.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SLINGERLAND asked leave to make a
report from the Committee on Agriculture. Ob-
jected to.
Mr. HUNT asked that, by general consent, the
bills from the Senate lying on the Speaker's table
be taken up, read, and referred.
Mr. GOGGIN objected, unless the bills were
taken up in regular order. The joint resolution of
the Senate in relation to the renewal of the con-
tract for carrying the southern mail by the Poto-
mac river and railroad route was the first in order,
and he should object to any bill being taken up out
of its order.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a resolution recommending the print-
ing of ten thousand copies extra of the report of
the Committee on Commerce on the memorial of
the Chicago Convention and other memorials re-
specting harbor and river improvements, the mes-
sage of the President assigning his reasons for
withholding: his approval of the harbor and river
bill of the last session, and on the bill authorizing
the levying of tonnage duties.
Mr. WENTWOftTH moved to amend the res-
olution by striking out ten thousand and inserting
twenty thousand, and moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Disagreed to.
The main question was then ordered, and Mr.
. Wentivorth's amendment was rejected and the
! resolution agreed to.
! Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a resolution instructing the Commit-
tee on jEngraving to inform the House of the cause
of the delay in furnishing the public printers the
plates and engravings for the report of the Com-
missioner of Patents, and for the reports of Lieu-
tenantEmory and Colonel Abert,and to inform the
House when the same will be delivered, and if any
action is necessary to facilitate the delivery of the
same.
Mr. CONGER wished to state that the cause of
the delay which was complained of was, that the
plates which were to accompany the letter-press
had not been furnished by the engraver. The print-
ers supplied their part of the work as fast as the
plates came in. Months ago a report of Lieuten-
ant Emory and another of Colonel Abert had been
ordered to be printed. The letter-press was fur-
nished, and had been lying in the office two or
three months, because the printers could not get
from the engraver the plates that were to accom-
pany it. He desired to have the Committee on
Engraving present to the House a full report, so
that/he subject might be thoroughly understood
by the House. Were any members of that com-
mittee present and prepared to give the requisite
information?
Mr. ADAMS belonged to the committee, but
was unable to state the cause of the delay.
Mr. CONGER said he understood that the man
who had got the contiact could furnish only four
or five thousand copies a week. Ought not some-
thing to be done to correct this state of things ?
Mr. VINTON moved the -previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, by leave, moved the follow-
ing resolution:
Re^olvfd, That the Committee on Public Printinjfbc direct-
ed to inquire into and report to the Ilou>e the cause ot the
delay of punting the "War Corie^pondence" which was
some time ^mee ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, desired to move
the following as an amendment, if in order:
Resolved. Thaf the Committee on Accounts report to this
Hou&e the entire amount of the funeral expend of the late
I-lon. John Uimicy Adams, and also lcport the it<.ms ot the
same to thi3 Hou.-e.
Mr. Johnson's resolution was objected to as out
of order. ,
Mr. Stephens's resolution was then, under the
operation of the previous question, agreed to.
