938
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up a bill pro-
viding for paying" the award of commissioners
under the Mexican treaty, and supported the mo-
tion by some brief remarks.
Mr. VINTON replied that the Government was
without a dollar to pay the salaries of the Executive
Departments; and, what came nearer to gentlemen,
it would in a few days be without a dollar to pay
members of Congress their per diem.
The motion to go imo Committee of the Whole
on the private calendar, having precedence, was
first put, and was disagreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Root,
of Ohio, in the chair,) and took up the fortification
bill, which had been returned from the Senate
with an amendment.
The Senate's amendment appropriated $50,000
for Port Delaware, on the Pea Patch Island, in the
river Delaware.
Mr. VINTON said it would be recollected by the
committee that when the bill was before under con-
sideration in this House, a motion was made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R, In-
gersoll] to amend the bill, by inserting §100,000
for this fort. He had then opposed it, on the
ground that no estimate had been received from
the War Department, nor any data given. It was
voted down. The Senate put in §50,000. Avery
strong recommendation had now been received by
the Committee of Ways and Means from the En-
gineer Department for an appropriation of Si00,000.
This'amendmentproposed_but $50,000. He hoped
it would be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 70, noes
58—and was laid aside to be reported.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill was
resumed at the section appropriating §160,000 for
the coast survey, including compensation to super-
intendent and assistants.
Mr. VINTON rose and wished to be excused
while he expiessed the hope that the bill would be
gone through with to-day, as it was absolutely
necessary to carrying on the operations of the
Government.
Mr. SAWYER moved an amendment to limit
the salary of the superintendent of the coast sur-
- vey to $4,000, to provide that hereafter he should
not hold the office of superintendent of weights
and measures; and further, that the salary of the
first assistant superintendent should not exceed
$2,500.
The superintendent (he said) now received
§4,500 in that capacity, and $1,500 additional as
superintendent of weights and measures, making
in the whole $6,000.
Mr. McCLELLAND inquired if the gentleman
was not mistaken, and if it was not the fact that
he received only $3,000 as superintendent of the
coast survey, and $1,500 of weights and measures?
Mr. SAWYER replied in the negative, and re-
peated his statement of the compensation. He
was opposed to these extravagant salaries. He
proposed to reduce the salary of the superintendent
of the coast survey five hundred dollars, and to
provide that he should not hold both offices. He
proposed to separate them. There were other
good, clever fellows anxious to have the place of
superintendent of weights and measures, and they
deserved it. > The present incumbent was a gentle-
man of known talents and integrity, and he (Mr.
S.) believed he had done more upon the coast sur-
vey within the last year or two than had previously
been done since its organization. This coast sur-
vey was costing the Government too much money,
and he made the prediction that, if things went on
as they had done for years past, the end of this
century would not see the coast survey through.
It was to last through all time to come; that was
his candid opinion. He repeated that he believed
the present superintendent to be highly scientific,
and that there were few men in this country really
qualified to fill the place; but a salary of $4,000 he
deemed amply sufficient. He would not detain
the House; he had discharged his duty by offer-
ing the amendment, and it was for the House to
dispose of it.
Mr. McLANE inquired if the $4,500, which
the gentleman from Ohio had named as the salary
of the superintendent, included his travelling ex
[No reply was heard from Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, upon a pro forma
motion, said that none of this appropriation was
for the salary of Professor Bache, as superintend-
ent of weights and measures. It included $3,000
for him as superintendent of the coast survey. The
amendment, in fact, increased his salary; he re-
ceived $1,500 salary and $1,500 travelling,expenses.
Professor Bache was specially employed by the
Secretary of the Treasury as superintendent of
weights and measures. It was well known that a
very high degree of scientific attainment was ne- j
cessary to the proper discharge of the duties of i
this office. There were very few men in this I
country who were capable of it. When it was :
under the charge of Professor Hassler, it was sup- |
posed that nobody except a foreigner was capable i
of filling the office. Then there had never been a !
whisper heard about the salary; there had been
no complaint and no proposition to reduce it. He
repeated that the discharge of the duties of the
office required scientific attainments of the highest
degree. The gentleman from Ohio was of opin-
ion that there were other gentlemen who wanted the
office. He would inform the gentleman that the
office of superintendent of weights and measures
required a still higher order of talent than that of
superintendentof thecoastsurvey; mostcomplieate
scientific calculations were connected with it. Great
differences had been discovered between the weights
and measures in different custom-houses in the
country.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that it
was not in order, on an amendment moved, to
reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. EVANS proceeded to refer to the difference '[
between common field surveys and the coast sur- |j
vey, and further to speak of the high order of sci- N
entific talents required. 1
Mr. VINTON, upon a similar motion, stated
that the superintendency of the coast survey and ,
of weights and measures was a very old office, or
rather that it was not an office, but an employ- ,
ment which was authorized by the act of 1807. .
That act authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, ;
or required him, to cause a survey to be made of
the coast of the United States, and to employ a 1
competent person to discharge the duty. Mr,
Gallatin, than whom, perhaps, no man who had
ever been in public office in this country more com- ,
petent to decide upon a scientific measure of that j
sort, had fixed the compensation of Professor :
Hassler at §6,000. It was not an office; it was an ;
employment by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The superintendent was not appointed by the j
Piesident of tfie United States, or confirmed bythe '
Senate. He was simply a person employed under ,
that law. This salary of $6,000 had always been
paid; it had been paid during the whole period of j
time that Professor Hassler discharged the duties;
and at the period of Professor Hassler's death,
Professor Bache had been substituted in his place, ;
and had continued to receive the same compensa- :
tion, which was no other compensation than that ■
originally fixed by Mr. Gallatin. i
In this connection, it was proper to say that
since Professor Bache had been in charge of the :
coast survey, and superintendent of weights and
measures, he had devolved upon him the superin- •
tendence of all the expenditures connected with it,
which had not been upon Professor Hassler. Pro-
fessor Hassler had always refused to have any-
thing to do with ihe accounts. Professor Bache
was now disbursing $150,000 per year, and for
this additional duty he received no additional com-
pensation whatever.
He further pointed out the arduous and highly ,
scientific duties of the superintendent, and argued 1
against a reduction of the compensation. In the
course of this—
Mr. SAWYER fully conceded that the superin-
tendent was doing his duty well. He found not
a word of fault with him.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL renewed the amend- ■
ment in another shape, with a view to explain a
circumstance or two which had obviously been mis-
understood. He would run them over without very
minute explanation, which might speedily exhaust
the moment allotted to him.
1. It was a mistake to suppose that the work
would be endless. On the contrary, by accurate
calculation, unless great additions were made to
the coast, it will be completed in fifteen years.
2. The expense, both of money and time, was
less than that of any similar known work. A sur-
vey of the British coast cost much more, and had
been thirty years in progress without reaching a
probable prospect of early completion; yet the
British work was without the hydrography which
our survey embraced in addition to the territorial
triangulation and other scientific employment in
the closet and in the field. How great was the
exposure on the ocean might be judged by that
calamity which deprived the country of a most
valuable naval officer, the brother of the superin-
i tendent, when he was lost in a small vessel near
j the coast investigating the important phenomena
of the Gulf stream.
| 3. Great labor and constant attention at all sea-
sons of the year were required. Let gentlemen
j visit, as I have done, the learrifed and scientific
superintendent of the great work when he is in the
field, as he is for more than half the year, and it
will appear that danger and exposure by land are
scarcely less than they are by water. Near the
top of a mountain, distant from any human habita-
tion, in a tent pitched under the brow of a salient
rock which crowned the eminence, his days and
nights were passed in cheerful converse with the
distant earth and stars.
4. The work which in 1844 was extended into
nine States, in 1845 into thirteen, in 1846 into
fifteen, now penetrates no less than eighteen, from
the mouth of the Bay of Fundy to the heart of the
i Gulf of Mexico.
' 5. Much of the labor and science devot^l by the
superintendent to the Government is without any
specific compensation. He has superintended the
researches in hydrometers, and in sugars, sirups,
and the like, in reference to alleged frauds in the
revenue; rewarded only by the consciousness that
the service was rendered useful by long study and
unhesitating devotion.
6. The employment is temporary, occupying
the best period of the life of one who may exhaust
m it the finest energies of an uncommon intellect.
7. Thirty parties are now kept going instead of
fifteen, as in 1843. The whole work has been re-
duced to system in all its details, from the taking
of an astronomical observation (the measuring of
an angle or a triangle) to the minutest detail of
topography in soundings. The hydrographic part
of the work has had new method introduced; the
astronomical part new and improved methods of ob-
servation and computation; the whole mathemati-
cal basis of the work has been recast and improved;
a new apparatus has been constructed for meas-
uring bases; the whole of the scientific details are
under a control which is complete. I have myself
heard a distinguished astronomer say that the re-
sult of Professor Cache's efforts were accurate be-
yond what he believed it was possible to accom-
plish. A single error might render the labors of a
season futile, if it did not impair the whole charac-
ter of the work. Could Mr. Jefferson, the most
scientific of our Presidents, contemplate the present
condition and near accomplishment of this great
and creditable scientific duty, he would derive infi-
nite joy and gratification from the fact of its having
been first suggested by him more than forty years*
ago.
Mr. HUDSON, on & pro forma motion, stated a
number of facts in connection with this subject to
show that the salary ought nut to be reduced. He
showed the length of time during which the coast
survey has been prosecuted, and that the work
had been very greatly improved under the present
superintendent Mr. Hassler was not prompt in
furnishing maps and charts; but, under the present
superintendent, they were all brought up and pub-
lished. Again, under Mr. Hassler, the survey was
limited to that portion of the coast in this neigh-
borhood, but Mr. Bache extended the survey to
the coast of Texas in the south, and of Maine in
the east; and by his alteration, the surveys at these
extreme points were executed by the self-same
force which was employed on the coast of Maine
and New England in the warm season, and on the
coast of Texas and Gulf of Mexico in winter. By
this exchange or transfer of labor the most favor-
