1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
able seasons of the year were taken advantage of,
so that the work could be facilitated economically,
for but one corps of surveyors was employed. He
begged the committee, however, to understand that
the present incumbent would suffer no detriment
by being discharged, for he had last year offered
to him, with a salary of from six to ten thousand
dollars, the professorship of the University of
Pennsylvania, in which he would have been em-
ployed but a very small portion of the year.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. And a small portion
of each day during the year.
Mr. HUDSON. The present professor was in
the field a large portion of the year, making obser-
vations both night and day when the weather was
fit, in addition to the duties of the survey and those
which devolve upon him in 'connexion with his
office of superintendent of weights and measures,
in relation to which he had rendered important
services to the Government within a very few
years.
Mr. SCHENCK, on a pro forma motion, also
made some explanatory remarks.. If they gave to
thesuperintendent of the coast survey a large salary,
he put it on the ground that it was because valu-
able services were rendered. If they should drive
away this superintendent, he was satisfied they
could not easily supply his place. It seemed to
him that Mr. Bache ought to have $6,000 for the
coast survey alone. He went on to show that the
salary of a disbursing agent was saved by Mr.
Bache, he being his own disbursing agent. He
also spoke of Mr. Bache's resignation of the Pres-
idency of Girard College, with a salary of $4,000
a year, besides house, &c.,that he might take
this office, and that, to retain it, he had declined
the professorship alluded to by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] although in this
office he was in the field so large a portion of the
year, away from his family. He made these sac-
rifices because, in connection with the coast survey,
there was some fame to be acquired; but he wished
those gentlemen who thought there was too much
paid, to reflect on the duties discharged and the ex-
pense incurred in the prosecution of this work.
Mr. ATKINSON submitted an amendment as
a substitute for the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, which he believed the gentleman from
Ohio would accept, the object of which was to fix
$5,000 as the salary of the superintendent of the
coast survey and of weights and measures. He
thought $5,000 was an ample compensation in a
country like this: and by fixing that amount,
$1,000 per annum would be saved. His amend-
ment commended itself more especially to the.com-
mitee when they considered the sums paid to the
Judges of the Supreme Court, the Secretaries un-
der the President, and State officers, such as Gov-
ernors, Judges, &c.
Mr. NICOLL desired to make a remark in con-
nection with this part of the subject.
Mr. ATKINSON refused to yield the floor. He
said the g-entleman from New York would have
other opportunities to address the committee. He
then proceeded to comment on the arguments used
on the other side. Thegentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hudson] had told them that this officer
would not be injured by being discharged, inas-
much as he had been offered a professorship at an
institution of learning, at which he would get
$10,000 a year for laboring one hour a day. If
that were so, the superintendent ought to quit this
coast survey at once, that he might accept that pro-
fessorship. He (Mr. A.) did not want any man
to sacrifice his pecuniary interest by remaining in
office under this Government. But, again, it had
been said that, if they got rid of Mr. Bache, they
could not get another properly qualified to succeed
him. If they could not, he would say, abolish the
office. He could not, however, concur with gen-
tlemen in saying to the American people that we
had not a single man qualified to be Mr. Bache's
successor. If we had but one man in this country
capable of being the superintendent of the coast
survey and of weights and measures, that one
ought certainly to become a lecturer, that others
might become qualified to succeed him, when, in
the course of nature, he might be no more.
Mr. SCHENCK explained. He had not said
that we could not get a man to fill the office, but
that we could not easily supply his place.
Mr. ATKINSON. Well, m that case even, he
hoped Mr. Bache would accept the professorship,
that others might be prepared to succeed him,
otherwise, at his death or resignation, the office
would be abolished.
Mr. SAWYER accepted the amendment of Mr.
Atkinson as a modification to his own.
Mr. STANTON made a pro forma motion, that
he might say he believed the salary attached to
this office was not disproportioned to the labors to
be performed. He did not suppose gentlemen on
the other side intended to say that another man
could not be found to fill the office; but that the
office required qualifications that were extremely j
rare. At the same time, he thought the loss would i
be very great if the present superintendent should
be discharged from his present position, or any-
thing should be done calculated to drive him away.
He thought the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia might have that effect. Than the present
superintendent there was not a more worthy, dis-
tinguished, or capable man for the position which
he held; and it would be a public loss if he should
be driven away. He did not say that another
man could not be found to discharge the duties of
the office; but there was no one individual with
the experience of Professor Bache as to every part
of this coast survey, which would be interrupted
to some extent if there should be any change, and
a loss of from $10,000 to $20,000. Professor
Bache had not only great scientific, philosophic,
and mathematic, but administrative ability, and he
managed the great work with great economy and
success. It would not, then, be even economical
to cut dijwn his salary so as to drive him away
from his position; on the contrary, it would be
wasteful extravagance, for it would result in a loss
of from $10,000 to $20,000, and perhaps more, in
consequence of the loss of his experience. It had
been said that this work had been commenced
S under the auspices of Thomas Jefferson, one of
! the most scientific Presidents we have had; and
he hoped, then, that the work which had been
1 begun under such auspices would not be mterrupt-
] ed when it was producing such important results,
in a spirit of false economy, which he believed it
; to be.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sawyer's
amendment as modified, and it was rejected, by a
majority of 90 to 36.
Mr. VINTON, by direction of the Committee
of Ways and Means, moved an amendment to ap-
propriate §25,000 for the further prosecution of the
survey of harbors and northwestern lakes. Agreed
to.
Mr. HUNT submitted an amendment to appro-
priate $89,800 for the building of six revenue cut-
ters, to be built at six different locations. The
amendment contained some directions to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury respecting the mode of
advertising for contracts, &c.
Mr. FICKLIN raised a question of order as to
the admissibility of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
out of order, on the ground that it was incongru-
ous and not germane to the bill on which it was
proposed to be incorporated.
Mr. HUNT asked that the law of 1789 might
be read, which (he said) authorized the building
of revenue cutters.
Objections were made.
Mr. HUNT appealed from the decision of the
Chair ruling his amendment out of order.
After some conversation, the decision of the
Chair was sustained by the committee by a ma-
jority of 71 to 45.
Mr. ROCKWELL offered the following amend-
ment:
For the purpose of procuring a survey to ascertain the
practicability and expense of constiuctmg a common road,
railroad, oi -hip canal aciosd the Isthmus ol Panama, the
<mm of twenty thousand dollars; such survey to be con-
ducted under the direction of the President of the United
States by such officers and pnvates of the army and navy as
may be necessarv, prowdert the same can lie done with the
assent of the Government of New Grenada.
It was ruled out.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved an
amendment for the examination of the Alleghany
and Sabine rivers, and also of Little Egg Harbor,
$10,000. Ruled out.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, moved an amend-
ment appropriating for the improvement of the
Mississippi river, $100,000; for the improvement
of the Ohio nvei, above the falls and below the
falls, $100,000. Ruled out.
Mr. DUNCAN took an appeal, but the decision
of the Chair was sustained: Ayes 79, noes 26.
The reading of the bill was continued.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment for the
payment of the clerks of district courts for certain
returns furnished by them, under the order of Con-
gress, showing the operation of the late bankrupt
law, $6,156.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment by striking out fifteen cents,
as the rate of compensation, and inserting twenty-
five cents.
Mr. H. explained the ground of the amendment,
and recited what had been the action of Congress
in requiring, after the repeal of the bankrupt law,
from the Secretary of State's office, complete re-
turns of the practical operation of that law, the
number of applications for its benefit, the property
returned by the bankrupt, the amount of his debts,
and various other statistics. The clerks of the
several'district courts had made the requisite ex-
amination and prepared the required returns; and,
according to the customary rate of charging, the
amount of their compensation would average $1 75
per day. They presented their bill for this work.
The Committee of Ways and Means concluded to
allow them fifteen cents only; and no man could
furnish an equal amount of labor for that sum.
Mr. H. had made some examination into the facts
of the case, and would say that mere justice re-
quired the amendment he had proposed.
The amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on Mr. Vinton's
amendment allowing fifteen cents—
Mr. MILLER moved to reduce the sum to ten
cents. This, though not a liberal allowance, would
be, in his judgment, a sufficient compensation.
The clerks of the district courts had made in some
cases very large fortunes out of the fees charged
and received by them under the administration of
the bankrupt law. The courts had largely re-
trenched their bills of costs; but many bankrupts
1 attending from a distance had been obliged to sub-
' mit to their extortions rather than incur the ex-
' pense of delay. Mr. M. spoke more especially
| of the state of things in his own State. He was
opposed to allowing these men a liberal compen-
sation, though he would not refuse what was just.
His amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to strike
out fifteen and insert twenty cents. The argument
of the gentleman from Ohio presented no valid
reason for reducing the amount. It was based on
alleged extortions by certain clerks in Ohio. Ad-
mitting the fact that such exactions had taken
place, was that a good reason why clerks who had
been laboriously employed under a resolution of
Congress in preparing public documents for the
use of that House should give the public their ser-
vices for nothing ?
Mr. MILLER said their fees had been very
liberal under the bankrupt law.
Mr. JOHNSON. What if they had > Those
fees were paid them for work done otherwise, and
not for the special duty of making these returns.
Thesereturns were called for after the bankrupt law
had been repealed: they contained a vast mass of
information; and ought not those who had prepared
it to receive a just compensation for their labor?
It was impossible for any man to do the work at
fifteen cents and live by it. Even twenty cents
was not enough. He hoped the House would not
refuse this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMPTON moved a proviso, (a copy of
which the repoiter could not obtain )
Mr. BIRDSALL inquired when the resolution
| (referred to m the proviso, we presume) had been
! passedf
j Mr. HAMPTON said in 183G, and he explained
i the object of the proviso.
1 Mr. VINTON stated that the resolution had
i been passed in the 23ch Congress. The proviso
■ was adopted.
; On the amendment as amended no quorum vo-
! ted. ,
I Mr. FRIES moved a further proviso that clerks
' who were in the receipt of more than $3,000 a
year should not receive the benefit of this allow-
ance.
i This was agreed to, and the amendment cis thus
< amended was carried: Ayes 69, noes not counted,
ij jy[n VINTON moved a further amendment
allowing the marshal of the northern district of
i! Florida"$304 for removing intruders from the In-
l! dian territory. It was agreed to.
