940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. VINTON" moved further to amend the bill
by inserting an item for the ss.lft.iies of the inspect-
ors, warden, and keepers of the Washington Pen-
itentiary, $6,283. Agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS offered an amendment appro-
priating $2,000 to support twelve pauper lunatics
m the Washington Infirmary.
Mr. Edwards remarked, that he presented this
amendment at the request of the Committee for
the District with the greatest pleasure. It con-
tained provision for transient persons, who might
be taken sick while here on business. It was known
to this House, that four years since appropriation
was made for the repair of a building in the rear
of the City Hall, for the reception of the insane;
and when that building was completed, it was
ascertained to be inappropriate. It was then grant-
ed as an infirmary, to be attached to the Washing-
ton Medical College. That infirmary had, from
that period, been in existence, at an expense of five
hundred and twenty-five dollars to each of the seven
professors; and, unwilling further to tax themselves,
they closed the establishment in May'last. He had
been through the building. It was furnished at an
oxpense of two thousand dollars, and its expend-
itures had been thirty-six hundred and seventy-five
dollars greater than its receipts.
The object of the present appropriation was, to
provide a place to which a stranger might betaken,
and where the stranger's friends, the sisters of
charity, could bestow on him the attention found
nowhere but in institutions under their guardian
care. The expense of keeping up this establish-
ment for nurses, light, fuel, and medicine, were
rising thirteen hundred dollars.
Many strangers, many soldiers with business
growing out of the late war, would need this be-
neficence. There was no place m which they could
be cared for, other than the jail or the District alms-
house. Another reason for its adoption was, that
the laws sent insane persons to Baltimore, only
after being declared insane by the grand jury. This
grand jury had its session four times a year. Now,
if an unfortunate man should become insane one
day after the close of the session of the grand juiy,
the present laws threw him into the jail to await
three months, vjithout attention in proper medical
or moral treatment, the assembling of the jury.
This was precious time, and could not do other-
wise than result in injury to that class of our un-
fortunates. Many cases of injury, many cases of
acute disease, by timely care, were amenable to
treatment, and this retreat would afford the means
and the place of that treatment.
He was intimately acquainted with the physi-
cians in attendance on this institution, and was
pleased to declare them gentlemen not only of be-
nevolence, but of unquestioned skill. Several mem-
bers of this House had been restored to usefulness
through the kindness and skill of these gentlemen.
He would not enter into an argument to prove our
power to appropriate money for purposes of this
character; our appropriation bills were full of them;
and his only regret was, that one hour, insteeui of
five minutes, was not allowed him to present this
case as its merits demanded.
No quorum voting on the amendment, the roll
was called. The committee rose and reported the
absentees to the House; and there being then a
quorum present, the House returned into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
passed Mr. Edwards }s amendment: Ayes 72, noes
68.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment to strike
out ^18,000 for the pay of persons employed in
bringing the votes for President and Vice President
to Washington, and insert $9,000, with a proviso
that no more than 12^ cents per mile upon the
usually travelled route should be allowed for this
travel.
lie would simply state, in explanation of this
amendment, that the persons who brought the
votes for President and Vice President now re-
ceived twenty-five cents per mile for travelling
each way, of course charging the same mileage as
members of this House. From some of the States
they got §1,000 to $1,200 for simply coming here,
delivering these votes, and going back, which
would probably cost ftom $100*to $150, perhaps
^150. It was proper he should state that this
computation was fixed when the facilities foi tiav-
ellmg were far less than they were at the present
day. This amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means would reduce the compensation one-
half, and would still leave from Texas and other
distant portions of the Union some $500 or $600
compensation to be paid.
Mr. DUER inquired if there was any other com-
pensation than mileage allowed?
Mr. VINTON replied, nothing at all. There
was nothing to do but simply to come here, de-
liver the package they were intrusted with by the
Executives of the respective States, and return
home.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, irroved an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out the words " usually
travelled," and insert " nearest mail."
He argued that the allowance of mileage by the
nearest mail-route was the more just and ready
method of computation both for members of Con-
gress and for these persons ; and that the rate pro-
posed thus computed would be a sufficient compen-
sation for the service performed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, upon a pro forma
motion, spoke of the importance of the duty thus
performed, and said the compensation should be
such as to command the highest respectability in
the agent. It should not be reduced to the mere
contemptible matter of an ordinary messenger.
From the nature of its connection with the decision
of a great question, it was an office of high respon-
sibility, and no reduction of the compensation
should be made, but the services of men of respon-
sibility and chaiacter should be secured, lest the
decision of the election should be left to turn upon
some act of corruption. The compensation should
be regulated on the same principle as that of mem-
bers of Congress. For one he was willing to go
before his constituents and advocate the highest
compensation to members, and he believed that the
disposition to reduce it originated on the part of
those who so clamorously advocated it rather from
a strong desire to retain their own seats than front
a regard for the public good.
Mr. VENABLE (upon a like motion) opposed
the reduction as a picayune business, and argued
that such a compensation should continue to be
allowed as would command the services of men of !
high character for this responsible duty. lie agreed l
with his friend from Arkansas that these petty re- 1
duetions were on the principle of penny wise and
pound foolish, and were not desired by the people.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, moved an amend-
ment to continue the compensation to twenty-five
cenis per mile, but to limit the maximum number
of miles to be paid for to one thousand. Rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Vinton was then agreed
to: Ayes 70, noes 46.
Mr. BARRINGER moved the following amend-
ment:
Foi the erection of a monument in honor of the memory
or Brig.uher General Francis Nash, of Noith Caiohna, ac-
cording io the resolution of Congiess passed on the4th day
ot Novembei, 1777, the sunt of five hundred dollars?; and
for the erection of a monument in honor of thr memory of
Bnyadier General William Davidson, of North Carolina, ac
cordine to the resolution of Congress passed on tbe 20th day
of Sepiemhei, 1781, the Mini oi live hundred dollars; and
that the tieasurcr nt the Cnited States pay the spurns afore-
said to the oider of the Governor of North Carolina, when-
evet required foi the puipo^es aforesaid.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, raised a point of
order against the amendmenton the ground of irrel-
evancy, but was ovenuled and the amendment
rcccived by the Chair.
Mr. BARRINGER said the amendment ex-
plained itself. On the 4th March, 1777, the Con-
gress of the Confederation authorized the erection
of a monument to General Nash and afterwards to
General Davidson, and directed that an appropria-.
tion of $500 for each should be made. The amount
proposed was a small one, but was inserted because
it was the sum mentioned m the resolution of the
Continental Congress.
The amendment was rejected: Ayes 40, noes
not counted.
The section for expenses of loans and treasury
notes, $10,000, being under consideration—
Mr. GRINNELL, on a pro forma motion, in-
quired of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means as to the necessity for it, remarking
that the expenses were great, and must have been
some $50,000 or $60,000 during the last year for
loans and the issue of treasury notes:
Mr. VINTON, in reply, stated that the estimate
sent in by the Secretary of the Treasury for this
item was £>20,000; that, under the direction of the
Committee of Ways and Means, he had made in-
quiry of the Secretary of the Treasury concerning
jj this and other items, and he caused to be read tha
|! letter he had received from that officer, to show the
I'1 importance of the appropriation asked. fheCom-
ji mittee of Waysand Means had reduced the amount
!! one-half, and reported the item of $10,000.
j| Mr. VINTON, under instructions of the Com-
ij mittee of Ways and Means, moved an amendment
ji for the payment of a balance reported by the Sec-
;l rotary of War, on the 23d December, 1837, due to
the States of Massachusetts and Maine, upon the
j'account of their disbursements to their militia in
I' the service of the United States, during the last
' war with Great Britain, §>227,176 48.
ji The amendment, he said, proposed an approprt-
i' ation to carry into effect the resolution of Congress,
!:, which directed the Secretary of War to investigate
11 the claims of these States, and ascertain the amount
!; due them for services of their militia in the last
j: war with Great Britain. He caused to be read the
j ! said resolution of Congress and report of the Sec-
i • retary of War, showing the amount due, which he
ii proposed to appropriate.
| Mr. HARALSON raised the point of order
i against the amendment, that the appropriation
| was not authorized by Jaw.
[ The CHAIR said that was a question of fact
j with which he was not acquainted, and invited
| proofs in reference to it.
| Mr. HARALSON called upon gentlemen to
| furnish the law directing this money to be paid.
' Mr. VINTON said the resolution of Congress
| and the report of the Secretary of War under it,
' together, showed that there was this debt existing
j against the United States, and it was a proper place
| to provide for its payment m a general appropria-
t tion bill.
i The resolution was again read, and some con-
! versation ensued upon the point of fact between
j Messrs. BURT, McKAY, and the CHAIR.
Mr. HUDSON, by general consent, stated the
fact that the resolution just read was general,
applying to all the States as well as the State of
Massachusetts, and several of the other States,
whose accounts were audited at the time under the
same resolution, were paid at the time; and an
appropriation for this claim of the State of Massa-
| chusetts was originally put in with the claim of
; the State of Connecticut, and was stricken out in
the House at the last night of the session. It had
i passed the Senate every session, he believed, since
| then; it had been reported on favorably and ad-
i versely in this House.
i Mr. HARALSON inquired if the action which
1 had taken place in both branches of Congress was
1 not evidence that there was no law authorizing the
> payment of these claims?
; Mr. HUDSON supposed that the factthat they
. had been included under precisely the same reso-
' lution was as good evidence for Massachusetts as
i for the other States whose claims had long since
i been paid.
i Mr. HARALSON insisted that there was no
! law authorizing the appropriation.
| Mr. McCLELLAND read the rule prohibiting
i amendments to the general appropiiation bills for
j objects not authorized by previous laws,
i Mr. HUDSON, by further consent, said that
' Mr. Monroe had recommended the examination
i of these accounts; that Massachusetts had sub-
j mitted a claim of about $800,000 to the Auditor;
! that the Auditor divided the accounts into three
' classes; a small class which were totally inadmis-
sible; another class of about £400,000, which were
: allowed; and another of about £400,000, which
, were suspended for want of evidence; that Massa-
i chusetts and Maine appointed agents, as did sev-
eral other States, to obtain additional proof; that
' the Third Auditor passed upon the subject again
with the new evidence furnished; and that this
report m their favor was the result of the second
auditing,
: Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, speakine also by gen-
eral consent, said he believed—and his friend from
Massachusetts would probably coincide with him
in what he said—that when the Massachusetts
militia were called upon in 1S10. the constituted
authorities of that State—the Executive and Judi-
, ciary—the Legislative, too, he belie\ed, were of
■ opinion that they were not bound to serve under
any officer of the United States unless the Presi-
dent himself took command. He thought that was
1 the position, if he mistook not. The consequence
was, that the Executive of that day refused to pay
f the Massachusetts militia called out; and a very
