1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
large debt ensued, of which he presumed this was
a parr. A good while after, several years after, the
question cyme up before the Supreme Court of the
United States, the opinion of which—pronounced
by Storjr, if lie mistook not, a very distinguished
native of Massachusetts—was unanimous that the
Executive was right in his position, and the au-
thorities of Massachusetts wrong. He spoke all
this, meaning to give no offence, but he stated
what he understood to be the precise state of the
case. He took for granted, therefore, that this
claim had ever since been not only a disputed
claim, but a claim involving a large constitutional
question, one of the most important that had ever
arisen under our Government, whether the Execu-
tive of the United States was himself the judge of
the exigency when the militia was to be called
forth to suppress insurrection or repel invasion, or
whether—the militia being by many of the most
respectable people in the United States considered
a State force—the State authorities had any right
to exercise a judgment on this subject. It was that
dispute, he took it, which had deferred the pay-
ment of this debt; and if so, was it possible, with-
out a law, that this debt could be paid? No reso-
lution m the world could amount to a law. There
must be a law on this occasion more than any
other in the world to settle by law that this debt
should be paid. Certainly he had no objections to
paying the debt; he might be very much inclined,
if a law was proposed, to vote for it, because by-
gones might be by-gones.
Mr. BURT stated to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts—and he hoped to be heard by the Rep-
resentatives from Vermont—that, notwithstanding
the resolution read at the Clerk's desk, a bill had
been ordered to be reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs to pay the regiment of Ver-
mont militia, whose claim, upon the same pretence,
might arise under the resolution read. Pie sus-
pected that this claim of Massachusetts had no
precedence whatever over the claim of Vermont,
which had arisen at the same time, and under cir-
cumstances clearer from doubt.
Mr. INGERSOLL repeated, that it was not only
a disputed, unsettled claim, but an unsettled claim,
he took for granted, that hung upon the great con-
stitutional doubt decided by the Supreme Court of
the United States. Until a law, therefore, be passed
recognizing this claim, it was no claim at all. The
resolution of the two Houses referred to had not
received the sanction of the President.
Mr. HUDSON, (in his seat.) Yes it had.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at all. It had also
been decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, Chief Justice Marshall giving the unani- j
mous decision, that a joint resolution, signed by
the President, was equivalent to a law; but a resolu- j
tion of the two Houses did not make a law, could j
not make a law, unless signed by him who had •
the right to veto all bills. It seemed, therefore, 1
that the presentment of this claim was premature
until it was authorized by law; and he was not i
prepaied to say, if it was presented m the foun of '
law, that he would vote against it. i
Mr. HUDSON said, if the committee would in- ;
dulge him to answer the interrogatories put by the :
gentleman from Pennsylvania—and hp had nodis- i
position to conceal a single fact of the case—the !
whole state of the case was this: In 1812, the ;
year the war was declared, an act was passed !
authoiizmg the Piesident to call out for that year j
100,000 militia, or any part thereof he might think
proper; a call was made upon the Governor of \
Massachusetts for five companies, two, he believed, ,
to go to Rhode Island, and thrte to Maine, which !
was then a part of Massachusetts. There was a !
controversy between the State authorities and the i
President in relation to it. The Governor of!
Massachusetts, whether he was right or wrong,
said the President was authorized to call out the
militia only to repel invasion or suppress insurrec-
tion, and this implied either actual or threatened
invasion or insurrection: as there was neither, he
for the time being refused to turn out these five
companies.
Mr. INGERSOLL, (in his seat.) Not on that
ground.
Mr. HUDSON. Subsequently, during the same
year, three of these companies were sent to Alamo,
put under an officer of the United States, and
fought for the United States. This was in 1812.
In 3S33 no militia m the State of Massachusetts
was called out; all the regular forces were taken
from the forts. In 1814 the British fleet hovered
upon the coast; the Governor of the State at that
time, by an understanding with General Dearborn
and Commodore Bainbridge, turned out these men.
The claim, therefore, for which Massachusetts
asks to be reimbursed had no connection whatever
with the troops in controversy to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had alluded. It was in
the year 1814, and not 1812, that these men were
i turned out, and the only controversy then between
the Governor of the State and the commanding
general of the district was, whether a United States
officer of inferior grade should rank a militia offi-
cer—whether a United States colonel, for example,
should rank a brigadier or major general of the
militia. This was claimed by General Dearborn,
and denied by the Governor; it was referred to the
Secretary of War, whodecided in favor of the State
authority, and said the United States had never
pretended in any such case that an officer of the
United States should rank an officer of the militia
unless he was of superior or equal grade.
Thpse troops, therefore, were called out in 1814,
when Maine was actually invaded; and, wherever
a United States officer of superior grade was found,
they were put under the United States officer, so
far as the general commanding a district could
have command at different posts. He would further
state that the claim for the $400,000, which had
; already been paid to Massachusetts and Maine, was
| of precisely the same class and characteras that pro-
j posed to be included in this bill, and that they had
| only differed at the first auditing from the want of
j evidence, which was subsequently furnished by
! the agent of Massachusetts.
j Mr. INGERSOLL could assure the gentleman
j from Massachusetts that not four hours ago, this
i very morning, he had read, with great inteiest too,
I the very able and eloquent letter of Mr. Otis in
vindication of this very proceeding, and it was the
| same or a similar dispute from first to last, in 1812,
: 1813, and 1814; and in this very letter, written in
i 1824, Mr. Otis declared that this claim was yet
[ unpaid, and that the fact was, that the troops of
J Massachusetts, if the Governor had admitted the
power of General Dearborn over them, would not
have served under him. It had been a disputed,
contested claim throughout, and it so remained.
Mr. HARALSON, being also allowed, by gen-
! eral consent, to say a few words, expressed the
: opinion that the proposed appropriation came
under the class expressly excluded by the rule as
not authorized by law, and that there could be fur-
nished no better reason for the rule than this very
instance. It involved the appropriation of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars; it involved a great
; constitutional question; it had not been investigated
or reported on by any committee at this session;
I and justice, as well as the express provisions of
: the rule, required that it should not be received as
an amendment to the general appropriation bill
, under these circumstances. He therefore insisted
: on his point of order.
The CHAIR stated that the pointof order turned
! on a question of fact—whether the appropriation
; was authorized by law; and, as he had no know-
' ledge of the fact except from the counter statements
here made, he proposed to decide it pro forma, with j
' the view of having an appeal taken to the House, j
He therefore decided the amendment m order. j
! Mr, HARALSON appealed from the decision, j
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to ask the j
| chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
j if the point of law was distinctly made in the com-
mittee? He had been a pietty le^ular attendant :
; on its meetings, and he had never heard of it be- :
, fore.
| Mr. VINTON replied that the law and the re- j
: port of the Secretary of War had both been pre- !
I sented to the Committee of Waysand Means,and
the amendment had been drawn up in pursuance '
, of them. [
i Mr THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected 1
1 to any further discussion.
1 The question was taken on the appeal, and de-
| cided m the negative: Ayes 5G, noes 81.
j So the decision of the Chair was overiuled, and
i the amendment was declared to be out of order,
j Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved to insert
! an item of $7,227 for restoring the buildings of a 1
1 marine hospital at Key West, Florida. ;
j Mr. SAWYER objected that it was not proper i
j legislation under this bill, for it belonged to the j
1 navy. I
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. KING explained the necessity for this ap-
propriation, and maintained that it properly be-
longed to this bill. He was understood to say, that
this item was proposed to restore the amount which
had been taken without authority of law from the
fund for the support of sick and disabled seamen
for rebuilding the hospital at Key West, which is
United States property. He appealed from the
decision of the Chair; but the Chair waa sustained
by a majority of 69 to 54.
Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
Mr. SCHENCK moved the insertion of an item
of $1,522 50, to pay Mr. Botts-'s mileage and per
diem as the contestant of the seat of Mr. J. W.
Jones in the twenty-eighth Congress.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order;
and on an appeal, the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CROZIER moved to strike out the items to
authorize the Clerk to pay for Congressional Globes
and Appendix. He said his first objection to these
items was, that it was not in order for the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to insert any such items
in this bill. The rule had been referred to fre-
quently, which provided that no items should be
inserted for the payment of money but in pur-
suance of law; and there was no law to authorize
this appropriation. He did not ask the chairman
of the committee to strike out the items, because
he did not think he had the power, notwithstanding
they were inserted without authority of law; but
he asked the committee to strike them out, because
the Committee of Ways and Means had no author-
ity to insert them in the bill. The phraseology of
the items itself afforded satisfactory evidence thai
the committee thought there was no law for the
payment of these sums, which amounted to $25,000;
and therefore they were asked to adopt these items,
to enable the Clerk to make these payments. He
objected, then, in the first place, because the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had no authority of law
for inserting these items; and he objected, in the
next place, because there was no resolution to just-
ify it. The Committee of Ways and Means might
say, that though there was no law, there was a
resolution. He (Mr. C.) said there was not; and
if it were not that he had great respect for the as-
tuteness of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, he should say that such a construction
was a perversion of the English language.
He rend the resolution passed on the 1st of
March, 1846, under which the Congressional
Globes were furnished, and argued that there was
nothing in it to show that it was to be continued
longer than the Congress at which it was passed.
[EJe was here reminded of the Senate resolution.}
The Senate resolution (he said) did no more than
fix the price at six dollars for the long session, and
three dollars for the short one, which sums were
to be paid out of the contingent fund; and so U
would have been by this House, but the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had properly relieved the
contingent fund from these items, and transferred
them to the general treasury, by this item, which
proposed to give authority that would enable the
Clerk to pay them.
He objected to these items for the reasons which
he had stated, and he also objected because it was
the expenditure of a large amount of money for
j nought. WouldanybodysaythattheCongressional
] Globe had a corps of reporters heie? He had not
j seen one this session; and so far as he was informed
; and believed, for the last session the reports were
j taken from the National Intelligencer and the
| Union, word for word, and letter for letter. It
i then was a mere gift—a donation to keep up that
I press; and he thought it ought to be stricken out.
The item for the payment for the twenty-eighth
i Congress he supposed to be an error, for he did
not suppose those editors wouid be four years
1 without obtaining their pay.
Mr. VINTON explained that the item last re-
ferred to was an error. The amount had been
: paid, and he proceeded to show how it got into
this bill. He desired the Clerk now to make the
correction. So much for that. But the gentle-
' man from Tennessee seemed to think that the
i Committee of Ways and Means had fallen into a
< mistake in inserting these items in this bill, and
j that there was no authority of law to justify them
! in doing so. Now,in doing that, he had followed
i the precedent of the gentleman from North Caro-
