946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
As he lived, if he was President of the United
States, he would veto this bill, and teach them not
to put such items into it as these.
Mr. VINTON explained the necessity of open-
ing and grading this avenue, as a great thorough-
fare from the City Hall, Post Office, and Patent
Office, to the Capitol.
Mr. V. then went into some general remarks on
the opposition which had been made to the appro-
priations for the District. In contemplation of law
and of the Constitution, this entire District was
nothing but a seat of Government, and when it
was provided that such a District should be set
apart as the seat of the General Government, no
other idea had ever been entertained but that large
appropriations would he requisite for it as such.
The expenditures thus far had been much less than
the receipts of the Government. As the city in-
creased in size, they must of course increase^ in
amount. This was the case in every city.' It had
been said that other cities would willingly pay a
large bonus for the .privilege of having the seat of
Government removed within their limits. He
trusted the seat of Government would never come
into his State. Ohio could not afford to give the
city of Cincinnati to this Government. The Gov-
ernment, if it removed, would never be located in
a State. It must be placed in a wild place, in some
unoccupied spot, where the public buildings requi-
site might be erected. But, for one, he did not
choose to see the Government go away from this
spot, where such large amounts had been expend-
ed in providing for it the requisite accommoda-
tions.
Mr. A. JOHNSON renewed his objections to
appropriations of this character. Where did Con-
gress get the power, unless it was either expressly
granted or was necessary and proper to carry out a
granted power? Was this necessary ? Could not
the functions of Government go on without this
road to the railroad depot? The gentleman from
Ohio seemed to think this Government was a sort
of Aaron's rod, and that, if it went to Cincinnati,
that city would be totally swallowed up by it. Not
at all. It might be placed in the vicinity, and the
city would be greatly benefited. Give the people
of Cincinnati the offer, and nineteen-twentieths of
them would say yes, and agree to pay a handsome
bonus. They would not ask Congress to make
their streets for them, but would agree to put up
all necessary buildings. Instead of swallowing up
the city, it would benefit and enlarge it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, said he should
be very happy to accommodate the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] by discussing the
constitutional power of Congress to appropriate
for the District of Columbia, but there was not
time now to enter into so abstruse an argument.
It was certainly the first time in his life that he
(Mr. T.) had ever heard a question raised as to
the power of the General Government over the
subject of internal improvement in the Territories.
No man had ever objected to it before. The Presi-
dent never thought of such a thing. The honor-
able gentleman had gone a bow-shot beyond all
his Democratic friends in the exalted purity of his
constitutional views.
Mr. JOHNSON said the gentleman laid great j
stress on the clause which declared that Congress '
should possess exclusive power of legislation over j
the District of Columbia. He would ask the gen- |
tleman one question: Could Congress make an j
establishment of religion in this District?
Mr. THOMPSON. No, nor anywhere elsn; i
but the question convinced Mr. T. that the gentle- \
man had never read the Constitution in regard to j
this subject of internal improvements. It had been |
opposed m the Territories on the ground of expe- I
diency alone. _ ]
But it seemed to him that the gentleman from :
Tennessee was not intending so much to make a ;
constitutional argument against the power of Con- '
gress^as in setting up for bids for the removal
of the seat of Government; he thought there were ;
many places where the people would like to have
it, and would give a great bonus to get it. Now,
Mr. T. wanted it no neater to him than it was
at present. Heaven knew that it was quite near
enough now. The people of his State wanted to
have it no nearer; they did not desire to-see it
in the Mississippi valley. No. Let it remain
"where it was, and let these costly buildings con-
tinue to be occupied in providing for its accom-
modation; and let the people of this city and Dis-
trict feel the fostering hand of Government in a
much larger degree than heretofore.
The people in the West were not like the poor
citizens of the District of Columbia; they had legisjL
latures of their own, over whom they exercise^
control, and who must do their bidding; but here
the people were completely disfranchised, and
Congress was their only5-protector. To subject
them to all the whims and caprices of Congress, and
then to abuse and denounce them and continually
threaten them, was unfair, unmanly, hard, and
unjust.
The question being on Mr. Sawyer's motion to
strike out, it was rejected without a count.
The next item having been read: " For paving
the remainder of the centre space of Pennsylvania
avenue to 15th street, $4,000"—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to strike it
out. He said reference had been made to an origi-
nal contract between the Government and the for-
mer proprietors of the ground on which this city
stood; he had heard that contract often spoken of,
but he had never yet seen it.
Government had selected this as a fit site for the
seat of the General Government; a proposition had
then been made to the owners of the ground to
locate the city on their land, and it was agreed that
they and the Government should hold alternate
lots. Now, which of the parties had been the
gainer by such an arrangement? The land was
then worth probably some three dollars an acre—
certainly not over five. This raised its value an
hundred fold. And he insisted that Government
had spent on streets, bridges, and other local im-
provements on this spot now much more than it
ever had received. Mr. J. would be quite willing
to relinquish to the city every lot not in front or
in the immediate vicinity of the public buildings.
It had been said, that the city had not taxed the
public property. No; and in what State or county
did any one ever hear of the State buildings and
county property being taxed? Mr. Jf then again
referred to the amounts appropriated and assumed
for the District.
His motion was negatived.
Mr. HUDSON read from a report made by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, stating what
the Government owed the city on account of the
sale of public lots.
Mr. FICKLIN inquired by whom that report
was made?
Mr. HUDSON said, by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings—a high Democratic authority.
Mr. FICKLIN said, the man who made it should
have been dismiss^from office the next day. That
officer had undertaken to decide a legal question
which did not belong to him to decide. This was
not a question between the present citizens of
Washington and the Government, but between the
Government and the original proprietors of the
ground. It was the proprietors who had agreed
with the Government for every alternate lot; and
had they riot been greatly benefited by the bargain ?
It was the merest humbug to represent the Gov-
ernment as indebted to the city for the amount of
sales of public lots. This ground no more be-
longed to the citizens of Washington than to the
ciiSens of London. He would not call such rea-
soning nonsense, because he felt too much respect
for those who used it; but, in their zeal to build up
and adorn this city, they had quite lost sight of the
principles of the Constitution. The citizens here
had never given the Government one cent. If any-
thing could be claimed, it was only by the heirs of
the original proprietors. •
Mr.TALLMADGE had felt a good deal ofsur- i
prise at the course of the honorable gentleman from :
Illinois. Any one that observed his smooth and !
sleek appearance and his rotundity of figure, might ;
tell at a glance that he was a member of the Com- j
mittee for the District, [a laugh-,] and was this the j
return the gentleman made? [Increased merri- ;
ment.] Mr. T. was on that committee himself, I
and, for one, he meant to stand by the cause of the j
city. j
This appropriation was to complete an avenue j
that ran immediately before the President's house, j
Now, members of Congress were in the habit of j
visiting there; Mr. T. himself did, very often; and J
he did not want to risk the breaking of his neck !
whenever he left there at night. 1
Mr. FICKLIN inquired whether the gentleman [i
had ever broken his neck theie yet? I
M r, TALLMADGE said not yet; but it had been !
preserved almost by miracle, not only there but in
other parts of the city. Besides, Old Zack was
coming here; and as he had travelled over many a
hard road in Mexico, he wanted to give him a de-
cent road by which to reach the White House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RUMSEY moved to amend the bill by in-
serting a'proviso that the money appropriated for
city improvements should be expended under the
direction of the Mayor and Corporation of Wash-
ington, by the lowest responsible bidder; an engi-
neer to be furnished by Government to make the
necessary surveys.
He supported his amendment by some remarks,
going to show that the city authorities >vere a more
proper power to take the superintendence of the
expenditure of this money than the Commissioner
of the Public Buildings. He did not want to see
the money spent, as it would now be under exist-
ing law, by the public gardener and his assistants.
He was hardly willing they should exhaust the
whole fund in day's york.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. vINTON moved an amendment to pay
 Walker for work done at Norfolk hospital.
Agreed to.
Also, for expenses of the survey of the boundary
line between the United States and the British
provinces* §3,310 75. [He had read a letter from
the Secretary of State showing that amount neces-
sary to close up the expenses of that line.] Agreed
to.
Also, for continuing the publication of the works
of the Exploring Expedition,, including the print-
ing of charts, pay of scientific corps, care of the
collections, &c., §30,000. Agreed to.
Mr. FICKLIN moved that the committee rise.
Rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved an amendment repeal-
ing the law requiring the ceagj,pn by the States, in
advance, of the jurisdiction^? the sites of light-
houses, as far as the light-houses at Galveston and
other parts of Texas are concerned.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
M r. MULLIN moved to add as a proviso to the
item for superintendents of light-house3, that no
part of the sum should be paid to any person who
receives a salary as an officer of the customs, and
that said services after , 1849, should be done
by collectors of customs. Agreed to.
1 Mr. McLANE moved an amendment for an
inspector of light-houses in the Chesapeake bay,
$1,200. Rejec ted.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the committee rise.
Mr. VINTON hoped not. He thought they
might get through the bill in an hour.
The motion was agreed to: Ayes 66, noes 58—
and the committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON offered a resolution providing for
a recess from the time of adjournment to 7 o'clock
p. m., and, objection being made, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules for the purpose. Pending this
question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 17, 1S48.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report on the memorial
of Agnes Slack.
The following resolution, introduced by Air.
Niles, was taken up and adopted:
Rcsohed, That the committee to audit and control the
contingent expenses of the senate he instructed id inquire
whether the contract to rep.-.u the proctedma;-* and debate-*
of the * cunt" ha> been fanhfulh executed, and whether the
sain-.* has nnsweied the purpose; and, i! not. to repoit some
nieds-uie to remedy the e\ih
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the modification of
the laws regulating fines in the couits of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first time.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following, which
lies over:
HesoUcd. That the President of the United ?tttes be re-
quested to communicate to the M'nnie any information
which may be m the possession of the Executne relating to
the seizure and capture of the American -ship Admit'enee,
on the cchAs-t of California, bj a \(..~sel of war of the United
Urates, and whtthei an> and what proceedings have oc-
curred in repaid to Mud ve^<ei or her cargo, and to fti/ni*h the
Senate with copies of all documents, papers, and eomtiium-
ention* in the possession of the .Executive relating to the
same.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the select com-
