1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
mittee appointed to take charge of the bill for
establishing a Territorial Government in Oregon,
&c., had leave to sit during the daily sittings of
the Senate.
j^AVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service.
The question being on the amendment of the
committee striking out the item of §7,500, for fur-
bishing the marine hospital at New Orleans—
Mr. DOWNS expressed a hope that the amend-
ment would be rejected, and that the clause would
be suffered to remain in the bill.
The amendment of the committee was then re-
jected.
Mr. BORLAND signified his intention, during
the progress of the bill, to make some remarks on
the subject of these hospitals.
The bill was further amended, on motion of
Mr. ATHERTON.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, laid on the table
an amendment which he proposed to offer, making
an appropriation of $50,000 to compensate the
officers of certain vessels lost in the service—the
Peacock, Missouri, Grampus, Shark, and Somers—
for clothing5 &c., lost when the vessels were de-
stroyed.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired to propose an
amendment, appropriating a sum to pay the claim
of certain persons for exhibiting a process to pre-
vent the explosion of steam-boilers, but said he
would not urge it—a bill on the subject having
been reported—should objection be made.
Mr. ATHERTON said he must certainly oppose
the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then withdrew his propo-
sition. _
Mr. NILES mov*to amend the bill by striking
out so much of the item relating to the ocean
steamboats as provided for the payment of sums
in advance, &c., and moved to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill till to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN said, that at a proper time he
should give some views in opposition to the whole
system. Not that he expected that his remarks
would be so successful as to arrest the bill, but he
wished the country to be informed on the subject.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DOWNS called up his resolution, making
Senate bills the business of the Senate on Fridays
and Saturdays; but,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the resolution was
laid on the table, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business. At a late
hour, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 18, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee of Conference
on the part of the House on the bill amendatory to
the act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, and for other purposes, made a report,
recommending that the Senate recede from its first
two amendments to the bill, and that the House
recede from its amendment as the third section of
the bill; and that the two Houses agree to the hill
which was presented with the above report of the
committee,
The previous question being moved and sec-
onded, the main question was ordered to be now
put, viz: Will the House agree to the report of the
. Committee of Conference ?
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, inquired of the
Speaker if the question could be divided so as to
take a separate vote on each of the sections ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. BROWN said he might be forced to vote
for the bill rather than lose the last section thereof.
He was decidedly opposed to all but the first and
last sections of the bill.
Mr. COBB of Georgia inquired of the Speaker
whether or not the report was susceptible of divis-
ion ?
The SPEAKER replied it was not.
Mr. COBB regretted that such was the case, as
there were pro visions of the bill for which he would
be
pleased to vote, and thought ought to beadopted;
d would, to reach his object, inquire of the
Speaker if, in the event of the rejection of the re-
port of the Committee of Conference by the two
xiouses it would not be in order to have another
Committee of Conference appointed, when the bill
could be put in a proper shape, excluding the
objectionable matter?
The SPEAKER replied that it could be referred
to another Committee of Conference.
Mr. COBB said he should vote to reject the re-
port with that object.
After further inquiries by Mr. FICKLIN and
Mr. BOTTS—
The vote on agreeing to said report was taken
by yeas and nays: Yeas 149, nays none. So the
report'of the Committteeof Conference was agreed
to.
Mr. BOTTS moved to reconsider the foregoing
vote, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; \yhich latter motion was agreed
to.
The following is the bill as passed:
AN ACT to amend an act entitled " An act supplemental to
an act entitled 'An act providing for the prosecution of
the existing war between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico,'" and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Amcrica. i/i Congress assembled, That the
proviso of the first section of an act approved the eighteenth
day of June, one thousand eight hundred arid forty-six, m
the following words: "That when the war with Mexico
'shall be terminated by a definitive treaty of peace, duly
'concluded and ratified, the number ofmajorgenerals* in the
' army shall be reduced to one, and the number of brigadier
'generals shall be reduced to iwo ; and the President of the
( (Jmted States is authorized and direi-tpd to select from the
1 whole number which may then be in office, without regard
1 to the date of their commissions, the number to be retained,
{ and cause the remainder to he discharged from the seiVioe
c of the United States," be, and the =ame is hereby, repealed:
Provided, That no vacancy happening in the grade of gen-
eral otheei shall he tilled up until the number is reduced to
one majorgeneial and two hngadiei generals.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
existing law as requires the dfccharge} at the close of the
war with Mexico, of one additional major to each of the
regiments of dragoons, artillery, infantry, and riflemen, in the
army of the United States, who were appointed or promoted
under the third section of the act parsed on the eleventh day
of February, one thousand eight hundred and forty seven, i
entitled "An act to raise, for a limited time, an additional I
military force, and for other purposes," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of said j
act, passed on the eleventh of February, one thousand eight i
hundred and forty-seven, as requires the discharge, at the [
close of the war with Mexico, of two additional suigeons and j
twelve additional assistant surgeons, as authorized by the i
eighth section of said act; four quartermaster*, and tcnas- j
sistant quartermasters, as authorized by the tenth section of j
said act; and so much of the act of the third of March, [
eighteen hundred and foity-seven, a^frequires the discharge, I
atthe close of the war with Mexico, of an assistant adjutant j
general, with the rank, pay, &c , of a lieutenant colonel of j
cavalry, and two assistant adjutauts general, with the hievet J
rank, pav, &c., of a captain oi cavalry, as authorized hy the j
second section of the said act of the third of March, eighteen I
hundred and forty-seven ; and the two deputy paymasters, j
as authorized by the twelfth section of the last-mentioned |
act, and the two pilncipal muMcians allowed to each regiment |
of artillery by the eighteenth section ofthe frnidhw-mentioncd ;
act, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Provided. That ;
no vacaneyhappeninsunder the provisionssorepealed shall >
be filled up until fuither authorised bylaw: Jlnd provided I
further, That the ten additiotiril paymasters appointed in vir- j
tue ofthe said foregoing act of the 3d March, 1847, shall he •
retained in service until the 4th day of March, 184!). Ht i
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further epactcd, That all the office!? of i
the old army who received appointments in any of the addt- 1
tional legiments raised for the war with Mexico shall be re- j
stored totheir formei legunents or eorp> and rank, as addi- !
tional officers, o( the respective grades to which thf>y would |
have succeeded, and to which they shall now succeed, in j
virtue of their loimer commissions : Provided. That such offi- ,
cers so restored *hall be reappointed by the Ptcadent, by and |
with the advice and consent of the Senate: Jlnd provided, i
That the next vacancy happening in such grade of such regi- I
merit or corps to which they succeed shaH'not be filled. j
Sec. 5 And be it further enacted, That the officers, non- j
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates engaged m
the military service of tiie United States in the war with '
Mexico, and who >erved out the term of their engaari'ment,
or have been or may be honorably discharged; and first to [
the widows, second to the ehildien, third to the paient*, |
and fouith to the brothers and sisteisoi Mich who have been i
kified m battle, or who died m service, or who, ha\ mg been >
honorably discharged, have since died, or may heieattei die. :
without receivins the thiee months' pay herein provided '
for, shall be entitled to iceeivf three months' extra pay: 1
Provided, That this provision of this fifth s-ection shall only 1
apply to those who have been 111 actual semce during the ,
wai. 1
COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS. j
Mr, PEASLEE asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present a communication from the
Commissioner of Patents, with the accompanying
papers, relating to charges which had been pre-
ferred against him to this House.
Mr. P. remarked that it was well known that
grave and important charges had been presented
to this House by one of the recent Examiners of
the Patent Office, impugning the integrity of the
Commissioner'of Patents as an officer, and his
character and conduct as a man. He said that it
wasdue to the Commissioner of Patents, inasmuch
as these charges had been spread far and wide, and
this House had at last been made their theatre,
that the Commissioner of Patents should have an
opportunity to vindicate himself, and to showthat
these serious charges were wholy unfounded and
groundless, as he was authorized to say they were
by the Commissioner of Patents, in the broadest
and most comprehensive sense, in general and in
detail. He therefore hoped no one would object
to the reception of the communication and accom-
panying papers, and their reference to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
^ Mr. CONGER objected, under a misapprehen-
sion of Mr. P.'s object, but afterwards withdrew
his objection.
Mr, FARRELLY said this matter had been
before the Committee on Patents, but, at this late
period of the session, the committee thought it
impossible that they could investigate the matter;
but, if they attempted it, they must be authorized
by the House to send for persons and papers. He
therefore moved, as directed, that the Committee
on Patents be authorized to send for persons and
papers, but said he hoped the House would vote
it down.
Mr. PEASLEE said that, in behalf of the Com-
missioner of Patents, he hoped there would be no
objection to this motion, for the Commissioner was
extremely desirous of the opportunity of showing
the utter falsity of these charges, which had been
made in so many places, but which he had had no
opportunity as yet to meet and refute; and he was
authorized to say that the more thorough the ex-
amination, the more full and searching the inqui-
ries of the committee, the moregratifying it would
be to that officer, confident as he was that the
affairs of the Patent Office had been faithfully and
properly administered.
The question being put on referring the com-
munication of Mr. Burke, with the accompanying
papers, to the Committee on Patents,—
Mr. GOGGIN moved to amend by striking out
the Committee on Patents, and inserting a select
committee. Disagreed to.
The question on giving the committee power to
send for persons and papers was then put and car-
ried.
And Mr. Burke's memorial was referred to the
Committee on Patents, with power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. HARALSON called up.the motion he made
yesterday to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution was passed diiecting the Clerk of the House
to furnish to each member of the House a panted
copy of all the acts and resolutions passed by Con-
gress and-approved by the President, as soon as
practicable, after the same shall have been severally
approved.
The question on reconsideration was put and
agreed to.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing-, to inquire and report to the
House the probable cost of printing and distribu-
tion of the laws.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Commitce of the Whole on the state ot
the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic a.r propriation bill.
Mr. TURNER moved to amend the item pro-
viding for the surv
ing the amount fr v_-,- - -
Mr. TURIS^R condemned the policy
cing the appropriations for sui veys of pubbclands,
and aigued that the amount annually appropri-
ated for years past, and now asked hy tne Com-
missioner of the General Land OiKce, should be
appropriated, and that it would conduce to tlie in-
crease of revenue from the land sales.
Mr. VINTON", under instructions from the
Committee of Ways and Means,jnoved an amend-
ment to the amendment to make1the appropi uitio'i
$65,000. He explained the data upon which the
committee had acted. There hau been, Uoin^ \ jar
to year, five times as many lands surveyed as'there
was any demand for; the consequcnce was, that
moveu to ameiiu mc fem wi<<-
irvey of the public lands bymcreas-
from $50,000 to $115,000.
IR condemned the policy of red 11-
