948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
there was now surveyed and in market a quantity
of lands vastly greater than all the land which had
been sold from the foundation of the Government
up to the present day. The good lands in market
were the greater part of them seeking buyers, and
finding none. This amendment provided for the
survey of live million acres—about twice as much,
instead of five times as much, as would probably
be sold during the present year. The committee
thought there was no pressing necessity for the
enlarged surveys. Indeed, he was of opinion that
it would be well to suspend the surveys altogether,
except in some particular locations, until this im-
mense quantity of lands in market should be dis-
posed of, to some extent at least. Now, every
year wc were told by the Executive that this im-
mense quantity of lands in the market and not sold
was conclusive evidence that they were good for
nothing; whereas the sale of lands was regulated
by the demand, m the same way as cotton, broad-
cloth, or any other commodity in market.
This was the general view of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that, if provision was made for
the survey of twice as much as would probably be
sold during the present year, it would be going far
enough, when they took into consideration the
present glutted state of the market.
After some conversation, Mr. McCLERNAND
desiring to obtain the floor—
Mr. TURNER accepted the amendment of Mr.
Vinton, and modified his amendment accordingly.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment by increasing the sum to §115,000.
The proposition laid down by the gentleman
from Ohio, that the demand fur the public lands
must regulate the sale, was true (said Mr. McC.)
as a general proposition; but that demand was to
be regulated in some measure by the legislation of
Congress on the subject. For exarriple, if they
put up the minimum price to ten, fifteen, or one
hundred dollars per acre, of course it would de-
crease the sale; on the contrarjr, if they decreased
the price, they increased the sale.
The gentleman stated that a larger amount had
been surveyed from year to year than had been
sold. That was true. But the amount not sold
was, to a great extent, proportionate to the amount
of inferior land*, those not worth $3 25 per acre;
so that we had to survey more lands than we sold,
in order to satisfy tn public demand for lands worth
$1 25 an acre. Between $100,000 and ^200,000
had been appropriated annually, for several years,
for these sui veys, and it was now proposed to reduce
the amount to $50,000, and subsequently to $65,000.
By the distribution act passed by the Whig Con-
gress of 3841, the gentleman and his party pledged
$150,000 for these sueveys; the Commissioner of
the General Land Office recommended $1]5,000 for
this year, estimating for the surveys of mineral
lands in Iowa and Wisconsin alone $40,000. But
the Committee of Waysand Means, on their own
dicta ,on theirown vagueapeculations, have assumed
to cut down the whole appropriation to ^50,000 or
$60,000. The consequence would be, that large
quantities in Iowa, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and
other States, would have to be overlooked altogether
and not surveyed for the present. The conse-
quence would be, first, that it would decrease the
revenue by keeping desirable lands out of market,
and that, too, at a time when we needed all the rev-
enue that could be received. In the next place, it
was making a vital assault upon the new States,
by discouraging emigration to those States, and
preventing their development and settlement. It
was also an attempt to do that which Congress
could not do—to force the sale of lands for a dollar
and a quarter which were not worth that sum, by
limiting the sales to inferior lands. It would also
postpone the period of graduation, which perhaps
was one of the objects of the committee. It was
a policy which, while $150,000 had been pledged
when the proceeds of the sales were to be squan-
dered among the States, now, when they were to
go into the treasury, cut down the surveys to
$50,000. It was a policy which was shaped to
carry out party views, and might be regarded as
a direw assault on the new States. He called the
attention of their Representatives and people to it.
He withdrew thf amendment.
Mr. McCLELLAND renewed it. He believed
that all those surveys contemplated by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in Michigan,
Iowa, and Wisconsin would be materially affected
if this reduction of appropriation was made. If he
was wrong, the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Coixamer] could correct him.
Mr. COLLAMER said the surveys in the State
of Michigan, to a very considerable extent, mustf
go on, because there was an appropriation in the
bill for the geological survey by itself; the lineal
surveys, therefore, must go on and keep pace with
them. They could not locate without.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, if he understood the
Commissioner correctly, he stated if the amount (
recommended was not allowed, the lineal surveys |
could not be kept up with the geological e^amina- i
tions, and that it was important for them to go on ,
in Michigan. \
Mr. COLLAMER said it was true the Commis-
sioner said if this amount, was cut down, the lineal
surveys necessary in Michigan could not be made.
Mr. VINTON said the bill appropriated this
sum in addition to the unexpended balance in the
treasury. The Secretary reported that there was
an unexpended balance of appropriations, which
might be carried to the surplus fund, of $89,000;
ii so that they would have this $89,000 in addition
jj to the ^65,000 which the committee proposed to
< \ appropriate, and also the various items for survey
of thc'mincral lands, which were additional items by i
themselves.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, stated that there
i were seven millions of acres now under contract
: for survey.
11 Mr. McCLELLAND said, if he understood the
11 Commissioner of the General Land Office, he asked
|j for §115,000 over and above this unexpended bai-
|| ance of former appropriations, and complained that
if this appropration was not made, then he would
not be able to go on with these surveys in Michi-
gan, Iowa, and Wisconsin, which he said were,
in his opinion, absolutely necessary not only for
the settlement of the States, but for the increase of
the revenue itself. Now, he asked the gentleman
from Ohio—and he certainly knew very well how
it was in his State—he (Mr. McC.) was certain it
was the case in Michigan—whether there were not
a great many of the surveyed lands that in all pro- 1;
bability never would be sold. ;j
The amendment to the amendment was rejected: :j
Ayes 53, noes 70; and the modified amendment of !;
Mr. Turner, appropriating §65,000, was agreed
to.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to strike out the item
of $40,000 for compensation of geologists, assistant
geologist**, laborers, packmen, and incidental ex-
penses attending the geological examination and
survey of the mineral lands in Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, and Iowa, including the amount required for
the third and fourth quarters of the year ending the
30th June, 1848. Lost.
Mr. TURNER moved to add $20,000 for a
geological survey of Oregon. Lost.
Mr. VINTON moved, by direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to amend the items for
intercourse with foreign nations, by the insertion
of an item of $9,000 for outfit of a minister to
Russia. Agreed to.
Mr. HILLIARD moved to amend the item for
ministers to certain specified courts, by adding the
wefra " Austria;" and on this he spoke his five |
! minutes in reply to the speech of the gentleman |
I from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] de- !
: livered some short time ago. {
j Mr. MARSH, on a pro forma motion, expressed j
I his views on this subject. ]
I Mr. FTtlltard's amendment was then rejected, j
i Mr. HILLIARD next moved to insert the word j
! " Turkey," where a minister resident is now sent, j
| for whom, he said, $6,000 was insufficient. He
argued this question through his allotted five min- i
utes. ;
The amendment was rejected. ;
Mr. HILLIARD moved an additional item of
$3,910 76 for the services of Mr. John Randolph '
Clay, Secretary of Legation to the Court of Austria ,
during the absence of the United States minister, .
when the duties of the mission devolved on him. :
He said the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
declined recommending the payment of outfit,
and infit, but proposed to pay him the increased
salary.
Mr. VINTON, on a pro forma motion, con-
tended that inquiry should be made from the Sec-
retary of State whether the services had been
rendered and not paid for.
Some conversation ensued, in which Mr. C. J.
INGERSOLL and others took part.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUER moved an additional item to com-
pensate Mr. Dorr for services rendered at Valpa-
raiso, Chili. Mr. Dorr was consul, and during^
the absence of the representative of this Govern-
ment he discharged duties as charge.' Agreed to.
Mr, HILLIARD moved separate items to give
Mr. Martin the compensation of charge, deducting,
his salary a3 secretary of legation, for service's
rendered at Paris from the time of Mr. King's de-
parture and Mr. Rush's arrival; and the like com-
pensation to Dr. Parker for ^services rendered a*
China. They were both agreed to.
Mr. BARROW made a like motion, which was
agreed to, tocompensateMr. Donnett, then United
States consul, for services at Portugal from the
time of Mr, Kavanagh's departure to Mr. Barrow's
arrival.
The committee rose and reported the bill at
twenty-seven minutes after one o'clock.
The House proceeded to consider the bill and
amendments.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered, viz: Will the House concur with "the Com-
mittee of the Whole in their amendments ?
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved aseparate
vote on the amendment providing compensatioa
for a derk to the Sergeant-at-arm-s. It was taken
by yeas and nays, and resulted in the affirmative?
Yeas 109, nays 53.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked a division of the'
question on the amendment providing for the pur-
chase of the Jefferson and the Hamilton papers,
so as to take a separate vote on each branch there-
of.
The SPEAKER decided that a division of the
amendment could not be had.
Mr. COBB appealed from_ the decision of the
Chair. •
Thfe question was put on the appeal, and the
Chair was sustained.
The vote on agreeing to the amendment was
taken by yeas and nays, and resulted: Yeas 73,
nays, 97.
So the House rejected the amendment to pur-
chase the papers of Mr. Jefferson and General
Alexander Hamilton.
The amendment reducing the salary of the
principal clerk in the stock bureau, Treasury De-
partment, from §1,400 to $1,200, was separately
voted on, and-was disagreed to.
The amendment providing*for repairs of the
Capitol; for. the improvement and enrichingof the
Capitol grounds; for fencing the public squares
north, south, and west of the Capitol square; for
repairs on the President's House; for lighting
Pennsylvania avenue; for keeping in repair the
iron pipes conveying water to the Capitol, and for
sprinkling Pennsylvania avenue, was read.
.Mr. SAWYER asked a separate vote thereon.
It was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted in the
affirmative: Yeas 91, nays 81.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked aseparate vote on
the "amendment reducing the mileage and pay of
the persons who are to bring the vote of the elec-
toral colleges for President of the United States to
the seat of Government.
- It was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted in
the affirmative: Yeas 89, nays 87.
A separate vote was taken by yeas and nays on
agreeing to the amendment for the purchase of a
site for the erection of a custom-house at Charles-
ton,South Carolina,and resulted in the affirmative:
Yeas 89, nays 71.
The yeas and nays were taken on agreeing to
the amendment striking out the item making an
appropriation for the removal of the obstructions
to navigation in the Savannah river, and resulted,
Yeas 85, nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Ba\ly, Rt-ale, Bingham. Bird-
sal!, Bocoek. P.owhn, Boyd, Biodhead, William G. Brown,
Albeit ft Biown. Burt, Oatheart. Cha-se, Brvetlv L. Clarke,
Howell Cobb, Williamson H. W. Cobb, Col I wis. Daniel, Dick-
inson, Garnett Duncan, Paian, Feather-ton, Fickhn, Fries,
Fulton, Gieen. IlamnionSv Haial^on, ftainiduMm, Ranis,
Hill, Geoiije S. Houston. Inge, Chai le^ S Inem^oil, fverson,
Andrew Johnson, James H Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kaufman. Kenno'i. Lahni. La S6re,St<i-
nrv Lawrence, liigon, Lout, Lumpkin. L>r.<lc, Maclay,
M.'ClpUnnd, M'Cleir.nritl, MtDowtll, Job Maim. Meade,
Miller, Morn*. Nicoll, Pea«lee, Peek, Petiie,Pe\ton, Phelps,
Rh( tt. Bichev, Ko.-kmli. Sawyer. Sunpson, Smart, Stanton,
Suukweaiher. Charles 13. Smart, Tiioma=, James Thompson,
J ieob Thompson, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurston, Turner, Venable, Wallacc, Wick, WitUanw, w il
mot, and Woodward—35.
