952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
lutionary soldiers? The committee^ report in-
sisted that the year fixed upon as a limit, viz: the
year 1800, had not been fixed in an arbitrary man-
ner, bccause at that lime the war of the Revolution
was ended,and thelndian difficulties, which follow-
ed it were for the most part quieted. But, in reply
to this, he begged to read a brief extract from the re-
port of the mi nority of the committee. Mr. S. having
lead the extract, went on to contend that the limit-
ation was purely arbitrary,^nd the excuse for it
not founded in fact. It had formerly been fixed at
1794; but Congress had departed from the prin-
ciple on which it was contended that the limit
ought to rest, and had reduced it as low as 1800.
The pensions had been extended first for five years;
then for one year longer; then again for five years,
and finally for life. And it was right. These
pensioners were entitled to it on every principle of
reason and of justice. We were too forgetful of
the past; we were very ready to speak of the noble
achievements and the deeds of patriotic daring
which had been accomplished by our revolutionary
army, but we let our admiration go no further.
There it stopped. On our last sabbath of freedom,
when the foundation was laid of a monument to
Washington, he had observed with pleasure that
the surviving soldiers of the Revolution held an
honorable and conspicuous place assigned them in
the solemnities of that memorable occasion; the
same mark of respect was paid them in all public
and national celebrations throughout the country.
It was right; it showed that the nation remembered
and delighted to honor their noble sacrifices and
patriotic deeds; but while we remembered these,
ought the wives and children of these men to be
forgotten?
Some gentlemen insisted that pensions were a
mere gratuity: he admitted that in some aspects
they were a gratuity; but they were also a debt, a
just and sacrcd debt: those for whom they were
provided had a strong demand upon our gratitude
and affection. And if we respected the soldier,
who suffered, fought, and died for the country, we
ought surely to respect those who were dear to
them, and who formed a part of themselves. What
could be more gratifying to those late survivors of
the revolutionary struggle, whose number was so
much reduced, and who were daily falling into the
grave, than to know that the country had made an
honorable provision for those they left behind ?
Mr. S. would here allude to a public sentiment
uttered by the late distinguished member from
Massachusetts, who had lately departed from
among us, but whose fame was a part of the treas-
ure of the whole country. It was a sentiment
beautiful in its conception, elegant m its expression,
and chaste and classical in its allusion. It was
this: " The living records of the war of the Revo-
lution, like the books of the sibyls, as they decrease
in number they grow in value."
Mr. S., according to promise, renewed the call
for the previous question; but the House refused ■
to second it. j
Mr. BOWLIN obtained the floor, and went into '
a very earnest speech in opposition to the amend-
ment. He denounced the existing pension system
and its gradual extension as an open plundering of
the treasury. The limitation which had been fixed
by law for the marriage of those to whom these
revolutionary pensions were to bfe allowed had not
been fixed in an arbitrary manner, but was founded
injustice and m common sense. It was intended
as a safeguard to prevent pensions for revolutionary
set vices being allowed to those who had not been
ahve in the times of the Revolution. A pension
was a gratuity, a mere bounty, and nothing else;
and when pensions were first allowed, they had ac-
cordingly been carefully guarded by the wisdom
of our ancestors so as to be given to those only
who had rendered valuable service to the country,
anu who were in needy circumstances requiring
public aid. But since then, the system had gone
on spreading wider and wider, till now pensions
weie paid to men worth half a million of dollars.
When once the original principle of the limitation
was departed from, Congress were completely at
sea; tliete was no stopping place. If weabandoned
1800 and came down to 1812, why not come down
tp a period still later ? It was proposed to make a
leap at once of twelve years and come down to 1812;
the next he supposed would be some twelve years ,
more, and would bring us down to 1824; and so
we should go on till wc came down at length to
1848. AVhy not?
AH-the fine things which had been said about
dipping our arrows and uniting to reward revolu-
tionary services looked very beautiful on paper;
but the tax-payers of the country would require
something more to reconcile them to this open
plunder of the treasury. But this was only the
beginning of troubles. The loose verbiage of the
bill was such as to include almost every being in
creation.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, in reply to an inquky
made by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bow-
lin,] said the gentleman was entirely mistaken as
to his having made a speech. He had merely re-
ported the bill, in obcdience to the instructions of
the House.
In reference to the allegations made by the gen-
tleman, that the House were called upon to act
without information on this subject, and that the
bill would draw millions of dollars from the treas-
ury, and give pensions to orphans and children
and a class of persons heretofore unknown to our
pension system, Mr. Lawrence desired to say that
all the information he desired had been embodied
in a report submitted by him on behalf of the mi-
nority of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, which had been before the House since
February last. If the gentleman had taken the
trouble to look at that report, he would have seen
that his estimate of the amount to be drawn from
the, treasury under this bill was very erroneous.
He was equally mistaken as to other portions of
the bill. It provided only for the widows of such
as would be entitled to pensions under existing
pension laws. It merely extended the limitation
of the period of the marriage.
Mr. POLLOCK referred to the previous action
of the House upon this bill during the piesent
session, it having been recommitted, when former-
ly under consideration, to the Committee on Rev- ;
olutionary Pensions, with instructions to report
this very bill. He had no sympathy with the
course of the gentleman from Missouri. He did
not measure his gratitude for the men of the Rev-
olution by dollars and cents. It was a debt which
was due as some small token of our gratitude—not
a mere donation, as the gentleman represented.
The gentleman, he thought, had correctly stated
that he had not minutely examined the bill. In-
stead of the additional burden of millions which
he predicted it would throw upon the treasury, it
would not increase the expenditures of ourpension
system over $200,000, or, at the extreme, over
^282,000. \The report of the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, who had gone into a minute
estimate, showed the fact. It extended the revolu-
tionary pensions to no class of persons who were
not now entitled to them; but was a mere extension
of the period prior to which the marriage must have
occurred, from 1794 to 1800.
The gentleman had asked, why limit it to 1800?
He would reply, why limit the period to 1794, as ;
was done by the existing law? The war closed j
and peacc was declared in 1783. The reason was, j
that the country remembered with gratitude the
services of those men who had periled their lives
and their all in the Revolution; and the reason that
they now proposed to extend the period of mar-
riage to 1800 was, that they retained the memory
of their services, that the debt of gratitude still
existed, and they were determined it should be
repaid, or rather acknowledged, by this trilling
pension to the widows and children of those'de-
ceased soldiers. He warmly uised the passage of
the bill. "
Mr. VENABLE expressed himself amused fit}
the flourish of trumpets and the high-sounding j
professions of patriotism which gentlemen some- i
times made use of to press bills through this House, ,
by the power of excitement and sympathy, which ,
could not be passed on calm deliberation. The ■
s)rstem of pensions was contrary to the genius of 1
our Government; the word itself implied it; and i
there ought to be a strong reason for granting a pen- >
sion in any case. A pension was a donation, by i
act of Congress, of that to which the person of his ,
own right was not entitled. He did not yield to any :
gentleman m his admiration of, and gratitude to, the
soldiers of the Revolution. Those who had served ,
their country in that war, who had bared their '
bosoms in her defence, should be paid, and had ■'
been paid. But why should a woman, who per- j
haps was born since the Revolution, receive a pen- 1!
sion for no other reason than that she had com- i1
mitted the very foolish act of marrying an old man >1
who had been in the war, and had received his
pay and pension during his' life > Wherever it
could be distinctly made, out that a man or his
family were entitled to receive a pension, he would
pay it; but these were not^such cases. He was
opposed to establishing a precedent for pensioning
the individuals and their wives and families, to all
time, who had served in the war of 1812, and of
the Mexican war. He hoped no such eleemosy-
nary establishment would be fastened-on the treas-
ury of the United States. He knew that it was
attempted to get up a prejudice against any man
j who dare oppose such a bill, and that the cry was
raised that he was opposed to the soldier. He re-
peated that fee was as much the soldier's friend as
any gentleman, but he looked also to the great
body of the taxpayers in the country; and was
ready to meet the responsibility of opposing the
establishment of an enormous and unjust pension
system, the expenditures of which were to be
drawn from their pockets.
Mr. CABELL next obtained the floor; and,
remarking that he was desirous to proceed to other
business, demanded the previous question, which
was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and, being
taken, the amendment of Mr. Silvester, to extend
the period to 1812, was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and'
was subsequently read a third time and passed:
Yeas 128, nays 38.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE moved to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill; and—
On motion of Mr. COLLINS, the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. S. LAWRENCE, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged
from the petitions of Mary Cook, widow of John
Cook, and of the citizens of Brown county, In-
diana, in behalf of William Tucker. Laid on the
table.
Mr. DONNELL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, to which was referred Senate
bill granting a pension to Abigail Garland, widow
of Jacob Garland, deceased, reported the same
back to the House without amendment. Com-
mitted.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of Eve Boggs, widow of John Boggs.
Read and committed.
Also, made an adverse report on the petition of
John England. Laid on the table.
I Mr. FREEDLEY, from the same committee,
• reported bills for the relief of Joseph Dana and for
| the relief of Hannah Kinney. Read and commit-
! ted.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of Mary Taylor,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. FREEDLEY, the Committer
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the petitions of Anne Royal, widow of ""William
Royal, and Patience Corbm, and from the aifida\it
of Richard Pattison. Laid on the table. '
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of the heirs of Daniel Av-
ery, Edward Shepherd, John M. Rosebury, and
Susannah ICimball. Laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Martha Dameron, widow o
Christopher Tompkins. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
petition of Joseph Sloan. Laid on the table.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of Andrew McKim
and Robert Perry, heirs of Andrew Snyder, Abi-
gail Edgerly, and Dickinson Lumpkin. Laid on
the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of Thompson
Hutchinson, reported the same back to the House
without amendment. Laid on the table.
Mr. HAMMONS, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Welcome Parmenter, reported the same back to
the House without amendment. Committed.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of the heirs
of Joseph Plumb. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. SILVESTER, the Commit-
