1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
tee on Revolutionary Pensions was , discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Elizabeth C. Fitzhugh, widow of Peregrine Fitz-
hugh. Laid on the table.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the reiief of
Elizabeth Jones, leported the same back to the
House without amendment. Laid on the table.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution relative
to steam navigation.
The resolution was read twice.
Mr. KING spoke at length in support of his
resolution. He traced the progress of the steam
navigation of Great Britain, from the first success-
ful voyages of the Sirius and the Great Western to
the present period, showing the number of steam-
ers employed in sailing between England and this
western continent, and the British West India
Islands, together with much valuable statistical in-
formation on the same subject, which, he said,
showed satisfactorily that not only the safety of
our commerce, but of our very seaboard, required
that we should encourage steam navigation, that
we might be prepared with a number of war steam-
ers in case of necessity, and promote our com-
merce in time of peace.
[This speech was exceedingly elaborate, and its
statistical character requires its carcful revision
before publication. It will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. VINTON said this was an important sub-
ject, and could not, he presumed, be 'disposed of
without some debate. He therefore suggested that
it should be informally laid aside, or be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, that some other business might be taken
up and completed. He held in his hand the bill
making appropriations for the army, which it was
important that he should report, that it might be
printed, as he proposed to call it up the day after
to-morrow; and he desired also that the civil and
diplomatic bill should be passed to-day. He there-
fore moved that these resolutions be informally laid
aside, for the reasons which he had indicated.
Mr. McCLELLAND objected, and moved their
committal to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that they be printed.
Mr.-KING said, there was but one resolution
of the series which could, with propriety, be sent
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. He referred to that which proposed that
the Secretary of the Navy should make a tempo-
rary arrangement with Captain Marshall. The
other resolutions simply required the Secretary of
the Navy to advertise for proposals, which should
be returned to this House at its next session. The
session was now drawing to its termination; and,
unless these resolutions should be now passed, he
feared that nothing would be done towards the ac-
complishment of the great objects contemplated.
If they should be sent to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, all hopes would
be abandoned. He preferred that they should be
passed over informally, and called up again to-
morrow.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, the gentleman from
Georgia would recollect, that at the heel of the last
session he introduced a'proposition that was very
Similar. The consequence was, that very little
consideration was given to it, ami he supposed the
members knew very little about it. There were
many things in relation to this proposed-system
"which he (Mr. McC.) liked very much, but there
were others that he disliked. He would like,
therefore, to have these plans laid before the House
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where they could go into the merits of
them.
Mr. KING said, the subject was well under-
stood.
Mr. McCLELLAND doubted that, and there-
fore he preferred the freedom of debate, which the
committee would afford, rather than discussion in
the House, with the restrictions which its rules
imposed.
Mr. KING replied, that the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. McClelland] was m error as to
fact; and he was the last man in the House that he
should expect to make such a mistake. He said
that a similar measure had been reported at the
heel of the last session, and passed through the
House without being understood. Now, the fact
was, that the bill had been reported in May, JS46,
and had been before the House and on the tables
of members for a whole session.
Mr. McCLELLAND replied, that the report
might have been made at the time mentioned; but
it was well known that not one tenth of the mem-
bers ever read the numerous printed reports that
were laid upon their tables.
Mr. KING said, that was not his fault. If the
committee had laid all the facts and arguments in
favor of a measure for months together before
every member of the House, and they would not
read them, it was their own fault. The bill had
been on the calendar from the 3d of May.
Mr. VINTON remonstrated. He urged the
propriety of laying this bill aside informally that
the committee might report another appropriation
bill, and that the general appropriation bill, which
had been engrossed, might be taken up and passed.
Mr. KING hoped this would not be done.
Mr. FICKLIN moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KING said that if this was done, the bill
would go into the tomb of the Capulcts. He hoped
that every friend of our commercial marine, that
every man who desired to see American interests
take precedence of those of a foreign nation, would
stand up for the bill and resist such a motion.
Mr. FICKLIN said that the bill or resolution
provided that the Secretary of the Navy might re-
ceive bids for the erection oT these steamers, and
this would come to be pleaded as the ground of
allowances hereafter, just as had happened in the
case of the Postmaster General, who had made a
contract without authority of law, and the con-
tractors then came and pleaded that in good faith
Congress was bound to remunerate them; hefeared
a like result in this case.
Mr, KING explained. The Secretary was to
make no contract, but only to receive bids, and
report them to Congress. The last resolution au-
thorized him to contract temporarily fur the use of
a certain ship, till Congress should have acted on
the bids made. No appropriation was asked.
Here a great strife arose as to the course of busi-
ness—some moving to lay aside these resolutions
informally, others to refer them to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, others to
adjourn.
Inquiries were pressed on the Chair, and many
gentlemen were addressing the Speaker at once;
until at length—
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the resolution on
the table; which was carried.
The committees being, after much objection,
called on for reports—
Mr. VINTON asked leave to report back to the
House the bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the army.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, objected to
any report out of order.
Mr. VINTON appealed to the House for leave
to report the bill, as it was of great importance that
it should be acted on.
Objections being persisted in—
Mr, FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported bills for the relief of Susannah'
Prentiss; for the relief of Thomas R. Saunders;
for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget, and for the re- i
lief of Aaron Stafford; which bills were severally
read and committed.'
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of
Moses White, reported the same back to the House
without amendment.
The bill was then read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of DavidN. Smith,
leported the same hack to the House without
amendment. Committed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, rose to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to strike out of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30,1849, the item for the removal of obstruc-
tions m the Savannah river.
The above motion was laid over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved, at
four o'clock, that the House adjourn. Lost.
Mr. VINTON again appealed to the House to
suffer the army appropriation bill to be reported.
Objected to.
Mr. COLLINS moved to adjourn. Lost.
Mr. VINTON now, by leave, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making
appropriations for the support of the army for the
year ending 30th June, 1849. Read twice and
committed.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. ,
Wednesday, July 19, 1848.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
Alexander B. Johnson, of New York, complaining
of the mail being suppressed on Sundays, and
showing the injury sustained by the commercial
and trading interests, and the loss to the revenue,
and asking Congress to remedy the evil; which
was read, refeired to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
THE COMPROMISE.
Mr. CLAYTON rose and said: There may
possibly be some misapprehension in regard to a
portion of the remarks made by me yesterday in
introducing the bill for the organization of Territo-
rial Governments in Oregon, New Mexico, and
California, and I desire to correct it if any such
exist. The Select Committee desired, and in that
desire I fully concur, that the bill should speak for
itself, and that it should be regarded as the expo-
nent of their views and opinions, (t was not my
purpose to submit the remarks which I made yes-
terday in lieu of a report; nor were they to be
regarded as tantamount to a report. The bill, I
repeat, is to speak for itself. It fully reveals the
sentiments of the committee, and for that very
leason a formal report was deemed unnecessary.
I do not know that if is now necessary for me to
say anything more than to add that a largo major-
ity of the committee decidedly expressed the wish
that this measure might become a law, with the
expectation and design that it would prove to be
an adjustment of the great question now in contro-
versy between the North and the"South. I shall^
if there be no objection, call up the bill to-morrow,
and then every member of the committee will have
an opportunity of expressing his views upon the
subject—an opportunity of which I design to avail
myself.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am exceedingly gratified
by the explanation of the Senator from Delaware.
Had it not been made, it might have been sup-
posed in some quarters that the whole committee
had concurred in all the particular views which he
for himself had expressed. I agree with him in tes-
tifying that it was the unanimous understanding
of the" committee that the bill should speak for
itself; and I may add, that it was also understood
by me that this was to be a permanent and not a
temporary settlement of the whole questiou.
Mr. KING inquired whether the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Delaware had been regard-
ed in the light of a report from the committee, and
were so recorded on the Journal by the Secretary?
The PRESIDING OFFICER replied in the
negative.
Mr. PHELPS. I refrained yesterday from
making any remarks in reference to what fell from
the honorable chairman of the Select Committee,
because I understood it was not to be regaided as
a report, for which, in all us particulars, the com-
! rnittee was responsible.
Mr. CLAYTON, (in his seat.) Of course not.
! Mr. PHELPS. I am willing to say, however,
I that I concurred in the action of the committee.
' In my judgment, the only mode for the adjustment
of this question has been adopted; and I think I
i can sustain that opinion before the country and my
| constituents, by reasons which I shall take the op-
, portunitv of stating hereafter.
! Mr. CLAYTON. I never spoke for any man
' in my life, except at the bar in my professional
character; never in any public body have I attempt-
ed to speak for any one but myself, and I suppose
all understood that my remarks yesterday were in-
tended as my speech, and that no man would claim
it as his. I insist upon it, sir, that it was my
speech !
Here the explanations ended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
: mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the
! memorial of Mehitable Gibbs.
