954
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
July 20,
Also, from the same committee, an adverse re-
port on the memorial of Mary Coleman.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill providing for the examina-
tion and settlement of claims for land at the Sault
de Ste. Marie, Michigan, accompanied by a report;
which was ordered to be printed. The bill was
read a first time.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON,
Resolved, That there be punted 250 additional copies of
Senate document No. 80, prepared by Aaron H. Palmer,
and that the same be delivered to the said Palmer for his
own use.
On motion of Mr. WALKER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether the laws for the organization of
the Territory of Wisconsin are or are not still in existence
and foice over that portion of said Terutory, embraced with-
in the organized limits of the State of Wisconsin, and if they
arc, to inquire further into the expediency of making appro-
priation at the present session of Congress for defraying the
expenses of said Teriitory ot Wisconsin, and to report to the
Senate at as tdrly a day a-s practicable by bill or otherwise.
'Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following:
Resolved, That8,000 additional copies of Emory's repoit
and illustrations be printed and bound for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. HALE submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
furnish the Senate with the official returns of each of the
ships of the line, the frigates, and the sloops of war now in
commission, of the punishment inflicted in each of said ves-
sels as appears by ihe last return of each.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, was taken up and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Sectetary of the Senate be directed to
pay to J. C. Fremont, for his labor and service*, since he left
the army of the United States, m preparing and compiling
the man of Oiegon and California, as oidered by the Senate
on the 2d February, 1847, and in drawing up a geographical
mcmoir.in illustiation of said map : Provided, That the rate
of pay shall not exceed that allowed to S. N. Nicollet, E>q.,
for similar labors and services in preparing and compiling his
hvdiogtaphieal and topographical map of the basin of the
Upper Mississippi.
The joint resolution from the House relinquish-
ing to the State of Missouri certain trophies of
Doniphan's expedition was read afiistand second j
time by its title; when— j
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the ordinary forms j
be dispensed with, and the bill be at once consid-
ered; which, by unanimous consent, was agreed
to.
Mr. BENTON made some.remarks descriptive
of the capture of these cannon, and the uses to
which they had been applied against the enemy,
and paid a well-merited compliment to Colonel
Doniphan and to the gallant officers under his
command.
[Mr. Benton could not be distinctly heard in
the gallery.]
Mr. HANNEGAN said he did not know a
more appropriate occasion than the present to
inquire into the fate of a certain resolution submit-
ted by him some three months since in relation to
a medal to Col. D. and swords to the gallant offi-
ceis who had participated with him in his glorious
achievements.
Mr. BENTON replied, the resolution was in his
hands; and Mr. H. intimated thatithad been kept
there a long time.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill.
The amendments made by the committee, stri-
king out the various items of appropriation for
marine hospitals, were disagreed to.
Mr. NiLES moved to amend the bill by adding
the following proviso to the item making appropri-
ation for the contract for Atlantic steam vessels :
Provided, That this nppropuation shall not be considered
as uppiovuigand ratifying an> of ?aid contracts for mail line*
for a longei penod than five years;
and striking out the provision for an advance of
$2o,000 a month to enable the contractors to pre-
pare the steamers for the lines.
Mr. N. said, the clause which he proposed to
strike out gave authority to loan money to the con-
tractors for these steam vessels, for the purpose of
enabling them to carry out these contracts. There
was no security for the loan; and if persons making
contracts were to be furnished by Government with
the capital to carry out their contracts, we may
expect applicants without number. The adoption
of this clause in the House had already induced
the contractors on another line to apply for a sim-
ilar favor. He had been addressed on the subject'.
Had it been announced that Government would
supply the capital, he had no doubt that the con-
tracts might have been made on much lower terms.
Part of these contracts had been already disposed
of as a speculation: the contract was originally
made as a'matter of speculation. He spoke against
the law under which these contracts were made,
considering it as a,bad one for the United States.
He also adverted to the manner in which the con-
tracts were given out, so that the present contractor
obtained his contract for the sum of $45,000 higher
than the lowest bidder offered, on tlie ground that
the lowest offer was for a propeller, which was
regarded as inferior in speed and safety. He ob-
jected also to the contract being given for ten years,
which his amendment proposed to reduce to five
years.
Mr. HALE said he had been disposed to look
on this item as one out of which the public might
possibly derive some benefit, which was more than
he could anticipate from most of the other items.
He did not object to the aid which the bill pro-
posed to extend to the contractor in this case: he
thought it was of little consequence to the Govern-
ment whether the means were furnished at one
time or at another.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the spe-
cial order, and moved that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed till to-morrow.
The naval appropriation bill was then postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKEU, on leave, introduced a hill fo
grant to the State of Wisconsin the military reser-
vation at Fort Winnebago, in said State; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate then proceeded (quarter-past twelve) to the
consideration of Executive business; and, after
some time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
and
The Senate adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
I Thursday, July 20, 1848.
| The.Tournat having been read—
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER said he would proceed to decide
the question of order raised last evening upon tfie
motion of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.]
Mr. KING, of Georgia, rose to a question of
order, and submitted that the gentleman from
Michigan could not make the motion to reconsider,
j having voted for the motion to strike out.
The SPEAKER said he would decide that point
with the other, and proceeded to state the question.
It was well known to the House that the item in
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which
provided for the removal of obstructions in the Sa-
vannah rivet, had been struck out in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that the
vote in the House upon concurring in that amend-
ment was reported on the record—yeas 86, nays 83.
Of course the amendment was adopted, and the ap-
propriation struck out. Yesterday, however, the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stefhens] rose and
stated that his vote was wrongly entered that he
voted " aye" instead of " no," and called for a cor-
rection, which was accorded to him as his right.
The vote was then reported yeas 85, nays 84. A
i case then arose under the rule, in which it was the
! duty of the Speaker to settle the question; the
j Speaker voted in the negative, making the vote
: yeas 85, nays 85, whereby the amendment was
. reiected, and the original item, as contained in
| the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
I Means, was retained. In the mean time, however,
i the bill had teen ordered to be engrossed; a mo-
| tion had been made to reconsider ihe vote ordering
I the engrossment, and that motion had been laid on
i the table. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
| Stoart] had then raised the question of reconsid-
eration, and moved that the vote by which the
I House had rejected the amendment of the Com-
1 mittee of the Whole, upon the correction of the
, Journal and by the casting vote of the Speaker, be
' reconsidered. A question was then made whether
1 the motion to reconsider could be received.
The CHAIR now decided that, inasmuch as
when the House ordered the bill to be engrossed,
a provision was not in it which was afterwards
put in by the casting vote of the Speaker, the
House was entitled to a new vote upon the en-
grossment. The question then arose upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was rejected. Upon that question the Chair
had found but one precedent, being that to which
he had last evening referred:
" December 14, 1839. Mr. Mercer, who voted ill the af-
firmative of the question, moved that the House do recon-
sider the vote of yesterday on the proposition of Mr. Wise,
<That the credentials of the following named members:
John B. Aycrigg, John P. B. Maxwell, William Halsted,
! Charles C. Sfratton, and Thomas Yorke,' are sufficient to
j entitle them to take their seats in the House ; leaving the
que«tion of contested election to be afterwards decided by
the House."
" The Chairman decided, that a« the vote proposed to be
reconsidered was a tie vote, in consequence of which the
proposition was lost, he did not consider the motion in or-
der. The rule provides that£ when a motion has been once
made and carried in The affirmative or negative, it shall be
m order for any member of the majority to move for the re-
consideration thereof.' There was no majority on either
side of the question ; and lie did not, therefore, think the
rule applied to the case. No motion to reconsider a tie-
vote would be in order on either side."
[The record further states that an appeal being
taken by Mr. Mercer, the decision of the Chair
was sustained: Yeas 147, nays 64.]
The CHAIR would state to the House, how-
ever, that this decision was made under very pe-
culiar circumstances, arising out of the case of the
contested election from New Jersey, and while
there was no regularly elected Speaker in the chair.
The Chair had no hesitation in saying he differed
from the decision in this case. His own opinion
was, that a fair construction of the rule was, that
any one who voted with the prevailing side had the
right to move a reconsideration. This,lie thought,-
was the spirit of the rule.
The CHAIR, therefore, decided that the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the amendment
was rejected could be made,, but must be made by
* a gentleman who had voted with the prevailing
side; if, therefore, the gentleman from Michigan
had voted in the negative, his motion was in order.
It appeared that Mr. Stuart had not so voted;
but—
; Mr. CLARK, of Maine, rose and stated he had
| voted in the negative, and moved to reconsider the
' vote by which the amendment was lost.
The motion was received, and the question upon
| it was announced,
I Mr. BURT rose to inquire whether, in order to
get at the question of reconsideration, it was not
necessary that the House, by its vote, should re-
! fuse to order the bill to be engrossed?
The SPEAKER said the question of engross-
; ment, owing to these mistakes, was now open;
j and after the Reconsideration shall have been dis-
i posed of, the question would recur on the engross-
■ ment of the bill.
! Mr. KAUFMAN moved the previous question.
' Mr. POLLOCK moved to lay the motion to re-
' consider on the table.
| Mr. VENABLE called for the yeas and nays.
] Mr. CHASE moved a call of the House, and
i demanded the yeas and nays thereon, which were
ordered; and, being taken, resulted thus: Yeas 85,
navs 95. So the call was refused.
1 The question then recurred on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, on which the
yeas and nays were: Yeas 96, nays 9*2. So the
motion to reconsider was hid on the table.
The question was stated on the engrossment of
' the bill.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was read a third time.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote or-
dering the bill to be engrossed, and also moved to
lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
1 was agreed to.
The question was then stated on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. VIjNTON movedf the previous question,
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill teas rejected by yeas and nays, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, llarrinsrr. Belchrr, Blar.chard,
Bovdon, Brady, Hurknrr. Rniler, Cabell, Canuy, Chapman*
Chngniiiii, Cocke, Cranston, Cn--!ield, Cro/ier, Dickey,
Dixon, JDonncII, Darnel Duncan.Edwards, Alexander Evans,
J Nathan Cvans, Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley, Fulton, Oayle,
I Gnggin, Gott, Gregory, Hale, Billiard, Isaac E. Holmes,
