1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
Hubbard, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
John VV. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas B. Kins?, Daniel P. King,
J>vin, Lincoln, Macl.iy, McClelland, H. Mann, Marsh,
Maivin, Nelson, Newall, Nicoll, Outlaw, Peck, Pollock,
Preston, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, St.
John, Shepperd, Shernll, Silvester, Truman Smith, Stan-
ton, Stephens, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Tailrnadge, Taylor,
Thibodeatix, James Thompson, Thurston, Tompkins, Tuck,
Van Dvke, Vinton, and Warren—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Bingham,
Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead, William G.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Franklin
Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Collins, Crowel), Cummins, Daniel, Darling, Dickin-
son, Dunn, Eckert, Edsall,Embree, Faran, Farrelly, Feath-
erston, Ficklin, Fries, Gentry, Giddings, Green, Willard
P. Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haialson,
Hurmanson, Harris, Hill, Eiias B. Holme?, George S. Hous-
ton, Inge, Irvm, Iverson, Jameson, Jenkins, AndrewJohn-
son, Robert W. Johnson, G. W. Jones, Kaufmaji, Kennon,
Lahin, La Sftre, Sidney Lawrence, Ligon, Lord, Lynde,
McClernand, McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Job Mann,
Meade, Miller, Morris, Mullm, Nes, Peaslee, Petrie, Pettit,
Peyton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Putnam, Rbett, Richardson,
Richey, Root, Sawyer, Schetic-k. Simpson, Smart, Stark-
weather, Strohm, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Robert A.
Thompson, William Thompson, Turner, Venable, Wallace,
WentwortU, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and Wilmot—100.
So the general appropriation bill was rejected.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to reconsider the above
Tote, and to lay that motion on the table.'
[Much confusion and great sensation in the
House.] *
Mr. COBB, and several other gentleman earn-
estly remonstrated with Mr. Ficklin, .and urged
him to withdraw this motion.
Mr. FICKLIN, after a pause, said that his own
mind was in favor of adhering to the motion he
had made, but, as many of his political friends
around him thought differently, he would with-
draw it.
The motion having beenwithdrawn—
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which th#bill had been rejected. He said that he
made this motion in good faith, and if it was car-
ried, he should follow it up by another to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill had been ordered
to be engrossed, in order that it might be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
put into'such a shape as would meet the views of
a majority of the House,
Mr. PETTIT moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
and being taken, resulted: Yeas 20, nays 151.
So the House refused to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. VINTON, said the bill upon which the
House had just voted, with the exception of a
very few items, viz: those providing for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for a custom-house at Charles-
ton, and for the removal of obstructions in the
Savanah river; with these exceptions, he thought
this bill was composed of those appropriations
which had been recommended by the Executive
as necessary to carry on the Government.
Mr. FICKLIN said, in addition to the items
the gentleman had named, there were the appro-
priations for this city.
Mr. VINTON replied he had spoken of the ap-
propriations for the District, which of course inclu-
ded those for the city. He did not know why
this vote had been given, especially by gentlemen
on the other side of the House.
Mr. GENTRY desired to say to the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] who had intimated
that his (Mr. G.'s) side of the House had made
such a bill as that they were unwilling to take the
responsibility of voting for it, that the gentleman,
he presumed, misapprehended the motives of those
on his side of the House who had voted against it.
He (Mr. G.) had voted against it because he per-
ceived that the friends of the Administration on
the other side manifested a very strong disinclina-
tion for the Administration to have these appro-
priations,-^nd he thought it was not the duty of
gentlemen on his side of the House to force them
upon them.
Mr. COBB understood that the majority of this
House were with the gentleman from Tennessee,
and upon that majority rested the responsibility of
passing the necessary appropriations to carry on
the Government. He (Mr. C.) had voted against
the bill because of the objectionable features placed
in it by the gentleman from Tennessee and his
friends.
Mr. VINTON resumed the floor. He was go-
ing on to say, that, with the exception of the items
which he had enumerated, he believed everything
in this bill had been recommended by the Execu-
tive as necessary to carry on the Government. If
there were no objectionable items in the bill; if there
were none which gentlemen felt themselves com-
pelled to vote againstupon constitutional grounds,
why, then, the only excuse for gentlemen on the
other side of the House voting against thebill must
be, that they were satisfied that the Government did
not want the means—that the Government had
means enough to carry on its operations without
the bill. And if gentlemen on the other side of the
House thought they could get along without the
appropriations proposed, he did not know that they
on this side were bound to force them upon them.
The Government was in their hands, and if they
thought the recommendations of the Executive of
appropriations necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment should be rejected, he did not know any rea-
son why those who stood in opposition to the Ad-
ministration should not reject them also. If, on
the contrary, this bill was voted against upon the i
ground that there was an item in it for the improve-
ment of the Savannah river, which involved a con-
stitutional question, then in respect to that he had
to say that the recorded votes of this House—of
gentlemen on the other side of the House—showed
that there was a very large number of those who
had no constitutional scruples or difficulties. This,
then, would not account for their votes. Those
who had no constitutional scruples in legislating
for the improvement of harbors and rivers, could
not protect themselves against this vote under this
pretext. Now, that being the position of things,
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] proposed
to recommit this bill—if, indeed, it would be in the
power of the House or the committee to amend
it, in case it was recommitted. The gentleman
proposed to recommit it for the purpose of enabling
the Committee of Ways and Means to get rid of
this item. He would only say that the Committee
of Ways and Means had originally put that item
into the bill; whether it was right or wrong, he did
not now propose to discuss. That which had been
done, had been the subject of more than one vote
of this House; the action of that committee had
been affirmed by the action of this House more
than once; and if the bill should be recommitted
without instructions to strike out this item, under
these circumstances, as one member of that com-
mittee, (for he spoke for no one else,) he was not
disposed to strike it out. He only regretted that
the motion of his friend from Kentucky, to put
into the bill the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, had
not prevailed.
Mr. McCLELLAND remarked, that the gentle-
man had spoken of this provision for the Savannah
river having been voted on several times, and of!
the Committee of-Ways and Means being sustained !
by the House. Now, he wished to ask this ques- i
tion: In Committee of the Whole, had not the !
Whigs voted against the appropriation contained j
in this item, and then recorded their votes for it in i
the House? i
Mr. VINTON. I don't know how it was. '
Mr. McCLELLAND. Can the gentleman ac- I
count for it? • ;
Mr. VINTON had no recollcction about it; he
did not know; it might be that what the gentleman
inquired about was correct, or that it was incor-
rect. But when acting here in this House, they
did not take notice of what was done in committee:
the record showed what the House did when called
upon solemnly to record their votes upon the yeas
and nays,
He had only risen for the purpose of saying,
that unless the committee were instructed from the
House to strike that item out of the bill, as one
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
(and he spoke for no one else, because he had had
no consultation about it,) under the circumstances
of the case, he should not feel himself authorized
to attempt to do it, if it was m the power of the
committee.
Mr. McKAY said, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, in the remarks he had
submitted to the House, had stated some very ex-
traordinary propositions. The gentleman had'been
placed at the head of the committee whose duty it
was, by the rules of the House, to report all bills
necessary to make requisite appropriations for the
support of the Government. _ During this session,
the bill which was now under consideration—and
the object of which was to make appropriations
for the whole civil list, including not only the items
necessary -for the Executive, the administration o£
the Government, upon which the gentleman laid
so much stress,-but for the other branches of the
Government—the judiciary, marshals, attorneys,
jurors, and even for their own pay as members,
and of the clerks, pages, and attendants upon the
two Houses of Congress—had been reported to
the House; and yet the gentleman had risen in his
place, and with great gravity announced to the
House and the country, that if they on this side
were perfectly satisfied that the Executive had
now at his disposal unexpended balances sufficient
to carry on the Government, why, forsooth, he
would be content that this bill should be lost. The
gentleman, standing here in this House as the pep-
per organ of the majority—a majority which were
' responsible for carrying all these bills providing
; for the support of the Government—rose here and
made this annunciation to the country 1 Why, did
not the gentleman tell the House a few days ago,
and did he*iot make it the basis of an appeal to
the House to remain in session and act upon this
bill and pass it, that the necessary appropriations
for the support of the Government were some of
them exhausted; that he had received letters from
marshals scattered all over the country, complain-
ing that the appropriations for judicial expenses
were exhausted, and calling upon Congress imme-
diately to pass a bill, in order that the courts of the
country could continue to be holden? And he
now told those who were in the minority, perfectly
powerless, if they believed that theie were appro-
priations already sufficient, he and gentlemen who
acted with him were content that the bill should
be lost, although they were responsible for the
passage of all the necessaryappropriations to carry
on the Government!
Now, he would tell gentlemen what they on his
side of the House were willing to do. It was well
known to all the old members here—he appealed -
to them all, he appealed to the distinguished gen-
tleman himself who was at the head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whether, in the course
of the twenty years and over in which the gentle-
man had been a men^ber of this House, he had
ever seen a single civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill in which an item bke the present, for the
improvement of the Savannah river—which formed
the only obstacle to the passage of this bill—had
been included? He asked the gentleman if there
was any precedent that would at all justify it? Du-
ring the seventeen years in which he (Mr. McK.)
had been a member of the House, he had never
known such an instance. This item, as a friend
on his left suggested, had been placed in the bill in
violation of the positive rule of the House. The
rules expressly provided that there should be dif-
ferent bills; they did not, like the British Parlia-
ment, in one single act make appropriations for all
the different departments of the Government. The
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill provided for
all the objects of civil expenditure; the army bill
for the military expenditures, and so on of the
Indian bill, the navy bill, the pension bill, the forti-
fication bill, and the West Point Academy bill*,
they were all intended to provide for their peculiar
departments of the Government. There were here
the most minute subdivisions; and this was a
familiar fact not only to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but to every gentle-
man in this House. They had their harbor and
river improvement bills also; and if it was the
purpose of the majority to pass during the present
session a bill making appropriations for objects of
internal improvement, why had the Savannah river
alone been selected and placed in this bill with the
civil and diplomatic appropriations of this Govern-
ment ? Had it been recommended ?
The gentleman had told them that every-single
item m this bill except the appropriation for the
District of Columbia, for the custom-house at
Charleston $100,000, and $50,000 for the Savan-
nah river, was upon the recommendation of the
Executive Department. They interposed no ob-
jection. However exceptionable many of them
considered a great many of the sections in this
bill, yet they were all disposed to give up their
objections and vote for the bill, if they would
leave out these appropriations which had been
put in out of place. Was there any precedent
at all for involving a grave constitutional ques-
tion, upon which the two parties of the coun-
try were divided, for pressing into this bill—for
which all were disposed to vote—items which
