1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
the considerations which had led to its introduction
into the bill.
Mr. TURNER inquired of thegentleman further,
why the Mississippi and Ohio rivers had not been
put in likewise, for they stood precisely in the same
position as the Savannah river ? Works had been
commenced and not completed in these rivers.
Mr. HUDSON said that this case seemed to him
peculiar. Here were obstructions placed in the
Savannah river by the Government itself ; in the
other cases, the obstructions were placcd there by
Nature. He would relieve gentlemen's anxiety at
once; they could come forward and vote for this
bill with perfect propriety, for the Baltimore reso-
lutions, only bound them against a general system
of internal improvements. Now, this was not one
of the system. [Laughter.]
Mr. TURNER again rose, but
Mr. HUDSON declined further to yield, and
said he would answer the gentleman's question.
Gentlemen need not trouble themselves with scru-
ples about this appropriation; it was not in conflict
with the Baltimore resolutions. They alluded to
a general system of internal improvements. Now
here was one solitary item which could not by any
possible construction be considered a system or a
part of a system. He submitted, therefore, to his
Democratic abstractionist friend#, whether this dis-
tinction was not satisfactory ? This work stood by
itself, having no analogy to any other improve-
ment, and could not be considered to belong to a
system of internal improvements.
Mr. MEADE wished to know whether the gen-
tleman and his party had heard that the President
would veto a bill with this clause after they had
voted in committee to strike it out?
Mr. HUDSON would answer the gentleman
very cheerfully, and perhaps he could not better
dcut than by relating an anecdote which had fallen
uncter his own observation: A man who was a lit-
tle intoxicated—he did not intend to apply that
remark to his friend from "Virginia [a laugh]—was
asked by another man if he could answer a certain
question. He told him to propose his question
and he \frould see. The question was propounded.
The leply was, "I can answer that. It is very
easily answered and very foolishly asked.'' Now,
whether he had heard that remark one minute be-
fore or one minute after the vote in committee, was
of no consequence whatever. If that threat was
made to this House, he condemned it, when or by
■whom it was brought.
Mr. MEADE understood the gentleman to in-
sinuate that his question was very foolishly asked,
[a laugh;] that it had no application to the case.
Mr. HUDSON said he had made no insinua-
tion. He had simply lelated an anecdote. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. MEADE would only reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that the question was
very pertinpnf; for if the gentleman and his party
had learned that the President would veto the bill
with this item, after the vote had been taken in
committee, it explained very readily the difference
between the votes of gentlemen on that side of the
House in committee and in the House.
Mr. VINTON desired to know from the gentle-
man from Virginia if the President of the United
States had given out in advance that he would veto
a bill now pending before this body ?
Mr. MEADE replied that he could not answer
the gentleman, for he did not know.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) It will be an-
swered.
Mr. MEADE. So I see that gentlemen on the
other side of the House can ask very foolish and
impertinent questions.
Mr. HUDSON could only say it was since the
last vote was taken that the information had been
conveyed to him. Of course it hcid had no influ-
ence on him, because he had not voted since. It
would not have had, if he had heard it before the
vote, and he did not conceive that it could have
had any influence on the members of this House
generally. He should not deviate one-eighth of a
hair from all the threats of Executive power which
rmoht be made. This influence, in fact, was not
to be felt on this side of the House, but on the other
side, and it was to save the President, he appre-
hended, from the dilemma of vetoing an appropri-
ation bill, that his friends had rallied around him
with so much earnestness this morning.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, understood that a
number of years ago an appropriation had been
made by this Government to construct a dam at
the head of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river;
that that dam was partly constructed, and left in
that condition, and that it had now been partially
washed away, thus obstructing to some extent the
navigation of that river. He asked the gentleman
to draw the distinction between the obstruction in
Ihe Savannah and the Ohio, and to account how it
was that this bill had incorporated into it an appro-
priation for the Savannah and not for the Ohio?
Mr. VINTON inquired if the gentleman did not
vote against that very appropriation ?
Mr. CLARKE replied that he did, and always
should. That did not answer his question.
Mr. HUDSON had two answers: the case of
the Ohio river was not parallel to that of the Sa-
vannah, because the works had not been put in
the former as obstructions. Again, in the one
place, Congress had the power, and in the other
they would run directly against the Baltimore res-
olutions, because the improvement of the Ohio
river was part of the system.
Mr. CLARKE asked if the gentleman was gov-
erned by .the Baltimore resolutions?
Mr. HUDSON replied in the negative, but that
they seemed to operate very powerfully upon the
other side of the House, and that they had no
reason to complain at being required to stand by
them.
Mr. CLARKE again requested the gentleman to
state the difference between the appropriation for
the Savannah and the Ohio rivers*
Mr. HUDSON had already answered. The
obstructions in the Savannah were placed there as
obstructions, whereas the works in the Ohio river
were designed to facilitate navigation.
Mr. CLARKE. They are nosv obstructions.
Mr. HUDSON said that was because the gen-
tleman's President had vetoed a bill which, if it
had become a law, would have raised the dam,
which the gentleman now considered an obstruc-
tion, up to the contemplated height, and thereby
would have facilitated instead ofinjured commerce.
Mr. BAYLY said, it was not often that he dif-
fered with his friend from'North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay;] but he differed with him at this time in
some of the statements he had made. The gentle-
man has said that the appropriation for removing
obstructions from the Savannah river was out of
place in the civil and diplomatic bill, and that it
had been placed there against all precedent. He
agreed with him entirely in the first part of the
statement. The title of the bill indicates its object.
It is to provide for the civil list—to make appro-
priations to pay your foreign ministers, your
judges, marshals, jurors, and other civil officers,
which it would be tedious to enumerate. Surely
an appropriation for a harbor improvement has no
legitimate place in such a bill. Such an appro-
priation belongs to the river and harbor bill, in
which it even now is placed, and in which it has
always been placed before. In form, the gentle-
man is right as to the second part of his statement.
He believed that the records of the Government
would be searched in vain fo/ a similar appropria-
tion in the civil and diplomatic bill. But, in spirit,
the gentleman is wrong. This form of legislation
has always been adopted whenever the Whigs
were in a majority in Congress, and differed from
the Executive. So far from what they are now
doing being unusual, it is in strict keeping with
their consent policy under similar circumstances.
It is m perfect accordance with their policy in
1842. It will be recollected, at that time they re-
pealed the law providing for the Collection and
safe-keeping of the revenue before they passed any
other—as was believed at the time, and as the cir-
cumstances justified the country in believing, for
the purpose of coercing Mr. Tyler to sign a bank
bill, which was the only substitute they meant to
offer for the bill they had precipitately repealed.
The natural and usual order of things is, to repeal
the existing law by the statute substituting another.
But, in this case, they repealed the existing law
first, without at the same time substituting another,
with the view of forcing the Executive either to
sign the bank bill, which was the only substitute
they would offer, and thus perjure himself, or leave
the finances, in the wards of their leader, m il a
lawless condition." And, in the bill raising rev-
enue to keep the wheels of Government in motion,
they inserted a clausc out of place, and having no
proper connection with the bill, to repeal the pro-
vision in the distribution law providing for its sus-
pension whenever the rate of duties under the tariff
should exceed twenty per cent. That provision
was inserted in'' the act by Whig votes—without
them, it could not have been inserted. It was-
known that Mr. Tyler was thoroughly committed
to that provision, and against its repeal,-as Mr.
Polk is now against appropriations for internal
improvement, and that he would veto any bill pro-
viding for it. And yet these same Whigs inserted
a provision in the bill providing for raising revenue
to carry on the Government, repealing the restric-
tion in the distribution law, with the view, as he
believed, of placing Mr. Tyler in the situation in
which he must stand by and see the wheels of
Government stopped, or perjure himself by sign-
ing a bill which he highly disapproved. In either
event, they expected to bring him into disrepute
with the country; and, by forcing him to a con-
stant, almost daily resort to the veto, to bring that
great popular and conservative feature of the Con-
stitution, which had saved it so often from viola-
tion, into disrepute also.
Mr. GENTRY asked the gentleman from Vir-
ginia if he intended to convey the idea that Mr.
Tyler held distribution to be unconstitutional?
Mr, BAYLY said he had asserted no such thing-.
Mr. GENTRY thought the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was wrong as to an historical fact; for cer-
tainly there was no man more deeply committed to
the policy of distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands than Mr. Tyler. If he had any con-
stitutional difficulties, they arose very suddenly,
and but a short time before his veto.
Mr. BAYLY said it so happened that he could
speak with some confidence of the position of Mr.
Tyler on the distribution question. In the winter
of 1839, he had the honor of serving in the Legis-
lature of Virginia with Mr. Tyler; and during that
session a proposition was offered in favor of dis-
tributing the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, which it fell to his lot to oppose, and Mr.
Tyler's to defend. He (Mr. B.) maintained, on
the occasion referred to, that the customs, as reg-
ulated by the compromise bill, would not be suffi-
cient, without the proceeds of the lands, for the
wants of the Government; and thatif those proceeds
were distributed, a disturbance of the compromise
would become inevitable. Mr. Tyler, on the other
side, contended that the revenue arising from the
customs would be sufficient, without the land fund,
for the wants of the Government, economically
administered: and he insisted the question was,
whether that fund should be distributed among the
States, or remain, at best, idle in the treasury, or
more probably become a fund for corruption.
Mr. B. was confident "that the compromise bill
would not yield a surplus, even in conjunction
with the proceeds from the public lands, much less
without them; and he was equally confident that
the people of Virginia would never consent to dis-
tribution unless it did; and with the view'of ren-
dering the resolutions a nullity, he moved that the
tariff compromise should be held " sacred and in-
violable." Mr. Tyler not only assented to this
proposition, but voted for it; and with him a large
majority of the Whig members, among whom
were many who afterwards not only justified and
defended^the perfidious abandonment of that com-
promise, and supported the odious tariff of 1842,
but denounced Mr. Tyler, who would not show
equal pliancy, and surrender at the bidding of a
party his well-considered opinions and his pledges
to the country.
Mr. Tyler was not committed upon this subject
in this mode alone. The party which elevated
him to power in 1840 declared themselves every-
where to be opposed to disturbing the tariff com-
promise, and to the charter of a national bank. By
these professions they gained the confidence of the
people. But they were no sooner installed into
' oilice, than, in despite of their professions, they
j passed a high protective tariff, and attempted to
i fasten upon the country a national bank; and de-
, nounced Mr. Tyler because he would not become
as false to his pledges as they had become them-
i' selves, and exhibited a rage which was as jrra-
: tional as their expectation that he should betray
his pledges was unprincipled. Finding that the
power they had obtained by holding out profes-
sions to the people which they meant to violate
had availed them nothing, in 1844 they came out
svith a fair declaration of their principles, and, with
all the high qualities and popularity of their leader,
they were defeated, and now, despairing of gairt-
