958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
in£ the confidence of the people if they make a fair
disclosure of their principles, they are attempting
to enact over again the scenes of 1840.
Mr. B. said he would return from this digres-
sion into which the interruption of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] had led him, to the
point he was discussing at the time it was made.
Mr. VINTON requested that a section of th«
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill for 1835
should be read; and it was read by the Clerk ac-
cordingly.
Mr. BAYLY said he did not see that the pro-
vision which had been read affected the question
at all. That was a provision to satisfy a demand
which was created by existing law; but he should
come to that question hereafter. He was now
attempting to show that the effort to attach such
items to such a bill was not without precedent,
but that it was in perfect keeping with the factious
policy heretofore pursued by the Whig party.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. BAYLY,
Mr. CLINGMAN, and Mr. GENTRY, on the
subject of Mr. Tyler's vetoes.
Mr. GENTRY said tha't Mr. Bayly had not
yet answered his question. The gentleman from
Virginia had said that Mr. Tyler was placed in a
position in which he was compelled either to veto
the bills which were sent to him, or perjure him-
self. Now, if he did not believe distribution un-
constitutional, how would he perjure himself by
signing a bill providing for it?
Mr. BAYLY said he would answer the gentle-
man with great pleasure; and although it would
divert him from the line of his argument, yet the
point involved in the' interrogatory was an import-
ant one, and he thanked the gentleman for giving
him an opportunity to answer it.
In the first place, the House would recollect,
that jn speaking of the alternative which was pre-
sented to Mr. Tyler, of vetoing several bills or of
violatinghis pledges to the people andhis own oath,
he had referred to the bank bill, and others besides
the .one concerning the distribution of the land
fund. But he waived that. He took the gentle-
man at his word; and he asserted that if Mr. Tyler,
with his well-considered and deliberately-formed
opinion of the impolicy of distribution, under the
circumstances in which it was attempted, had
signed the bill providing for it, he would have per-
jured himself. Sir, the Constitution is not as gen-
tlemen read it. Mr. Tyler construed it, in respect
to the veto, in the spirit in which it was made, and
in which Washington administered it; and not in
the spirit which partisans of the present day would
construe it. Yes, sir, in the spirit in which Wash-
ington administered it; with whom men of yes-
terday are impiously compared, for mere party
effect.
The oath which is prescribed by the Constitu-
tion for the President is in these words:
"I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully exccute the
office of President of the United States, and will, to the best
ot my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United States."
This is the oath he takes in entering upon tfte
discharge of the duties of his office. It is not only
"that he will preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States," but£< that lie
will faithfully cxecutc the office of President of the
United States.,s What, sir, are the most import-
ant duties of that office' They are thus defined
by the Constitution itself:
" He [the Pi esiderit] shall, from time to time, give to Con-
giesa imoimation of the state of the Union, and recommend
to their consideration s«uch measures as he shall judge neces-
sary and expedient."
Again:
tl Every hill which shall have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate shall, before it become a law, be
presented to the President of the United States. Ij he ap-
jiroref Ues/uilL sign it; but it not, he sha'l return it, with his
objections, to that Hou^e m which it shall have originated,
who shall enter the objections at huge on their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsjdeiation, two-
thnds of that House shall agiee to pass the hill, it shall be
sent, together with the objections, to the other House, by
which it "hall hkewi-e be leconsidered; and if approved by
two-thuds of tiiat.House, it shall become a Jaw,
«E\eiy older, iet-olution, or vote, to which the concur-
rence of'the Senate and Hou^e of Kep>esentahves maybe
necessary, (except on a question of adjournment,) shall he
presented to the President of the United States, and befoie
the same shall take effect, sha'l be approved by him, or. if
disapproved by him, shall be repassed bj two-thirds of the
Senate and Hou>e of Representatives, accoulmg to the rules
and limitations prescnbed in the case of a lull."
This is the language of the Constitution. The
President, in advance of legislation, is commanded,
for the language is imperative—to {i recommend
to the consideration of* Congress,'* not once for
all, but constantly, ^ from time to time," such
measures as he shall judge not only necessary, but
such eVen as he shall regard as expedient; and
after Congress has acted, the Constitution declares
not only that such solemn acts as bills, but even
" every order, resolution, oruote," (except on ques-
tions of adjournment,) shall be presented to the
President; and "if he approve, he shall sign it;
but if he disapprove, he shall return it, with his
objections, to that House in which it shall have
originated." In what sense is he to approve it? If
there was doubt about this, the language of the
Constitution itself in the same clause, in another
connection, would relieve it. He i| to approve it
in the'same sense in which a member of either
House signifies his approval in voting for a bill,
order, or resolution. The section under consid-
eration declares that when either is returned by
the President, it shall be reconsidered; and if
approved" by the two-thirds of both Houses, it
shall become a law, the President's ^objections to
the contrary notwithstanding. The language of
the oath is equally explicit; and if the President
signs a bill which he regards as highly inexpe-
dient, he perjures himself just as certainly as if he
signed one which he considered unconstitutional.
And the mischief done in the first case is much
greater, and the crime he would commit as heinous
as in the second. In the last case, the judiciary
might annul the law, and thus afford relief; in the
first, the only recourse would be a repeal, which
might not be effected—and in most cases would
not be effected—until all the mischief had been
done.
The very formula which has been always used
by the Presidents, in affixing their signatures to
laws, is in accordance with this construction. The
word used is "approved." And the very message
in which the President announces, through his sec-
retary, that he has signed a bill, is in accordance
with it also. The language of that message uni-
formly is: "The President has approved and signed
a bill," &c. How can he send such a message as
that, or make such an appendage to his signature
as is always used, if he has signed without ap-
proving? Mr. B. did not mean to maintain, in a
case where the reasons were fairly balanced for
and against a measure, the President, in a case of
expediency, should exert his veto merely because
his mind inclined against it. But in a case where
his mind is free from a rational doubt, he is as
much bound to interpose to prevent the passage of
a highly inexpedient as an unconstitutional law.
And, Mr. Speaker, the reason for these provis-
ions of the Constitution is as obvious as the lan-
guage is plain. The design of the Constitution,
in all of its provisions, is to protect the people
against the Government—to protect the governed
from aggression on the part of their agents; and
every safeguard is therefore interposed against mis-
representation. The President of the United States
represents the whole people much more nearly than
Congress. It might very well happen that the two
Houses of Congress—and, under the system of
gerrymandering for this House, and the inequality
of the size of the States represented in the other,
' it often does happen—that a majority of Congress
i will represent a minority of the people. But it is
almost impossible that the President shall. And
hence, before any bill can become a law, it is required
that he shall approve it. And suppose he should
not: what mischief is done? He Hiereby imposes
no measure upon the people. All he does is to
arrest action—to leave things as they were—as the
people had placed them. The veto enacts nothing,
it does nothing affirmative. It only arrests action.
The only power it confers upon the President, who
so nearly represents the whole people, is to grant
an appeal from the representatives of the people to
the people themselves—an appeal which must, at
furthest, be tried m a very short time. The term
of the Presidency is but four years; and few laws
are ever passed which invoke the Executive nega-
tive early in his term. And until the appeal is
tried, things only remain as they were; and he
was not prepared to admit that our condition and
laws at any time are so defective that much mis-
chief would be done in leaving them unchanged.
In practice, there was no danger that the Presi-
dent would capriciously and tyrannically exert the
veto power. He had no inducements to do it. It
was not a pleasant thing for the President to bring
himself into collision with the two Houses of Con-
gress; and experience had shown, that he would
not da it except in cases where the popular will
had been clearly violated. This is shown by the
fact that there was no instance in which a veto has
not been sustained by the people. This is the view
which Mr. Tyler took of the Constitution; and Mr.
B. begged leave to add, the view which the early
Presidents took of it; and among them, the Father
of his Country. Washington, early in,his admin-
istration, resorted to the veto. Before he disap-
proved and prevented the passage of the apportion-
ment bill, he took the opinion of his cabinet,
composed of the ablest men of that day. Mr. Jef-
ferson, in his opinion, said:
"Viewing the bill either a^ a violation of the Constitution,
or as giving an inconvenient exposition to its v.ords, is it a
case wherein the President ought to interpose his negative ?
I think it is. The non-user of his negative power begins
already to excite a belief that no President will ever venture to
use it; and consequently has begotten, a desire to raise up har-
riers in the State Legislatures against Congress, throwing off
the control of the Constitution.,>
This was in reference to the first bill which
Washington vetoed. The second was a bill for
reducing the army. The reasons which he as-
signed were purely reasons of expediency. They
were, that it would be inconvenient to throw out
of service, at thtt time, two companies of light
dragoons. This bill had been passed by a large
majority; and it is a singular circumstance, it
was presented to him for his approval on his birth-
day, and after his veto it came near commanding
a vote of two-thirds.*
Now, Mr. B. would say, if there was a conceiv-
* The following are the proceedings referred to by Mr.
Bayly:
From the reprinted Journal of the Home of Representatives
oj the United States, 2d volumey page1726 and 728.
House or Representatives, February 28, 17^£.
A message was received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Craik, his secretary, who, by command of
the President, returned to the House the bill passed by the
two Houses, entitled "An act to alter and amend an act en-
titled 'An act to ascertain aud fix the military establishment
of the United States,'" and presented to the President, for
his approbation, on Wednesday, the 22d day of tin-* month ;
to which bill the President having made objections-, the same
were also delivered in by the said secretary, who then with-
drew.
The said objections were read, and ordered to be entered
at large on the Journal, as follow :
" United States, February 28, 1797.
" Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:
<• Having maturely considered the btil to alter and ameitd
an act entitled uAn act to ascertain and fix the military es-
tablishment of the United States," which was presented to
me on the 22d day of this month, I now return it to the
Hou«e of Representatives, in winch it originated, with my
objections.
"First. If the bill passes into a law, the two companies of
light dragoons will he, from that moment, legally out of ser-
vice, though they will afterwards continue actuallym service;
and for their services during this interval—namely, from the
tmip of legal to the time of actual discharge—it will not be
lawful to pay them, unless «ome future provision be im:de
bv law. Though they may be discharged .it the pleasure of
Congress, in justice they ought to rt-ceive their pay, not only
to the time of parsing the law, but, at least, to the time of
their actual discharge.
" Secondly. It will be inconvenient and injurious to the
public to dismiss the light dragoons as soon a  notice of the
law can be convened to them, one of the companies having
been lately de<tmed to a neee>sary and important service.
'• Thirdly. The companies of light dragoons consist of one
hundred and twentj-six non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates. who are bound to seive a-> demounted dragoons when
ordered so to do. They have received, in bounties, about
two thousand dollars; one of them is completely equipped,
and above half of the non-commss^ioned ofheers and privates
have yet to serve more than one-thnd of the tune ot their
enlistment; and, besides, there will, in the course of the
year, be a considerable deficiency m the complement of
infantry intended to be oontinmd. Under these circum-
stance^, to discharge the dragoons does not seeui to comport
with economy.
Fourthly. It is generally agreed that some crivalrv .either
nnlitia or regular, will be necessary; and. accrvd'itg to the
be>t information I have been able to obtain, it is my opinion
that the latter will be less expensive and more useful tium
the former in pre emujz peace between the frontier s.et?!eis
and the Indians; and, therefore, a part of the military estab-
lishment should consist of cavatrv.
*"G. WASHINGTON**"
Hocse or Representatives, Wednesday, March 1, 1797.
The Hou-~e, according to the oid>jr of the da}', pioc^^ded
to reconsider the bill passed by the two Houses ot Congress,
entitled 4£ An aet to alter and ann-nd an act entitled £Au act
to ascertain and fix the miht uy establishment of the United
Stares." "which wa  presented fot approbation on Wednes-
day, the twentj-second of Februan, and returned Uy the
President yesterday, with objections*.
The said bill wa> read at tne Clerk's tabic, and is as- fol-
low eth, &c., &.c.
The President's objections were al>o read ; and, after de-
bate on the subject-matter of the said bill, the question,
<kThat the Hou&e, on reconsideration, do agree Jo pass the
bill ?" was determined in the mode prescribed by the Con -
eutution of the United State-s—yeas 55, nays 36.
