1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
able case where a President ought not to withhold
his signature from a bill which he disapproved, it
was a bill providing for the reduction of the army.
The power to declare war and to raise and support
armies is vested in Congress. The army is an arm
of the war power; and that being.in Congress, the
President, ought greatly to defer to their will in
every matter connected with it. And considering
that he is the commander-in-chief, he ought to be
very circumspect m interposing to prevent the re-
duction of a force of which he is the head. Yet,
in such a case as that, even Washington exercised
the veto upon grounds of mere expediency. With
what propriety, then, can those who propose to
surrender the veto power, and abdicate, in advance,
th£ most important and responsible duties of the
Presidency as a means of reaching it, claim to fol-
low in the footsteps of him who was " first m war,
first in peace, and first in the hearts of his coun-
trymen Sir, it is impious to compare any man
of this day with him who has no parallel m any
man of any day.
Mr. B. did not regret that the opportunity had
been afforded him, as unexpected as it was, to ex-
press his views upon this question, notwithstand-
ing he had not been able to present them fully, or
to do them justice. This salutary, popular, con-
servative feature of the Constitution is in great
danger. There is an effort now made to strike it
virtually from the Constitution. It is not made in
ihe only legitimate way, by a proposition to amend
the Constitution, but by the election of a President
pledged in advance to abandon its exercise. In
this form it is more dangerous, because it is the
only one in Which it can possibly succeed. It has
been tried in the other, the proper and ingenuous
mode, but it signally failed. Shortly after the
Whig party had been baffled in all their cherished
schemes, and the will of tne people protected from
outage by the use'of this veto power in the hands
of a firm man, Mr. Clay proposed a modification
of it. But with all his influence with his party,
not a single State responded favorably, and he who
had proposed it, was rejected by the people. And
now the same party are attempting to effect, by in-
direction, what they so signally failed to effect in a
legitimate mode. It will be for the people to say
whether they shall succeed.
He would now return fiom this digression to the
point ho was arguing when he was interrupted. He
was attempting to show that this appropriation for
clearing out the Savannah river was inserted in
the bill for the purpose of provoking a veto, and
that it was in perfect keeping with similar efforts
resorted to by the Whig party when they were in
a majority in this House in 1842.
The first reason for this opinion had already
been assigned. The appropriation does not belong
in this bill. Its proper place is in the harbor bill
—where, indeed, it already is; and there it ought
to remain, and fare the same fate of all similar ap-
propriations. The House has expressed its opin-
ion upon this point. A bill fromalie Senate is now
on your calendar, providing for this improvement.
When it came from the Senate, what was done
with it? Was it committed to the Committee of
Way and Means, to which belongs the civil and
diplomatic bill? No, sir; but it was referred to
the Committee on Commerce by a vote of this
House; and it was thus decided by this body that
its properplace wasthe river and harbor bill, which
that committee has in charge. Again: In the Com-
mittee of the Whole it was rejected by a large ma-
jority. Why, then, was it voted jn by a party
vote in the House ? The remarks of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] explains the
reason. In the mean time, it had become generally
rumored about, that if it remained in the bill, the
President would veto it. Here was to opportunity
for a party movement, not to be lost. Thousands
of persons aie interested m the passage of this bill,
in every part of the country—indeed, every person
connected with the civil departments of the Gov-
ernment; and it was thought if a veto could be
pi o voked, a great clamor would be the conse-
quence.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hud-
son] bad asked Mr. B.'s colleague [Mr. Meade]
if the President had given any intimation that he
would veto this bill if it contained the appropria-
tion for the Savannah river. It was such a ques-
tion as it was impossible to give a general negative
to. But this he would say, that although he was
quite sure the President had given no private inti-
mation of his intentions, with the view of influen-
cing the vote of members of Congress, yet, in his
public acts, in his veto messages, he had given the
most positive and unequivocal intimations that
such an appropriation as this could never meet his
approval.
But the gentleman from, Masi&ehusetts [Mr.
Hudson.] argues that this appropriation does not
stand on the same footing as ordinary appropria-
tions for purposes of internal improvement, inas-
much as the obstructions in the Savannah river
were placed thereby the Government in the revo-
lutionary war. The gentleman is mistaken. They
were not placed there by the order of the Govern-
ment; on the contrary, they were placed there
(if he was not misinformed).by the authorities of
Savannah, for the" protection of that town. But
this is immaterial. At any rate, they were placed
there before the Constitution of the United States
was adopted; and our powers are derived from that
instrument, and not from extraneous circumstances
existing before it was formed.
So far from this improvement having stronger
claims upon us than any other, the reverse is the
case. The State of Georgia has applied long ago
"to this Government for permission to levy tonnage
duties to remove these very obstructions. The per-
mission has been granted. He was informed that
the duties had been levied and collected. They
must have'come out of all person s'trading up that
ri^er; among whom would ^comprised many citi-,
zens of other States. Under these circumstances,
with what propriety could Georgia come here and
ask an appropriation to effect t'he same object out
of the public treasury ? Shte had resorted to the
ti-ue constitutional course, and let her adhere to it.
He then commented on the remarks of the chair-
man of the committee of Ways and Means, and
expressed his astonishment that a gentleman of
his age and experience should come here and say
he presumed the President had already money
enough to carry on the Government, and therefore
that his friends in this House withheld their votes
from this bill. Why, so fdras mere funds go, the
Government would have more without this bill
than with it; for it does not propose to put money
into the treasury, but to take it out. But the cred-
itors of the Government had a right to these funds.
They could not, however, be paid, until this bill
was passed, for not a dollar could be paid without
an appropriation by law; and that appropriation,
to which there was no objection on this side of the
House, gentlemen opposite were determined should
not be made unless appropriations were included
which would inevitably bring down the Executive
veto.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a question
of privilege. The gentleman from Virginia had
no right to refer to the opinion of the President of
the United States to influence the action of mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. BAYLY said the gentleman from Mary-
land should have raised his question of privilege
at an earlier period; for no reference had been made
to Executive opinions on this side of the House,
until they had b'een alluded to by gentlemen on the
other side.
Mr. EVANS denied that the first allusion to the
Executive opinions had come from his side of the
House.
Mr. BAYLY said he believed the first gentleman
who made such allusion was the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson.]
Mr. EVANS said the gentleman from Virginia
was entirely mistaken. In the expectation that
such allusions would be made, he had sat with his
finger on the rules, which was well known to the
Speaker, and he was enabled to say that the first
reference to the Executive opinions came from the
other side of the House. It came from the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Clarke.] ||
Mr. GENTRY said it mattered not whence it i
came. -It was wrong.
Mr. EVANS said, in raising the question of
privilege, he did it not with any unfairness to the
gentleman from Virginia. He Could not bring him-
self to be guilty of doing so. But he had raised
the question because it was a clear violation of a
rule of the House, which was designed for the pro-
tection of freedom of debate.
Mr. BAYLY said, if gentlemen opposite were ter-
rified by such allusions, he promised that he would
not repeat them. According to the gentleman's
own admission, others had made these allusions
before he had; and yet, although the gentleman
had sat with his finger on the rates, in expectation
of such allusjons, he had not called them to" order.
No one would suspect him of such a want of tact
as to refer to the opinions of the President with
the view of influencing favorably the action of
members on that side of the HouSe. H6 knew the
temper of that side well enough to know that such
a reference would have produced theContrary effect.
No such reference was necessary, as far as this
side was concerned; for we have already voted
against the appropriation. Thfe change has been
on that side, not this.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Vinton] had made other
remarks at which he was equally surprised. Be-
sides voting for this proposition, he had also ex-
pressed his regret that appropriations had pot been
made for the improvement of the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers. It Would be recollected that, early ill .
this session, the gentlbman assorted that neither
himself nor thfe party to which he belonged, had
ever advocated incurring debt for the purpose of
internal improvements. All that they had ever
wished was, to appropriate any available surplus
Which might remain undisposed of in the treasury.
He would ask the gentleman if there was any
such surplus in the treasury now? If these Appro-
priations are made, must not debt be contracted
to meet them? He (Mr. B.) had undertaken to
controvert, by facts and arguments, the assertion
of the gentleman at the time it was made; but he
had not anticipated that the gentleman himself
would so soon have confirmed all he had then
Said.
He (Mr. B.') then proceeded to comment on the
vote of the Speaker yesterday morning, on the
discovery of an error in the record of the proceed-
ings of the preceding day. He knew the Speaker
had many privileges; but he should like to know
by what privilege the Speaker could vote a day
after any other member of this House? No mem-
ber of this House enjoyed a privilege of voting on
a succeeding day. Now, supposte he (Mr. B.)
had not been present on that day: could he come
in on the succeeding day and have his vote record-
fed ?- To put a still stronger case: Suppose he had
been in his seat, and had not voted; could he vote
the next day after the Journal was read ?
The SPEAKER explained that thecourse which
was pursued was justified by many precedents.
Mr. BAYLY said he did not charge tiie Speaker
with any intentional usurpation.
Mr. BURT explained, that since he had been a
member of this House, the same state of circum-
stances had occurred when the Speaker was a
member of the Democratic party, and the same
course was pursued. It was done by Mr. John
W. Davis, the last Speaker of this House.
Mr. BAYLY said he recollected no such in-
stance; but if there was, it did not alter his views.
He could not see why a Speaker should vote the
next day, any more than the other members of the
House. If the Speaker did not exercise his right
when the question was put, he should be presumed
to have waived it, and he could not exercise it
afterwards. He then continued at some length to
comment on the passage of the bill with the clause
which was so objectionable to many, and said he
could not but view it as an attempt to provoke an
Executive veto; and he appealed to gentlemen if
they were likely to gain anything in a paity point
of view which would at all compensate for the loss
of dignity and propriety of conduct which they
would inevitably incur.
Mr. STEPHENS said the gentlertian from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] and some other gentlemen com-
plained that this item for the removal of obstructions
in the Savannah river had been put in this bill pur-
posely to procure an Executive veto. Now, as
one who advocated this appropriation, not only at
this session, but at every session since he had been
a member of this House, he could say that he had
never heard such an intimation until this morn-
ing. He did not dream that any individual could
possibly expect the President would veto this ap-
propriation. He had always understood that his
Democratic colleague had uniformly voted for this
appropriation, except at this session, and that it was
supported because it stood on grounddifferentfrom
other appropriations for the improvement of har-
bors. He believed he was right in saying that his
Democrajic colleague had heretofore voted for it;
but he had voted against the bills containing the
