1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed his intention to
vote for the amendment.
Mr. HALE said, this was the only appropria-
tion out of which any good could possibly come.
To keep up -the ship-of-the-line Pennsylvania in
ordinary—ci ship which had never crossed the
ocean, which had done no good to •anybody—to
keep her sti!4 cost $225,000 per annum? about one-
third of the whole amount asked for these-steam-
ships. As this system has received the sanction
of Congress and of .the department, he hoped it
would l>e carried out.
Mr. N1LES explained his amendment, which
iie thought was not generally understood.
Mr. YULEE was .in favor of striking -outthe
provision making advances to the contractors, but
was against the abridgment ©f the term from ten
Co five years.
Mr. CLAYTON defended the appropriation for
Che steamcis.
Mr. BRADBURY spoke against the advances
of money.
Mr. DIX expressed his intention to sustain the
amendment.
Messrs. CLARKE, WESTCOTT, and DICK-
INSON, opposed the amendment.
The question was then taken, on the motion of
Mr. NILES, and decided as follows?
YEAf5—Messrs. Allen, B-tltlvvin, Borland, Bradbury, But-
!"r, Calhouu, Corwui, Davis of M.i>sachu<ett&, Dlx, Downs,
Fetch, Hamku, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Mot-
c ire, Nile*, Pt-arce, Phrlps, Sebastian, Tttrney, Undenvood,
Upham, Walker, and YuJec—Q5.
NAYd—Me&srs. Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Benton,
Berrien, Broese, Bright, Clarke, Clayton,Dnvton, Dickinson,
Douglas, Fitzgerald, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hannegan, Hous-
ton, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangura, Mason, Miller, Spru-
ancc, andYVestcott—24.
Mr. LEWIS moved a reconsideration^^ the
vole, and the bill was then informally passed qver.
Mr. CLAYTON stated yesterday that he should
to-day call up the bill for the organization of Ter-
ritorial Governments inOregon, New Mexico, -and
California, and the reason why he had not done
so was, that it was not printed as early as he had
expected, and hence Senators had not time to ex-
amine its details. It was now on their tables-,
however, and lie gave notice that he would call it
ap to-morrow at 12 o'clock, and press its consider-
ation from that time until finally disposed of.
Mr. HALE moved the consideration of the reso-
lution offered by him yesterday, calling on the
Secretary of the Navy for a report of the punish-
ments inflicted in United States vessels of war;
bm the motion was disagreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 21, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the question pend-
ing was on reconsidering the vote by which the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill was rejected,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Lost.
Mr. DARLING, by leave, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Wisconsin relative to a change
of the grant made in the act of August 6, 1846, of
all salt springs in said State, not exceeding twelve
in number, and relative to the military reserve at
Fort Winnebago. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, a resolution instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to use their efforts
for the prohibition of slavery in any new territory
already acquired, or hereafter to be acquired-, in
winch slavery does not now exist, except for crime,
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.
Laid on the table.
Mr. CABELL asked that by genera! consent
the bills from the Senate lying on the Speaker's
table be taken up and referred to appropriate com-
mittees. Objections being made—
APPROPRIATION FOR SAVANNAH RIVER.
The debate was resumed on the question of re-
considering the vote by which the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, commenced by stating
that the position in which the House was placed
on the bill under consideration was somewhat pe-
culiar. He supposed it was the first time in the
history of this country that the civil and diplomatic
bill, by which provision was made for the service
of the Government, had been defeated in this
House. Every one understood that this bill was
indispensable to the Government. Every one knew
that the bill must be passed; and he presumed it
would be passed. Its defeat yesterday was owing
to particular circumstances, which he would notice.
It was true, some gentlemen on that side of the
House did vote against the bill who were not op-
posed to it, and it was because they saw on the
otherside of the House a disposition to vote against
the bill, and throw whatever responsibility there
might be in its passage on Whig members. Gen-
tlemen on that side of the House, seeing this dispo-
sition manifested on the other side to vote against
a bill necessary to carry on the ordinary operations
of the Government, concluded, if they were not
willing to vote the supplies necessary for an Ad-
ministration of their own choice, they would allow
them to have their own way. They were willing
to sec whether gentlemen on the other side would
carry their opposition to necessary appropriations
so far as to stop the wheels of Government.
Many gentlemen on the other side of the House |
had beeninthehabitofvotingaeainstall appropna- ,
tion bills; and the course of those gentlemen re-
minded him of an old man of his own State who,
for fifteen or sixteen years, was a member of the
State Legislature. He was a man of no particular i
note, he had no shining qualities or eminent abili-
ties, and yet he was invincible. He was known
all over the State as a very shrewd and cunning #
"tracker," and had never been defeated. The ;
old man, when asked the secret of his success, had ,
replied, it was to be found in the fact that he never ,
voted for one cent of tax on the people, and he 1
never voted for an appropriation bill. He said he j
knew the tax bills and general appropriation bills I
had to pass, and that they would pass, and he j
voted against them without risk of injury to the j
Government. But when they were passed, he I
went on the stump and arraigned those who voted J
for them as men who profligately voted away the :
public money, and imposed burdens and taxes on J
the people. Now, it might be supposed that some j
gentlemen on this floor were actuated by the same j
motive, and endeavored to retain popularity by the j
same means. On looking at the yeas and nays 1
taken on the naval appropriation bill, he found |
forty-one votes recorded against it, of which thirty- j
four were Democratic votes. It was the ordinary |
appropriation bill, making the necessary appropu-
ations for the support of the department; and why,
therefore, were these Democratic votes recorded ■
against it? Why were members of that party de- 1
sirous to stop the operations of the Government? |
But as;ain: he found on the passage of the forti- 1
fication "bill, which contained no unusual appio- -
pnations,nothing which could excite constitutional !
alarm, that there were sixty-one votes recorded j
against it, and of these fifty-nine were Democratic j
votes, only two being Whigs. They saw the j
same side of the House puisumg the same course :
on the civil and diplomatic bill; and some of his ;
friends thought they would see how far their op- ||
position would carry them, and they therefore \\
voted with the other side, and the bill was de- [j
feated. Great complaint had been made because ||
some gentlemen voted in favor of striking out in i;
Committee of the Whole the appropriation for the , i
Savannah river, and afterwards voted against con- j;
earring m that amendment m the House. Those !
who made this objection knew it was not only 1
common, but strictly parliamentary, that gentle- .
men voted one way in Committee of the Whole,
and another way in the House. It was thus that .
paities were sometimes tested, as the gentleman
from Michigan must well know. It was only by
striking outof a bill in Committee of the Whole 1
any clause to which there might be objections that
the votes of members upon that clause could be
entered on the Journal. Those who favored the
appropriation complained of, had no desire to shrink
from any responsibility. They desired an oppor- ;
tunity of recording their names on the Journal on
the questions here involved; and yet it was charged 1
as extraordinary that they should adopt the only ,
course by which that object could be effected. The ,
House had been assured by the gentleman from .
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] that, if they would -
consent to recommit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and there strike
out the item of $50,000 for the improvement of the
Savannah river, every gentleman on his [Mr.
McKay's] side of the House would vote for the
bill. The controversy in regard to the bill was
then narrowed down to that point, and gentlemen
had taken the ground that this indispensable bill
should be defeated, and the operations of the Gov-
ernment suspended, rather than this small appro-
priation should he made.
Mr. SAWYER assured the gentleman from In-
diana that he would not vote for the bill unless &
great deal more was stricken out from that item.
Mr. SMITH was merely repeating what the
gentleman from North Carolina told them. That
gentleman said, if this item were stricken out they
would pass the bill, although it appropriated four
or five millions of dollars. The only objectionable
item, then, was that of $50,000, and they were
brought in conscquence to consider the question
whether this House should strike out that item, or
persist on the bill as it is. He would say one
word in relation to that appropriation. The Sa-
vannah river was the navigable communication
with Savannah, the commercial metropolis of the
State of Georgia, one of the most important cities
on the southern Atlantic scacoast. The naviga-
tion of that river was the means of much of the
prosperity of that portion of the State, and it was
proper that they should have needful facilities of
communication. For want thereof, much com-
mcrce had been diverted to other points, to the
great injury of the patriotic citizens of Georgia.
And what was the obstruction * Why, it was con-
ceded it was occasioned by sunken vessels, which
were sunk during the revolutionary war. For
what purpose? Why, for the great and patriotic
purpose of defending our common country. He
was surprised and pained yesterday to hear a gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. Iverson] assert that
this appropriation was to remove a mere local ob-
struction, which was placed there for the benefit
of the city of Savannah alone. He asked if there
was nobody else interested m that river being as-
cended by a British fleet during the revolutionary
war, with a British army? Nor was it the blood
of Georgia alone that flowed in defence of Savan-
nah. Many patriotic citizens from other States
hastened to their country's standard, and to the
defence, not of Georgia-or of Savannah alone, but
of the common country, which was assailed in the
Savannah river.
It was no local question. The whole country
was interested. These vessels were placed there
for the common good of the common country—for
the good of the "whole country. But when they
appealed for the removal of these obstructions, they
were met with the argument that they had no con-
stitutional power to remove obstructions which
were cie&ted under the Confederacy. Where,
permit him to ask, did gentlemen find constitu-
tional power to pay pensions to the oid, decrepit,
worn-out soldiers of the Revolution? Where did
they find authoritytogive pensions to theirwidows
and orphans? If Congress had no power under
the Constitution to discharge the obligations which
the country had incurred to States duiing the Rev-
olution, they had no power to discharge the obli-
gations due to the survivors of the patriotic soldiers
by whose services that revolution was made sue*
cessful. And yet those obligations had been recog-
nized and discharged in a thousand instances. And
he regarded this appropriation as one which, in an
eminent degree, deserves the favorable considera-
tion of this Government. The obstructions having;
been placed m that river in time of war for the
common welfare and defence of the country, the
Government was bound by every honorable obli-
gation to remove it. But the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] told them that it was an unpre-
cedented appropriation, and that they might seai ch
the records in vain for one solitary item of this
chaiacter m the civil and diplomatic appropiiation
bill. Now, he would call that gentleman's atten-
tion to the civil and diplomatic appropiiation bill
for the year 1839, which was passed by a Demo-
cratic Congress, at a time, too, when every de-
partment of this Government was in possession of
the Democratic party. t .
He read items of appropriation for Florida and
for the Connecticut river of this character. That
there might benomistakeonthissubject,hebegged
to give gentlemen the reference to these items.
