1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
of harbor improvements. He was called upon, in
presence of a gieat assemblage of the citizens of
that place, to contradict a calumny which had been
extensively circulated against him, that he was
opposed to the power of Congress over works of
internal improvement; but, most unfortunately,
" the noise and confusion which prevailed were so
great that he could not explain his sentiments."
[Laughter.] The gentleman from Illinois says that
General Cass is m favor of internal improvements.
And how does he know it? Why, because he
voted for bills for works of that kind. Has the
gentleman never seen the letter of General Cass to
the Baltimore Convention, in which he declares
that he cordially approves every sentiment and
principle contained in the platform of political doc-
trines which that Convention put forth to the
world, and promises that, if elected, he will do all
he can to carry them out? Every man on that
side of the House knows well that the Convention
is directly opposed to the power as exercised by
this Government; and they know that that Con-
vention endorsed Mr. Polk's veto of the Michigan
harbor bill, and the improvement of the Mississip-
pi and Ohio rivers; and m his letter General Cass
says he cordially approves all their sayings and
doings. After this, can the gentleman pretend that
General Cass is in favor of internal improvements
by the General Government?
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly. The very
resolution was adopted when Mr. Van Buren was
first nominated, and has been at every .National
Convention since. And yet Mr. Van Buren, as
well as General Jackson, always signed all our
harbor bills. So will General Cass.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Cass gave the Baltimore
platform his cordial assent and approbation; but
if he shall be elected, we shall then witness a rep-
etition of the scenes of the Kane letter. He is
now supported at the South as being utterly op-
posed to internal improvements, and at the same
time he is supported in the North as being pledged
in their favor. We are told he voted for such bills
in the Senate. Yes; but does not the gentleman
from Illinois yet know that the way in which
General Cass voted one day is no security as to
how he will vote on the self-same point another
day? How long was he avowedly in favor of the
Wilmot proviso? But is he for the proviso now?
How strongly was he once opposed to Texas an-
nexation: has the gentleman, have the Represent-
atives from Texas, forgotten those memorable
words of his in the Senate, "We don't want
Texas; if England does, in God's name let her
take it3" His whole history shows that he is a
perfect weathercock, turned by every changing
breeze. Yet we are now told that because General
Cass once voted for internal improvements he will
do so still. I advise the gentleman from Illinois
to examine a work of General Cass entitled the
Court and King of France 
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have read it. And
I would here ask the gentleman if he has read the
letter of General Taylor accepting the Philadelphia
nomination? If I mistake not, it is shorter than
that of Geneial Cass to the Chicago Convention.
Mr. SMITH. And then to contrast with the
language there used the opinions expressed of the
same Louis after he was no longer on the throne.
It presents an instructive chapter as to the muta-
bility of politicians, especially of those of the Dem-
ocratic school.
The gentleman wants to know the opinions of
General Taylor: those opinions are before the
country. 1 will read the gentleman one of them.
[Mr. S. here quoted the Allison letter, beginning
with the subject of the Executive veto.]
Does the gentleman from Illinois object to these
doctrines'1
Mr. WENTWORTH. General Taylor says
the will of the people ought to be carried out. And
1 say it ought to be. But will General Taylor do
it?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, and it will be if General
Taylor is elected. The gentleman admits that the
will of the people on these subjects ought to be
carried out, and yet he votes for a man who never
will carry them out. The opinions here expressed
are such as would have done credit to the eaily
days of the Republic. They are not unworthy
of the days of Washington, and Jefferson, and
Madison.
But, according to the Democratic opinions of the
day, a Piesident is to canvass the reasons for and
against the expediency of every bill the Congress
may pass and send to him for his signature, and,
if he does not think the law expedient, he must
veto it. Was such a doctrine ever heard of in the
days of Washington, or of Jefferson, or of Madi-
son, that a President of the United States must
descend into all the details of legislation and of
domestic policy, and undertake to veto every bill
for which he would not have voted in Congress?
it was unheard of, unthought of, in their days.
The President then confined himself to great con-
stitutional principles, and left the details of legisla-
tion to the representatives of the people. General
Taylor has here taken the same ground. He will
not undertake to prescribe how much duty shall
be laid on a yard of cloth; he will not presume to
declare tins river may be improved, but that must
not be—you may clear out Duck creek, in Ten-
nessee, but you shall not remove a snag from the
channel of the great father of waters. He will
have the will of the people to be carried out, and
will not abuse the veto power to prostrate and to
thwart their will. If there weie no other reasons
entitling him to the enthusiastic support of the
people of (his country, these alone are sufficient,
in the days we have m prospect before us, the
policy of this Government is not any longer to be
shaped at the White House. Executive influence
is the grand Pandora's box from which all our
evils have proceeded. Look back to the com-
mencement of General Jackson's administration.
We had then an institution to regulate the currency
of the countiy; it was popular everywhere; the
people of this entire Union desired it should con-
tinue. Democratic Legislature after Democratic
Legislature voted for its re-charter; and that meas-
ure was earnestly advocated by the present Vice
President of the United States. Yet Executive
power and influence was able to thwart the wishes
of the people, and to prostrate that institution in
the dust.
Mr. CL\RKE here inquired whether General
Taylor was in favor of a national bank?
Mr. SMITH. I am not informed; [much laugh-
ter on the Democratic side of the House;] but this
I know, that the wishes of the country on that
and on every other subject will be earned out. It
is not the duty or the policy of the Piesident to
regulate the ciureney of the country. I have my-
self always been the advocate of a national bank;
but if General Taylor is our President, it will not
be revived unless the people as>k for it. The
country is very differently situated now from what
it was when that bank was destroyed. We are
able to get along without it.
But if any man wishes to see a proof of the
overwhelming force of Executive power and pa-
tronage, let him look at the annexation of Texas.
When that measure was first brought up in Con-
gress, a majority of the House were openly against
it, yet it finally received a majority of votes. How
was that majoiity obtained? A letter appeared m
the Richmond Enquirer declaring that no man
would receive or need expect the Exeeuihe coun-
tenance and favor if he was opposed to the meas-
ure of annexation. The majority against it in the
country was large'—it was overwhelming. In In-
diana, four-fifths of the Democrats were against it.
1 know this to have been so in my district. And
how was it in the great State of New York? An-
nexation was utterly repudiated. Yet when that
letter came out, a sudden change came over the
spirit of the dieam of some who had been loudest
and most clamorous against the measure. And I
could point to a man from your own State, Mr.
Speaker, (understood to mean Mr. Parmenter,)
who was now m the enjoyment of a lucrative office
under this Government in consequence of such a
change. Yes, it is not to be disguised, we have
come to that pass that Congress is little more than
an office to register Executive edicts. If any man,
with the spirit of a man, dare rise up here and op-
pose the Executive pleasure, the cry of treason,
treason, is raised against lam. But if Geneial
Taylor comes into the White House, you will see
a very different state of things. There will be
another order of the day.
A gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Iyerson] yes-
terday made his debut before this House in veiy
handsome style, and addressed us m a very elo-
quent strain. But, unfortunately for him and for
his State, on this the first occasion of his public
appearance as a debater here, he was found stren-
uously opposing and resisting the claims of his
jj own State to justice at the hands of this Govern-
jj ment. Certainly it was matter of regret that one
!1 of her distinguished and talented sons and repre-
|| sentatives should, on his first presentation here, be
I making a strenuous appeal to the House against
: the plainest principles of justice and of common
: sense. It is not for me to settle the question of
| such a course between him and the people of Geor-
| gia; but I do believe that a very large majority of
i the people of that State will recognize the justice
! of the claim urged in behalf of the city of Savan-
; j nah, the commercial capital of their State.
jj The gentleman spoke with great eloquence, and
entered the lists as a mourner over the unfortunate
ji fate of Henry Clay. Yes, he lamented in very
mournful tones over the fate of that man, whom X
jj admire, and have ever admired, more than any
I living public man whom our country calls her
■ own. I felt like mingling my tears with his while
I, he was pouring out such pathetic strains over a
i! great man fallen.
|! Mr. 1VERSON wished to explain.
jj Mr. SMITH desired to be excused, as he had
!i but a few minutes left.
jj Mr. tVERSONj nevertheless, threw in the re-
'i mark that what he had said was not in sympathy
[■ hut in derision.
Jj Mr. SMITH continued. Ah! in derision ! He
\ knew it was in derision. He knew thatpraises for
!' that man never could comc from that source but in
jj derision. He wanted the country to know, he
! wanted that illustrious man to know, and his
; friends to know, that the crocodile tears which had
j' fallen from Locofoco eyes all over this country for
j him were but shed in derision! This was not the
, first time he had seen these tears shed. These
;j mournful notes of lamentation had fallen on his
jl ears before. He had seen something of the same
jl manifestations m the columns of the "Union."
, Day after day, sympathetic notes had been poured
, out and crocodile tears had been shed by Father
' Ritchie for Henry Clay, as a noble, gallant, patri-
i otic man; a man whose great name was inscribed
' high on the rolls of his country's fame—a man
; whose great name would live throughout this coun-
! try and the civilized world when the insignificant
; name of Zachary Taylor should have been for-
| gotten. Was this the same Henry Clay who, in
! 1844, was vilified and slandered all over the coun-
j try by these same men who were now.so ready to
j praise him as the blackleg united with the puritan—
who, in 1844, was denounced as vile, odious, iy-
l famous? Was this the same Henry Clay who had
j procured the election of John Qumcy Adams by
I bargain, corruption, and treachery? Was it the
: same Henry Clay who had sold the rights of his
S constituents for a seat m the Cabinet? Was this
! the same Henry Clay whom old Father Ritchie
, had grown gray in denouncing as an infamous pol-
itician, as a dishonest man ? Was this the same
Henry Clay whom their Democratic friends up to
the meeting of the Philadelphia Convention had
been for twenty years holding up to the country
; as the greatest of all political sinners, as the man
; who of all others was most to be feared? He
thought that there was one exception to that
course. He believed he had heard similar strains
of eulogy from Locofoco organs when the same
Whig party nominated General Harrison in 1840.
i The denunciations of Henry Clay then suddenly
| ceased, and the land was oveiflowed with eulo-
i gies to him fiom Democratic presses and orators,
; because the same motives were operating upon
1 them then. They then wanted to turn the admi-
rmg eyes of the country from General Harrison,
and to induce the belief that Mr. Clay was badly
treated, and his friends ought not to support Gen-
eial Harrison. But again, in 1844, when Mr.
Clay was again nominated, the old tune was taken
up, and, instead of the mournful tones of condo-
lence and sympathy, we heard nothing but fiery
indignation and bitter vituperation, poured out
upon his head with unsparing malignity. Let him
tell Democratic gentlemen that Mr. Clay and his
friends knew how to appreciate these encomiums,
these eulogies, these crocodile tears; and let him
tell them further, they could not divert one man
of the Whig party from the support of General
\ Taylor, by any hollow attempt to excite sympathy
: for Mr. Clay, or any attempt to create the impres-
I sion that he had been badly treated. Mr. Clay's
friends had no less confidence in him than they
T had ever had; they believed him the same great
!, and good man they had always considered him;
