968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21s
they cherished his name with all the fondness ,
they had ever felt for it, and in after times they
would hold up that illustrious name to their chil- ,,
dren as the bright model of an American statesman ;j
whom every Ameiican youth should be taught to ;l
emulate. But they did not want to expose him in jj
his old age to the malignant vituperative assaults '!
of pensioned Democratic presses throughout the jj
land; they did not want him to paa3 through the i!
fiery ordeal of 1844. They had nominated a man j:
who had not been abused to the same extent as ,i
Mr. Clay, and, for want of time—although head- j!
mitted that old Father Ritchie was handsomely
schooling himself m the business of vituperation ;[
of General Taylor, and had already progressed so ||
far that he would soon equal his best efforts in j
doing; the same work towards Mr. Clay—it would j
all be in vain. He regarded this Presidential elec- |
tion as complele'y settled as it would be on the 7th j
of November next. The people were determined j
that this Administration should be turned out of,
power, and that no time-serving demagogue, no !
political trickster, who had grown wealthy and fat ;
on extra pay from the people's money, should oc- ;
cupy the Presidential chair for the next four years. >'
They would take a man fresh from the people;
one whose courage, whose skill in war were only ;
equalled by the kindness of his heart, and the gen- ,
nine benevolence which marked his charactcr; a
man who—to use his own eloquent language—had
no enemies to punish, no friends to reward, noth- !
ing to serve bat his country," That country the
people would give him the opportunity to serve in
the highest civil station within the gift of the peo- '
pie. I
Here the hammer fell and the hour expired. >
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, next obtained the ■
floor. He said, when he had made the motion to
reconsider the other day, it was with no intention j
of addressing the House, or of deviating from the (
rule he had prescribed for himself, except such as I
should become necessary to explain his votes; but j
the course of argument of the gentleman from Indi- 1
ana [Mr. Smith] had been so extraordinary as to j
induce him to trespass upon this rule, and to ask j'
the attention of the House for a short time. /
What was the question before the House? It ,,
was, whether this House would reconsider the vote ;
upon the passage of this bill, and, if agreed to, /
whether they would reconsider the vote upon the jj
engrossment, and then strike out of the bill the ob- 'j
noxious feature ? A little history on this subject, ;
amid the confusion which gentlemen on the other . i
side of the House seemed disposed to get up, might
not be unimportant. It was sought to be shown j
that the other side of the House was not responsi- j
ble for its action. A House with a decided ma- ,
jority on every single question, it was now sought ;
to be proved was not responsible for the manner in j
which bills were framed and passed here. Was ,
it so? How was the vote upon this question? j
Seventeen men on the other side of the House had
voted against the passage of this civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and the majoi ity against
it was only twenty-three. Eleven gentlemen on
his side of the House voted for it, and he was happy
to say he was among that number, for never, while
he was honored with a seat on this floor, would he
vote to stop the wheels of this Government, if that
vote could be avoided with any regard to consist-
ency whatever. Seventeen gentlemen who had
voted for this appropriation for the Savannah river,
who believed it constitutional, who believed it ex-
pedient to pass such a bill, had seen lit to step into
thearena and to vote against it—for what purpose? !
Why, they came up like children and said they :
did it for fun! Grave legislators, able statesmen,
eminent men legislating for the people of this coun-
try, forfun, asa matter of farce, because gentlemen
on this side of the House, entertaining views against
the power of Congress to make disappropriation,
had seen fit to vote against the bill! Now, he
asked m candor, could any man who entertained
a constitutional objection to the passage of such an ;
item as this, vote for a bill that contained it ? And
if he saw fit to cast his vote against it, did it be- ,
come the majority of this House, who entei tamed |
opposite opinions, also to vote against the bill?
How were they justified before the country? lie
would like to hear gentlemen confine themselves to ;
this question, and give a direct answer.
He begged leave here to say that he differed en-
tirely from the remarks which hnd fallen from the
honorable gentleman from Virginia on his side of
the House, [Mr. Bayly,] in relation to the conduct ,
of the Speaker. When he (Mr. S.) had made ,
the motion to reconsider the vote on this item, in
response to a suggestion of the Speaker that the
motion could not be made under the rules, he had •
intimated that he had an abiding confidence that
the present Speaker would not so hold, and that i
he must be permitted to say that, in his humble j
judgment, the conduct of the Chair on this occa- j
sion was entitled to the highest respect of every ■
member of this House. The only question on
which he had differed with' the Chair—and upon 1
which he had not had time to examine the prece- i
dents—was in relation to the original vote given by !
the Speaker; whether the bill had not proceeded so !
far, whether it had not gone through the subse- j
quent stages of reading and voting, as to preclude ,
the right of the Speaker to vote upon the amend- j
ment. Having had no time to examine the prece- .
dents, he was obliged to defer to the decision of;
the Speaker, for the tune being, as correct. .
But gentlemen whom he knew to be sound con- j
stitutional lawyers—gentlemen, he repeated, of j
eminent ability, had undertaken to distinguish be- j
tween this appropriation and appropriations to j
remove a sand bar-—had undertaken to tell this i|
House that while Congress had no power to remove j
obstructions which the laws of God and of Nature ,,
had placed in harbors and rivers, they had the ]:
power to remove those placed there by man. He (j
should like to hear eloquent legal gentlemen, con- i:
stitutional lawyers, on this subject. If the Con- m
stitution of the United States gave the power to !,
remove these obstacles, it gave it without regard j
to how they came there. He was among the nurn-
ber who believed the Constitution did confer this i
power, and he believed it was a matter of no con- ,j
sequence how the obstructions had been formed;
and,if he might be permitted to say it, with respect !
for the opinions of gentlemen on the other side, the jj
distinction was ridiculous between obstructions in h
a river caused by sinking vessels, hulks, &c., to
keep out an enemy's fleet, and those caused by the
accumulation of sand by the water. How was this
case distinguished from the bar formed at the end
of the pier at Chicago, erected by the Government
of the United States?
He had voted in committee and in the House
against this item. Why? Because it was in direct ,
violation of the rule of the House to place it in the ,
bill, and if these votes were reconsidered so that it ;
would be in order, he intended to move to exert |
the power of this House to stuke it out. The 81st i
rule was imperative that no such appropriation :
should be ingrafted on the bill by the Committee |
of Ways and Means, nor under the orders of the '
House, nor by the Committee of the Whole; and ,
why was it in this bill? Why did the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, represent- !
ing in part a Western State largely interested m the |
system of internal improvements—a State which |
embraced within its borders as many objects of im- ,
provement as any other—why did that gentleman j
consent, m the navy appropriation bill, to provide |
for Boston harbor, and in the civil and diplomatic j
appropriation bill to improve the mouth of the ;
Savannah river? Was this legitimate legislation ? j
Was it lair? Was it just to the country which the j
gentleman and himself represented in part? Was j
it justice to the great Northwest to be tampering, .
placing single items separately in the general ap-
propriation bills, that might roll through with the i
necessities of this Government, while everything j
for the benefit of the gentleman's constituency and ]
his was carefully excluded r :
Mr. VINTON said, the gentleman would prob- i
ably recollect that when the items for the Missis- j
sippi and Ohio rireis were moved in Committee
of the Whole he had voted for them, and he had
stated here yesteiday he regretted they had not :
passed. I
Mr. STUART. Why did not the gentleman ;
put them into the bill ?
Mr. VINTON. No proposition was brought
befote the Committee of Ways and Means for that
purpose.
Mr. STUART. Was it not the gentleman's
own business as chairman of that committee to
bring it befoie the committee ? And if the Savan-
nah river had been brought ^n there, it certainly
notified the chairman that other internal impiove-
ments might also be included. He understood
that one member of that committee from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] had introduced this item as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means. He
repeated, it notified, or should have notified, the
honorable chairman to take care, as a western man,
of the interests of his own State and of his, (Mr.
S.'s.) Now, no such caviling could be justified
before the gentleman's constituents or his, what-
ever might be attempted on this floor for political
purposes. Their constituency would hold them
responsible; they would wish to know why they
were voting item by item to improve all the harbors
on the seaboard, while theirs in the West were left
to remain in statu quo.
He took another objection. While he would
vote for a general bill for internal improvements,
and while he believed the system constitutional—
not to the extent laid down by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Smith] at an early part of the ses-
sion, not that we were afloat upon the ocean with-
out a chart or a compass, but that there were
certain well-defined principles in the Constitution
which justified these appropriations—while he
would vote for a bill of this kind, he would never
consent to legislation evidently intended for politi-
cal purposes. Gentlemen on the other side might
quibble, might prevaricate as much as they chose,
but this item had been introduced into the general
appropriation bill for the purpose of making an
argument against the Democratic party—for the
purpose of provoking a veto, or of charging the
President with inconsistency. No other motive
could be reasonably assigned.
The gentleman from Ohio had said yesterday
that he was anxious to carry out the recommenda-
tion of the Executive department of the Government
in its various branches. If so, why had not these
western improvements been put into this bill if
this was legitimate legislation ? When, the other
day, they had had up the question of appropriation
for the surveys of the public lands, the western
men had asked that the recommendation of the
department should be carried out—that $115,000
might be placed in the bill for these surveys. Why
had the majority of the House, upon the recom-
mendation of the same committee, refused to give?
them but $65,000? But he could not spend too
much time on this point.
He had alluded to the inconsistency of gentle-
men on the other side of the House, and to the
fact, that but for the honorable gentleman from
Georgia on his side, [Mr. Cobb.] this bill would
now sleep the sleep of death. After a majority of
this House had defeated it, no gentleman had
risen on that side to move to reconsider the vote
and save the bill by striking out the obnoxious
item. He should say a few words in relation to
, the propriety of this legislation, and then he should
pass to the other branches of the subject.
He spoke now of the respect which was due to a
coordinate branch of this Government. Differing:,
as did honorable gentlemen on the other side with
the present Executive of the United States upon
this constitutional question, he asked, was it re-
spectful? Was it that respect which they de-
manded at his hands? Were the denunciations
which they had so often heard from gentlemen
of the President of the United States as a miscre-
ant, as the greatest enemy known to the country,
of the Constitution and liberties of the people, that
respect winch was due to the Executive? While
honorable gentlemen on the other side were con-
stantly declaring that gentlemen on his side came
here but to register the edicts of the President, and
that they should govern their action by the princi-
ples of justice and a due regard to the rights of
the people, why did they not pay that respect to
the President which the rules of the House made
incumbent upon them, and keep out of this bill
appropriations not rightly there?
But the gentleman from Indiana had amused
the House, and he confessed had amused him, at
some of the positions he had taken. He did not
' see the honorable member in his scat, but, inas-
much as it was his duty to be there, he honed lie
would be soon. It v.as strange for one who, bke
him, knew the early political lnstoiy of this coun-
tiy only by leading it, to hear a Whig of this day
| claiming to be a Jt-ffersonian. The gentleman had
proved himself a British Whig by reading a defi-
; nition of Edmund Burke, and if he would turn to
; Blackwood's Magazine, which was equally good
British authonty, he would find it there declared
: that the devil was the jint Whig: and he put it to
the gentleman, that if he resorted to British au-
1 thority to prove himself a Whig, he must take
