970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Mr. STUART knew all about the contents of
that bill; and he knew how it had been treated,
too. It had .slept here in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and not progressed at
all, while that committee had labored seven months
to get up a repoit and resolutions to censure and
insult the President of the United States.
Mr. HAMPTON inquired, if the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce had not made repeat-
ed efforts to have the rule suspended which required
bills to be taken up in their order, for the purpose
of passing this river and harbor bill? and did not
the gentleman know, that the great body of gentle-
men on the other side of the House had invariably
voted against it?
Mr STUART replied, Yes; and did not the
gentleman know that the majority of this House
adopted that rule?—that they had placed themselves
in the piedicament where they could not get up this
bill: Did he not know that western Democrats had
voted tor it every time ? Did he not know that the
majority were responsible for the order of the public
business, and that they were not content with leav-
ing the appropriation bills to keep their place on
the calendar, but, entitled under the rules to prece-
dence over all other business, by making them
special orders, had overrode all other business,
and thereby made business enough for the Blouse
to the first of September? The gentleman told
them the majotityof tins House could not pass
the bill; it would never do; they wanted to talk
about it; they had kept the President's message
heie a month before referring it, making it a per-
fect Buncombe speech fund. The gentleman need
not insinuate that they had any such desire.
He came back to this Chicago Convention. It
was a great convention, gotten up for great pur-
poses. It was intended to be the Archime ean
lever to upset the Democratic party; and from the
East and West, from the North and South, the
grand sachems of Whiggery attended. What did
they do? Insulted General Cass in open conven-
tion. What was his letter? Gentlemen might
laugh about it, but honorable men had got to meet
the question in ail honorable manner. What was
that letter? It was simply addressed to a friend at
Chicago, saying, that it was out of his power to
attend. Did gentlemen doubt his opinions.'' He
allied them if they had looked at the records of
Congress? A man who had been here for years,
who, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
worth] had said, had voted unqualifiedly in favor
of eveiy measure of that kind which ought to be
carried—not for the indiscriminate legislation of
Whiggery, but for everything the wants ot the
nation demanded. And yet gentlemen did not
know his position !
If that had been a great Whig tariff convention,
and Mr. Clay had been invited to attend, and had
jeplied that it was out of his power to be present,
would they have doubted whether he was a tariff
man? No. It was Whiggery masked there, under
the pretence of the benefit of the people, as it was
always masked, that had insulted the best Demo-
crats of the land. It was Whiggery that had got
up this book; it was one of the emblems ot the
campaign; it was modern Whiggery; it was that
Whiggery that addiessed itself to women and chii-
dien,and not to the sense of grown-up men on
principle; it was the Whiggery that dare not let
shea candidate promulgate his opinions; itwas that
Whiggery which concocted for him letters,and sent
them to him to sign; it was that Wliiggeiy which
had nut General Harrison under keepeis, and had
got General Taylor somewhere in Baton Rouge,
f.o far off that letters could never reach him, noi
the country hear from him his opinions. The mails
veie slow : the President of the Philadelphia Con-
vention had to go clear home to North Carolina
before he wrote him informing him of his nomi-
nation, and he had never got back a return mail!
Mr. OUTLAW said Governor Moiehead had
written Geneial Taylor informing him of his nom-
ination on the 9th of June—one day alter it was
made.
Mr. STUART. Why, then, don't the commit-
tee let him answer?
Mr. OUTLAW was understood to reply, be-
cause the Democratic Postmaster General would
not let the mails go theie—would notiuinish the
proper mail facilities.
Mr. STUART said, that was the very thing he
wanted to know. A Democratic postmaster, who
desired to know Geneial Taylor's opinions, if he
had any, to condemn him before the country,
keeping back the means of defeating him ! That
was W higgery with a vengeance! Why, he could
have carried the letter himself on foot, and got back
before this time. The Democracy wanted to know
Geneial Taylor's opinions, yet gentlemen said the
Postmaster General wun^t let the mails go theie !
But the mails were certain between here and
Buffalo or Albany, where Mr. Fillmore resided.
Where was his response? Was it true, as rumor
stated, that the committee thought best not to pub-
lish it until they had got General Taylor's also?
They wanted to compare them: they might not
agree. The opinions of Mr. Fillmore were known;
he was known to bfc a United-States-Bank man—
a high-tarifl man—a Wilmot-proviso man, with a
little tincture of abolitionism. Now, jt was not
known how General Taylor's opinions might tally
with Mi. Fillmore's; hence it was necessary to
detain this lettei until they heard from Baton Rouge.
Now, it would never be heard from; the letter would
never come; but we should be told by and by, as
we were told about General Harrison, that there
was to be " no further declaration of principles for
the public eye."
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, said he thought the
gentleman was mistaken in regard to the corre-
spondence with General Taylor. He had seen it
stated inthe"Buena Vista," published at Haiti-
moie, that General Taylor had written a letter to
the committee, and that they would not publish it.
Mr. STUART had seen that statement, but
as they had the assurance of so many gentlemen,
whose opinions they were bound to respect, that
the letter would come, he must conclude that the
letter was on the way; but it was coming slowly,
remarkably slowly !
Was it not a little remarkable that the Whig
party had taken up a man whose opinions no man
knew? Gentleman had been asked on this floor
again and again, whafGeneral Taylor's opinions
were on various subjects, and they had answered,
" i don't know." 'JL he gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Ha&klll] had been asked whether he would
veto the WiJmot proviso? Lie lephed, " I don't
know;" and. thus had all ansvveicd who had been
called upon. For a party that claimed to be a
party ot piinciple—that their pimciples pervaded
the whole atmosphere—that the very sun that
shines but throws them before the American peo-
ple, to have put up a candidate whose principles
they did not know, and ask the people to vote tor
him on that ground—was an appropriate exhibi-
tion ot Whiggery, and could be looked for from
no other party!
Now there had been a document put forth here—
no doubt by some very able niembei ot Congress;
he should not be suipnsed if it were the same who
was connectcd with writing the Allison letter—in
which it was attempted to prove that neither Mr.
Clay nor any other man who had adhered to prin-
ciple in the Whig party, could be elected, it
stated that the effort iiad been made in 1844, and
that they had been voted down; that the only
safety, theiefore, was to take a man with no prin-
ciples, thai would be supported by individuals of
all parties, and that they might be enabled by hook
or by ciook to elect him; and they seemed very
faithfully to be acting on that proposition. An
eminent gentleman from Maryland had proclaimed
ali over the country, that the old issues were aban-
doned, that Geneial Taylor would not be the ex-
ponent of the principles of any party; that if he
run, he was to be the candidate of the people at
large; and that, if elected, he would not carry out
the principles of any particular party. Now, gen-
tleman said Geneial Taylor was a Whii;. That
he was an honest man he (Mr. S.) believed; and
he told us that for forty years he had not known,
and declared he now knew nothing of the great ques-
tions w hich divided the great parties of the coun-
try. Out of his own mouth he told us that he was
utterly unfit to be Picsident of the United States;
and yet gentlemen insisted that he was the prop-
erest man m ali the world.
He had already consumed more time than he
had intended, but lie wished to say, in conclusion,
that he earnestly hoped that gentlemen who should
take the floor on the other side, would undertake
to tell the House definitely what were the opinions
ot General Taylor on the leading questions of the
day. Don't tell us, you don't know, (said Mr. S.;)
tell us what they are. Don't attack the Democ-
racy of the country, and que&tion their opinions,
whose opinions you know, and undertake to seek
shelter under the smoke and dust you kick up: tell
us what you mean to do yourselves. And now he
would tell what he thought they intended to do:
from the history of that party, since he had known
it, he was prepared to say they intended to do just
that which they most loudly condemned. If they
charged the Democratic party with trickery and
treachery, with undertaking to palm off opinions
which were not their real sentiments, let gentle-
men, and let the country, be assured that they in-
tended to be trickish and knavish themselves.
When, in 1840, they had insisted they were op-
posed to a bank, they were found then breaking
up their party for the sake of establishing one.
, When they were now found insisting that all the
old issues had become obsolete, let the people be
j assured they wanted to fasten upon the country the
same issues. When they charge that General
Cass, although he had come out and proclaimed
his opinions, and published them to the world,and
with the rapidity of the press, not with the slow-
■ ness of the mail, meant to deceive the South and
, the North, let the people be assured they were en-
deavoring to have General Taylor do the same
j thing. When the gentleman from Indiana had
; told the House that General Cass had changed his
opinion on the annexation of Texas—that when
! first agitated he was opposed to it, and declared, if
j England wanted it let her have it—he would like
to know the gentleman's authority,
j Mr. SMITH was understood to refer to Mr.
; Howard, as having heard this opinion from Gen-
| eral Cass's own hps.
j Mr. STUART. Yes; Jacob M. Howaid—a
j man who, whatever was his private character, po-
litically had only the reputation of bullying every-
body opposed to him. Tell it not in Gath ! Pub-
, lish it not in the streets of Askelon ! General
Cass's opinions had been published to the world.
; He had never said any such thing. General Cass
1 had been in favor of the annexation of Texas; the
Democratic party had always been. They had
embarked in it early in his State. They had piaced
on their banner the t{ lone star" when all the New
England Federalists had gone against it. By their
course they had brought on the war. We had the
evidence of the Commissioners to Mexico, since
the formation of the treaty, that Mexico never be-
lieved that Texas was not entitled to go to the Rio
Grande; that although the troops of Mexico had
, made incursions this side of the river, they had
■ always been driven back. These gentlemen, and
: that party who had been endeavoring to make
the country believe that the jurisdiction of Mexico
extended to this side of the Rio Grande, had
brought on the war by the course they had taken.
The Democracy of the country had supported the
, annexation of Texas and the Mexican war. How
j stood the Whig party now, who had condemned
1 the war from first to last, as an " unconstitutional,"
! s' unnecessary,"4 'damnable" war; who had recom-
j mended our soldiers to "hospitable graves" in that
: country? They had chosen a man as their candi-
: date for the Presidency who had no other reputa-
| tion asapublicman except what he had got through
! this war. It reminded him of what old Thad.
j Wood said when he imprisoned his father-in-law
i for debt. He said it " made him feel like h—11,
! but he wanted the money." These gentlemen felt
bctd. They had mourned over and condemned the
sin and wickedness of this war before the country,
and yet they wanted the oiiices; and so they had
selected the man who had acted a prominent part
as a commanding general in this disgraceful, un-
holy war !
Mr. SMITH, of Ind iana, interposed, and wished
to ask the gentleman if General Cass had changed
his mind on the subject of the Wilmot proviso ?
Mr. STUART replied he had. General Cass
■ had written it in black and white, and sptead be-
fore the world, that he had.
[ Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, inquired if it was
the Nicholson letter the gentleman referred to, or
a private letter ?
Mr. STUART replied, that he referred to the
Nicholson letter, in which he said that a change
had taken place m his mind, He (Mr S.) believed
certain gentlemen at the other end of the Capitol—
Messrs. Clayton, Phelps, and we should see how
many others—had changed their opinions also.
Now, he would like to know from the gentleman
from Indiana whether he had changed his opinion
oil the subject?
