1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
Mr. SMITH replied, he had not.
Mr. STUART wanted to know, then, what was
General Taylor's position on thatsubject;he wished
the gentleman to answer him, not to tell him " I
don't know."
Mr. SMITH declining to answer-—
Mr. STUART said, gentlemen on the other
side were very apt at asking questions, but had
not the moral courage to answer them. The gen-
tleman from Indiana could write letters to his con-
stituency—hecould makeGeneralTaylorall things
to all men, but he ought to have the moral courage,
as the Representative of a noble constituency, to
stand up here and say what were the opinions of
his candidate. Gentlemen on his side of the
House had been told by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] that the Democratic party « went
it blind" for all the measures of Mr. Polk. He
would like to know whether the Whig party were
not " going it blind," too ?
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired if the gentle-
man was in favor of the Wilmot proviso?
Mr. STUART replied, he was. Now did the
gentleman wish to inquire further?
Mr. SMITH asked if the gentleman was for
General Cass?
Mr. STUART said he was for General Cass,
because by his election the Democracy would sus-
tain the great principles of the party for which they
had contended twenty years; becausc he was emi-
nently qualified for the duties of that exalted sta-
tion, was "honest, capable, and faithful to the
Constitution;" because he was the chosen candi-
date of the Democratic party, under the control of
which this vexed question must be settled, if it
should ever be settled, with a just regard to the
true interests of the people of the whole nation.
Mr. S.'s hour here expired.
Mr. GOGGIN proceeded to address the House.
He said he felt some anxiety yesterday to obtain
the. floor to make some few lenmrks on the subject
before them, (the veto, or the one-man power, so
called,) but without any intention at that time to
go into a lengthened argument on the question at
issue. He was induced to take some further in-
terest now in this great issue before the country,
from the fact, that^ after some eight or nine years'
experience as a member of this body, he believed
he might say it was the first time now within his
recollection that he had witnessed m this body a
deliberation and discussion amongst its members
on both sides of the House, in lcference, not to
what are the views of gentlemen on this floor, not
in reference to what are the wants of the country,
not in reference to what are the instructions sent
up Lo them by their constituencies fiom the polls,
but as to what is the opinion of the Executive offlctr
of this Government on a great legislative question;
and it was asked that we should flame a bill so as
to suit, not our own, but the taste of the President.
Mr. FA RAN desired the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to yield him the floor for a moment.
Mr. GOGGIN hoped the gentleman would waive
it until he was through with his remarks. He
meant no discourtesy to the gentleman, but he de-
sired to proceed without inteirupuon; he should
certainly say nothing offensive to any one, unless
the truth itself was so.
Mr. LAHM now rose to a question of order.
He wished simply to ask the Speaker whether this
discussion was in order'1 He did not raise this
question because he objected to the gentleman from
Virginia proceeding in his remaiks, but because
he thought that they should transact their legiti-
mate business here, and then go home and make
their political speeches 011 the stump.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
the civil and diplomatic bill which was before the
House involved almost every question that could
possibly be discussed. He was unwilling to call
the gentleman from Virginia to order after the
general discussion which had been indulged in.
Mr. GOGGIN resumed. Exactly so. He was
saying when he was interrupted by the gentleman
who had, he believed, but a tew days before, made
a speech on this bill, that, after some yeais' expe-
rience in this House, it was the first time that he
had heard a grave deliberation here, not as to what
were the wishes of the country, or of the opinions
of the House, but what is the will of hini who sits
at the other end of the avenue as the Executive
officer of this Government? Now, he must say,
that, with all lespect for his Democratic friendson
the other side of the House—badly as he had
thought of the consistency of modern Democracy,
and while he had been from ptinciple only opposed
to that party—he now thought worse of its prac-
tices since he saw its tendency, growing and still
increasing, to concentrate all power in the hands
of one man; and if there was no other issue in the
approaching Presidential contest between General
Taylor on the one side, and General Cass, the au-
thor of the book which the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr Smith] read this morning in the hearing
of the House, that gieat question of the power of
the President over the legislation of the country
would of itself be a platform broad enough to stand
upon. Here, then, was the Whig platform. The
gentlemen opposite asked them'for their political
platform; and to that he replied they planted their
foot where they stood in 1832, when gentlemen
had said the Whig party was again re-formed as
it had before existed m the days of the Revolution,
when resistance was successfully made by our
ancestors to this centralizing power now claimed
for the President of a Republic, instead of King
George III., the great father of monarchical Eng-
land, who claimed a right to rule his colonies with-
out the interposition of the will of the people, as
they thought proper to express it.
What were the principles of the party, he would
ask, with which he was associated? And what
were the principles of the party with which gen-
tlemen opposite are connected ? The party to winch !
he belonged came, as it had ever come, and as gen- \
tlemen well knew, in open and undisguised oppo* j
sition to the one-man power; and they came with j
the determination to do everything that was fair j
and proper to curtail the power and control the |
grasping influence of the Executive officer of this '
Government. This constituted a Whig in }76; it I
constitutes one now. But gentlemen on the other
stde, so far fioru coopeiatmg with the Whigs on
this question, as they did in the days of the Rev-
olution, were endeavoring to carry out plans and
measures, the effect of winch would be to build up
the power and iniluence of the very branch of the
Government they once so much dreaded. They
sustained the President, not with the simple power
of a republican officer of a free Government, where
the people are supposed to be able to enact laws,
through their chosen representatives, to suit them-
selves, but with that of a royal Executive, whose j
power, as exerted by his veto, shall be unlimited j
and uncontrolled by the will and wishes of those j
who at leastare his equals, in the exercise of rights ;
which pertain to them in their repiesentative chor- !
acter. So a distinguished Senator [Mr. Benton] I
had said, in 18:26, when another individual occu- |
pied the office of Piesident of these United States; i
and to an extiactfrom the report of that Senator, 1
he called gentlemen's attention for its truthful char- 1
acter, as it now portrays the state of things in this 1
country: i
" Wo must, then, look forward to tlie time when the
jiiihltt, revenue bill be dou'lcj; v Imi the <a vil ami nuLttny
ojficcisoj the Fc'ei al Govnnmtnt viul be q.uidruy'e <1; when
ltv influence over individuals will he multiplied to iti-
d<'fuule extent; wlun the nomination h) this Pi undent can
c.ini ouy man ihiough the Senate, and Ins recommendation
can tarrj any measure tin ough the two Hou-es 01 Congress;
when the principle of public action vuil he open and avowed,
tht, J.Jrciidenl u anU my vuie and I u ant his ■jiatr^nag,'; I will
\ on; as he wishes, and hcuill give vie the office I tiis>h jut.
, What will tlii" be but the Go\ eminent or one man? and what
' i." the Government ol one man hut a monarchy 1 Names are
j nothing. The natuie of a thing i?. 111 ils> sub-tance, and the
name soon accommodates ltselt to the substance. '1 lie fhst
! Roman l'jinpeior wa-s btyled Empeior ot the Repul-Lic, and
I the la-t Fin.ch Empeior took the fcanif title ; ami then te-
spc-ctive countties were jus>t as essentially mon animal befuie
■ a-* alter the assumption of these titles, it cannot he denied,
1 or di^einbled, but mat tin.-- Feueral Government gruMtatea
to the same point/5 !kc. Tho>p v\ I10 make the Pie«)d"iU
! must support h m. Their political late becomes iduitined,
i and they inur-t ssand or lall together. Eight or wiong, they
must support him; and,if he is made conttaij to the will of
tiie people, he must be suppoited not only by votes and
speeches, but by aims."
Having read this extract from the report to which
1 he leferred, he reiterated the sentiment that the
! Executive power was becoming dangerous to tne
1 liberties of the country, and he said it became them
i to listen to that voice of warning of one who, for a
quarter of a century, had ceitainly distinguished
1 himself by talents of a high order in the Senate of
1 the United States, but who was still a member of
1 that party now advocating the exercise of powers
the most extraordinary and dangeions.
Mr. G. said he had not intended to urge upon
: this House the propnety of an unconditional ab-
! rogation of the veto power. He legarded it as
| General Taylor had said he did, u as a high con-
servative power," but that it "should never be exer-
cised except in cases of a clear violation of the
Constitution, or manifest haste and want of con-
sideration by Congress." What said that law-
loving man, that man wlio is about to be called to
administer the Executive office of this Govern-
ment—the man who with his sword has fought its
battles, and with his pen has maintained his own
and the rights of his brave soldiers—the man whom
it has been attempted to disgrace by an expression of
public disapprobation of one of the noblest acts of his
life, by the appointment of a lieutenant general to
supersede him in command, and by leaving him
exposed to the tender mercies of Santa Anna and
his soldiei y, unless he could make good his way by
doine, as he said he would do,and as he did, "fight
Aim," m such a way and with a success as scarcely
the annals of the world can produce a parallel ?
What said this man, brave, gallant, and generous
as he is, when clothed with command, but when
asked his opinion of the powers of the Executive,
what said he ?
"Indeed, I have thought that for many years past the
known opinions and wishes of the Executive have exercised
an undue and injurious influence upon the legislative dc-
paitment of the Government; and for this cause I have
thought our system was in danger of undergoing a great
change from its true theory. The personal opinions of the
individual who ha.* happened to occupy the Executive chair
ought not 10 control the action of Congress upon questions
of domestic policy; nor omiht his objections to be interposed
where questions of constitutional power have been
by ihp various departments of Government, and acquiesced
in by the people."
General Taylor had here written a book, even
in this short extract, worthy of being treasured up
by all. In relation to all subjects of a legislative
character, he would defer to the legislative will,
where it had been deliberately expressed, and
j where it did not transcend the bounds of the Con-
stitution. Such, said he, would be his course,
1 looking to the interests of a great nation instead of
! doing the bidding of a great party. He lias em-
; phatically declared, that while he has " great car-
dinal principles which will regulate his political life
' if elected, he would not be the mere Piesident of a
party." How just and liberal is the sentiment;
how patriotic; how like the language of Washing-
ton, who, when about to be taken from the camp
to the Presidential chair, said, " I will go to the
chair under no preerigagement of any kind or na-
ture whatsoever, * * * with sole reference to
the public good."
That General Taylor was right in his views of
the alarming tendency of Executive power, the
history of the past will show; and (said Mr. G.)
I shall presently advert to some most striking in-
stances, as they have been developed by the opin-
ions of gentlemen on this and the other floor of
Congress, or who ha\e at some time occupied
prominent positions before the country.
But while he was on the subject of Piesidential
vetoes, he begged to be permitted to call the atten-
j tion of the House to the opinion of a distinguished
] gentleman from Pennsylvania opposite, [Mr. C.
1 J. Ingersoll.] What weie the opinions of that
1 gentleman in reference to a former President of the
| United States—Mr. Tylei—who had exerted this
j power, and what were his opinions of the %eto
i power in the hands of a man in the frame of mind
I the President was then said to be by that gentle-
ij man, in an address to his constituents in 1841?
!i He said:
|| "Mr. Tyler is an instrument of ovemilnig Piovidence,
'! often marvelously snatching this Republic fiom apparent
1 leopardv, to rescue it fiom the calamities of the late over-
j, wiought cxtraoidmarv session. Tlie chapter of strange ae-
•[ cidents eondu<'(iim him to the Chief Magistracy, said to
J; nerve him with a "^orr of religious hefirf that he destined
|| through higher power to wondeiful instrumentality."
li He said these were the views of the gentleman
i] from Pennsylvania in regard to the peculiar no-
i' tions of a former President, influenced by which,
' j and armed with this power, there would not long
i. be any salety for the rights of the people of this
1 Republic, when in the hands of some men, if en-
tirely uncontiolled by an expansion of the powers
'i of the Executive. A President possessing that
j power, and acting under the influence of fanati-
| cism, and such a religious phrensy as prevailed in
'i some parts of the United States, with such a feel-
ing as that imputed to Mr. Tyler, where, he asked,
ij would this veto power stop in its operations? Gen-
! tlemen should beware how they eniaige the opera-
tion of this power.
Had the gentleman forgotten that this power to
check the will of the people's representatives had
