072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
been very rarely used by the earlier Presidents?
Thomas Jefleison, the great expounder of the Dec-
laration of Independence, and John Adams, his
co-laborer in the framing Qf that instrument, had
exercised the Presidential office altogether for twelve
years, and never once had they checked the legislation
of Congress. It had been done by others, it was
true, but rarely; and it was now matter of history,
that since the reign of George the Third, the King
or Clueen of England had never dared to do that
which is now attempted to be justified by those
who would, as they do, urge the President to an
act which Ciueen Victoria dare not do. Mirabeau,
the great French orator and republican, well said,
"That Government is a despotism wheiein the
King or President can say, such may be the will
and opinion of the Legislature of the people, but
mine is contrary, and mine shall prevail."
Not only had this exercise of the veto power
attracted attention here and in France, but even in
England the press had seemed to be astonished at
the tendencies of what are called Democratic prin-
ciples. Says a London paper m 1841, when speak-
ing of the veto power:
<c In monarchical England the sovereign has a veto, but it
has never been exercised for fifty years r jet in J)emoctriu-
cal America the decision of the people is intercepted from
talking effect by the will of a finale man, and that man not
cboc-en (or the pu: pose. In England the prerogatives of the
Crown ate exercised, nut according to the private opinions
of the sovereign, but under the advice of responsible minis-
ters ; but in America, the Democratic king relumes hia a>-
sent to a law, because it is contrary to his individual judg-
ment."
The gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
very much to his satisfaction, had quoted the opin-
ions of a distinguished Senator from South Caro-
lina; and, when ^gentlemen quoted such men on
one subject, it was not improper to see what opin-
ions had been held by the same authority on others.
Did the gentleman quote Mr. Calhoun's opinions
as favorable to the views of those on the other side
of this chamber? If so, hear what he says on
another subject, and take warning from him whose
authority is invoked. In 1832, in his place in the
Senate, he said, in refeience to the veto just then
sent in on another subject:
"He (the President) has* pionouneed the United States
Bank to he unconstitutional, and ha* of course impeached
the couduct of Washington and Madi-on, (the tormer of
whom signed the chartei of the first bank, and the latter of
the present,) and ail the members ol both Hou-es of Con-
gie-s who voted for the acte incorporating them.55 "I am
modified that, m tiiia country, boasting of its Anglo-Savon
de-cent, any one of respectable stand im;, much less the Pi ev-
ident of the United States, should be found to entertain
pi maples leading to such monstrous results; and I can
scared v believe m\ self to be breathing the air of our countty,
find to be wtthm the walls of the Sen-ite Chamber, when 1
hear sut h doctrines vindicated. It is a proof ot the wonder-
ful deguieracj of the time>, of a totil loss of the true con-
t't'pnous of constitutional liberty. But, in the imd.-t of this
dtgeneracy, I perceive the symptoms of regeneration "
While he was still on the subject of the veto
power, as he saw his colleague from the Accomac
district [Mr. Bayly] in his seat, he wished to call
the attention of that gentleman and of the House to
a document he held in his hand—and he did it with
no disrespect to his colleague, and only to illustrate
his argument. He desiied the attention of the
House to it, that they might see v. hat would be
the effect of the veto power in the hands of such
men as some Presidents of the United States had
been, as was said by actions, and who were un-
controlled by the popular will and the popular feel-
ing, and who wantonly trampled State rights and
the Constitution under foot. His honorable col-
league, with whom he had had the honor to serve-
in the Virginia Legislature at another period, was
himself a member of one branch of that Legisla-
ture in 1839, and he then used this language on the
question of electing a United States Senator, as was
shown by his punted speech. Speaking of Gen-
eral Jackson's pioclamauon, he said:
" Hence it wa«. the s-tory goes, that, when Mr. Ritchie
be«rt'i to find f.mlt with the doctiinal pomt.-ot thopioclama-
tmn. General Jackson rinsed him right out, and a-ked hun
what the d—1 Siafc rights had to do with the matter."
Airain, he said, m the same speech:
" But the cautious and timid, lelvina on General Jack-
son's proie^s'ons—for it is c. reincuhuble Jact thit he ha* never
hun io loud in hit profession* or Demon aty as a hen hu acts
h Ci'i' }/'Vr/n at, alu inis (h c liP.i'Ctttying uii (itt&CK Uj on the
C>n<t tutiin with the fowled piojc$si;)is of ; c^md for it—the
caution-* and timid, rehmg upon las pro'e^-ion?, lollowed
biia in hi-* ultia Frcb'iuliMii." kc. u 11-id the people been
liU"to th. ir pmi'ipli's. in 1^33, the country would ne\er
haw witnosud the mtsiule of the la-t >i\ >eais, during
I'hv'i even/ clause of the Cun^ti'utuni ha* been itolutcd, and
fveiy Itepul.il \tn pi inaple ti am pled m The dusd.1'
Such (said Mr- G.) was the picture as drawn
by his colleague. Did it not present this great
question of the increase of Executive power m a
point of view as strong and argumentative as it
could well be made by the language of the gentle-
man, who was always forcible and eloquent, if not
irresistible and conclusive, in his arguments? Mr.
G. thought it could not be that his colleague was
now, in sustaining the veto, willing to perpetuate
the Executive power, almost swallowing up all the
other departments of the Government, as it will in
the hands of any man filling the office of Presi-
dent, when that officer, without even the aid of the
veto, should be so potent for mischief, that he had
only to profess a reveience for the Constitution,
and then to trample it " in the dust;" and by his
very outrages to cause " the cautious and timid"
to follow his lead in overthrowing " every Repub-
lican principle" which ice are now called on to sus-
tain. The ominous words, veto, veto,are sounded
in our ears, as if, m fact, the King were coming to
put an end to our deliberations upon his rights and
his preiogatives. It will be found, however, as I
trust, whenever the hour of trial shall come, that,
though we may, as the representatives of freemen,
be sometimes " cautious," we shall never be too
ignorant to know our rights, or, knowing, " too
timid" to maintain them. We shall do this,
whether General Taylor be the President, or Lewis
Cass, the eulogist ot Louis Philippe, King ot the
French, shall fill that office.
Mr. G. said he held in his hand another book
written by the Democratic candidate while he was
revelling, as our minister, in the hails of the then
French monarchy. He had not time to read ex-
tracts now, though he might publish some if he
wrote out his remarks. It would be seen that
General Cass had well studied all the forms of roy-
alty, with which he was evidently much pleased,
as they were exhibited in the ceremonies attending
the cries of degraded subjects, as they shouted
around the palace of the Tuilenes, " Vive le Roi /"
" Vive la Rune /"
He had taken occasion to notice this subject—
the opinions of his colleague—because he yester-
day spoke of opinions which he held when he was
a member of the Legislature, in regard to the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands. He
had no doubt that his colleague honestly enter-
tained the opinion that this Government has no
right to distribute the proceeds, except in agree-
ment with the compromise act, which he wished
to preserve. Yet, though his colleague attempted
to defend Mr. Tyler on this floor yesterday, {Gov-
ernor Tyler, as he called him,) he thought the
record would show that when his colleague pro-
posed an amendment in the House of Delegates,
looking to the preservation of the compromise, it
was voted down by a vote in which Mr. Tyler
participated, he voting in the negative, showing
that he then did not regard the question of the
compromise as of any importance, and that he was
for distribution under any and all circumstances.
Certain (said Mr. G.j he was of the fact that
Mr. Tyler had in the very strongest terms recom-
mended, while a member of the Virginia Legisla-
ture, " the speedy adoption of some equitable plan
' for the distribution ot the net proceeds of the sales
s of the public lands among the several States."
And he had, in a very able repoit, m the form of
a preamble to a setot resolutions, uiged the meas-
ure of distribution as demanded by " every prin-
ciple of justice." For this preamble Mr. Tyler
had voted, as it was his own language, Ins own
argument; and it seemed to have been adopted by
a vote of the House without division. Whether
his colleague voted for it or not, was wholly imma-
terial; Mi. Tyler had sustained it. Another fact
(said Mr. G.) could not be denied, that Mr. Tv ler
had lecommended distribution in ins first message
to Cong)ess, had signed a bill to that effect, and had
said: u The mode by which this is to be evicted ad-
1 diesses itself to the discretion of Congress, as the
1 trustee for the States." The discnticn of Congress
was exercised m a manner suited to its own view
of right, and in view, too, of the deolaied opinions
of the President, which had before so well accorded
with the views of the legislative body. He, how-
ever, in the exercise of this prerogative of the veto,
had set up his own will in direct opposition to the
Legislature. Whether this was done under the
influence of "a sort of religious belief," that he,
being " a higher power " than the Congress of the
United States, had a right therefore to exercise his
own will, and not theirs; or whether it was done in
a moment of forgetfulness of his former denuncia-
tion of the exercise of this power, remains yet a
problem with some. Mr. G. would not question
the purity of his motives. He had some reasons,
indeed, to think kindly of President Tyler, and he
hoped he should continue to do so. He had only-
referred to his opinions on this subject because his
colleague had introduced them on yesterday.
In 1834, in presenting a memorial from the peo-
ple of Accomac, the county in which his colleague
resided, while he was a Senator from Virginia,
Mr. Tyler said:
"We were told yesterday that the President could not
retrace his >teps with honor. What language is this to be
held bv a public agent.5 Honor, due regard to the solemn
obligations and duties of office, require of every public man
to repair the mischiefs which his own unw^e policy may
have inflicted on the countiy. Jiy what sort of advis-.rs
mu«t the President be eurrounded, when we are told that
he would be dishonored by gmntr audience to the eon-tmi-
ent body, and jieldmg to their wishes? His duty required
this oflmn. The country m'l-n suffer because the President
mu"=t not be inconsistent. Honor would not permit bun to
retrace an ill-advised act, no inaiter what come out of it.
Mr. T. would scout such an idea of honor and consist-
ency."
Such, then, (said Mr. G.) has been the course
and such the language of one who, my colleague
now says, had he deferred to the will of the Rep-
resentatives of the People, and yielded to their
wishes on the occasion to which he refers, would
have violated c< his own oath." Sir, Mr. Tyler
himself did not think so in 1834, when he freely
uttered his opinions under the solemnities of the
same oath, acting also under the obligations of a
Virginia Senator. He stood there in his place
and boldly denounced an act of the President of
the United States, involving a conviction of duty
on his part, upon his view of the great constitu-
tional question.
He had no intention to charge his colleague with
inconsistency; he had simply spoken of these
things becausc his colleague had brought them up
in connection with the name of Mr. Tyler, and
he most cordially thanked him for the precedent
which the case afforded as illustrating his views.
Mr. BAYLY said his colleague was wholly
mistaken.
Mr. GOGGIN" said he might be, but it certainly
did not appear that he was, from his recollection
of facts, and as they would appear by the record
itself, as he thought.
Mr. BAYLY said he had opposed it because it
was unconstitutional.
Mr. GOGGIN repeated that he charged no in-
consistency on his colleague, for though he might
even have voted for the preamble to the resolu-
tions, there might be something else there of which
he did not approve in the mam. But he (Mr. G.)
was speaking of the opinion of Mr. Tyler, not his
colleague's. He regarded distribution as both ex-
pedient and constitutional.
But there was another point of view in which
he wished to present this question to the House
and to the people, and in relation to which he
would appeal to gentlemen on both sides of the
House. When questions arose under the Consti-
tution, presenting difficulties in relation to their
power to pass some particular bill containing fea-
tures about which they differed, where did they
go for a solution of their difficulties ? Would they
recur back to the fathers of the Republican Church,
or should they go to President Polk, to his col-
league, to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] to their former friend and President,
Mr. Van Buren, who was now so obnoxious to
both ISTorth and South? When a question arose,
they had the light to look back, instead of con-
sulting anv of those named, to the opinions of the
patriots in the purer and better days of the Repub-
lic, when they did not consult the President of the
United States to know what his views might be,
and to asceitain whether he would approve a bi'l
if it should be passed. They acted, according to
the lights before them, as Repiesentatives of a
proud and fiee people,and did notgo to the White
House to ask Mr. Polk or anybody else if he
would be phased to sign a bill if they should pass it.
They acted on the principles ot out glorious Decla-
ration of Independence, which is read and repeated
from time to time, and will ever be, he trusted, on
each annually-!ecurnng national festival as long as
time itself shall record its annual round. One of
the principles of that Declaration is an unfaltering
opposition to thetyrannv which had been exercised
over the free people of the colonies, and which was
