1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
great questions at issue also—as the bank, tariff,
and distribution. The gentleman nevertheless asked
them why they did not now come up to their prin-
ciples of 1840. Why, if they had no principles m
1840, how could the gentleman expect them to
©.vow them now ?
Mr. STUART said he did not ask them to come
up to their principles of 1840. He knew they had
no principles, and therefore he could not have asked
them to come up to them.
Mr. GOGG1N. The gentleman must excuse
him. The House remembers, 1 dare say, what
the gentleman said about hard cider, corn-dodger
songs, coon skins, &c., all very good in their way,
and the gentleman need not sneer at them now that
the Whue House and its intended occupant is the
subject of his thoughts. He had but a moment
left.
It had been contended by some that because
General Taylor had that modesty which some in
this House possessed not in so eminent a degree,
[laughter,]—he meant no personal allusion—be-
cause General Taylor said he had not studied these
subjects, because he had not made himself ac-
quainted with politics while he was fighting the
battles of his country, though he was at the same
time writing with his sword its history, so far as
it was connected with the glorious events on the
Rio Grande, at Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma,
Monterey, and Buena Vista—because he was doing
this, and was pursuing the honor and glory of the
country, gentlemen said he was too little of a
statesman, and 
The SPEAKER cut short the gentleman with
his sentence unfinished, by the announcement that
his hour had expired.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, then said:
It is apparent to every member on this floor that
the civii and diplomatic bill must pass and become
a law before this session adjourns. But the po-
sition m which we are now placed is unprece-
dented, and will astound the country. The ma-
jority of this House have inserted into this bill
provisions which render it impossible for a large
minority to vote for its passage. But that ma-
jority having thus amended the bill and made it
obnoxious, refuse to pass the bill known to be ab-
solutely necessary to the well-being, if not the ve *y
existence of the Government. An effort seems to
be made to foice members to violate their con-
science, or leave the publicofficers without support.
The whole civil list is to be starved out, because
honorable Representatives will not sustain an ap-
propriation to remove obstructions in the Savan-
nah river, in violation of their well-known and
declared opinions. For one, I shall remain im-
movable, be the consequences what they may.
I have an abiding confidence m the good sense of
the people to comprehend and appreciate this
movement.
I hope, if the bill passes in its present shape,
the President will withhold his signature. 1 hope
he is not to be moved from his principles by the
fear of starvation. I believe that he will not ac-
quiesce, under d uress, in the adoption of a measure
which would not receive his sanction when left
free to exercise the discretion which has been
secured to him by the Constitution. I believe in
the President's firmness. He has given the coun-
try too many evidences of its existence now to be
doubted.
But is this movement made to provoke a veto,
and thus render obnoxious and unpopular this
provision of our Constitution? I hope it is not,
and yet I fear it is; and therefoie the pending
Presidential election, in all of its consequences,
opens before us. ^Ve cannot avoid the discussion
if we would, and I would not if I could.
In November next, the people ot this Republic will
assemble at the ballot-box to select another Chief
Magistrate of this Confederacy, for the four years
ensuing the fourth of March next. That selection,
we all admit, will have a decisive influence on the
future policy of the Government. It is impossi-
ble, in the very nature of things, that it should be
otherwise. Our Government is not the result of
force, but of opinion. It is based, not m the fear
and dread of power, but in the affections of the peo-
ple. It is maintained,not by large standing armies
and powerful navies, but by the intelligence, virtue,
and patriotism of the masses. In such a Govern-
ment, and among such a people, individual men
sink into insignificance, are of no consequence, and
principle becomes everything. Where there are
eighteen to twenty millions of persons,all entitled to
the same political rights and privileges, all having a
like interest in-a common country, it is absurd to
suppose, that m their selection of men to discharge
the duties of office for the common good and the
general welfare, friendship for individuals, a dis-
position to honor a man irrespective of his fitness
for station, or his capacity and experience, will
control the action of the voter.
We have received from our fathers a Constitu-
tion as remarkable for its wisdom as for its adapt-
ation to our necessities. It is the sheet-anchor of
our hopes; and with one accord, all parties cling to
it as the ark of our political salvation. As to the
proper policy to be pursued under this Constitu-
tions so as to maintain the rights, advance the in-
terest, and secure the common weal of all, parties
have been formed and kept up ever since the
daysof Washington. They first arrayed themselves
under two great leaders, Jefferson and Hamilton,
both membeis of Washington's cabinet, both pa-
triots, and both aiming at the same great end—the
perpetuity and advancement of a common Govern-
ment.
For one, sir, I do not believe this formation of
parties has been deleterious to the prosperity of
this great Republic; nor do I believe the future
existence of parties in tins country, formed un-
der the Constitution, and based upon principle,
to be an evil, nor that it can, by possibility,
operate to our prejudice or disadvantage. The
vigilance of the defeated party will ever sccure in-
dustry, fidelity, and honesty in the officers placed
in power by the successful party. The people
compose the grand inquest of the nation, before
which all must appear at stated and fixed periods;
their virtue and their intelligence are our sure
guarantees—where error is harmless, when truth
is left free to combat it; their verdict is ghen
through the ballot-box, and from their decision
there lies no appeal.
But when parties degenerate into faction; when
principle and policy are merged in a blind admira-
tion of a great leader; when the blaze of military
glory shall dazzle the eyes of the multitude; when
"the pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious
war" shall lead captive our people, and they shall
be called upon to confer office upon a successful
chieftain, " without a why or wherefore,"—then
will a party, formed on such a basis, become the
bane and curse of the nation; then will we begin
that career which leads us, as it has led all other
Republics which have preceded us, to inevitable
overthrow and destruction.
Whenever the cry over the ballot-box shall be,
i( aut Ccasar aut nihil,^ and it shall prevail, then is
the destruction of our liberties nigh at hand. The
people will require a ruler, and a Coesar will be
found. The watchword of the friends of Louis
Napoleon, which has produced such consternation
m France, and has been so much ridiculed m this
country—"Am I not the nephew of mine uncle r"—
will be as sensible as the cry raised in this country
in behalf of one of the Presidential aspirants, Am
I not a mighty man of valor? and none shall stand
who opposes my triumph.
But the time is not yet; our Republic has not yet
revolved around its cycle of gieatness. The people
will reject this appeal to their passions instead of
their reason and judgment; and the result of the
approaching election will, in my opinion, terminate
in the dissolution of the Whig party, and the per-
manent establishment of Democratic principle?.
Major General Zachary Taylor, now command-
ing the western division of the United States army,
is the nominee of the National Whig Convention,
and of couise is the Whig candidate for the Presi-
dency. For fiirty years he has been in command
in the standing army of the United States; and for
that period, having been set apart from the great
body of the people, he has never exercised that
greatest and highest privilege of a freeman, the
right of suffrage; and has therefore taken no part
in the struggles of our countrymen in maintaining
sound principles, and in advocating and furthering
those great measures which have contributed to
our remarkable prosperity and rapid advancement
in all the arts of peace. His action has not been
associated with the great body of the people, nor
has he manifested any sympathy with the masses.
General Taylor has been all the time m command,
and has been accustomed to that absolute authority
by which he saah to one man, Come, and he com-
eth; and to another, Go, and he goeth. His will,
not the wishes or interests of those around him, has
been the law of his conduct. He has never occu-
pied any other than a military position, which
must have led him, from its very nature, to desire
and favor a strong and arbitrary government, with
the largest poweis consolidated in the common
ccntie. He has never held office undera sovereign
State, and of course has never studied the nature
of our complicated and well-balanced system of
government, having a General Government, with
defined, limited, delegated powers, and sovereign
Stat$3, with reserved rights; nor has he familiarized
himself with the thousand and one difficult and in-
tricate questions arising out of our extended foreign
relations, and the conflict of jurisdiction and of
right springing up under the Constitution. He is
a soldier, a lucky and fearless soldier, I admit; but
still no less the mere soldier. lie has no civic
triumphs; he has originated or successfully advo-
cated no great measure which has promoted the
interest or secured the happiness of his country.
He has been identified with no leading policy.
Even the Mexican war, which has been conducted
so brilliantly and terminated so successfully, in
which he has gained all of his glory, does not meet
his approbation, if his adherents are the true ex-
ponents of his views.
Again and again has he repeated, that in no case
can he permit himself to be the candidate of any
party, or yield himself to party schemrs. He says,
m his letter to Mr. Delony, of Louisiana, " that
it is a right inherent m every freeman to possess
himself of the political principles and opinions of
those into whose hands the administration of the
Government maybe placed." Yet, in that very
letter, when interrogated "as to the justice and the
necessity of this war with Mexico, on our part,"
he replies: u from my duties and the position I oc-
cupy, I do not consider K would be proper in me
to give any opinion in regard to the same."
A major general in the Arnciican army, engaged
in an active and hazaidcms campaign against a for-
eign enemy, daily invoking Heaven to defend the
right, and punish the wrong, feels a delicacy, deems
it inexpedient, to give his opinion as to the justice
of his country's cause! I challenge the history
of warriors, from the beginning down to this in-
stance, for a parallel case. A soldier, a major
general in command, daily and hourly risking his
leputation voluntarily in the service, and yet can-
not say whether there is any justice or necessity,
on the part of his country, for all the calamities of
war ! So much from a candidate for the Presiden-
cy, who is to be elected because he is Ck the honest
man;" leaving the inference, that he is the only
honest man in the Republic.
In the same letter, when asked as to the neces-
sity of a national bank, and as to the effects of a
high protective tariff upon the country, he re-
plies:
'k I am not prepaid to answer them. I could only do so
after duly investigating those subjects, which 1 cannot now
do."
Here he inadvertently observed one of the great
fundamental principles of elocution—when you
know nothing, say nothing. This letter presents
a strange compound: First, he asserts that every
freeman has a right to know the opinions of can-
didates for office: Second, as to the justice of the
war, he cannot give an opinion; as to bank and
tariff, he has no opinion: Third, he "is no poli-
tician:" Fourth, if the people elect him Chief
Magistrate, he will serve them; which all men ac-
customed to public life understand to mean, in
plain parlance, I am a candidate, and would be
pleased to be elected.
This letter was written .Tune 9, 184T. After-
wards, August 3, 3847, he writes his celebrated
letter to the Hon. J. R. Ingorsoll, in which he
.j avows htmself "a Whig; not indeed an ultra par-
'| tisan Whig, hut a Whig in principle." Heiehe
;! shows an "astonishing impiovement m political
n knowledge in a few weeks. But the sentence which
! follows, shows conc!usi\ely, to my mind, that this
'! letter-writer, who assumed the name ot Mr. lng*>r-
'■ soil, had misled and deceived General Taylor, and
| had thrown him into a passion. He adds;
A.rnl after ilie discussion winch orenned m hoth Umws
of Confess at the la-t session, mowing out of the capitula-
tion or^Monterey—ui winch di-cu—1011 you thought pioper
to defend my conduct in re mtd to thut nan-action, wi.eii
availed someu-hct, tf not entirely, on jj<"tty atowJi, in the
Ilou-e of which you arc a menibei, toi winch von have my
Mticete thanks—winch was done m such a \va\ by tho*.c
who disapproved that measure, t can hoidlj imagine how
an> one who svas pieseat, und heaid the speeches oil that
