976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21.
occasion, or road thorn afici they wro published, could well
mistake the complexion of my politic-.."
I take it for gumted, that General Taylor was
imposed upon in this matter by some designing-
man. But I call upon gentlemen to mark this lucid
Cassage. What is the idea conveyed in it—some
lemocrats, "on party grounds," had disapproved
of the capitulation of Monterey? This was taking
ground against him; and after that, no one that
knew him "could mistake the complexion of his
politics." Here the vindictive and intolerant spirit
of a man long accustomed to command, unused
to tolerate disobedience, and impatient of contra-
diction, manifests itself. But if this discussion
made him a Whig, then I can say that Whigs are
of easy manufacture. But when General Taylor
discovers the fact, that not a single Whig in the
whole land is willing to defend the terms of that
capitulation, on the grounds on which he placed it
in his official report, which had been laid before
Congress, by the same process of reasoning, ''the
complexion of his politics" will again become
doubtful.
When that discussion took place, we had before
us tiie official report; the capitulation and the cor-
respondence which had passed between General
Taylor and General Ampudia; and also the fact
had been made known that the President had dis-
approved of the armistice, but the reasons for dis-
approval were not made known. Upon these
papers and facts, members of Congress formed and
expressed their opinions.
In order to a full understanding of this subject,
let us recapitulate the facts On the morning of
the 19th of September, 1846, he encamped at the
Walnut Springs, near Monterey, with an anny
less than seven thousand strong. On the morning
of the 20th, the fighting began, which was contin-
ued for three days—2lst, 22d, and 23J—with the
most astounding courage and unexampled daring
by our troops. There is not an American citizen
living who does not feel proud of his country when
he reviews the good conduct of our army during
those three memorable days. On the night of the
23d, at nine o'clock, General Ampudia sent a mes-
sage to General Taylor, saying, " As I have made
all the defence of which I believe this city capable,"
&c., "1 propose to your Excellency to evacuate
the city and citadel, taking with me the personnel
and mateiiel of war which is left."" On the next
moi ning, at seven o'clock, General Taylor replied:
"In answer to your proposition to evacuate the i
' city and fort, with all the personnel and materiel
' of war, I have to state that my duty compels me
' to decline acceding to it. A complete suirender
' of the town and garrison—the latter as prisoners
' of war—is now demanded.'5
On this day, Genera! Taylor said "he felt he had
the city in ins hands."
The result of tire above correspondence was a
personal interview between the Generals, the ap-
pointment of commissioners to arrange the terms
of the capitulation, and the agieement that the
Mexican aimy should retain their arms, with
twenty-one lounds of ammunition, march out of
the city with the honois of war, and that there
should be an armistice of eight weeks' duration.
This was a great falling olf from the. first demand, i
And what were the icasons assigned for this I
utter sacrifice of advantages so great and so dearly j
bought? Not that " every military man mustadmit, I
' who has seen the ground, it was impossible to 1
4 invest Monterey so closely as to pievent the •
' escape of the garrison;" not "the consideration
* of humanity was piesent in my mind during the
' confeience which led to the convention, and out-
1 weighed, in my judgment, the doubtful advan- j
4 tn^es to be gaint d by the resumption of the attack |
' upon the town:" not " at the date of the surren- j
4 der of Monterey, our force had not more than
i ten d \ys' rations."
These reasons were after-thoughts, urged upon ;
a re-argument of the ca^e. These were military
reasons, and none are so good judges of their sound-
ness a* military men.
But he it e\er remembered and kept in mind,
that the only icasons laid before Congress were
contained in Geneial Taylor's official report, m
these words:
uTt will he seen that the teim* granted the Mexican car- !
)i< 'ti .11 n Ir-- i isjitiDiiN th.m tho-e tu>t d. 7'ke ^d'"nt j
dcicurp <j the t,i , n m / the ji'it of a r:cent chart ze of Gocan- \
■fiicut in Vwyo, / chew! to be fin orablc to the mte tesh of
peats, induced me to concur with the commission in tin n I
forms, which will, I triut, leecive the approval of thy Gov- ■
ernment. The latter consideration also jrrompfed the con-
vention for a temporary suspension. of hoUil ties. Though
scarcely warranted bv niv ins-tiuetions, yet the change of
affairs since tho e instructions were iS-^ued, seemed to war-
rant this course. I beg to be advised early a*. practicable
whether I have met the viewis of the Government in these
particulars."
Here is the whole argument in behalf of the
terms of the capitulation, by which an entire hos-
tile army was released, and an eight weeks' cessa-
tion of hostilities conceded to them.
Mr. BARROW here interposed, and said that
he understood the gentleman from Mississippi to
say that not a single Whig was willing to defend
the capitulation. Now, he would say he was ready
to defend that capitulation, and had always done
so. ♦
Mr. THOMPSON continued. The gentleman
from Tennessee is not exactly correct. I do not,
: nor have I said that there is no one found to de-
fend the capitulation. I know to the contrary.
But I have yet to find the man who defends the
terms of the capitulation, for the reasons furnished
in General Taylor's official report, and particularly
that portion of the capitulation which ever gave
rise to any discussion—the armistice. The sole
reason for that was, the supposed change in the
Government, believed to be favorable to the inter-
ests of peace. Will any one now defend that part
of the capitulation? I insist that those who aban-
don the leasons here given for the terms granted
the Mexican garrison, aie themselves the censureis
of Genera! Taylor. They accuse him of an effort
to palm upon the country, as a glorious victory, i
an indecisive battle.
General Taylor insists, in the only report which
was then known to Congress, that these favor-
able teims were granted ex gratia, not ex necessi-
tate; speaking as he said he felt, that " he had the
city in his hands." But the "gallant defence"
the Mexicans had made of the city had won
upon his generosity; and "the fact of a recent
change of Government in Mexico, believed to be
| favorable to the interests of peace," had misled
him, and caused him to think it unnecessary to
insist upon rigorous terms. It even led him to an
agreement to suspend hostilities for eight weeks,
in order that all the anticipated advantages of this
change might be realized.
The change here referred to was the return of
Santa Anna from banishment, to take command
of the Mexican army. This fact, this return of
Santa Anna, was the basis upon which General
Ampudia practised his deception upon General
Taylor, and humbugged him into an acceptance of
his own terms. That. General Taylor was uncon-
sciously deceived and taken in by the Mexican
General, I do not question; but still he was taken
in by the stratagem; still Ampudia had told him a
falsehood, a downright and, to us, palpable false-
hood; and General Taylor shows by his report he
believed the story, and acted on the falsehood as a
fact. I have always regarded this as a trick of
war, and this trick for the time answered Ampu-
dia 's purpose.
It is asserted that Santa Anna tricked the President
of the United States, and secured from him a pass
into Veta Cruz, on the ground that the fact of his !
teturn would producc a change in the Mexican j
Government "favorable to the interests of peace;" i
and from General Taylor's own statement, it is |
evident that the fact of the. return of Santa Anna j
had produced a change in the Government which '
he " believed to be favorable to the interests of
peace," and on this belief he acted. I am not sur- !
prised that General Taylor was deceived; but lam i
snrpiised that the frien'dsof a man who boastingly !
say, "Oh, he shrinks from no responsibility," should
endeavor to deny the fact, when he admits it him- '
self, and to \ indicate his course, for reasons never
furnished till the enemy was gone, and he had dis- i
covered the stratagem. j
It must be observed that General Taylor, in ma- ■
king his return of this transaction, does not raise j
any military question. He. does not say, as he !
afterwards alleges, that " it was impossible to in- ;
vest Monteiey so closely as to prevent the escape :
of the gamsoo"the consideration of humanity i
was ever present in his mind;" "that his force 1
had not more than ten days'rations." These may ]
have been his actual reasons; but it was a misfor- ^
tune, and a great omission, not to have^iven them j
at first to the dqnntment and to the Government. !
Those reasons would have confined the discussion j
of tins subject to men whose profession is arms. !
But when he decides every military question by
having it understood that the city was in his hands,
and that a sound and wholesome policy dictated
the lenient terms to the garrison, and the armistice,
he must have known he was entering a field where
every politician felt himself his equal; in the same
light as every juror feels himself equal to a judge
in finding the facts of a case, after the Jaw of the
case has been expounded and decided.
At the time of the discussion to which General
Tayioralludes,as giving an unmistakable complex-
ion to his politics, it was known that the reasons
furnished by General Taylor were not satisfactory
to the President, and that a discontinuance of the
armistice had been ordered, it then soon became
apparent that the popularity of this military chief-
tain was to be brought into the canvass, for the
purpose of effecting political objects. The most
ruthless and violent assaults weie made upon the
Administration. General Taylor was supposed to
be immeasurably strong with the people, and that
chord was to be played upon. The Piesident, who
had conferred honor after honor upon General
Taylor, till his brow was freighted with military
laurels, was charged with a design to disgrace and
destroy him before the people. The attacks upon
the Administration, though groundless, were kept
up with briskness and spirit.
On the 30th of January, 1847, after two-thirds
of the short session had passed away, and after
many membeis had expiessed their disapproval of
the armistice, the celebrated joint resolutions of
thanks to General Taylor were brought forward.
The rules of the House were suspended, (myself
voting m the affirmative,) and the battle of Mon-
terey was denominated " a most brilliant victory."
That expression met my concurrence. And it" re-
flected imperishable honor upon our arms:" in that
I concurred. But these facts made the more appa-
rent to me the conclusions to which my mind had
previously arrived, that the stratagem of Ampudia
had robbed our army of the fruits, the legitimate
fiuits, of a hard-fought battle and dearly-bought
victory.
But while I was willing to applaud the fighting at
Montetey, 1 was not willing to give a vote which
excluded me from the opinion I had previously
expressed as to the terms of the capitu'ation. It
was here I had the honor to propose the proviso
which has drawn down upon me much unneces-
sary and unjust remark: " Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed into an appro-
bation of the terms of the capitulation." It was
accepted by Mr. Farax, of Ohio, as a part of his
amendment, which declared the war in which we
were engaged to be a just and necessary war. The
previous question was immediately moved and sus-
tained. Mr. Leake, then a member from Virginia,
rose and requested me to insert after " approba-
tion," the words " or disapprobation." Immedi-
ately I arose and asked permission to do so; not
because, as I said, 1 deemed it necessary, for that
was the meaning of the proviso as it stood; but to
prevent any misconstruction of the purpose, as it
was intended to withhold any expression of opin-
ion on the subject of that negotiation. The amend-
ment could only be made by universal consent, and
that was refused by the Opposition. The vote was
taken, and the resolutions, as amended, adopted.
In the excitement of the moment, a motion was
made to strike out of the title <{ thanks," and in-
sert " censure." The ayes and noes were called,
and but one man had the nerve to vote in the affirma-
tive. Themoverof the amendmenthimselfdodged
the vote, and could notbebroughtto enter of record
a vote so much agatnst good conscience.
Such is a concise history of this celebrated pro-
viso, out of which so great a humbug has been at-
tempted; and I now declare that, under the same
circumstances, with the same state of facts, I would
again pursue the same course. What was done
was not unjust to Geneial Taylor, because he ac-
knowledged. by clear implication, in hisrepoit,
that he had been humbugged by General Am-
pudia. The facts did not exist upon which he
based his action. He made the armistice because
" of the fact of a recent change m the Mexican
Government, believed to be favorable to the in-
terests of peace." But when he ascertained that
this change, instead of being favorable to peace,
was adverse to peace, every candid man would
think he would have been against the armistice.
Immediately after these joint resolutions passed,
in which Congress had withheld any expression
