THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR St RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1848.
New Series No. 62.
of opinion as to the terms of the capitulation, I
had the honor to offer a resolution, calling for all
the correspondence between the Department and
General Taylor; which was adopted. In this cor-
respondence I found the letter of the Secretary of
War, in which he gives his reasons for a disap-
proval of the armistice, so fully, so ably, and, to
my mind, so satisfactorily, that 1 will read it:
Cl War Department,
" Washington, October 13, J 848.
11 Sir: Your communications of the 22;i, 23vl, and 2.3th
ultimo, detailing the opeiauons of the ,umy under youi im-
mediate command at Monterey, have been received. The
skill, courage, and gallant conduct displayed on that occa-
sion by the troops under your command, both regulars and
volunteers, have added «lory to our arms, and merit from
the Government and people of the United States the warm-
est expressions of gratitude and praise.
t( In relation to the terms or the capitulation of Monterey,
the President instructs me to say, that he regrets it was not
deemed advisable to insist upon the terms which you had
tnst propo-ed. The circumstances which dictated, doubt-
less justified the change. The President, uninlormed of
the«e circumstance*, does not know in what degree the re-
cent change m the Government of Mexico may have con-
tributed to this result. Certain itis, however, that the pres-
ent rulers of that Republic have not \et given any evidence
Chat they are < favorable to the interests of peace.* Of this
you will have already been informed by my despatch of the
22d ultimo.
''The Government did not contemplate, a? you will per-
ceive by the tenor of the despatches from this department,
that there would probably happen any contingency, in the
prosecution of the war, in which it would be expedient to
suspend hostilities before the offer of acceptable terms of
peace.
" In my despatch of the 22d ultimo, which hadnotreached
you when you entered into the auangeiuent with General
Ampudia on !he 25th ultimo, there ate considerations and
iacfc> stated which render the continuance of the armistice
extremely embairassmg. As the offer recently made by the
United States to open negotiations for a peace was not ac-
ceded to by the present rulers of Mexico, but reserved to be
submitted to and acted on by a Congress to be assembled on
the 6th of December next, it was deemed by the Government
here highly important that the war in the moan time should
be prosecuted with the utmost vigor, to the end that they
might be made sensible of the evifs of its continuance, and
thereby become more inclined to brim* it to a speedy clo-e.
In pursuance of this policy, an expedition was proposed, in
my despatch of the -22d ultimo, foi the purpose of taking; pos-
session of the entire department ofTauiaulipas ; and, under
the belief that it would not interfere with your plans and
operations, no doubt was entertained that it would receive
jour concuirence and support, in anticipation thereof,
measures have been aheady taken to carry it out at the ear-
liest practicable period.
" By the anangement you have made for atemporary sus-
pension of hostilities within certain limits of the enemv's
country, if continued to ihecnd of the time stipulated,acon-
sideiable pait of Tamaulipas will be exempted from military
operations until within a tew days of the time fixed for the
meeting of the Mexican Cungiess, and the expedition tlieie-
by delayed, or, if prosecutc.il by the land or naval forces,
might bring into question the good faith of the United States.
" In the despatch before referred to, you will perceive that
an attack by our naval foice upon some places on the coast
of Tamauhpas is also contemplated. Whatever ma> be the
advantage oi the necessity of the cooperation of a laud force,
it must be withheld until near the close of November, if the
armistice is continued to the end of the stipulated peiiod.
The Government is fully persuaded that if you had been
awaie of the special leasoris disclosed in the de.-patch of the
2*2d ultimo, and the intention?, of the Government still enter-
tained, vou would not have acceded to the suspension of
hostilities for even the limited period specified in the articles
of capitulation ; but as its continuance depends upon theor-
dei*. of your Government, vou arc instructed to give the re-
quisite notice that the armistice is to clo.-e at once, and that
each party is at liberty to resume and pio^ecute hostilities
without restriction."
If the approval of this letter and its reasoning is
a censure upon General Taylor, then I, in com-
mon with the Secretary of War, do ccnsure him.
The world know, according to the statement of
General Taylor himself, that he was deceived, and
the world have independence enough to speak out
their sentiments. It is base treason to our institu-
tions to resign our right of thought and speech.
Members on this floor do not blush to pronounce
the Presidentof the United States, the commander-
in-chief of our army and navy, a traitor, usurper;
Polk, the mendacious; an administration of "d warf-
ish talents and gigantic vices; to falsely denounce
General Cass, the candidate of the Democratic
party for the Presidency, as fraudulently obtaining
money from the public treasury, whose whole life
has been spent in a zealous, honorable, and faithful
discharge of the public service; as the hero of Hull's
surrender—thus implying that he is a coward,
when the history of his whole life shows that he
has been equal to every emergency of the service
62
in which he has been placed. And is General
Taylor, the candidate of the Whig party, above all
criticism? Why, in the opinion of some men—
— " he doth bestride the narrow world,
Like a Colos-us: and we pettj men
W.dk under bis. huge legs, and peep about
To find ourselves dishonorable graves."
When Pompey the Great had overun Sicily,
driven out Perpenna, and taken possession of the
cities, the Mamertines, a class of citizens Iivin°"in
Messina, when summoned, refused to appear ^be-
fore his tribunal or acknowledge his jurisdiction,
claimingexemption byan ancient privilege received
from the Romans. Pompey's answer was signifi-
cant, and illustrative of the present efforts to frown
down all inquiry into the course pursued by a vic-
torious general. He said, « Will vou never have
! done with citing privileges to men toko wear
swords?"
On the return of this same distinguished general
from a brilliant campaign in Africa, he demanded
a triumph. The Roman Senate at first refused,
on the ground that the laws did not allow that
honor to any person who had not been either con-
sul orprsetor; he persisted, and on that occasion
used that celebrated expression toSylla,that "more
worshipped the rising than the setting sun." The
Senate was humbled, granted the triumph, and
Pompey lived to see the whole power and dignity
of the Senate swept away by another and more
successful chieftain.
I do not believe the day has arrived in this Re-
public when the people will do otherwise than ap-
plaud a member of Congress who dares do his
duty, and firmly maintains the right. For myself,
I would regard it the proudest honor of my life to
be the author of a sentiment which fell from Mr.
Clay on a trying occasion to him: " I would," j
said he, "rather be right than the President of the
United States."
I have lately seen, by mere accident, "A Sketch
of the Life and Public Services of General Zachary
Taylor, published by order of the executive com-
mittee of the Whigs in Congress," written for
general distribution, in which I find some gross
slanders upon the members of the last Congress,
and unblushing falsehoods as to mvself. T do not
object to all the glorifications of General Taylor;
his friends are at liberty to impose him upon
this country as greater than Alexander, or Cassar,
or Charles the Fifth, or Charles the Twelfth, or
Napoleon. Even though they might establish his
title to outrank the mightiest warriors that have
ever lived, yet my mind would require something
more to show his fitness for the Chief Magistracy
of this Union. But when my humble name is
disparagingly introduced, or that of those with
whom I have been associated in action, I will vin-
dicate the truth of history without misgiving, with-
out hesitancy.
First, then, as to the history of the Lieutenant
General. Some time in the month of November,
in the year 1846, General Scott was ordered to
take the chief command of our army in Mexico;
and when, in obedience to that order, (3-eneral Scott
arrived in Mexico and took command of ourarmy,
General Taylor was neither " dismissed nor dis-
graced." If that were true, it would then appear
that this country belonged to General Taylor, not
General Taylor to the country.
On the 25th day of December, 1846, the Presi-
dent urged upon Congress the raising of ten ad-
ditional regiments, and recommended the passage
of a law for the appointment of u a general of-
ficer to take command of all our military forces
in the field." This officer Congress proposed
to call a Lieutenant General. I favored the pas-
sage of such a law. And if a war should break
out to-morrow, and the President, the commander
in-chief, should ask for the privilege of assigning
to the chief command any general officer irrespect-
ive of the date of his commission, I would vote
for it with cheerfulness, and would consider my-
self most unjust to hold the President responsible
for the good and efficient prosecution of a cam-
paign, and yet deny to him the privilege of select-
ing the agent to carry out his views and his plans
of operation. I advocated it because it was right
in itself—right in the abstract—right regardless of
any man; and I have no doubt, when the occasion
for humbugging with the generals of this war shall
have passed away, such will be the general opin-
ion of all parties. In the case of the recommend-
ation above referred to, if any one had a right to
complain, it was General Scott. General Taylor
could not have been affected, because he had then
a separate and distinct command, and no one ac-
quainted with the facts can suppose the intention
or expectation was to interfere with Taylor's sep-
arate command. Every general officer engaged in
the main invading column would have had more
justification for complaint than Taylor. Worth,
Twiggs, Butler, Patterson,Quitman, Pillow, might
have been affected by the appointment of a Lieu-
tenant General, but General Taylor's position
would have remained the same, having his sep-
arate command, and reporting directly to the de-
partment at Washington. The same was true as
regards General Kearny. How ineffably con-
temptible, then, is the effort of this writer of the
life of General Taylor, by this " foul, shameless,"
sweeping charge upon the members of the last
Congress, to make capital for him, and to arouse
in the minds of the people a feelmg that he had
been unjustly dealt by and persecuted!
After detailing all the votes on the subject of the
Lieutenant General, he says that " the motive for
this foul, shameless*, and persevering attempt," was
" to dismiss, humiliate, and disgrace General Tay-
lor." Again: " Monstrous as this proposition was
* in infamy and injustice, although the President's
' supporters in the House of Representatives
' treated it in the beginning with open contempt,
' they were finally brought, by the force of party
' drill and Executive patronage, to regard it as of
' singular merit and necessity." Heie is another
instance of the manner in which the effort is to be
made to elevate General Taylor into the Presidential
chair.
This sentence, sir, falsifies history, and renders
the author contemptible, by charging a majority
of the last Congress of being influenced in their
conduct bv corrupt means. When the message
from the President of the United States recom-
mending the appointment of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral was received, it was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Soon afterwards that com-
mittee made a report, asking to be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject, and moved
to lay the message on the table. This motion was
adopted without attracting any attention. A mo-
tion was made by Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, to
reconsider; and on the next day the vote laying
the message on the table was reconsidered—yeas
86, nays S4. The question then recurred on dis-
charging the committee from its further considera-
tion, and laying so much of the message as related
to the same upon the table, and failed—yeas 93,
nays 97. A motion was then made to refer the
message to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and carried without a division.
—(House Journal, 134, 137, 138, 139, 2d session
29th Congress.) Thus the Journal falsifies the
charge that " the President's supporters in the
House of Representatives treated it in the begin-
ning with open contempt."
Again: This veritable biographer says that "the
' members of that Congress were finally brought,
' by the force of party drill and Executive patronage,
1 to regard" this measure " as of singular merit
' and necessity." In the next sentence, my own
name is introduced as connected with this measure;
therefore, I suppose reference is made to me in
part. Now, for myself, I pronounce the imputa-
tion false and infamous.
This truthful and faithful historian again pro-
ceeds: "A Lieutenant General to displace him
< (General Taylor) did not seem likely to succeed,
' and hence it was determined to censure him by a
' formal vote of Congress. Here, too, the con-
* spirators failed." After referring to the resolu-
tions of thanks as introduced by Mr. Cooke, he
proceeds: " This resolution was unexceptionable,
4 and opposition to its passage came as unexpected
