978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
* as it was unjustifiable. It happened, however,
* that partisan violence was baser than it was
♦accredited; and while there was one man so
* steeped in prejudice as to offer, there were more
* than a hundred to vote for the amendment to
* which we refer. That amendment was the handi-
' work of Mr. Jacob Thompson, of Mississippi."
Here is another specimen of the manner in
which popularity is sought to be obtained for the
Whig candidate for the Presidency, in holding
him up as a persecuted man; and in order to raise
General Taylor, it is deemed necessary to rob
others of their fair name. It is said General Tay-
lor has no enemies to punish, should he be elected
President of the United States. But here this bi-
ographer undertakes to point out the " conspira-
tors" who had determined to disgrace him, and
whose sins in this respect demand condign pun-
ishment. This is the way, I suppose, for a
no-party man to conciliate and harmonize all par-
ties.
Now, sir, if to withhold my approbation of that
portion of the capitulation which gave the enemy
eight weeks to recover his strength, and with new
vigor to resume the fight, when that enemy was
supposed to be in the "hollow of the hand" of our
General, be a censure of General Taylor, then I
do censure. If to say I believe that General Tay-
lor entered into that capitulation, by which the
operations of our army in Mexico were suspended
for eight weeks, when their active services were
deemed important, because of<c the fact of a recent
change of government in Mexico, believed to be
favorable to the interests of peace," and that in
that fact he was deceived and humbugged, be a
censure upon General Taylor, then I do censure,
having before me Gen. Taylor's own report—given
of course upon honor—to prove the fact. If to
say I approve of Mr. Marcy's letter, which ordeied
the discontinuance of that armistice, one of the
terms of that capitulation, be a censure upon Gen-
eral Taylor, then I say I do approve it, and con-
sequently do censure.
But, sir, those who seek to construe the proviso
which I had the honor to offer to the resolutions of
thanks, into a censure, into an insult to General
Taylor, are themselves his greatest enemies, and
do him a great injustice; because the authors and
supporters of the measure disavowed such an in-
tention at the time, and gave, by their votes on the
motion to strike out thanks and insert censure, a
cotemporaneous exposition of this proposition;
because all the world know, that even if error
existed and wrong views had been formed by the
members of Congress, General Taylor, by his
imperfect and unsatisfactory report, had required
Congress to stultify themselves or come to that con-
clusion; because they insist that the Representa-
tives of the American people have, by that con-
struction, pronounced that here General Taylor
committed an egregious blunder, and thatjudgment
stands unreversed; because, by attracting public
attention to this matter, instead of making capital
for the Whig candidate for the Piesidency, it will
necessarily produce an opposite effect.
During this session, joint resolutions of thanks
to General Taylor for the victory achieved at
Buena Vista were introduced into this House; and
upon motion made by one of his political friends,
[Mr. AsjHmun, of Massachusetts,] there was ap-
pended to the resolutions an amendment, that the
victory was won m a war " unconstitutionally and
unnecessaiily commenced by the President of the
United States!" Did. this convey a censure upon
General Taylor? It was not so intended by his
friends: yet I think this military chieftain would
have felt ins cheeks tinge with shame to have read
them; for if the war was unnecessary and uncon-
stitutional in its commencement, it was equally un-
necessary and unconstitutional m its prosecution;
and the war being of this character, he (General
Taylor) was the leader of a licensed band of mur-
derers and highwaymen, who had been engaged
in the unholy work of shedding innocent blood.
He was but a successful buccaneer, or land pirate,
skilled m the art of destroying those who had the
manliness to stand up and defend their homes, their
wives and children. Such honors, though they
had been piled up mountain high, won m such a
cause, would have paled, dwindled, died before
the eternal principles ofjustice, and right, and truth.
Such a resolution, couplcd with such a sentiment,
would, in my estimation, have dishonored the man
and the brave soldiers who had won the victory;
and the day will come when all of our countrymen
will so esteem it.
If Geneial Taylor be the man I have taken him
to be, he would have sworn in anger, for another
reason. He was more intimately associated with
the commencement of this war with Mexico than
any man living. He advised the movement of our
army to the borders of the Rio Grande. He, of
his own free will and discretion, pitched his tent
opposite Matamoros, and pointed his guns so as
to bear upon the main plaza of that town. If his
small force invited the attack, he was responsible
for its weakness, because he had full authority to
enlarge it at any time. When all these things
flashed across his mind, could he have regarded
the resolutions other than a direct personal reflec-
tion? If he did not so feel, he is not the man he
boasts himself to be, 4{who asks no favors, and
shrinks from no responsibility."
Cut in the language of this truthful and faithful
historian, I cannot say that those who voted for
the motion had determined to censure General
Taylor, or to mock him, or that they were con-
spirators, or that they acted from base> vindictive,
party motives. I am more charitable, and sup-
pose they acted with a due but a mistaken sense
of their responsibility to God and their country;
and as I know I acted from correct motives, I pro-
nounce thecharge of "a determination to censure,"
false; of being a "conspirator," infamously false;
and of acting from "base," vindictive, " party mo-
tives," superlatively false.
General Taylor is a candidate for the Presidency;
his military character is not in the issue. I am
willing to concede to him all that sort of merit
which his extravagant friends may claim for him.
I think he possesses ample military knowledge to
answer the purposes of a Chief Magistrate; but I
shall oppose his election with zeal and industry,
with all the talent and all the influence which I
can command; and in doing so, I shall act with a
consciousness that I am serving my country and
its best interests, preserving and advancing our
prosperity, and perpetuating our liberty and our
glorious institutions. I shall do so, because I do j
not believe he possesses the requisite political in-
formation and experience. The able civilian and
the distinguished general are not necessarily blend-
ed in the same individual. A man may be an ex-
cellent pilot to a steamboat, and yet know nothing
of the steam-engine which propels his vessel. A
man may be an accomplished mathematician, and
yet be wholly unable to construct a house.
It is no reflection upon General Taylor to say he
knows nothing of the civil ttffairs of Government,
because he has lived till he is three-score and five
years old without forming and expressing an opin-
ion on those great measures which have divided
the people, and which, being carried out, have
borne this Government upward and onward to our
present pioud eminence of prosperity and great-
ness—an eminence from which we hold out the
beacon-light which invites, and guides, and cheers
the downtrodden of all the earth into the paths of
liberty and republicanism. In this vacancy of
mind, he boldly takes his position, flat-footed, upon
the nnlldam, and says: What a majority of these
censorious Congressmen shall think, I will think.
But unfortunately for this position, if he be elected
President, the Constitution will require him to
think first. The third section of the second arti-
cle of the Constitution provides: " I-Ie [the Presi-
dent] shall, from time to time, give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and recom-
mend to their consideration such measures as he
shall judge necessary and expedient." Our fore-
fathers were silly enough to suppose the people
would have the sense and independence to se-
lect a thinking man for President—a man with
some political principles; and as they had con-
structed a house for his residence, and required
him to be always at his post, if was piesumed, as
the representative of the whole people, he would
see what the true interests of the country requned,
and theiefore they made it his duty to collect and
lay before Congress all proper mfoimntion, to en-
able them to legislate for the people of the fJmon,
and recommend the adoption of such measures as
he might judge necessary and expedient.
From the political opinions which have been
given out to the country, what kind of a message
would General Taylor send to Congress? In the
language of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Van Dyke,] " Echo answers, 'I don't know.' "
[A laugh.] If I should judge from the staple of
the speeches of his fiiends in his behalf before the
people, it would run something after this fashion:
" ' I hold no opinion which 1 would not readily
4 proclaim to my assembled countrymen; but crude
* impressions upon matters of policy which may be
* right to-day and wrong to-morrow, are perhaps
< not the best test of fitness for office. One who
' cannot be trusted without pledges, [i. e. without
4 opinions,] cannot be confided "in merely on ac-
count of them.' General Taylor never surren-
ders. General Taylor asks no favors, and shrinks
from no responsibility. General Taylor eats fat
meat on a piece of cold coin bread, and cuts it with
a Barlow knife, as Mr. Crittenden says. A little
more grape, Captain Bragg 1 Palo Alto, Resaca
de la Palma, Monterey, and Buena Vista!" [A
laugh.]
One of the cardinal articles of faith taught now
in the new edition of the Whig catechism, is, that
"General Taylor never surrenders." His mili-
tary history proves this to be true; but when you
consider General Taylor as a politician, it has no
foundation in fact. He has repeatedly asserted
that—
" In no ca<e can I permit myself to be the candidate of nny
p.irty, or y leld jny&eJf'lo party schemes.'-' " I &hu!l ofi'er no
active opposition to the ihe of my name in connection with
thi-j resporiMblc office, [the Chief iMagistiacy,] as long as tiiey
continue to use it thus, independent of paity distinctions.
"But, in being thus nominated, I must in=i-t on the con-
dition—and my position on thi> point is immutable—that I
shall not be brought foiwaul by them as the candidate of
their party, or considered as the exponent of then party due-
trine^.'' " I do not debi«n to withdraw my name if Mi. Cliy
be the nominee of the Whig National Convention." + *
"It lias not been my intention, at any moment, to change
my piHiliun.or to vwthdiaw my name from the canvass, who-
ever inav be the nominee of the National Convention,either
ot the Whig or Democratic pait>.-'5
Look on this picture. Now, on this: the Con-
vention which convened in Philadelphia, in June
last, was undoubtedly a party assemblage, com-
posed of Whigs, and Whigs only. The object of
the"meeting was to select a standard-bearer of their
party, and a great representative of their party
faith. General Taylor appears before that Con-
vention, and, through the delegates from his own
State, solicits the nomination; and, in order to
obtain it, authorizes them to make the following
statements:
et On behalf of the delegation of Louisiana, I will fmther
state, that General TaUoi desires it to be understood, that,
in his opinion, his friends who come into this Convention
are bound to abide hj its decision, and to sustain the nom-
inee ( heart and -•on! ;' that General Taylor recognizes in
his friend* in this Convention those who have the light to
withdiaw his name, and will eheetfully aujiuesce in such
withdrawal "
" Gcneiai Taylor, we are also authoiized to say, will hail
with entire satisiaetion the nomination by the Convention
of any other than himself; being persucuted that the uelfare
oj our country requires a change of men and measure"}, in
order to arrest the downward tendency of our natioral affairs."
Here is a complete, absolute, unconditional sur-
render. Alas, poor human nature! As the Psalmist
says, " there is none perfect; no, not one." Long
had General Taylor resisted every approach man-
fully and boldly, maintaining his independence of
both parties; indignantly scouting the very idea of
becoming the instrument, the tool of any set of
men, to effect their party schemes. He said, in
effect, t£ Is thy servant a dog that he shall do this
thing P And yet, how is it? This chieftain, who
had put Arista and his hosts to flight, who forced
Ampudiato beg for quarters, and had scattered the
mighty legions of Santa Anna, bows himself, and
makes an unconditional surrender of himself and
his conscience to Kins: Caucus. To his puissant
majesty he says: KS You believe ' the welfare of
' our country requires a change of men and meas-
ures, in Older to avert the downward tendency
'of our national d^all^^:, so do I. iNow, make
me your captain, and the men are changed, and
the measures shall be. These Locofocos, who
have been fattening out of the public crib, shall be
beheaded, and true and loyal subjects of your
highness shall be provided for. This abominable
Democratic tariff of 1S46, which is depriving so
many of your faithful friends, the manufacturers,
of the rightful profits upon their capital, and under
which our sugar planters cannot make more than
twice as much as the cotton growers, with the same
labor, must be changed, to avert the downward
tendency of the country. Tins independent treas-
ury, which 1 always thought was a kind of a two-
legged treasury, is keeping your most reliable sup-
porters, the banks, out of the rich shavings they
could make by the use of the public money; H
