1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
most important political tenets which I was taught,
sir, when I was just entering upon the threshold
of manhood, was that inculcated by Andrew Jack-
son, that the power of the Executive of this nation
"had increased, was increasing, and ought to be
diminished." You may not have forgotten—I have
not—his famous letter to the Legislature of Ten-
nessee, when he resigned his seat in the Senate of the
United States—having been renominated asacandi-
date for the Presidency—in which he not only advo-
cates the election of the Chief Magistrate directly
by the people, as a means of preventing " bargain,
intrigue, and corruption/' but recommends an
amendment of the Constitution, by which members
of Congress shall be prevented from receiving office
•from the Executive for two years, I believe, after
their term of service shall have expired. And what
was the reason of this last recommendation ? The
purport of his argument, though not the words,
was, that the Executive had coiled itself like an
anaconda around the two Houses of Congress, and
was able either to crush them to death or to force
them to comply with its wishes. This letter was
one of the articles of our faith in Tennessee, Mr.
Speaker, when, in that noble State, we were all
Jackson men. But, m after times, when the " old
Hero" ceased to be, in the words of the lamented
Crockett, a Jackson man himself, we left him, and
■under other leaders still advocated the doctrines
which we had learned from his venerated hps.
In contending, then, sir, against the proposed
snode of exercising Executive influence in this
House, I am not inconsistent, but I am only car-
rying out the lessons which I was taught in the
oid Jackson school, I consider that it would not
only show an absence of proper self-respect and
■dignity, but that it would be an indelible disgrace
to the Representatives of the people—a people yet
free—to stop for a single moment to inquire what
were the.wishes of the Executive, or what he in-
tended to do, in reference to any matter which may
be proposed for our decision. We are an inde-
pendent branch of this Government-, we are, more
than any other portion of it, the immediate repre-
sentatives of the people; we come fresh from them,
and every two years return our authority into
their hands, and we ought, therefore, to know
more of their intentions and desires, and to be con-
sidered more willing and able to carry them into
■cffect, than any other branch of this Government.
If there is to be instruction or dictation anywhere,
it should be sent from us to the President, and not i
from the President to us. He delights to call him- j
■self the servant of the people. Why should he ]
seek to be the master of their immediate represent- 1
atives? Sir, I consider, that from our position and !
our commission, we are higher than the Execu-
tive, if any branch of this Government is higher
than another; and, as a representative of a por-
tion of the free people of Tennessee, I would scorn
to kneel down before him and say, in humble sup-
plication, "May it please your Majesty, what
laws shall we, your humble and faithful commons,
enact that will obtain your royal approval?" Sir,
1 feel the blood of a freeman rushing more hotly
through my veins at the very thought. I feel that
I should dishonor the memory and actions of the
fathers of the Revolution, if at this early day—
only something more than half a century removed
from the period of their labors—I should thus con-
sent to approach a coordinate branch of this Gov-
ernment, and lay the rights and privileges of the
people at its feet. Little did they think that any
portion of their descendants who might have the
honor of seats upon this floor would, in so short
a time from the consummation of their noble work,
condescend to await the behest of the Executive
before they could make up their own minds upon
any measure of public policy 1
We should legislate in this Hall, Mr. Speaker,
without seeking to ascertain the opinions of any
man or body out of it, except the great body of
the people. Let me ask you a question. Do we
await the action or wishes of the Senate—a por-
tion of the Government which is more immediately
connected with us than the President—before we
arrive at a decision upon measures which may be
proposed to us ? Do they come to us, on the other
hand, and seek to know what are our opinions,
before they introduce or pass upon any measure
of general interest? Were they to do so, I should
be ready to commit them to that fate to which a
distinguished Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hajjne-
gan] was anxious to consign Mr. Polk, should he
abandon the line of 54° 40' in the Oregon contro-
versy—"a depth of infamy from which the hand
of resurrection would never raise them." Let us
look at the course of the Senate on the great ques-
tion which is now before them—the slavery com-
promise. When a committee was appointed to
take charge of this question, did they wait to
know what might be our opinions upon the sub-
ject? No, sir; they went to work like men and
Senators, guided by their own opinions, as an in-
dependent branch of the Government, and seeking
to give effect to the dictates of their own judgments
and their own counsels, and to settle a question
which may be almost considered as big with the
fate of Rome itself. I will say, Mr. Speaker, in
passing, that I am inclined to give my support to
the proposition which they have introduced in the
Senate, not only because I am exceedingly anxious
to bring this vexed question to an amicable adjust-
ment, but because I have much confidence in the
prudence and wisdom of the distinguished men
who compose the committee. I shall reserve to
myself, however, the right to investigate the sub-
ject, and to take such a course as my own judg-
ment shall suggest.
We should legislate in this Hall, I repeat, Mr.
Speaker, upon our own opinions and judgment,
and our own ideas of the rights of the people and
the provisions of the Constitution. When any
measure is proposed, it becomes us not to inquire
or argue here m our places either whether the Pres-
ident or the Senate may be in favor of it, but whether
it is proper and ught in itself, and calculated to
promote the interests of the countiy. Let this be
always our course, and we need never fear to stand
before our constituents, though we should differ in
opinion with the Piesident or the Senate, or both.
There might be reason and propriety m members of
this House seeking to interchange opinions, in pri-
vate intercourse, with those belonging to the other,
as, together, they constitute the legislative depart-
ment of the Government; and it is very natural,
too, that the opinions of our colleagues there, being
generally men of experience and character, should
nave weight in the formation of our opinions. But,
while such might be the case, there would be a
universal burst of indignation here, were the sup-
porters or opponents of any measure to seek to
deter us from voting according to our own judg-
ments, by announcing or intimating that the Senate
would certainly undo or nullify our work, and that
we were, therefore, expending our time to no effect.
How much more loudly and indignantly ought we
to raise our voiccs against the position assumed,
either directly or indirectly, on the other side, in
reference to the probable, nay, almost certain,
exeicise of the veto power by the Piesident, if we
persist in retaining an obnoxious section in this
bill! In assuming this position, these gentlemen
may believe that they are taking Democratic
ground—that they are acting in conformity with
the spirit and letter of a free Constitution—that !
they are guarding the independence of this House j
and the rights of the people; but I cannot, for my I
life, bring myself to the same conclusion; I cannot !
but think that the effect of their course, if they
succeed, will be to destroy the strongest bulwark
which is yet left to us against the encroachments
of the President, and to produce a combination of
functions, of a distinct and independent character,
in the Executive, already become tearfully power-
ful from its station and its patronage.
Ij Whatever others may do, Mr. Speaker, I shall |
not wait to learn whether the Piesident will veto
11 this bill because the appropriation for the Savan-
j nah liver may be retained; and the threats of such
'1 a result will have no influence upon my conduct,
i! Mr. MEADE here asked the gentleman from
■j Tennessee if in his opinion the President ought to
ij veto the bill, should he think it contained uncon-
;1 stitutional propositions?
;! Mr. BARROW. Certainly; but that is not the
question here. I contend that we have no right to
I know, or even to inquire beforehand, what the
:j President may deem constitutional or otherwise,
I or what may be his course in reference to any par-
:| ticular measure which may become the subject of
!, legislation in this Hall. What he may have done
! heretofore, wc are aware of; what he may do here-
after rests with himself, for which he alone, and
} not we, will be responsible. It may be that there
i; is something in the proposed appropriation which
,! mav give it a different character, m his estimation,
j from the internal improvement measures he has
previously vetoed. The fact that the obstructions
in the Savannah river were placed there by the
Confederation, and with the intention of preventing
the approach of a hostile fleet to a flourishing
southern city, may furnish him with a good or
plausible reason or excuse for giving his assent to
a bill containing provisions for the support of the
civil and diplomatic portions of our Government,
and of course for the payment of his own, and the
salaries of his Cabinet. Other reasons may influ-
ence his course, or he may even have the manli-
ness to acknowledge a change of opinion upon this
great subject, in which the. people feel so deep an
interest. At all events, it is not our business or
our duty to forego our own opinions, or surrender
our rights, bccause lie may, possibly or probably,
apply that kingly prerogative, which he is so fond
of using, to smother a measure of interest and im-
portance, which a majority of this House may
deem proper and constitutional. Let him act as
he pleases; let him veto the bill, and thus, to use
the words of gentlemen on the other side, " stop
the wheels of Government," I, for one, humble
and undistinguished as I am, will be ready to meet
the issue; to go before the people as the advocate
of the independence and dignity of their represent-
atives against the dictation or interference of the
Executive department.
I shall vote, Mr. Speaker, for the motion to re-
consider, which I have no doubt will pievail. I
shall then oppose any effort that may be made
to strike out the l( objectionable" section. The bill
will most probably pass the House with this sec-
tion in it. It will then go to the Senate, and should
it be passed there, will be sent to the President.
According to the predictions or threats of some of
his friends, it will be returned to this House with
his objections. The effort will probably be made
to pass it over his head by the requisite two-thirds
vote, and should that effort fail, it will then become
our duty to determine what further sreps the inter-
ests of the country may require us to take.
This is the simple and direct course, sir, which
the Constitution points out, and which it becomes
us as the representatives of the people to pursue,
without being stopped, or turned aside, for a mo-
ment, by the apprehension or the threat that our
labors may be rendered fruitless by the will and
power of one man, who, though President, is not
yet, thank God, an absolute king. Whatever may
be his conduct, let us do our duty, and trust the
result to the verdict of those to whom he is ame-
nable, as well as ourselves—a fiee and intelligent
people; who, be their political predilections what
they may, can never consent to approve Executive
encroachment or usurpation.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, then moved the
previous question, and there was a second.
Mr. COCKE moved an adjournment.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he should insist on
the yeas and nays if that motion was persisted in,
for this was the only day on which a motion could
be made to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed. Let the vote on the
passage of the bill be reconsidered, and then let a
motion be made to reconsider the engrossment, and
then the House could adjourn.
Mr. COCKE said he had no intention to do any-
thing that would create embarrassment, and there-
fore he withdrew his motion to adjourn.
i The question was then taken on the motion to
! reconsider the vote by which the bill was rejected,
I and it was agreed to.
' Mr. KING, of Georgia, was now recognized by
, the Chair.
' Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a reconsideration
; of the vote bv which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed, and that the House do now adjourn.
If the House was disposed to take the question
now on the reconsideration, he would withdraw the
j motion to adjourn and move the previous ques-
! tlon- „ ,
! Mr. POLLOCK rose to a question of order, and
! insisted that the gentleman uom Georgia [Mr.
1 Cobb] could not make two motions at once.
1 Mr. KING, of Georgia, also insisted that no
!i motion could be entertained, inasmuch as he had
.. the floor.
; Mr. POLLOCK raised another point of order*
!l that the motion to reconsider the engrossment
could not now be entertained, because a like motion
i on a previous day had been laid upon the table.
! Mr. COBB (amidst much confusion and excite-
i ment) stated that, on the discoveiy of the error.
