1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
tion of the course of northern Democrats. The
people demanded one thing from them at home,
the President demanded another thing here. Mr.
S. was perfectly aware that it required pretty nice
steering to thread these narrows. But it was done;
and gentleman accomplished it by professing most
loudly their attachment to works of internal im-
provements before their constituents, and by never
voting for them here, or else generally giving them
such equivocal support as must end in defeat.
But to return to the history of this bill. This
thing of rejecting a bill under such circumstances
was not new. They had had grave lectures here
from the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay,] and from others on that side, about the
Whigs voting one way in committee, and another
way in the House; and it had been said that the
House presented a very extraordinary spectacle in
having a bill rejected by those who were friendly
to the objects it contained. Even the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. McClelland,] amost.ardent
friend of internal improvements, but whose votes
and support he has not made always effective, for
the reasons I have stated, had said that the Whigs
voted in a very different way in Committee of the
Whole from what they did in the House, He
believed both the gentlemen from Michigan who
had spoken complained of this.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, said the gentle-
man was mistaken so far as he was concerned.
Mr. SCHENCK said he was glad to hear the
gentleman say so. He was very sure, however,
that his colleague had, and had commented with
some severity on the fact. The fact could be ex-
plained. The way, and the only way, to bring
gentlemen out—to smoke them out—was to getthe
yeas and nays on that which had been stricken out
in Committee of the Whole. Gentlemen might
vote, therefore, in committee to strike out what
they approved and meant to vote for, in ordei to
bring out their opponents on the yeas and nays.
But he must express to the gentleman from Mich-
igan his surprise thatagcntleman representing that
State—from Michigan, of all the States in the uni-
verse—should be surprised at any change, how-
ever sudden, in the course of any public man; that
he should feel or express the slightest surprise at
seeing a politician vote sometimes one way and
sometimes in a way directly the reverse on the
same question. Yes; he wondered to hear such
remarks coming from a gentleman from Mich-
igan.
The experienced gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. McKay] could not but remember, that
in the 28th Congress, at its second session, an ap-
propriation of twenty thousand dollars was reported
for refurnishing the President's mansion. This
was after Mr. Polk had been elected, and prior to
his inauguration. The Whigs had been in favor
of the appropriation. They knew that the furni-
ture was much of it old, the carpets worn, the cur-
tains torn,and they considered that a proper respect
for the Chief Magistrate, and for the nation whom
he represented, required that the house should, to
some extent, be refurnished. But the Democrats
were against the bill; not that they wanted it to be
■\ oted down—oh, not at all! On the contrary, they
desired very much that it should pass; but they
wanted it to pass by Whig votes, so that, when
they went home, they might declaim against Whig
extravagance and laud their own strict economy.
They had commented with great severity on a
similar appropriation when General Harrison was
coming, and, unless the Whigs should pass this,
all the Democratic thunder would be quieted.
Mr. STANTON here rose to explain. The
Democrats, at the opening of General Harrison's
term, had denounced the insincerity of the Whigs
in voting largely tofurnish the Executive mansion,
after they had inveighed with so much violence on
Mr. Van Buren's luxury. It was their insincerity
that provoked the thunder of which the gentleman
spoke.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes; the Whigs wanted to
vote twenty thousand dollars towards giving Mr.
Polk some new furniture. That was Whig ex-
travagance. And the Democrats could not go it,
because they would thereby contradict the argu-
ment used by Mr. Polk himself when canvassing
to be Governor. He and his Democratic friends
had been horrified at only six thousand dollars
voted for General Harrison. As to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] Mr. S. had not
pointed particularly at him, for he had often had
occasion to admire his liberality and independence
in separating himself from his party when voting
upon questions of this kind.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, here wanted
very badly to get the floor, but Mr. S. refused to
yield it.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had heard the Whig
extravagance toward General Harrison mouthed
upon the stump. And when the Whigs found that
the Democrats wanted for their President elect a
similar but much larger appropriation, but at the
same time wanted the credit of great economy in
voting against it, they turned round and voted with
them, and thus the bill was rejected.
But the history of that bill did not end there.
Mr. Polk must still have his furniture; and sull
we said to our Democratic friends, you shall have
the proper appropriation if you will but unite with |
us m granting it. A Democratic member from i
Louisiana accordingly, on the next morning, rely- t
mg on the " sober second thought" of his party '
friends, came into the House and moved to recon- |
sider the vote by which the bill had been lost, j
Nearly every Democrat voted to reconsider; nearly
every one of them voted against laying the bill on
the table. They did not want it to die; they were
willing to keep it half alive, in a state something be-
tween life and death, that the Whigs might pass it.
It was only a case of asphyxia. Let the Whigs
resuscitate it, then the Democrats would get the
benefit, while the Whigs got all the odium; they
would have the appropriation they desired, and i
we be charged with the extravagance. The Whigs, ■
seeing that this was their game, again voted as be-
fore, or changed their votes when they discovered
how the Democrats were going, and the bill was
killed stone-dead. It was put even past the help
of galvanism. All those batteries, with whose >
action his scientific fnend [Mr. Stanton] was so
familiar, were insufficient to bung it to life. But j
what followed? Why, the lesson was not lost 1
upon them. A little while after, at that session,
the civil and diplomatic bill came up, and the eco-
nomical Democrats very meekly and quietly agreed
to insert in that the same appropriation for fur-
nishing and painting up the President's house; and
on that item they voted, with a few obstinate ex-
ceptions, with the profligate Whigs, and the thing
went very smoothly. The opposition dwindled
down, if I remember aright, from about seventy
to less than thirty.
So this was by no means anything new. The
Whigs had seen tricks before. To-day they had
smoked them out. They had openly admitted the
bill to be all right and proper, but because it had
one item in it for internal improvements, they
would stop the wheels of Government rather than
let it pass.
Mr. S. congratulated the country on another
account—on account of the character of the par- '
ticular item to which exception was taken. It was |
clear enough that the party, as a party, meant to i
confine their objection to this item for Savannah 1 j
river. For what had been the subjects handled in ,
the debate? The President's veto and internal I
improvement. On these the House had been de- !
bating for the last two days. There was no mis- j
] taking the true position of the Democratic side of I
j the House. They were willing to prostrate the j
j Government rather than give up their deadly hos- j
| tdny to works of internal improvement, and their ;
i attachment to the Executive veto. They were j
! shown up as the friends of the veto, and the ene- i
i mies, the implacable enemies of internal improve- i
I ments. All who held these opinions were against ;
| the bill, while those opposed to the veto, and in j
^ favor of internal improvements, were for the bill.
I Mr. S. was glad the issue had been made.
i And the item objected to was one where the ex-
- tremest straining was required to make a pretext i
I for saying that it was unconstitutional. The ob-
! struction in the river had been put there by the ,
| Government itself. And so bitter, so malignant
| was the opposition of the Democrats to all works
i of internal improvement, that they would not vote
: even to clear out an obstruction placed in a river
' by their own Government. This was a trial of
i Executive and of Legislative strength. And Mr.
: S. was glad that such a trial was to be made. I
I They told the House that the bill if passed would
1 be vetoed. Yes; the shadow of the White House j
! had been growing from year to year, till at lengih j
i it was become so long that it had reached the >
i Capitol, and cast its chill over the members of that '
House, and there into the very hall of legislation.
The Presidential power was now for the first time
openly held up in debate as a reason why the peo-
ple's representatives should or should not legislate
in a particular way. Mr. S. was glad. Now, the
Whigs could point to another stride of Executive
influence. It stood out open and bald. The claim
waa made that the National Legislature should
pass such laws only as were conformed to the
Executive opinion—such as they knew before-
hand would be agreeable to his Majesty.
Mr. S. almost regretted, as his colleague [Mr.
Vinton] had done, that an item had not been in-
serted in the bill for some western river or harbor,
so that the same issue might have been made and
met on them too. He was one that did not think
that this appropriation for Savannah river need
be put upon the ground that the obstructions had
been placed there by Government. It was suffi-
cient for him that the obstructions existed, and
that they required to be removed. Believing that
on that broad ground the appropriation was a prop-
er one, the fact that they had been put there by
Government, made the case the more flagrant as
to the pretended scruple of the Executive con-
science.
And here Mr. S. wanted to notice the special
pleading of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson.] The gentleman had addressed the
House in a very fluent and ingenious speech; arid
yet, when it was looked at more nearly, it would
be found to be more specious than solid.
The gentleman said that these obstructions had
been put in the river before the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and therefore Congress was not bound to
remove them. And the gentleman considered this
a good argument, because the clause in the Consti-
tution which bound Congress to assume the onus
of the Confedeiation, used the terms " debts and
obligations," and this was not a debt nor an obli-
gation. But may not the gentleman's argument be
well answered by a reference to the case of revo-
lutionary pensions? On what ground did Congress
pay them ? We had these ancient remnants of rev-
olutionary days presenting themselves before us,
with tottering limbs, and hair blanched by the
frosts of near a hundred winters, asking a pittance
m remembrance of services rendered on the battle-
fields which won our independence. The gentle-
man would reply to one of these revolutionaiy
soldieis: True, true, my worthy old fellow, but
this is no u debt," no "engagement;1' those ser-
vices were rendered before the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, and we are not bound to pay
for them. * If you can show a debt—if you have
arrears of pay due to you, we will allow it; but
we can make you no gratuity. We are bound only
by the debts and engagements of the Confedera-
tion. What a pitiful, narrow, miserable policy 1
The Confederation was the government for the
time of the same country and of the same people;
if we had succeeded to all the benefits it confrned,
we had succeeded iu like manner to all its just
obligations.
Again: the gentleman from Georgia opposed
this appropriation because the clearing out of this
river would not be a benefit to the whole country,
but only to the city of Savannah; for though the
obstructions were placed there m time of war, yet
Savannah only was interested m the result, and
therefore Savannah might remove them herself.
Had the gentleman ever heard of a place called
Bunker's Hill? Was the glorious battle tliete
. fought only for the defence of Boston, or of the
hay-ricks of Captain Bunker, who owned the ad-
jacent meadow ? [A laugh.] Did the gentleman
ever hear, in later days, of a place called Platts-
burg? Did McDonough, and his gallant officers
j and crews, shed their blood but for the defence of
; the town of Plattsburg? Yet the gentleman con-
j tended that obstructions sunk at the mouth of a
! river to prevent the entrance of a foreign fleet,
i were intended exclusively for the benefit of Sa-
1 vannali, and Savannah must remove them. If
1 this were not special pleading, and of the smallest
. kind, Mr. S. did not know what special pleading
was. Yet that was the whole argument.
i Why, the gentleman ought to know that he and
: his friends had already voted for the same thing in
! principle m this very bill. Congress had voted to
i stick up a pole on the top of the dome of the Capitol,
j to light the surrounding grounds; but it had proved
: a nuisance. There it stood, high in air, ghmmei-
i ing and twinkling with as much uncertainty as a
