1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
Mr. THIBODEAUX(a memberof the Commit-
tee on Commerce) inquired if the gentleman had
alluded to the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. GREEN replied, he had alluded to that
committee whose business it was to report the
several internal improvement bills.
Mr. THIBODEAUX asked if the gentleman in-
tended to charge the Committee on Commerce with
having yielded to the wishes of Mr. Clay ? If he
did so, he challenged him to the proof.
Mr. GREEN said he had made no such charge.
He had stated that according to his impressions—
which might be wrong—the original plan of the
committee had been abandoned, and at about the
time of the visit to this city of the distinguished
gentleman to whom he had alluded. What was
the cause of this abandonment he knew not; but
he did think that this particular appropriation had
been inserted in this civil and diplomatic bill for
the purpose of compelling gentlemen to violate
their constitutional scruples, or to refuse to vote
appropriations necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, (in his seat.) That
was not the object.
Mr. GREEN accepted this explanation as far
as regarded the gentleman himself, but he presumed
the gentleman did not attempt to speak for others.
On the subject of internal improvements he was
aware there was a great diversity of opinion, and
he confessed there was great difficulty m drawing
the line of demarcation between works for which
appropriations might be made by this Government
and works for which they might not be made.
He would simply state, and not attempt to argue,
the position which he occupied. He denied that
this Government had the power to appropriate one
single dollar to any work of internal improvement
for the purpose of facilitating commerce. But
they might appropriate for many of those works
under other grants of power than that over com-
merce. Upon this principle he had voted for the
Wentworth resolution. That resolution declared,
in substance, that if it were necessary for the de-
fence of the country, for the protection of our navy
and of commerce, Congress had the power to make
internal improvements; and although he denied
that they had the power for the facilitation and
protection of commerce to make internal improve-
ments, yet as they had this power for the defence
of the country and for the protection of the navy,
he had voted for the resolution. The words " reg-
ulate commerce"—whatever they might mean,
which he did not now attempt to show—did not
mean " faciliate commcrce." There was another
clause of the Constitution which declared that " no
preference should be given, by any regulation of
commerce or revenue, to the ports of one Slate
over those of another." Now, if to " regulate
commerce" meant to dig out harbors and improve
rivers, did they not, in the exercise of that power,
give the preference " to the ports of one State over
those of another ?"
Who believed that the framers of that sacred in-
strument, the Constitution of the United States,
knew so little of the force of language as to intend
to convey, by the power to " regulate commerce,"
the power to dig canals, to impiove uvers and har-
bors, to constiuct railroads, to facilitate commerce ?
And who believed that they intended to confcr upon |
Congress any more than the power to preset ibe |
lules and regulations for the government of com- i
mercer If he was asked for the power to construct j
light-houses, he referred to the power to provide j
and maintain a navy; and if he were told, and it >
were true, that light-houses had been erected at !
points where the navy could not come, he answered i
that they were erected without any constitutional j
power of Congress. He did not complain if, m j
exercising the powers granted for the purposes of j
the Government, they benefited the people also. |
For instance, if the drawing out of a snag from a |
river, which river the Government made use of in i
the transportation of troops and munitions of war, j
subserved the benefit of the people also, it was no !
objection to the exercise of the power. But the !
improvement of the Savannah river did not sub-
serve the purposes of the Government m either of
these respects, but was designed merely to facili-
tate commerce, and therefore was, in his opinion,
unconstitutional.
He replied to remarks made by Mr. Schenck
upon the veto power, in which it was described as
overshadowing and baleful, and controlling in its
influence upon Congress. If this was the case, he
argued that the knowledge by Congress that the
Executive entertained any opinion on any subject
would have the same effect. But that complaint
would never be made against Zachary Taylor.
No one knew his opinions, if he had any. Time
and again had he been interrogated on various
questions, and no reply could be obtained. No
overshadowing influence, then, would be felt from
him upon the subject of the Wilmot proviso, the
tariff, the bank, or any other question which might
come before Congress. In this respect he might
be said to be an anomaly in nature; for, while the
sun and all other luminous bodies threw a shadow
behind them, none would fall upon Congress from
General Taylor, should he chance to be elected, of
which theie was no prospect. But he held that
upon those points where they knew the opinions
of the Executive, they should not encumber the
appropriation bills with provisions which he could
not approve, and thereby stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment, but should act upon the diversity which
was known to exist between the President and
Congress, and make their appeal to the people on
that ground.
He referred to a remark of Mr. Smith, of In-
diana, in reference to the fear of trusting the peo-
ple, and argued that the Whig party, in Uiscaiding
Mr. Clay, a man whose sentiments were known,
and selecting General Taylor, who kept mum upon
all interrogatories propounded to him, practically
demonstrated their fear to trust the people. He
also contended, that in thus presenting a candidate
with no profession of principles, they counter-
vened the just doctrine of instruction—of the re-
sponsibility of the representative to obey the will
of his constituents, as there was no mode by which
the President after election could be instructed,
and the only mode by which the will of the people
could be earned out m the election of President,
was to have the pimciples of the respective can-
didates distinctly declared, that they might support
the principles rather than the man.
He replied to the comments of Mr. Toombs
upon the Democratic " platform, "and justified that
resolution which speaks of the Government being
one of limited powers, and of a strict construction
of the Constitution, instead of condemning it, with
thegentleman,as being a truism. Butheexpressed
his pleasure to hear that it was now admitted to be
a truism, as it had been denied, not only in prac-
tice, but in theory, by tne Whig party, in their
advocacy of a general system of internal improve-
ments, of this improvement of the Savannah river,
and other lautudinarian constructions of the Con-
stitution.
He commented upon what he considered the re-
markable tact, that General Taylor had written no
letter accepting the nomination of the Philadelphia
Convention, and upon the insufficiency of the va-
rious excuses that had been assigned—the failure
of the Postmaster General to furnish him with
mail facilities, the considerable tax of his postages,
&c. That nomination had not been accepted, but
General Taylor had said if the Whigs, or the Dem-
ociats, or the Native Americans, or any other
party, nominated him, he would accept, carrying
out the scriptural doc nne of being " all things to
all men, if by any means he might gain some."
The gentleman from Indiana had said General
Taylor was not his first choice, but that he sup-
ported him because he was available. In what did !
his availability consist? In concealment. It had jj
also been declared by a distinguished gentleman j:
now m his eye, m a communication addressed to jl
the Whigs, that Qeneral Taylor had been norm- j;
nated because the party could elect no one else, i!
Would not every Whig throughout the whole ex- j
tent of this broad land, prefer Air. Clay for the |
Presidency?
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, interposed, and '
said, for one, he decidedly preferred General Tay- ]
lor. 11
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, corrected the gentle- ||
man, and said he had not declared that he pre- ;i
ferred Mr. Clay to General Taylor as a candidate !
for the Presidency. Mr. Clay's name was not '
now before the country m that connection.
Mr. GREEN considered it an anomaly, a strange
instance of ingratitude, that the "great embodi-
ment" who had so long held the party together,
whose principles were well known, should be de-
serted for General Taylor, who said he would not
be the " exponent of Whig principles." Did not
this look like the dissolution of the old Whig
party ?
Mr. KING, of Georgia, then obtained the floor,
and yielded to a motion by Mr. ROOT that the
House adjourn, which was rejected.
[Cries of " Let's finish the question to-day," and
confusion.]
Mr. KING remarked that he saw some restive-
ness on the part of the House, and although he
desired to say something upon the item for the
Savannah river and other subjects involved, he
would defer his remarks to some other occasion,
and, in accordance with the manifest wishes of the
House, propose to dispose of the question by mov-
ing to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to, and thus the civil
and diplomatic bill has finally passed the House,
(including the item for the Savannah river.)
TREATY OF PEACE,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked the unanimous
consent to take up and refer the President's mes-
sage announcing the treaty of peace. If the House
intended to act upon the subjects referred to in the
message, it was time it was divided among the re-
spective committees of the House, in order that
they might prepare the measures for the action of the
House, to enable them to despatch their business,
and be ready to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, inquired of the
gentleman whether the President had responded to
the resolutions of inquiry relative to the establish-
ment of territorial governments by the President,
and other subjects referred to in his message.
Objections were made to Mr. Cobb's proposal.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
undei the rule, nrid releired :
By Mr. CHAPMAN : Thr memorial of the heirs of the
late Jo^jua Johnson, of Maryland, asking for a settlement of
his account-? consul and i ommeicia) at London.
By Mi. WENTWORTH : The claim of Captain F. Sthaf-
fer, of Chicago, Illinois, for the reiunciii'g ol certain moneys
advanced l>y him when m the United Slates service.
By Mr. COLLINS: Additional affidavits to accompany
petition ofEdward Shep;xrd tor a pension.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 22, 1848.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of John
Lewis, a colored man of Philadelphia, asking that
the fifth section of the Oregon bill be so amended
as to strike out41 free white," so as to give the
colored citizens of the United States an equal ad-
vantage with all others.
The motion to receive was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report in the
case of Henrietta Beddinger.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of Leonard
Gray.
THE TERRITORIAL BILL.
Mr. CLAYTON called up the bill to establish
a Territorial Government in Oregon, New Mexico,
and California.
The bill having been read a second time, and
being under consideration as in Committee of the
Whole—■
Mr. CLAYTON said he did not intend to open
the debate on this bill with a long and tedious
speech, reserving the right, in the event of debate
being unavoidable, of replying at the close. He
hoped, however, that it would not be found im-
practicable to avoid debate. The bill would speak
for itself. The 12th section in the bill reported, is
similar to that reported by the Committee on Ter-
ritories, with some slight modification. This sec-
tion renders valid the laws now in force in Oregon,
subject to be changed by the legislative body of
the Territory, provided they are not incompatible
with this act or the Constitution of the United
States. The Territory of Oregon will have the
right to send a Delegate to Congress. Such power
is not conferred on the Territories of New Mexico
and California. In the case of Oregon, the Legis-
lature has the right to enact laws as specified,
while in the Territories of California and New
Mexico the powers are much more restricted.
In the committee, all other modes of compro-
mise entirely failed. He believed that no other
mode would be successful m the present Congress.
