988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
The bill leaves the entire question which is m dis-
pute to the Judiciary. There is no great principle
sacrificed. Any man who desires discord will
oppose the bill. But he who does not desire to
distract the country by a question merely political,
will be able, by voting for this bill, to refer the
whole matter to the Judiciary. In any case in
which it may be deemed important, any lawyer
can carry the question to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The compromise line of 36° 30' was voted down
in committee, in every form in which it was or
could be offered. To show how this line would
have operated, he referred to a return from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, giving
the superficies of the new States and Territories:
lying north oflatitude 36° 30', there are 1,599,240
square miles, or 1,023,515,0^0 acres; south of lati-
tude 36° 30', there are only 262,729 square miles,
or 168,140,560 acres: so that the territory noith of
the line will be four times as much as the territory
south of it. Some members proposed as a basis
the compromise line of 36° 30'; but it was op-
posed. He felt himself standing between Noith
and South, and standing ready to concihatc be-
tween both. He would say no more, but would
express the hope that so far as could be done with-
out infringing the right of free discussion, the bill
would be pressed to a vote as early as possible.
Mr. NILES said the main question had been
the question of the power ofCongtess to interfere
with the question of slavery. He wished to know
if that Senator regarded this bill as taking the
affiimative side of this question. He also desired
to know what was the compromise effected or ex-
hibited in the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON replied that this bill neither
affirms nor disaffirms the power, and herein con-
sists the compromise. If any Senator is opposed
to this compromise, let him stand up and say so.
Mr.NlLESsaid itappeared, then, that the com-
promise left the matter where it found it. It left
the question just as it was, as yielding all the
claims which* the advocates of slavery had put
forward.
Mi. CALHOUN repudiated any idea other than
an object national in its character, the harmony and
preservation of the Union. The South only looked
to the protection of its rights which it had deiived
from its ancestors.
Mr. NILES expressed his pleasure at hearing
this declaration. But he did not exactly compre-
hend the extent of the Senator's remark. He
thought the question of the right of the South to
carry property into the free States, was to be made
the subject of compromise. He expressed his
belief that the question might be compromised on
the principle of equality of rights between the
North and the South.
Mr. DICKINSON" explained his course in the
committee. They saw three great Territories be-
fore them. What was to be done to bring tlie&e
into the Union? Midsummer had passed, and
something was necessary to be done. A commit-
tee was appointed, and a bill was reported extend-
ing the Constitution and the laws over these Ter-
ritories without touching: the question of slavery.
Mr. NILES explained some parts of his obser-
vations previously made. The Senator from New
York seemed to approve of this bill, and this in ;
the face of a speech which he made early in the
session, a well-considered speech, in which he de-
nied the power of Congress to interfere with the
government of Temtorics. As the Senator had j
changed his tone on this question, there was some ;
hope that further change would ultimately bring \
him round to a correct position. He insisted that j
this hill is no compromise: it is no compromise at t
all. Yet it is not altogether negative; on one point ;
it is affirmative. It prohibits the inhibition of sla- i
veiy in the Territory. Was that nothing? He j
thought it most significant and most important. ]
He feared that when these Territories would come
and knock at our doors for admission as states m
the Union, the same difficulties might arise which
atose on the unt'ui tuiiate Missouii question. The
questions involved in this matter are before the
country and Congress, and they must be met now
or hereafter. He did not see how this bill was to
settle the question. The people, who are mtelh- |j
gent, and who know what the question is, \ull be_!]
apt to ask how it is settled? The Territory of j1
California, New Mexico, and Oregon, has come
into our hands free as God has made it. He did u
not expect anything beneficial from the committee;
but he certainly did not expect such a dodging,
such an evasion of the question as was evident in
the bill, which had cowardice stamped on it.
Mr. DICKINSON replied, and asserted that
there was no inconsistency in his course. He re-
ferred to the resolutions he had offered early in the
session, and stated that they sustained the Oregon
bill. He went for the freedom of Government,
not the freedom of the cut-throat. He would not
substitute the daggerand the rifle for the power of
the law. He complimented Mr. Calhoun*, and
all the members of the committee, for the proper
spirit which they brought into the discussion of
the bill.
Mr. COR WIN referred to the speeches of Mr.
Calhoun, which maintained that Congress had no
power to touch the question of slavery. Such,
also, was the argument of his friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien.] He wished to know if the com-
mittee made any investigation on the subject of
this power, and if so, to what result? He wished
to know if the committee believed that this question
could be carried to the Supreme Court by any law-
yer? He wished to know how the law relative to
fugitives could be executed? The Territorial judge
would be perplexed. The master would appeal to
the Constitution, according to the principle in this
bill; and if the slave was handed back to his mas-
ter, and he appealed to the Supreme Court, how
is the value of the property to be ascertained ? and
if the value of the slave is not §2,000, the case must
be decided by one of the Territorial judges, some
fifteen hundred miles from the seat of Government.
He consideied it a question worth looking after in
this noon of the nineteenth century, whether Cuffee
or his master was the light man ? He wished, also,
to know why New Mexico and California should
not be entitled to the same privileges of the other
two States?
Mr. CLAYTON explained, that the inhabitants
of New Mexico were not admitted to equal privi-
leges with Oregon, because they were too ignorant
for self-government,
Mr. PHELPS said, we came here for the pur-
pose of settling this by some legislative measure.
It was therefore competent to settle it here. Then
it was alleged that the Constitution was the only
authority to be regarded. It must, therefore, be
referred to the judicial power. It is not in the
power of Congress to interfere with the question.
The question as to the constitutionality of our
laws must be decided elsewhere. The committee
had, with a view to meet the difficulty, thought it
proper to refer the whole matter to the examination
and decision of the Supreme Court. The free
States conquered by us have been free from sla-
very, and slavery shall not be introduced there.
Such is the sentiment throughout the Eastern
States. The South seemed to think that there
was some combination against them; but this he
regarded as idle.
Mr. WESTCOTT put some questions relative
to the Legislature of the Teintory of Oregon, and
its power. He desired to know if the restriction
in the bill was intended to prevent the Legislature
from passing laws for the punishment of slaves?
Mr. PHELPS said he had suggested the pro-
hibitory clause. His motive was, not to leave tins
power to the nominees of the President, but only ;
to commit it to a legislative body.
Mr. WESTCOTT put his question in a more
simple shape.
Mr. PHELPS said he did not intend to make
any distinction between the slaves and the Indians.
It was intended to leave the question where the
Constitution placed it.
Mr. CALHOUN said the committee did not
pretend to settle the question. It was left wheie
the Constitution placed it.
Mr. NILES wished to know if the committee
thought this bill exhausted all the authority pos-
sessed by Congress. If not, how was the question
settled, when a bill could be at any time brought
in to disturb the subject?
Mr. BALDWIN remarked on the different fea-
tures in the bill in relation to theTenitory of Oie-
gon, and the Territories of California and New
Mcxico. Pie had formerly, when the Oregon bill
was under consideration, stated that he regarded
it as a national question, and hence he thought it
unwise to bring m the new Terutories in connec-
tion With it. He adverted at some length to the
grounds which were taken by the Senator from
South Carolina in the Oregon discussion, in his
exposition of the rights by which we held the Ter-
ritory. He thought there was no propriety in con-
necting a Territory to which the Missouri compro-
mise extended, in the same bill with Territories
which had subsequently become ours by conquest.
He thought it unjust to those who insist on the
Missouri compromise, to put these Territories side
by side. He moved to amend the bill by striking
out of the bill all after the twentieth section, being
l\ the part which relates to California and New
j! Mexico.
jj Mr. PIALE referred to instructions formerly
j given by the Legislature of New Hampshire, re-
|j questing the Senators, to vote against the m-
[i troduction of slavery into Oregon. These resolu-
}! tions passed in 1846, and might be regarded as
unworthy of regard, because it elected him; but
they had not been rescinded during the two Legis-
latures of 1847-'48. He stated that the Wilmot
proviso was the unanimous sentiment of the State,
and was the opinion of the Democracy of that
State, as set forth in the New Hampshire Patriot,
A No. 1. He was not afraid, therefore, but that he
would be sustained by his State.
He professed to have no confidence in the Su-
preme Court, as now constituted, and was unwill-
ing that that court should decide the question.
Again, the bill came short of the wishes of the
people, who, throughout the whole length and
breadth of the land, were demanding that slavery
should be abolished. The committee had done
nothing. The chairman had stated that they had
done nothing. They left the question to the laws
of God and the Constitution. Now, the Constitu-
tion was interpreted as variously as the Bible. The
Senator from South Carolina was for leaving the
matter to the Constitution, because, in his opinion,
the Constitution carries slavery with it. Another
construes the Constitution as meaning to secure
freedom. The client of the Senator from Vermont
abks how is this settled? "Oh, by the Constitu-
tion!" " Well, that is very well, but what does
the Constitution say?" " Oh, it is a Constitution
of freedom !" " Vety well, I am satisfied, as free-
dom is what I want." In the South the same
question is asked, and the citizen there is satisfied
because he is told that it carries slavery with it.
He alluded to the case before the Senate, of the
bill for an appeal to the Supreme Court, in certain
cases from the District of Columbia.
Mr. PHELPS asked if any one could find in
the Constitution any authority for the Supreme
Court hearing an appeal against taking out letters
of administration ?
Mr. HALE said that he would discuss that
when the proper time came. He went on to state
his objection more at large, as well as to state other
objections which he entertained against the bill.
The Senator from Delaware had produced a large
paper filled with figures so numerous, that his
imagination had nearly got swamped m it. He
did not know what these figures had to do with
the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON said he read the figures, not
with reference to this bill, but merely as matter of
illustration.
Mr. HALE said he did not discover any perti-
nence. But he had heard a remark from the Sen-
ator which had given him pain, because he usually
heard that Senator with pleasure and piofu; but
that Senator had said that any one who desired
discord m the country would oppose the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON disavowed any intention to use
the words in an offensive sense.
Mr. HALE was happy to hear it. But had it
been otherwise, such a charge would have no
weight with him. He repeated, that the commit-
tee had done nothing. The Senator from New
York said they had left the question where they
found it.
Mr. DICKINSON sajd he had stated that they
left the questions where ttiey found them.
Mr. HALE. "Well, then, they left all the ques-
tions where they found them. That is, the com-
mittee had done nothing; and if the Senate had
desired nothing to be done, there was no use in
appointing a committee to do it. He then pro-
ceeded to make some remaiks on the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Johnson*,] who pretended to speak
as the whole Democratic party, which he an-
nounced in a prefatory remark.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, explained, consid-
ering that injustice had been done to him.
