992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24.
He had now said all he desired. He wanted to
bring1 the attention of the House and of the coun-
try to this statement of the President, satisfied as
he was that the title of Texas was nothing more
than a paper declaration.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, next addressed
the IXouse. He maintained that the President's
message of to-day deserved moie examination than
any public document which for some time had
been laid before the House. It
was m many re-
spects a dangerous and disreputable document—
as much so as any message which had come from
a President of the United States. He said this in
no spirit of hostility, or with a desire to attack the
President of the United States; he spoke not in the
spirit of faction or of party, but as an American
citizen and as a representative of the people.
He proceeded to read extracts from the message
of the President to show the positions to which he
took exceptions, and commented upon them at
length; denying that the President of this Republic
had the power3 of a conquering monatch over the
territory which our army subdued—to abrogate law
and set up civil governments of his own—much
less could he concur with the President, that after
having established governments for the people of
the conquered country, and peace had been secured,
those countries were left in a state of anarchy, &c.
[See Appendix for speeches in full.] When Mr.
D. concluded—
Mr, KAUFMAN obtained the floor, but asked
for an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said, if the gen-
tleman was not prepared to go on now, there were
others who were.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired whether, if the
House should now adjourn, this would be the first
business to-morrow?
The SPEAKER said it would come up with
the business on the Speaker's table, but there was
another subject which preceded it in order. i
Mr. COBB, of Geoigia, proposed that the fur- j
ther consideration of this message be postponed to f
a day certain, and that in the mean while the mes- ,
sage and documents be printed. ]
Mr. STEPHENS suggested Thursday next. j
Mr. KAUFMAN suggested Wednesday. ;
Mr. COBB proposed that the order to print in-
clude the previous message, (with the treaty.)
Mr. STEPHENS moved that both be made the 1
special order for Thursday next, and that both !
messages and documents be printed. - j
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH objected; but after
some conversation, was understood to assent, and
the motion was agieed to.
So the Executive messages in relation to the new 1
Territories are made the special order for Thurs- ;
day next. j
Mr. VINTON asked that he might move a res- j
olution making the army appropriation bill the j
special order of the day for to-morrow. 1
* Mr. C. B. SMITH objected. I
Mi. VINTON moved to suspend the rules, that j
he might offer the resolution. !
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, said the object of the t
resolution was only to stave off the Oregon bill; and !
if it was not taken up now, it would not be reached |
this session. He therefore moved to adjourn.
After some conversation and confusion, the \
House refused to adjourn. I
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that Mr. Vix- !;
ton should include the Oregon bill in his resolu- !;
tion. This would end all difficulty. ii
Mr. VINTON said there lay the trouble in the
matter. If the Oregon bill came up, it might con- !j
sumo the residue of the session.
Mr. C. B. SMITH said it could be disposed of !|
in one day, and if it was not taken up now, it was 'j
lost for (his session. ;■
Mr. Vixtox's motion was rejected: Yeas 84, i-
nays G9. two-thirds not voting in the affirmative. jj
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that the bill for !!
the Florida, Alabama, and Georgia railroad, be 'I
taken out of Committee of the Whole on the state !
of the Union, and now acted on.
Objection being made, he moved to suspend the
rules; but pending that motion—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Movday, July 24, 1843-
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from ihe Treasury Department,
made in compliance with a resolution calling for
the number of officers now employed in the cus-
tom-house of Baltimore, and the number in 1845;
which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to tran-siint to the Seriate the proceedings of the two
Court.-* 0/ Inquiry in the case of Major General PjIIow—the
one commenced and U'limnated m Mextcp, and the other
commenced in Mexico and terminated 111 the United Slates.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
service of the United States, was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
TERRITORIAL BILL.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish
Territorial Governments in Oregon, California, and
New Mexico.
Mr. CLARKE being entitled to the floor, gave
way for a moment, and
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill in the fifth i
section, by striking out the words "free white,"
so as u shall read, "that every male inhabitant
above the age of twenty-one years," &c.
Mr. CLARKE stated that he regretted that he
had been appointed a member of the committee,
because the condition of his health, and other cir-
cumstances, rendered it peculiarly inconvenient for
him to attend. But while he was out of the Senate
Chamber he was elected a member, and he was
subsequently induced by his friends to forego his !
intention to ask to be excused. His health would j
not now permit him to address the Senate at any !
length, even if he could be assured of the propriety |
of taking up the time of this body, which he was i
not. He stated that the bill now reported received j
the sanction of six out of the eight members of the j
committee, two of the members (of whom he was !
one) objecting to it. His views, and the views of j
his State, (Rhode Island,) were decidedly against 1
: the introduction of slavery into a free State, and |
against the extension of slavery to any territory '
which we may have acquired by conquest. He i
| intended to move again m the Senate the amend- .
I ment which he had unsuccessfully proposed in
I committee. As far as he understood the opinion |
; of the committee, it was that the Territory of Ore-
| gon was m every sense a fiee Territory. O11 look- <
| ing over the bill, he found that this principle did '
j not seem to be sufficiently carried out in the con-
' struetion of the bill. He stated that it was his in-
tention to move an amendment to the sixth section
of the bill; the closing paragraph is: " All the laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly shall be sub-
mitted to the Congress of the United States, and j
if disapproved, shall be null and of no effect." To
this he moved to add a proviso, that no law on
the subject of slavery shall be in force until it shall
have received the approval of Congress.
The adoption of this proviso would satisfy his
mind that slavery would never be permitted to
exist in the Territory of Oregon. He thought that
by the adoption of this proviso, the bill would be
rendered acceptable to all parts of the Union.
Some doubts having existed as to the fact whether
slavery existed in Mexico at the time when the
Territories of California and New Mexico came
into our possession, he had found a decree pub-
lished by President Herrera, in which he. declares !
that slavery is abolished in Mexico, and all who !
were then slaves should become fiee, which he j
sent to the Secretary to be read, as also a subse- i
quent actconfirmmg the decree. This fact he pro- 1
posed to imbody in an amendment which he would '
submit to the 26th scction of the bill. It was urged
in committee, that on the Territories of California 1
and New Mexico coming into the possession of
the United States, every owner of a slave would
have aright to bring his property into the Terri- ■
tones. To this it was objected, that this beins; a 1
constitutional question, it should be referred to "the I
supreme court of the Territory, with an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States. To this
ellect he also proposed to submit an amendment
in the 24th section of the bill. He then referred
to the importance of this measure at a moment
when the public opinion throughout the Union was
so violently agitated on the question of slavery.
The resolutions of the Legislature of Rhode Island '
required of him to vote against the introduction of .
slavery into any free State. As the bill was now -
constructed, he could not give his assent to it. He !:
had reserved the right in committee to move mi
amendment to the bill. And ho asked that what
passed on the occasion might be read fiom the
journal of the committee.
Mr. BRIGHT produced a paper which he said
the Senator from Rhode Island had handed to him
after the bill had been reported. He did not un-
derstand that the Senator had objected to the report
of the committee.
Mr. BERRIEN thought the production of pa-
pers which related to the proceedings of the com-
mittee might be productive of great embarrassment
hereafter, if it should now be permitted.
Mr. FOOTE thought the Senator from Rhode
Island ought to be permitted to have the paper
produced and read.
Mr. CLARKE did not press his request; and
contented himself with making some explanations
as to what took place. He was desirous to place
himself in a correct position before his own State
and the country. If his amendments were adopted,
he thought it would remove the objections to the
bill in one section of the country, and, as far as he
could see, could not be objectionable to another.
Mr. MILLER rose to state his objections to the
bill; he objected to this triple alliance of two new
Territories, scarcely a month old, with the Terri-
tory of Oregon. Oregon is a native-born Territory,
and why was she to find herself, at her outset,
brought into such a connection ? He understood
the character of the people of Oregon, who were
mostly emigrants from our own States; but he did
not understand the character of the people of Cali-
fornia and New Mexico. He was prepared to give
his assent to a government for the former, but he
was not now prepared to give a government to the
. others. He desired more information on the sub-
ject, before he couid consider himself prepared to
give his vote. There was a sort of understanding
. that Texas and Oregon should be admitted to-
gether—Oregon as a free, Texas as a slave, State.
; Texas was admitted, and Oregon was kept knock-
' ing at our doors until arrangements could be ma-
tured for admitting her on the same footing. He
then proceeded to the consideration of the bill itself,
which had been reported as a compromise. He
showed the reasons which convinced his mmd that
it was, in fact, no such compromise as had been
expected. He referred to the debate which had
already taken place, on the power of Congress to
abolish slavery, in which it was strenuously denied
by the Senators from the southern Suites; yet, m
this bill there was an assumption of the power, in
the clause prohibiting the passage of any law which
abolishes slavery. Believing in this power, he was
not opposed to its exercise; but he was opposed to
its admission for the benefit of one part of the
Union, and not of the other: it was all on one side.
He had prepared an amendment providing- that the
laws now in existence in the Territories shall con-
tinue in force As to the inhibition of the Terri-
torial Legislatures in Mexico to pass any laws
respecting slavery, what did it mean but a prohibi-
tion of the passing of any laws abolishing slavery?
Slavery will, of course, go to California and New
Mexico, as there is 110 law there to prevent it. If
a person takes his slave there, and his property is
taken, and he appeals to the Supreme Court, the
court will probably decide, that as Congress has
passed no law prohibiting slavery there, slavery
may exist there. And while the question remains
undecided, the slave will stand on the same footing
with his master—under the protection of the Con-
stitution—and strife and bloodshed may ensue. He
alluded to the difficulty winch would stand in the
way of any slave who desired to briiiir his case, by
a writ of habeas corpus, before a judicial tribunal
for decision: he illustrated this by the case of the
agent of the Slate of Massachusetts, who was sent
to Charleston, South Carolina, for the purpose of
testing the constitutionality of the law where lie
could have no lawyer to aid him, and was himself
imprisoned, and then compelled to leave the St-ite.
Air. BREESE. If the Senator of New Jer-
sey will allow me, I will a^k him if the question of
servitude could not be brought before the Supreme
Court of the United States, very readily, by an
action, by the slave, of assault and battei y and false
imprisonment. In the State which he (Mr. B.)
had the honor in pait to represent, the question of
freedom or slavery could not be tried on the return
to a writ of habeas coipus. If the pruty holding
the petitioner for the writ, returned upon it that
he was held as a slave, the question cannot be tried
