1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
but he wished all discussion to be in its own ap-
propriate place. If gentlemen would only say all
they wanted to say at the right time and in the right
place, the House could get through all the business
it had to do, and would do it better.
The civil and diplomatic bill had been for weeks
before the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union 
Mr. GENTRY here interposed, and said he
could not perceive the relevancy of the gentleman's
remarks.
Mr. EVANS said he would soon see, if he^as
attentive.
He had been saying that the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill had been before the committee
three weeks, perhaps four, and yet all that had
been said on the merits of that bill, or on anything
it contained, had not occupied in all more than
three or four days, and was almost all of it said
under this five-minutes rule when amendments
were offered.
Mr. E. hoped the resolution would be recommit-
ted, with instructions to the committee to report a
rule somewhat like what he would send to the
Clerk's table to be read for information.
Mr. EVANS asked leave to offer the following
resolution; which was ruled out of order:
Resolvedy That the report just made by the Committee on
Rules be recommitted to that committee, and that it be in-
stiucted to report to this House such rule or rules as may be
necessary to provide that in debates in the Commitee of the
Whole on the statfc of the Union, every member addressing
the committee shall confine himself to the question, and
shall not discuss the state of the Union generally, or sp^ak
otherwise than to the question then under debate: And Re-
solved further, That the said committee he discharged from
the further consideration of the subject of the the thirty-
fourth rule, commonly known as the five-minutes' rule.
After a suggestion by Mr. HOUSTON, of Ala-
bama—
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, spoke in opposi-
tion to the rulcj and in favor of its repeal. If, in-
deed, the rule could have been carried into effect
according; to its true intent and the purposes and
views of the committee who had proposed it, he be-
lieved it might be of great use. It allowed each
member who offered an amendment to speak five
minutes in explaining its nature, object, and effect:
if the rule as administered could be limited to this,
it might be very useful. But how had it been
abused ? "Were gentlemen restricted to the nature,
object, and effect of the amendments they offered?
No: they moved anything they liked in the shape
•of an amendment, and then made Buncombe
speeches for home consumption; and this had been
carried on for weeks. A humbug proposition was
made to amend, and when a man had said all he
could in the five minutes, he withdrew his amend-
ment, and his neighbor went through the same
form and for the same object: made a harangue to-
tally foreign to the bill or'to the amendment he had
offered, and then withdrew it.
Mr. S. said, for himself, he had been for the
most of the session among the silent members.
He had occupied but very little of the time of the
House in debate. His object had been to do the
business of the country, and to go home. But, in-
stead of this, the time had been taken up by hum-
bug party speeches to bear on the Presidency.
When his young friend who had just resumed his
seat had been here as many years as Mr. S. had,
he would not be quite so confident that a rule of
the House would not be abused.
Yesterday, a resolution had been introduced to
adjourn the session, although an immense amount
of business remained on the docket; and, under
these circumstances, his young friend wanted more
liberty of speech. For one, Mr. S. did not want
to hear any more speeches than were made now.
Let gentlemen do the business; and let them say
what tliev wanted to say about Mr. Cass and
General Taylor to the people, face to face, and
not to that House, to get them reported and sent
abroad.
Mr. ASI-IMUN asked Mr. S. whether he would
not move the previous question ?
Mr. SMITH said he would.
Mr. COLLAMER. What! is not your speech
to he answered ?
Mr. VINTON, amidst great confusion, moved
to amend the resolution so as, instead of abolish-
ing the rule altogether, to suspend it during the
residue of the present session.
Mr. Y. said, that if gentlemen, when in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
would but confine their discussions to the matter
of the bills before them, then this five-minutes rule
might be dispensed with. But it was notorious
that, most especially during the present session,
thesubject regularly before the committee had been
totally lost sight of. Although the civil and diplo-
matic bill had been three or four weeks in commit-
tee, there had not, with the exception of one
speech by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hil-
ltard,] on the rank of ambassador, and the reply
to that speech by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,] the first word been
spoken on the subject-matter of the bill.
Mr. JENKINS asked how the honorable chair-
man himself could explain his several amendments
to the bill from his own Committee of Ways
and Means if this five-minutes rule should be re-
scinded ?
Mr. VINTON, resuming, said that the practi-
cal effect of this state of things was, that the real,
practical examination and discussion of the merits
of the bill commenced just when the general de-
bate upon it closed, and gentlemen began to speak
and act under this five-minutes rule. Before this,
gentlemen consumed the time in talking about
everything in the world but what was in the bill.
If this five-minutes rule should be repealed, the j
House would have to take, in a great measure, ;
upon trust, all that was done by the Committee of |
Ways and Means, and the other standing com- j
mittees. This would, in effect, make a majority j
of the Committee of Ways and Means despotic; j
yes, absolute despots over between twenty and !
thirty millions of public money every year. No '
explanations could be given or received, but the ;
members must " go it blind."
Mr. BAYLY said, as he considered this as a
proposition designed to expedite the business of
the House, he wished to make a few remarks on
the good faith of gentlemen on the other side of
the House on thot subject. They had offered a
resolution for adjourning'on the 7th of August
next, leaving the House but twelve legislative daijs
to close the session, while nine-tenths of the pub-
lic business was still on the table; and yet, no
sooner had they passed this resolution, than a gen-
tleman on that side commenced and launched out
into a general discussion on the politics of the day.
That great question, which had so ominous a
bearing on the harmony of the Union, remained j
still unadjusted. And could any patriot in the ,
land be without an earnest desire to see that ques- !
tion put to rest3 |
The CHAIR here called Mr. B. to the question j
before the House. I
Mr. BAYLY supposed that by showing that, j
instead of desiring to expedite business gentlemen ,
were keepingopen questions for political and party
purposes, his remarks were germane to the geneial
subject.
The SPEAKER thought not, and so ruled.
Mr. POLLOCK moved the previous question.
Mr. ROOT wanted him to withdraw it; but he
refused to consent.
Mr. ROOT, with some warmth, inquired wheth-
er they were to be gauged in this manner? and
expressed the hope that the previous question
would be voted down.
The question being put on seconding the previ-
ous question, it was decided m the affirmative:
Ayes 71, noes 54.
The question then recurring on Mr. VixroN-'b
amendment, to suspend the five-minutes rule during
the residue of the session—
Mr. COLLAMER moved that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table; which was carried, by
yeas and nays: Yeas 107, nays 6*2.
So the whole subject of repealing and suspend-
ing the five-minutes rule was laid on the table.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the select committee on
the subject of the tobacco trade with Europe, re-
ported a joint resolution concerning the same, ac-
companied by a report.
The resolution was read and committed, and,
together with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHAPMAN also reported the views of the
minority of the same committee on the same sub-
ject. Committed.
After various suggestions and inquiries—
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved that the
House proceed to consider the business on the
Speaker's table,
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved that the Houss
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, which latter motion had prece-
dence; but, before any question was taken, these
motions were withdrawn at the request of
f Mr. VINTON, who made a report from the
; Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
1 of the two Houses of Congress on the bill making
j appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
! pensesofthe Indian department, and fulfilling treaty
! stipulations with the Indian tribes, for the year
! ending June 30, 1849.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then, under the operation of the previous question,
agreed to.
It having been previously agreed to by the Sen-
ate, the bill stands passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1849, reported the same back to the
House, recommending a concurrence in some, and
a non-concurrence in other, of the amendments.
Committed.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Morehead, of Kentucky, m the chair.)
After disposing of a point of order, which was
raised by Mr. Ficklix, as to the priority of busi-
ness, the committee took up the amendments of
the Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
The first four amendments of the Senate were
agreed to nem. con.
The fifth amendment of the Senate provides that
the contractor for carrying the mails from Panama
to Astoria shall stop at the ports in California, and
provides further that the line of steamers provided
in the contract with A. G. Sloo, shall stop, going
and returning, at Charleston and Savannah.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in this amendment, with
the insertion of the words " if practicable" after
the word " Charleston."
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, opposed the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Some conversation and explanations followed,
by Messrs. VINTON, KING of Georgia, BURT,
HUDSON, and HOUSTON of Alabama.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CABELL moved an amendment to make
Key West one of the stopping places for the Pa-
nama steamers. Rejected.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was agreed
to.
The sixth amendment of the Senate strikes out
the fifth section of the hill, which increases the
money commutation allowed for the spirit ration
in the navy to six cents per ration. It was disa-
greed to.
The seventh, eighth, ninth, and eleventh amend-
ments of the Senate were read (new sections) and
agreed to.
The tenth amendment of the Senate so modifies
the proviso to the act of August 4, 1849, (which
proviso limits the number of midshipmen to the
number that were in service on the 1st of January,
1842,) as to authorize the increase of the number
to 464.
The Committee of Ways and Means so recom-
mending, this amendment was disagreed to.
The twelfth amendment of the Senate suspends
the provision in the fourth section of the act of
March 3, 1845, which provides that not more than
one hundred and eighty passed nudidiipmen shall
: receive the pay allowed passed midshipmen, until
! the classes of 1641 and 1842 shall be examined and
the rank established among those who shall pass
, their examination.
! The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
1 mended a disagreement to this amendment.
! Some discussion took place on tins amendment,
! in which Messrs. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania,
i KING of Georgia, BROWN of Pennsylvania,
TOOMBS,ATKINSON, VINTON,and WLAT-
WORTH participated. The amendment was dis-
agreed to. , ,
All the amendments having been ao.le l on, the
I bill was laid aside to be reported to the Mouse.
I THE OREGON BILL.
| The bill to establish the Territorial Government
i of Oregon was next taken up.
J Mr. HARRIS, who was entitled to the floor,
