1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
bat had presided over its deliberations. Still an-
other, (General Chapman,) to my certain knowl-
edge, had been regarded as a skillful party leader
ten years before that time. Who was the prede-
cessor of my friend from the Buckingham district,
[Mr. Bocock] ? No less a man than Colonel Hub-
ard, who had for a good while been a member of
this House, and was as wise as he is modest. My
colleague from the Wheeling district cannot be
classed "with us youths,55 and he had distin-
guished himself in the Legislature of Virginia
many years before he came to Congress, as had
the then Representative from the Albemarle dis-
trict, (Mr. Leake,) who made such a strong im-
pression upon this body. There were but three
of my then colleagues (Messrs. Tredway, Seddon,
and Bedinger) who had not had large experience
in politics, and they had been for years distin-
guished members of a profession which usually
makes men keen-sighted 111 the affairs of life. In a
word, sir, all of my then colleagues were men of
ability and experience, and I am quite sure that I
was the only member from Virginia who was en-
titled to be considered " unsophisticated;" and I
continued so from the inveteracy of the trait in
my character, in despite of ten consecutive years'
•employment in public life.
But enough of this. The Democratic portion
of the Virginia delegation were not united on the
occasion referred to, as might be inferred from the
gentleman's statement. Gn the contrary, we were
divided six to eight. With these facts, which are
notorious, and which are attested by the records
of Congress, before him, where did the gentleman
find authority to-say that fourteen out of fifteen of
the Virginia delegation were "assembled at mid-
night waiting anxiously the result of the conver-
sation" with Mr. Calhoun, and, after hearing jt,
replied, "we perhaps see in it our doom, but we
will stand by him?"
I only rose to vindicate the Virginia delegation
from the injurious account of their proceedings
given by the gentleman from South Carolina, and
not to vindicate the President against equally inju-
rious, and, as I believe, equally unfounded assaults
^ipon him. And, such being my purpose, I shall
make no further reference to that part of his speech
than the expression of opinion I have just given.
The committee then rose, and reported their ac-
tion on the amendments of the Senate to the navy
appropriation bill, and progress on the bill to estab-
lish a territorial government in Oregon.
The House proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the Senate to the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the action of the Committee of the Whole
was concurred in.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
TuksdaYj July 25, 1848.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from Captain
Theodore Lewis, of the Louisiana volunteers, ask-
ing that bounty land might be allowed them; which
was ieferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. D. stated that these volunteers had been re-
tained in Louisiana by the express command of
their officers, and hence were not entitled to their
land bounty under the proviso that it should be
given only to those who had marched to the seat
of war. Mr. D. invoked the attention of the Mil-
itary Committee to this case, which he conceived
one of peculiar hardship, and expressed the hope
that a bill might be reported extending to them the
munificence of the Government.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from F. F. Aid-
rich, inventor of a new mode of propelling steam
vessels intended for steam navigation, which he
claims to be superior in alhespectsto any hitherto
discovered or known, and asking that the Secretary
of the Navy may be allowed to contract for the
building of a war steamer of seven hundred or one
thousand tons burden. He says the steamer shall
be superior in every respect for sea service to any
heretofore built by or for the United States. No
money to be advanced, until finished, and found to
fulfill the conditions. The whole price not to ex-
ceed POO,000. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a letter from Dr.
Mayo, in relation to authorizing the Committee on
the Library to purchase the work of Dr. M. rela-
tive to the operations of the Treasury Department;
which was referred to the Commitee on the Li-
brary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of money due to certain Creek Indians; which
was read a first time.
Mr. MANGUM, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations,reported a bill for the relief of John
B. Hogan; which was read a first time.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following House bill with an
amendment: An act in addition to an act entitled
" An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the
reserved townships in Gibson county, in the State
of Louisiana," approved 11th August, 1842.
Mr. BREESE, from the same committee, re-
ported the bill to modify the clause of the 7th sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to enable the people
of Wisconsin Territory to form a Constitution and
State Government for the admission of such State
into the Union," approved 6th August, 1846, with
several amendments. ■
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private !
Land Claims, reported a bill to facilitate the entry i
of preemption claims, accompanied by a report.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. ATHERTON,from the Committee on Con-
ference, made a report relating to the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill makmgappro-
priations for the Indian Department; which was
concurred in.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendments of
the House to the bill renewing certain naval pen-
sions for the term of five years, and extending the
benefits of existing laws respecting naval pensions
to engineers, firemen, and coal-heavers in the navy,
and to their widows, made a report recommending
that the Senate disagree to the same; which was
concurred in.
RESOLUTION'S.
On motion of Mr. BPEESE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Senate what amount, if any, of unexpended balances of foi-
mer appropriations for the surveys ot the public lands, are
on hand and available for that purpo-se fnr the present fiscal
year; and whether, if there be any such unexpended balances,
they are or not liable to be absorbed in payment of coutt acts
for the public suiveys heretofore made; and if the same, or
any part of the same, enn be applied to the payment of con-
tracts hereafter to be made.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to mquiie into the expediency of authorizing the
Pievident of,the United States to detail a competent pay-
master of the army, who shall keep his office at the seat of
Government, and who<e duty it shall be to examine and ad-
just a!i the claims presented by the officers and soldiets of
the late war, foi pav, mileage, and other allowances, and for
the extra pay granted them undei the act of July ly, lb*18.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY,
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of extending the provisions
of the 8th section of chapter 34, of the 1st session of Ihe 6th
Congtess, panting pensions to officers, seamen, and ma-
rine1*, disabled in the line of their duty, to cases where such
disability occurred prior to the passage of said act.
TERRITORIAL BILL.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to procecd to the con-
sideiation of the bill to establish Territorial Gov-
ernments in Oregon, New Mexico, and California.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, that when he went
into the committee, he did not doubt the power of
Congress over the subject of the government of
Territories. Without it, officers in the employ of
the public could not be protected in the perform-
ance of their duties. Congress had always ex-
ercised the power to legislate on the subject. On
going into the committee, his first object was, to
effect a compromise ori the basis of the Missouri
line, amended so as to adapt it to the new Territo-
ries. In this he had failed. He then explained
his proposition at length. With some few restric-
tions, he proposed to leave the legislative bodies
free to act on all subjects. He thought this would
have been satisfactory everywhere. The people of
the Territories would have been gradually trained
for admission into the Union. A free choice was
left to them to choose the institutions of the South
or of the North. Why should either section of our
country, North or South, interpose to prevent it?
Why should they, who are strangers to the pecu-
liar institutions which prevail, tell the people where
they are what is best for their interests? He
regarded it as our true policy to let slavery alone.
Climate and population are continuing to drive
slavery further and further to the south, to the lati-
tude where free labor could not flourish. He read
a number of extracts from a pamphlet in his hands,
showing, that in the first stage after the introduc-
tion of slavery, the increase of slaves is great; in
the second stage, the white population increases in
an equal ratio with the slaves; and in the third
stage, the slave race diminishes rapidly. All this
proved the assertion, that climate and population
would banish slavery from the northern latitudes.
He recommended these facts to the consideration
of abolitionists, and entreated them to suffer the
conviction to enter their minds, that their truest
policy was to leave the institution to take the course
to which climate and population impelled it.
The policy of the North was calculated to let the
slaves in the South loose on society; and the effect
of this state of things would be, the neglect of
cultivation, and distress and starvation among the
slaves themselves. He had been always opposed
to the rule of the House which prohibits the dis-
cussion of the subject. It would please him better
to let free discussion go on, so that the South may
be able to hear what it is that the Noith intend, or
ask.
Alluding to the recent events in France, he
stated that the flag of the "CEuvriers" bore on it
the inscription, "If victorious, pillage; if van-
quished, conflagration;" and if this was the spirit
which prevailed where there was no prejudice
against castes, how much more outrageous a course
might be anticipated in the event of a sudden and
simultaneous emancipation of the slaves ? He spoke
of the advantages of colonization, which had been
assailed from its outset; and suggested, that the
system might be improved by declining the export-
ation of the aged and infirm, and leaving it to the
young of both sexes, who might be emancipated
by purchase. The money which had been ex-
pended in the Mexican war would have been suffi-
cient to buy out all the slaves of the Union. He
had no apprehensions for the Union, be this ques-
tion settled as it may. But supposing that it was
dissolved, or that the seat of government were
established on the banks of the Ohio: this prox-
imity would draw numbers of these slaves from
Kentucky, and difficulties will be constantly rising.
These considerations ought to induce all sec-
tions of the country to unite for the passage of
a compromise. To show that the North was in
some degree dependent on the South, he referred
to the annual commercial report of the acting Sec-
retary of the Treasury on the commerce and navi-
gation of the country. He replied to some of the
arguments advanced by Mr. Corwin, and insisted
that these appeals to the passions of men, such as
we had been listening to yesterday, were calcu-
lated to feed the prejudices of the people, and to
mislead their judgment. The true question is, by
what right do the northern States refuse to permit
the master of a slave to bring in his property with
him?
He complained that the northern States, by ex-
cluding the slaves of the South, assumed an au-
thority which the South was condemned to feel
acutely. When he returned to his constituents,
they would inquire of him as to the condition of
the new countries, whether they were fit for occu-
pation, and with what prospect of success emi-
grants might venture thither. He regretted that
the answer he should be bound to give would be
of a character to disappoint their hopes. He de-
clined to go into an argument which would bebet-
;i ter reserved for the Supreme Court, whenever a
ji case of appeal shall be made out for its decision,
sj He had determined at present to keep his mind
jl open to conviction, until the argument shall be got
\'> through. . . .
I1 On the subject of the Presidential election, he
:1 adverted to the change which was likely to be
i made in the character of the next representation m
I1 Congress after the next census shall have been
' taken. Delaware is rapidly approximating to a
non-slaveholding State, and the strength of the
States of that description is increasing so rapidly,
that shortly they will be able to overcome the veto
power. At this moment, efforts are being made
to compel one of the candidates for the next Pres-
idency to pledge himself against the interposition
of the power of the veto. He warned the North
against pursuing any longer a course which was
