1000
have some disposition made of this bill, in order
that the session might be brought to a close. Ac- !
cording to present appearances, it seemed as if the ;
session was about to reverse the order of nature, !
"that all earthly things must have an end." It'
was not likely that this bill would be disposed of ,
without a night session, and we might as well sit ;
to-night as to-morrow night. j
Mr. U.PHA3V1 said, if it was intended to press j
this important measure through with such precip- i
itancy, it was the most extraordinary course he I
had ever witnessed. No Senator could be more !
desirous than himself to bring the session to a I
close; but he owed it to his constituents and to
himself to give his views on the bill. He had not
been very eager to obtain the floor, for he always
felt a reluctance to enter into a competition to catch
the attention of the Chair, and, therefore, others
had obtained the opportunity, when he desired to
speak. He thought it hard, however, that while
some of the friends of the measure had spoken
twice and thrice, he should be compelled to ad-
dress the Senate, in the evening, when every man
was worn down and exhausted. His state of health
did not permit him to do this. He did not often
address the Senate, and when he did, it was with
great brevity. To others he had listened with
great pleasure, and he did not think it unreason-
able, if he claimed for himself a hearing on a sub-
ject of such great importance, in which not only
his own constituents, but the whole of the non-
slaveholding community, were so deeply inter-
ested.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped that his fiiend from
Vermont would have ample opportunity to ad-
dress the Senate during the day. He was per-
fectly satisfied that there was no disposition among
the friends of the bill to prevent any Senator from
beino; heard. But it was very desirable to have
the bill disposed of in one way or another, and
without delay. Congress had been already in ses-
sion nearly eight months, and every one must see I
the propriety of bringing it to a close. He ex- I
pressed his willingness to vote for the resolution. '
Mr. MANGUM asked if it was reasonable that
a question of such immense magnitude, and which
was presented to Congress in an entirely new as-
pect, should be thus precipitated to a decision
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 26,
the motion being: agreed to, the Senate resumed the
debate on the bill.
! was no way so likely to be satisfactory as the ref-
"Tiu. ,„ i- , • , . erence °f 'he matter to the Supreme Court. Ex-
.the question pending being on the motion of - citable as southern men are reputed to be, they had
Mr. Hale, to strike from the fifth section the words
" free white"—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, who had the ;
floor, yielded for a moment, and—
Mr. WALKER gave notice of an amendment
which he proposed to offer to the sixth section,
which was, to strike out the words " nor shall the
lands or other property of non-residents be taxed
higher than the lands or other property of resi-
dents. " i
There was great interest and excitement through- !■
nilt thf> Mrlioio I4^ 41.' , il *eiol
out the whole country, in relation to this subject; j
and he should exceedingly regret to see it pressed
through when the Senate was in a complete state
of exhaustion. Many members were in an en-
feebled state of health, and could not endure a late
sitting; and to urge the measure, under such cir-
cumstances, seemed to be a denial of their rights.
It was veiy well to say it was desirable to termi-
nate the session, and all that—and all that! But
he would say to Senators, there was a prodigious
excitement throughout the country, and we shall
be held responsible for the consequences of haste
or error. Still, he was ready to acquiese in the
decision of the Senate; but he would again suggest
that it would be unwise to precipitate the measure,
without allowing proper time for deliberation and
discussion.
Mr. HANNEGAN contended that this was no
new principle which was under consideration. It
was the same that had been before the country for
three years. The subject had been exhausted,
and he was exhausted, and he thought the Senate
must be wearied.
Mr. NILES said, he supposed this resolution
constituted a part of the much talked-of compro-
mise, in which the bill was said to have been
framed. It was all of apiece—a compromise en-
tirely for the benefit of one party, while the other
was to take nothing. One party here, relying on
its numerical strength, had magnanimously come
to a conclusion that no one should be permitted to
debate the question, except those who were friendly I
to the bill, and in this spirit, even on the day when '
the bill was introduced, it was attempted to press '•
it through. Now, he believed it was the usual
pia.'tice, whenever a majority had determined to
push a bill through, and " to sit it out," that they |
carefully refrained from taking any part in the de- 1
bate themselves. '
.Mr. HANNEGAN. Will the Senator allow '
me? I withdraw the resolution. I withdraw it, '
sir. Anything to stop debate, and prevent further j
delay. [
Mr. CLAYTON then moved that the Senate I
resume the consideration of the Territorial bill; and !
I j Mr. JOHNSON resumed , in explanation of cer-
i tain amendments which he intended to offer, and
in illustration of his views generally on the subject.
; He was not disposed to vote for the bill, unless he
j could be perfectly satisfied that the cases of appeal
I could be brought to the Supreme Court. The first
j twenty sections of the bill relate to the Territory
of Oregon, the next seven refer to California, and
! the remaining nine concern New Mexico. He
! drew a distinction between the Territory of Oregon
| and the other Territories, as to the character" of
their population. Oregon was already a portion
of the old Confederacy, peopled by citizens either
j natives of the United States, or well acquainted
j with the laws and customs of the country. He
! went on to remark on the provisions in the bill for
: the government of these different Territories, legis-
lative and judicial. The powers of these depart-
! ments he thought sufficient for the purpose. The
writ of habeas corpus being a common law writ,
. it may be issued by any of the judges.
It was owing to the difference's of opinion in the
i Senate as to the existence of the power in Congress
to control the question of slavery that the subject
i was referred to the special committee, with a view
to a compromise. It became necessary to report
a bill embracing all the Territories, which had met
with the disapproval of a portion of the Senate.
It was to quiet the agitation which shakes the
country to its centre, that the question was referred ,
to a committee to prepare a compromise.
If a stranger was now to come among us and to
be told that we had three millions of slaves in our
midst, and that this question which now agitates
the Senate was as to the propriety of uniting in a
ence of all the difficulties arising out of such ;
condition of things to our common Constitution, he
would be struck aghast at the idea that there were
some who were opposed to the proposition. He
(Mr. J.) thought the step taken the wisest that
could have been selected. He had intended, how-
ever, had he not been anticipated by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Brioht,] to submit an amend-
ment adopting the line of the Missouri compro- !
mise. I
He glanced at the course taken by the Senators :
who had spoken in opposition to the bill, and stated j thousand times rather would her children yield
on this question acted with a moderation which
proved that their character had been misunder-
stood. They were mostly slaveholders, and they
, had sat in silence wmle one Senator had charged
them with being Hotspurs in hnman flesh; while
the Senator from Ohio had said that the institution
of slavery had its origin in blood, and rapine, and
robbery. That Senator had gone so far as to say
I that if the slaveholders were not damned, it would
i' be not because they did not merit it, but that God
in his mercy would pardon them for their i°-no-
' ranee, because they knew not what they did.
Mr. COR WIN said he was satisfied that he had
\ used no such expression. He had spoken at great
| disadvantage, but his memory held no such lan-
j guage.
j Mr. JOHNSON persisted that language of this
; kind, or something very like it, had been used. It
I struck his ear too painfully for him to mistake.
Mr. BERRIEN said the words, as they struck
his ear, were to the effect that slaveholders would
be punished but for their ignorance—they knew
not what they did.
Mr. COR WIN said he might have used some
such expression as to slave-dealers, but certainly
not to slaveholders.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed himself perfectly
satisfied.
Mr. JOHNSON rejoiced that the painful im-
pression had been removed from his mind. He
then proceeded to show, that from the character of
the Supreme Court, he was sure the compromise
in this particular would be acquiesced m by the
country. He adduced the fact, that while states-
men, politicians weie found differing on a subject,
the Supreme Court was unanimous. On the sub-
ject of the right of a State to levy duties on im-
ports and tonnage, advocated by the Senator from
South Carolina, there could be no doubt that the
decision of the Supreme Court would be unanimous
against him. On the question of the constitution-
ality of the United States Bank, while Congress
was deciding one way, the court was unanimously
the other way. The members of the Supreme
Court were not politicians. They were born in a
different atmosphere, and they addressed them-
selves to different hearers. Politicians were al-
ways differing and disputing—one taking this side
of a question, and another taking an opposite view,
all equally honest. How desirable, then, in a case
of such importance as this, to call in a third party,
rather than that we should be driven to despair—
above all, to bloodshed. We are ready to yield
enough; do not ask for more. It ought not to be
expected that the South shall surrender all that is
dear to her, and do the bidding of the North. Ten
that the tone in which their opinions were given
! proved that they were honest, and ready to sup-
! port their sentiments to the death, and that it was
insulting to the South, although any intention to
insult was distinctly disavowed. The stand which
the North had taken from the first was too insult-
ing to the South to permit any prospect of union;
and it was in this state of things that the commit-
tee was appointed and the bill reported, this being
the only mode in which they could hope for any
extrication from this difficulty. He made a sharp
criticism on the language he attributed to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. ComviN,] that a majority of
the Supreme Court coming from the South, would
be likely to vote one way.
Mr. CORWIN explained this expression attrib-
uted to him, which he disavowed in its offensive
sense, and expressed his high respect for the mem-
bers of that tribunal.
Mr. JOHNSON resumed, asserting that this
appeal to the Supreme Court was the only amica-
ble mode of adjusting a question winch threatened
the honor and the interests of the South. He did
not speak as a slave owner; he did not hold a
slave, and he never expected to hold one. The
few he once had came to him by inheritance, and
he had long since manumitted them. He was glad
he had done so then, for the interference of the
abolitionists would have prevented him from doing
it now. He cared not what effect this movement
their lives. They are willing to adopt the appeal
i to the Supreme Court, and if the decision of that
court be against them, they will be satisfied.
! He was not the advocate of slavery itself; he
never had been so. lie would rejoice to see the
i institution at an end; and it was with sincere re-
\ gret he admitted that it was the agitation which
I had been stirred up m the North which had alone
■ prevented the friends of freedom from emanci-
i pating the slaves in Maryland. He alluded to
; Connecticut, from which State the compromise
; was opposed, as having scarcely become a free
, State.
! Mr. BALDWIN stated that there had been but
' a very few slaves there.
Mr. JOHNSON. Connecticut, then, only sinned
■ a little. As he understood it, they kept them until
they became too old for use, and died out. The
Senator from Connecticut might thenha\ea little
chaiity for Maryland.
Mr. BALDWIN said he had a great deal.
Mr. JOHNSON said, a great deal, indeed. She
would take all, and allow nothing to the other side.
So in Ohio, where free negroes were treated as
. slaves.
[A sort of colloquial debate took place, in which
' Mr. BALDWIN, Mr. DIX, Mr. JOHNSON,
■ Mr. DOUGLAS, and Mr. DAYTON, took part,
which could only be partially heard.]
Mr. JOHNSON resumed. The Senator from
j might have upon the political prospects of either Ohio had complained that California was three
I the candidates for the Presidency, so that an thousand miles from Washington, and no slave
; amicable and permanent adjustment of the contro- ' could find means to employ a lawyer to carry up
■ versy on this subject might be produced. There / his case. He would reply to this, that there could
