1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
direct; and at all subsequent elections, the time,
places, and manner of holding the elections, shall
be prescribed by law. The person having the
greatest number of votes shall be declared by the
Governor to be duly elected, and a certificate thereof
shall be given accordingly.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted) That allsuits,
process, and proceedings, civil and criminal, at
law and in chancery, and all indictments and in-
formations, which shall be pending and undeter-
mined in the courts established by authority of the
provisionalgovernmentof Oregon, within the limits
of said Territory, when this act shall take effect,
shall be transferred to be heard, tried, prosecuted,
and determined in the district courts hereby estab-
lished, which may include the counties or districts
where any such proceedings may be pending. All
bonds, lecogmzances, and obligations of every
kind whatsoever, valid under the existing laws
within the limits of said Territory, shall be valid
under this act; and all crimes and misdemeanors
against the laws in force within said limits, may
be prosecuted, tried, and punished in the courts
established by this act; and all penalties, forfeit-
ures, actions, and causes of action, may be re-
covered, under this act, the same as they would
have been under the laws in force within the limits
composing said Territory, at the time this act shall
go into operation.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That all jus-
tices of the peace, constables, sheriffs, and all other
judicial and ministerial officers, who shall be in
office within the limits of said Territory when this
act shall take effect, shall be and they are hereby
authorized and required to continue to exercise and
perform the duties of their respective offices as
officers of the Territory of Oregon temporarily, and
until they, or others, shall be duly appointed and
qualified to fill their places in the manner herein
directed, or until their officcs shall be abolished.
Sec. 17. And be it fmther enacted, That the sum
of five thousand dollars be and the same is heieby
appropriated, out of any moneys in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended by and
under the direction of the said Governor of the
Territory of Oregon, m the purchase of a library,
to be kept at the seat of Government for the use of
the Governor, Legislative Assembly, Judges of the
Supreme Court, Secretary, Marshal, and Attorney
of said Territory, and such other persons, and un-
der such regulations, as shall be prescribed by law.
Sec. 18. Jind be it farther enacted, That when the
lands m the said Territory shall be surveyed, un-
der the direction of the Government of the United
States, preparatory to bringing the same into mar-
ket, sections numbered sixteen and thirty in each
township in said Territory shall be and ihe same
are hereby reserved for the purpose of being ap-
plied to schools in said Territory, and in the States
and Territoiies hereafter to be erected out of the
same.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That, tempo-
rarily, and until otherwise provided by law, the
Governor of said Territory may define the judicial
districts of said Ten itory, and assign the judges j
who may be appointed for said Territory to the ,
several districts, and also appoint the times and J
places for holding courts in the several counties or j
subdivisions m each of said judicial districts, by |
proclamation to lie issued by him; but the Legis- i
lative Assembly, at their first or any subsequent t
session, may organize, alter, or modify such judi- ,
cial districts, and assign the judges, and alter the |
time and places of holding the courts, as to them j
shall seem proper and convenient. j
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the sum j
often thousand dollars be and is hereby appropri- j
ated, to be expended under the direction of the j
PieMdcnt of the United States, in payment for the
services and expenses of such persons as have been i
engaged in conveying communications to and from 1
the "Provisional Government of Oregon" to the |
authorities of the United States, and the purchase j
of presents for such of the Indian tribes as the
peace and quietude of the country require.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, all that part of
the tern tones of the United States called Upper
California, acquired by the treaty of peace, friend- ;
ship, limits, and settlement, between the United j
States of America and the Mexican Republic, con- ;
eluded at Gaudaluupe Hidalgo on the second day of j
February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, shall j
be organized into, and constitute, a temporary gov-
| ernment by the name of California: Provided, That
: nothing in this act contained shall be construed to
impair the rights of person or property now per-
taining to the Indians in said Territory, so long as
such rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty
between the United States arid such Indians, or to
affect the authority of the Governmentof the United
States to make any regulation respecting such In-
dians, their lands, property, or other rights, by
treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have been
competent to the Government to make if this act
had never passed: And provided, further, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed to
inhibit the Government of the United States from
dividing said Territory into two or more Territo-
ries, in such manner and at such times as Congress
shall deem convenient and proper, or from attach-
ing any portion of said Territory to any other
State or Territory of the United States.
Sec. 2^. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of California, shall be vested in a Governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within
said Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of the
militia thereof, shall perform the duties and receive
the emoluments of superintendent of Indian affairs;
he may grant pardons for offences against the laws
of said Territory, and reprieves for offences against
the laws of the United States, until the decision of
the President can be made known thereon: he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of the said Territory, and shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
Sec 23. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be a Secretary of said Territoiy, who shall reside ;
therein, and hold his office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States; he shall lecord and preserve all the laws
and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly here-
inafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings
of the Governor in his Executive Department; he
shall transmit one copy of the laws and one copy
of the executive proceedings on or before the 1st 1
day of December m each year, to the President of :
the United States, and at the same time two copies
of the laws to the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the President of the Senate, for the '
use of Congress. And in case of the death, re-
moval, resignation, or other necessary absence of
the Governor from the Territory, the Secretary j
shall have, and he is hereby authorized and requited !
to execute and perform, all the powers and duties
of the Governor during such vacancy or necessary i
absence, or until another Governor shall be duly ;
appointed to fill such vacancy. ;
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That the judi- 1
cial power of said Territory shall be vested in a ,
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justices,
any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and
who shall hold a term at the seat of governmentof
said Territory annually, and they shall hold their
offices during the period of four years. The said
Territory shall be divided into three judicial dis-
tricts, and a district court shall be held in each of
said districts by one of the justices of the supreme
court, at such times and places as may be pre-
scribed by law; and the said judges shall, after
their appointments, respectively, reside in the dis-
tricts which shall be assigned them. The juris-
diction of the several courts herein provided for,
both appellate and original, and that of the probate
courts, and of justices of the peace, shall be as
limited by law: Piovidtd, That justices of the
peace shall not have jurisdiction of any matter in
controversy when the title or boundaries of land
may be in dispute, or where the debt or sum
claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars; and the
said supreme and district courts, respectively,
shall possess a chancery as well as common law
jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge
thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall also be
the register in chancery, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases fiom the final decision of said
district courts to the supreme court, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by law; but in
no case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own
clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the court for which he shall have been
appointed. Writs of error and appeals from the
final decisions of said supreme court shall be al-
lowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the same manner and under
the same regulations as from the circuit courts of
the United States, except only that in all cases in-
volving titles to slaves, the said writs of error or
j appeals shall be allowed and decided by the said
J supreme court without regard to the value of the
| matter, property, or title m controversy; and ex-
cept also that a writ of error or appeal shall be al-
' lowed to the Supreme Court of the United States
, from the decision of the supreme court created by
, this act, or any judge thereof, or of the district
I courts created by this act, or of any judge thereof,
, upon any writ of habeas corpus, involving theques-
; tion of personal freedom; and each of the said dis-
, trict courts shall have and exercise the same juris-
, diction in all cases arising under the Constitution
, and laws of the United States as is vested in the
| circuit and district courts of the United States; and
; the first six days of every term of said courts, or
: so much thereof as shall be necessary, shall be ap-
; propriated to the trial of causes arising under the
I said Constitution and laws; and writs of error and
! appeals in all such cases shall be made to the su-
{ preme court of said Territory, the same as in other
r cases. The said clerk shall receive, in all such
I cases, the same fees which the clerks of the dis-
j trict courts of Wisconsin Territory heretofore re-
| ceived for similar services.
I Sec. 25. Andbe it farther enacted, That there shall
; be appointed an Attorney for said Territory, who
shall continue in office for four years, unless sooner
removed by the President, and who shall receive
the same fees and salary as were received by tne
Attorney of the United States for the Territory of
Wisconsin. There shall also be a Marshal for the
Territory appointed, who shall hold his office for
four years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and who shall execute all processes issuing; from
the said courts, when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States;
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
, regulation and penalties, and be entitled to the
same fees, as were received by the marshal of the
district court of the United States for the Territory
of Wisconsin; and shall, in addition, be paid two
, hundred dollars annually as compensation for
j extra services.
j Sbc. 26. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of said Territory shall, until Congress
, shall otherwise provide, be vested in the Governor,
, Secretary, and Judges of the Supreme Court, who,
or a majority of them, shall have power to pass any
law for the administration of justice in said Terri-
tory, which shall not be repugnant to this act, or
inconsistent with the laws and Constitution of the
United States. But no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil, respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or respecting the
prohibition or establishment of African sla\ery;
and no tax shall be imposed upon the property of
the United States; nor shall the lands or other
property of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. Ail the laws
shall be submitted to the Congress of the United
States, and, if disapproved, shall be null and void.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That the gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
and, by and with the adwee and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. The governor and secretary to be appoint-
ed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, re-
spectively take an oath or affirmation, before the
district judge or some justice of the peace in the
limits of said Territory duly authorized to admm-
1 ister oaths and affirmations by the laws now in
; force therein, or before the chief justice or some
i associate justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and faithfully to discharge the duties of their
respective offices; which said oaths, when so taken,
, shall be certified by the person by whom the same
: shall have been taken, and such certificates shall
be received and recorded by the s.ud secretary
among the executive pioceedmgs. And the chief
, justice and associate justices, and ail other civil
officers in said Territory, before they act as such,
1 shall take a like oath or affirmation before the said
