1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
the results of that war we had acquired extensive
territory in California and New Mexico, which
was of great value; and now the question presented
itself, shall the fruits of this war, which had cost
us .so much blood and treasure, be thrown away,
or should they be secured and perpetuated in pos-
session of the people of the United States by the
passage of this or some other bill which might
meet more general acceptance? He should vote
against the motion to lay on the table. He now
renewed the motion for the call of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, desired to make a few
remarks with the pcrmissisn of the gentleman from
Illinois—only five words.
Mr. McCLERNAND would assent, if the gen-
tleman from Indiana would renew the motion for
a call of the House.
Mr. SMITH acceded to the terms, and then
said he should be entirely satisfied to have this bill
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, if he thought any good would
result from giving it that direction. But he was
thoroughly convinced that the reference of that hill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would but protract this session of Congress,
without producing any beneficial results whatever.
He was willing to avow that he was opposed to
this bill, decidedly and uncompromisingly. He
was willing to settle the vexed question of slavery
in the Territories on any fair and unobjectionable
grounds; but he utterly and entirely denied that
this bill held out any promise of a settlement of
that question. If that bill should become the law
of the land, so far from settling the agitation which
prevails through the country, and calming the
troubled waters, it would only add to the existing
agitation, and increase the difficulties by which it
was surrounded. Was there ever a compromise
heard of in which a people's rights and interests
were direct antipodes to each other? Yet such
was the compromise of this bill. Its southern
advocates contended that it would be the means
of extending slavery over that territory in which
slavery did not now exist; and if that was its
character, he should not give it his sanction.
Ask some of its southern Senatorial advocates
why they suppotted the passage of this bill, and they
would reply that, under its operation, they would
be entitled to carry their staves to this Terntoiy.
Ask what were the grounds on which those from the
Noi th gave it their support, and they were told, on
the contrary, that slavery would beexcluded. Was
there, then, any compromise in that? None. It
was only increasing the difficulties and agitation,
which must exist, with no prospect of a settlement.
He did not desire to see Congress adjourn without
affording those Territories some appropriate gov-
ernment. He asked the House this morning for
leave to report bills to provide a government for
each of these Territories, but gentlemen on the
other side of the House objected to it. He had
such bills now drawn up to provide Territorial
Governments for California and New Mexico.
They had already a bill before them to establish a
Territorial Government for Oregon.
Mr. CATHCART said that the objection came
from his (Mr. S.'s) own side of the House; and
that the gentleman before him [Mr. GocginJ was
the first to object.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman withdrew Ins ob-
jection. Well, he hoped hereafter that he should
have an opportunity to present, and that the House
would consent to receive, ins icport, and that before
Confess adjourned it would pass those bills. He
was as desirous as any individual that they should
be passed, and Territorial Governments in these
Terutones be established; but he saw no good that
could result either to the South or to the North, or
to any poition of this country, by wasting time at
this late period of the session m a fruitless discus-
sion of the bill before them. It had already been
fully discussed, not in the House, yet in the hear-
ing of every member of the House, and the mind
of every one of them was made up respecting it.
He hoped, therefore, they should come to a de-
cisive test vote.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware. Will my hon-
orable friend fiom Indiana [Mr. Smith] allow me
to make a single remark, or rather, to propound a
single inquiry to him ? I do not, I can assure him,
desire at this time to say anything, either one way
or the other, in regard to the supposed merits or
demerits of the hill now before us. I do not pro-
pose, at this preliminary stage of the matter, to
enter upon a general discussion of the provisions i
of the bill, as my honoiable friend seems inclined i
to do, but I wish to make one suggestion for his |
consideration, and for the consideration of every j
honorable member on this floor, and it is this: Is ;
it just, is it fair, to force this measure to a final i
decision in this House without affording ample ,
time for the consideration and discussion of it? For !
my own part, I am free to say that I am not pre- j
, pared to vote either for or against this bill without ,
an opportunity to assign my reasons for it; and I
: would respectfully ask if it is right, if it is honor- i
! able, if it is magnanimous in the House to compel !
members to act upon this, by far the most im- j
portant and momentous question which has been }
presented for our consideration during the present ,
Congress, without a full, free, and fair opportunity 1
to weigh and discuss it? For my own part, I am }
1 free to confess, as I have already stated, that I am •
not prepared to vote upon it until 1 have had an ,
, opportunity of making known the opinions which I
i will govern and control my action in relation to it, <
! and 1 trust it will not be pressed to a decision at •
! this moment.
1 Mr. SM1TPI did not yield the floor to the gen-
| tleman from Delaware to make a speech. He did 1
; not intend to make a speech himself. He did not ;
' desire any debate on this question, and he hoped
: no debate would arise upon it. In order to test
! thesenseof members of theHouse, he would move
| to lay the bill on the table, and then comply with
; his promise to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
! McClernand] by moving a call of the House.
; [Great excitement and confusion.]
| Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman from Indiana 1
! to withdiawthatmotion. [Most emphatic4'noes" j
! from all parts of the House.] There had been un- '
, fair remarks made against this bill. [Loud cries '
j of " order!"] '
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from ,
Indiana. [Renewed cries of " order !"] ;
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order. 1
The SPEAKER said the Chair would rlceive j
no suggestion of order until the House came to j
order itself, and gentlemen took their seats. [
Order having been partially restored— !
Mr. McLANE stated his point of order to be i
that it was not competent for the gentleman from
Indiana to submit two motions at once—the mo- i
tion to lay on the table, and the motion for a call j
of the House. , |
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order.
Mr. SMITH then moved a call of the House j
alone. |
The call was ordered, and the roll having been J
called through, 209 members answered to their j
names. j
Mr. ASHMUN moved to dispense with further j
, proceedings in the call. Agreed to.
j . Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Chair whether ;
! the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had i!
, not moved to lay this bill upon the tabic ?
j The CHAIR replied that the gentleman had ;
, made such a motion, supposing at the time that :
he was entitled to the floor; but another gentleman 1
i having stated that he had not relinquished the !
i floor, the motion of the gentleman from Georgia ,
, had of course been pronounced to be out of order, j
| Mr. STEPHENS here said that he admitted, i
' with the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] J
' that this bill was connected with a question of the '
, deepest lntei est; but he could not believe, as that J
gentleman seemed to do, that its passage would .
■ secure peace and quiet to the country; if he did, he '
should be willing to protract this session indefinitely '
till it was passed. But, as he read the bill, all it
| did was merely to postpone the question, not to
j settle it, or give any peace to the countsy. The
i session was already of unusual length: he thought 1
! it was time they should go home. He had no ,
; belief that the question could be settled during the 1
: present session; and, wishing to bring it to a test
; vote, he would move to lay the bill on the table.
!i A demand was raised from all quarters for the
1 yeas and nays, which were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
1 YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Aslimun, Belcher, Bing-
1 ham, Blanehard, Bojdou, Bueknei, Butlei, Canln. Clapp,
Collumet, Collar, Coniiei, Cranston, Crowd I. Crozier. Dar-
linj;, Dielcuj . Dixon, Donnell, Duet, Dime! Duncan, Dunn,
. Eekeit, Edu.itd-, Embree, Nathan Evan-. Fatan. Fartellv.
i Fit-iiei;Freedk-y, Fnes, Gidtling-, Gott, Giegorj, Giiimeil,
: Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Hanunous, James G. Hampton,
| Moses Hampton, Henley, Henry, Eiias R. Holme-. llub-
j batd, Hudson, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenkins, Kellogir,
Daniel P. &mg, Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Law-
; renee, Lincoln, Lord, Lynric, Maclav, McClelland, Moll-
i vaine, Horace Mann, Marsh, Maivin, Morns, Mul'in,
! Nel-on, Nes, Newell, Nicoll, Palfrey, Peaslee, Perk, Pen-
! dkton;*Petiie, Pollotk, Putnam, Reynolds, Julius Roikw ell,
John A. Rockwell, Ro<r, Ruinsey, M. John, Schenck, Sher-
i rill, Silvester, Shngetland, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robeit
1 Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephen^, Andrew
Stewart, Charles E. Stuait, Strohm, Strong, Tallmadge,
Tajior, James Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-on, John
; B. Thompson, William Thompson, Thuiston, Tuck, Van
I Dyke, Vmton, Warren, Wentworth, White, Wiley, and
' Wilmot—112.
; NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow, Bayly,
' Heale, Bedinger, Bird&all, Bococ-k, Bolts,Bowdon, Bovvlin,
j Boyd, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Charles Brow n, Albeit
! G. Brown, Burt, Cabell,Caihcart, Chapman, Fiaukhn Clark,
; Beverly L. Clarke, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
j W. Cobb, Cocke, Cnstield, Daniel, Dickm-on, Alexander
J Evans, Featherston, Fickim, Flonrnoy, French, Fulton,
GajJe, Gentry, Goggin, Green, Wilkml P.Hall, llaral-on,
, Harmanson, Harris, Hill, Hilhard, Isaac E. Holmes-, George
i S. Houston, John W.Houston, Inge, Charles J. IngeisoiJ,
! Iverson, Jameson, And>e\v Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
. George VV. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,
1 Thomas Butler King, La S6re, Ligon, Lumpkin, McCler-
; nand, McDowf.ll, McKay, McLane, Job Mann, Meade,
Miller, Morehead, Outlaw, Pettif, Peiton. Pillshurj. Pres-
: ton, Rhett, Rtciiaidson, llichey, Robinson, Kockhiil, Sawyer,
i Shepperd, Simpson, t>nn-, Stanton, Tlnbodeaux, Thomas,
] Jacob Thompson, Robert A.Thompson, Tompkins. Toomb..-,
: Turner, Venable, Wallace, VViek, YVilhams, and Wood-
! ward—97.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
| Mr. POLLOCK moved to reconsider the vote
! just taken.
| Mr. WHITE moved to lay the motion to re-
• consider on the table.
| On which motion the yeas and nays were taken,
| and resulted as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Asltmun, Bob her, Bing-
j ham. Iltancbard, Bowlon, Buekner, Butler, Cabby, Clripp,
! Franklin Clark, Coliamef, Collins, Conger,Cian-ton, i. row-
> ell, Crozier, Dathn^, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Darnel
, Duncan, Gai nett Duncan, Dunn, Eckei t, Edwatd-, Embree,
! Nathan Evans, Faran, Famli), Fishei, Fieedley. Fries,
. Guldings, Gott, Gregoij, Grmiiell, Hale. Nathan K. H dl,
Mammons, James G. Hampton, Muse- Hampton, Ha ke]l,
1 Henley , Heni\ , Ehas B. Hoime-, Ilubb ird, Hudson. Joseph
i, R. ln ersoll, livin, Jenkins, Kellong, Daniel P Kinjr, La-mi,
William T. Lawrence, Sidmy Lawrencc, Lincoln, Lord,
l! Lynde, Maelav, McClelland, M^IIvaine, Hoiace Mann,
;j Mai si i, Marvin, xMoirts, Mulhn, Nelson, Nes, Newell, NicoH,
jj Pallrey, Peaslee, Peck, Pendleton, Petue, Pollock, Put-
' nam, Reynolds, Juhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Ko-e,
; Ramsey, St John, Schenek, Sheirill, Silvester, Slingerland,
1 Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
1 phens, Andrew Stewait, Cha  le< E. Stuart, Strohm, Strong,
! Tailmadge, Taylor, James Thompson. Richard W. Thomp-
I '.on, John B Thompson, William Thompson, Tnur-ton,
I Tuck, Van Djke, Vmton, Warren, Wentvvo:th, White, Wi-
i icy, and Wilmoi—114.
NAYS—Mesbrss. Atkinson, Barrmger, Banow, Bayly,
; Beale, Bcdm«er, Birdsall, Bocoek, Botts. Bowdon, Bow hit,
1 Boyd, Brodhead, William G. Brown. Charles Biou n, Albeit
' G. Biown, Buif, Cabell, Caihcart, Chapman, Beverly L.
i Clarke, HovvelM 1obh, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke. Cris-
! field, Cunnnms, Daniel, Dickinson, Alexander Evans, Feath-
! erston, Ficklin, Flournoy, Frem h, Fulton, Gajle, Gentty,
I Goagm, Green, Willard P. Hall, Haralson, Hatman-.on,
Hairis/Hill, Ililliard, I-aae E. Holme-, George S. Houston,
John W. Houston, fnae, C. J. Ingeisoil, Iver-on. Jame-on,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Joiuison, Geoige \\ . J lies,
John W. Jone-;, Kaufman, Kennon. Thomas Liut!m King,
La Sete, Lu:on. Lumpkin, MeClet nand, McDowell, McKav,
McLane, Job Maun, Meade, Miller,'Morehead,'Outlaw,
Pettit, Pev ton, Pillsbury, Pie^ton. llhett, RichamSv)n Riohcy,
Robinson, Uockhill, Sawyer, Shepp<'i(t, Snupson, Sim^,
Stanton, Thibodeaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Robert
A. Thompson, Tontpkin-, Toombs. Tm ner, Venable, Wal-
lace, Wick, Williams, and Woodward—96.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Missouri, the
House resolved itselfinto Committee of the Whole
on thestate of the Union, (Mr. Morehead, of Ken-
tucky, in the chair.)
TIIE OREGON BILL.
The Oregon bill having been taken up—
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, who had the floor
from a preceding day, addressed the committee
mainly on the question of slavery in the Territory,
over which he believed Congress had control, and
incidentally in reply to positions assumed by Ins
colleagues heretofore.
Mr. COLLINS followed in favor of the doctrine
of the pro\ iso.
■: Mr. DUNN then addressed the committee in a
speech upon general polities.
Mr. HALL, of Missouii, followed Mr. Dunnt
' in a speech urging Congress to act immediately
■ on the bill to establish the Territorial Government
of Otegon.
Mr. MITLLIN then got the floor, and the com-
, mittee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON moved that a committee of con-
ference be appointed to meet a similar committee
on the part of the Senate, to confer on the disagree-
! mg votes of the two Houses on the naval appro*
ij pnation bill. Agreed to.
,\ And then the House adjourned.
