THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2, 1848.
New Series No. 64.
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, it ap-
pears, had not been satisfactory; yet he (Mr. B.)
had iiad no opportunity to examine that report.
Mr. BELL said he had proposed the change in
the resolution for the purpose of obviating these
objections. As to the examining all the accounts,
that was the province of an exccutivc officer rather
than of the Senate. After the adjudication by the
Commissioner, the amendment he now sent to the
Chair provided that he should report the same to
the next session of Congress.
Mr. ALLEN made' some observations against
the course indicated in this resolution. He pro-
nounced a high eulogy on the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, pronouncing him a moral man,
whose connection with the Government conferred
greater honor on that Government than on himself.
He moved to lay the bill on the table, but with-
drew it at the request of—
Mr. BELL, who denied having attacked Mr.
Medijl, and thought the eulogy of the Senator from
Ohio entirely gratuitous. That gentleman was cer-
tainly no more than a subordinate officer of the Gov-
ernment; and this was a case not only important
on account of the amount of expenditure, but on
account of the labor resulting from it. He had not
charged that the report of the Commissioner was
incorrect, but there had been opposition to it, and
it was desirable that it should be properly investi-
gated.
The amendment of Mr. BELL was then agreed
to.
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay the resolution on the
table: Ayes 9, noes 15.
There being no quorum, the motion was with-
drawn.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate.
The amendment of the Senator from Arkansas was
non-concurred in.
The other amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ALLEN asked for the yeas and nays on the
engrossment, which were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell,Benton,
Borland, Butlei, Olaike, Clayton, Down*, Greene, Hanne-
gan, Johnson ot Louisiana, Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Met-
calfe, Miller. Phelps, Ru--k, Sebastian, Spruanee, Under-
wood, Upham,and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bradbury, Breese,
Bright, Davis of Mississippi. Dickinson, Dodge, Feldi, Fitz-
gerald, Hamlin, Stuigeon. Turney, and Walker—14.
The bill was then passed.
EXTRA PAY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution for the speedy payment of the three months'
extra pay to the officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, who have served in the
Jate war with Mexico; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. B. wished the resolution might be consid-
ered, unless any Senator desired its reference. He
was informed at the War Office, this morning, that
the claims amounted to eighty thousand, and that,
according to the usual forms, it would require fifteen
years to pay them all. This resolution had the ac-
quiescence of the Pay master General, and, if passed,
the whole might be paid in six months.
Mr. BENTON spoke of the great propriety of
acting on this resolution promptly. He stated to
what impositions these meritorious men, who had
so faithfully and through such perils served the
country, would be subjected, if the payments were
defen ed.
Mr. BADGER concurred in all that was said. |
He said he knew of one case, this morning, of a
poor fellow who had forty-eight dollars due him,
who was so pressed by his necessities, that he offer-
ed to part with the whole for twenty-five dollars!
Mr. DIX concurred in the views of the Senators
who had spoken.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the joint resolution
fixing the 7th day of August for the adjournment.
Mi. BREESE moved to strike out the 7th and
insert the 14th.
Mr. HANNEGAN
64
and Mr. CALHOUN
thought the business could ail be done by the 7th.
There was now nothing to be gained by sitting
longer.
Mr. FOOTE said he was not willing to go aAvay
and leave the country in danger, as he thought it
; was.
J Mr. DOWNS thought that another week would
i be required to get though the necessary business.
He would therefore prefer the 14th. He would
not consent to take another step on the subject
! of a compromise.
j _ Mr. DOUGLAS would not be willing to ad-
journ and to leave the Territories without law.
The general appropriation bill, and other import-
ant bills have to be acted on. A bill for a Terri-
torial Government in Minesota had been reported
early in the session, and this ought to he acted on.
The Government has ordered troops thereto pre- !
vent collision with Indians. He did not see why I
we should ad journ because the Senate ha.? been
thwarted in one of its measures. If we adjourn
without establishing the Territorial Governments,
we shall be responsible for the blood of men,'
women, and children, which will be shed.
Mr. BENTON regretted that this resolution
had been called up. He was opposed to fixing
any day for adjournment, until the great measures
are all disposed of. The world would be led to the
impression that the Senate is acting from a feeling
of resentment. It would be much wiser that we
should let the world see that we refuse to adjourn
until the territorial bills shaU be passed. ' The
judgment of the world would be against us, when
it is known that, immediately afier the House had '
rejected the territorial bill, a Senator jumped up in !
the middle.of an afternoon session, and called up j
the resolution of adjournment. He had only 1
spoken once on the territorial bill. He had voted
for it, because it was necessary to provide some
government for the Territories. But could not the
House send a bill to the Senate for this purpose ?
If we go and leave anything unfinished, in the
present agitation of public opinion, Senators must
expect to meet, at every turn, the question—whose
faultis it that nothing is done ? He was willing to
take any bill which might come from the House
rather than leave the Territories without a govern-
ment. Having labored hard to get Oregon, how
inconsistent to let her remain without a govern-
ment! Then came California and New Mexico.
Are they to be left without law? He then went
into a view of the present condition of those Ter-
ritories, in order to show the necessity for prompt
legislation on the subject. A continuance of the
present unsettled state of things can have no other
effect than to make our relations more perplexed
and difficult of arrangement.
Mr. DAYTON advocated the resolution as it
came from the House. To talk of the movement
of the Senate being construed into an act of re-
sentment, was absurd, when it was remembered
that twenty-two of the Senators voted against the
territorial bill, and that a majority of them would
vote for this resolution.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied to the objections to
the resolution, and urged that to remain here be-
yond the 7th would be useless. To adopt the
amendment, would be to add only another week
of talk. He hoped Monday week would be j
agreed on. ;
"Mr. BREESE withdrew his amendment, and '
moved to lay the resolution on the table, and asked ;
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. KING suggested that the motion be varied,
so as to make it a postponement until Monday. i
The question was then taken on the motion to :
lav on the table, and decided as follows:
YE \.S—Messrs. Atlierton, Benton, Bieese, Bright, Clay- 1
ton, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Foote, John-on of Louisiana,
Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Mason, Phelps, Stuigeon,
and Wcstcott—17. '
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin. Bell, 1
Borland, Biadbmy, Butler, Calhoun. Clarke, Davis of "Mis-
sissippi, Davton,Dickinson, Dix. Felch. Fitzgerald. Greene, .
Hale, linmlin, Hannegan, Houston, Hunter."Metcalfe, Mil-
ler, Nil^s, SelhiMian, Sprnance, Turney, Underwood, Up- j
ham, Walker and Yulee—32. j
Mr. BREESE moved to strike out 7th and in- j
serf 14th.
: The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion.
Mr. KING thought we should not be able to
get through all the needful business for the carry-
ing on of the Government by the 7th. He under-
stood from some gentlemen at the head of influen-
tial committees of the House, that they would not
be ready to adjourn before a week after that time.
He desired to satisfy himself on these points, and
would therefore move to postpone the finther con-
sideration of the resolution until Monday next.
Mr. DAYTON was willing to do anything
which personal courtesy dictated, for the accom-
modation of the Senator from Alabama; but he
thought we had the whole subject before us, and he
hoped the subject would be taken up and acted on.
Mr. ALLEN" would vote to postpone till Mon- «
day, and would then vote to take it up, and to fix
on the 14th, a* the day of adjournment.
Mr. DIX said he would vote against postpone-
ment, and in favor of the 7th.
Mr. FOOTE believed that the House would do
its duty, and that a little postponement would be
best. He would not vote for adjournment at pres-
ent.
Mr. HALE moved that the Senate now adjourn,
which was negatived.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atlierton, Benton, Breese. Rnsht,
Clayton, Da\is of Mi^i^ippi, Dickinson, Dodge, Douglas.
Downs, Foote, Houston, Johnson ot LouiHana. Joim-on of
Geoiiriii, King, Le\\i<, Ma-on, Vlu lps, Smrguon. ami Weft-
cott—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atehi-on, Badger, Baldwin, Boll. Boi-
Innri, Biadhury, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Dayton, 1>i\,
Feieb. Fitzgerald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin. Harnegan. Tlun-
tei, Metcalfe, Millei, Niles, Sebastian, Spnnnee, Turney,
Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Yulee—23.
The question being on the motion to strike out
7th and insert 14th—
Mr. NILES said, that instead of an adjournment
being regarded as an unpatriotic act, our constitu-
ents would probably regard it as the most patriotic,
the only patriotic act of the session. If we stay
any longer, it may be that our constituents will
have forgotten us altogether.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he should be
compelled to adhere to a pledge he had once given
not to vote for fixing a day of adjournment, as he
did not feel disposed to leave the Territories with-
out a government.
Mi\ METCALFE thought wc could not get
through by the 7th. If we make it the 14th, the
House will then have it in its power to take it, or
to amend it by fixing a longer petiod, should it be
deemed necessary for the completion of the busi-
ness. He rebuked the frequency with which the
separation of the Union was alluded to.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if he thought the appropria-
tion bills could be got through with by the 7th?
Mr. ATHERTON replied, that he thought that
the civil and diplomatic and the army appropriation
bills would occupy until the 7th without other busi-
ness. He thought we might get through by the
14th.
Mr. DIX hoped that the appropriation bills
would be acted on by the 7th.
Mr. ATCHISON said, with all the facts before
him, he did not think he would be doing his duty
if he voted for the 7th. He did not entertain the
slightest hope that there would be any territorial bill
from the House. But if the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee thought he could not get through
the appropriation bills by the 7th, he was willing
to vote for the 34th.
Mr. TURNEY opposed the amendment in a few
remarks, m which he evinced much warmth, in
relation to the summary disposal of the compro-
mise bill by the House of Representatives, and
declared that os he had now abandoned any hope
of settling that question, he was ready to adjourn
at the earliest hour, and he thought all the business
winch was necessary to be done might be com-
pleted in two days.
Mr. BUTLER expressed regret at the warmth
of the Senator from Tennessee, and concluded
with saying he would vote fur the amendment.
