1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brecse, substituting Monday, the 14th of
August, for Monday, the 7th, and decided as fol-
lows:
YE AS—Allen, Atchison, Athorton, Badger,Bell,
Benton, Borland, Bradbury, Hreer-e, P>mht. Butler, Dickin-
son, Dodge, Dou2la>, Downs, Fuote, Hamlin, Houston,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgi-i, King. Lewis,
Ma.-on, Metcalfe. Nile«, Sebastian, Spruance,Sturgeon, Un-
derwood, and We-tcott—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Calhoun. Clarke, Clayton, Da,
via of Min-i^ippi, DaUoit, Div, Felch, Fitzserald* Gre^ne-
Ilale, Ilannesan, Hunter, Miller. Turuey, Uphani, Walker,
and Yulee—18.
And the resolution was then adopted as amended.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded tn the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and at tea minutes past five, tiie doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcf.day, July 29, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the usual
resolution to close all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union at one o'clock
this day on the bill to establish the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Oregon.
Mr. E. moved the previous question, which was
seconded, and, under the operation thereof, the
resolution was adopted.
By general consent, the joint resolution of the
Senate for the speedy payment of the three months'
extra pay to the officers, non-commissioned officeis,
musicians, and privates who have served in the late
war with Mexico, allowed by the act of July 19,
1848, was taken up and read a first and second
time, and after some conversation between Messrs.
McLANE, and HOUSTON, of Alabama, i
Mr. HARALSON moved the previous ques-
tjon, which was seconded, and, under the opera- t
tion thereof, the joint resolution was read a third
time and passed, and returned to the Senate. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the Senate bill to divide the
district of Arkansas into two judicial distiicts, but :
subsequently withdrew it.
On motion of Mr. GENTRY, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the business on the Speaker's
table, viz: the messages of the President of the
United States in relation to the treaty with Mex-
ico and m relation to the boundary of the territory
acquired from Mexico, &c.
Mr. BOWDON addressed the House upon vari-
ous topics connected with the President's mes-
sages. He maintained the right of Texas to the
boundary of the Rio Grande from the mouth to
the source. He deprecated the precipitate action ■
of the House in laying upon the table the "com-
promise" of the Senate, and warmly eulogized the
authors of the measure and its provisions as emi-
nently adapted to still the ocean of popular excite- ■
merit on the question of slavery at this crisis.
Mr. DUER next obtained the lioor, and yielded
to
Mr. STEPHENS, who moved to reconsider
the vote by which the discussion of the Oregon bill
was limited to one o'clock to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to lay the motion to re- 1
consider on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS withdrew the motion for the
present, to avoid consuming the time of Air. Dueix,
giving notice that he might renew it.
Air. V>UER then proceeded with his remarks.
He spoke of the right of Congress to legislate by '
way of restraining slavery in "the Territories, as a
self-evident proposition. He then branched off:
into some examinations of General Cass's position
upon this question. He next adverted to the
reason which induced Whig opposition to the late
Senate compromise, and proposed another com-
promise, which his party were prepared to sup-
port, to wit: a compromise upon the rejection of
all territorial acquisitions from Mexico. He closed
his speech by stating the causes and justifying the
instruments of the Van Duron defection.
AJr. THOMAS succeeded to the floor, and 1
opened Jus speech with an allusion to the inconsist-
ency and folly of the opposition made by the
Wlug party to the President's peace message upon
the quoMiou of boundary to a ten itory which they
now avowed theuiM-ives re.rjy to jM\e bra k to
Mi-vieo.
'I He replied to the argument of the gentleman
,j from Kentucky, [Mr. Duncan',] impugning the
' | course of the President, by which temporary gov-
i| ernment was established in Santa Fe. He showed
from the books that the acts of the President were
amply justified by the practice of the British Gov-
|i ernment. If the offence ascribed to the President
;! was committed against the State of Texas, gen tie-
jj men should reflect that Texas herself appealed to
ij this Government for the very thing of which com-
i, plaint was made—the protection which was afford-
!| ed. Besides, Texas herself had'never complained,
because it was manifest that what was done by
:! the authority of the President, was called for by
ti the necessity of the case.
1 j If the conqueror did not destroy the government
I; and authority of the conquered country, he would
i, make the matter of his invasion an advantage in- !
}l stead of a constraint. This necessity of the case
was the justification for the establishment of gov- ;
;| eminent by the authority of the President over j
■I the provinces which his generals conquered. He j
'! quoted to this point the proclamation of General '
' Harrison reestablishing the authority of the laws !
. of the United States in Michigan upon the expul- j
.j sion of the British from that peninsula. And if it j
[ were necessary to establish government by proc- ,
' lamation in Michigan, when the inhabitants were i
: Ameiiccin citizens, much more was it necessary to j
I proclaim the authority of the United States in j
, Santa Fe, whose inhabitants were foreigners and j
i enemies. :
j He read from Vattel and other authorities to j
I justify military contributions, by no higher author- i
, lty than that of a mere conquering general. Gen- ;
| tlemen were getting so extremely popular in their |
views and feelings, that it would seem as though !j
they would be unwilling for one of our generals to |j
fight a single battle without first coming home and |
taking a vote of the people upon its propriety. !.
Mr. DONNELL succeeded, and addressed the ;|
House in a general political speech, justifying his
vote m opposition to the Teriitoiml compromise :!
: bill; occupying much of his hour in the way of a '!
, review of that part of a late speech of his colleague, 1'
[Mr. Vexable,] in which he defined his position
upon the subject of inteinal improvement Ly the
( General Government, and upon the power of Con- 1
; gress to legislate upon slavery m the Tenitories. ;
j Mr. YENABLE next obtained the floor; but
; gave way for a motion to adjourn; which was ■
; disagreed to by report of tellers—affirmathe 76,
, negative 78
Air. Y. then said that he listened with pleasure
, to the debut of his colleague, although he was bim-
, self selected as the subject of his castration. He
i was sufficiently compensated for all, by the simi-
1 larity which his colleague had discovered between
his own views and those of one of the most justly ,
distinguished Senators which this country ever
produced, [Mr. Calhoun.] He reiterated what
he had before said against internal improvements
i by the General Government, with other points in
■ his f'oimer speech: renewed asain his former allu-
sions to " his own Carolina," and was proceeding
to fortify afresh his former positions in support of
the li'.dn of the citizens of the South to emigrate
with their property to the temtoiies, and receive
the protection of the Constitution m its possession
and enjoyment there, when he trave way again for
a motion to adjourn; which was agreed to.
And the House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Sattrday, July '29, 1848.
Air. BENTON mo\ed that Mr. Atchisoj? be
appointed President pro tini. of the Senate during
the absence of the Vice President; which motion
was unanimously agreed to. And, on motion of
Mr. B., the President of the United States and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives were duly
notified.
MEMORIALS AJND PETITIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from citizens
of Duval county, Florida, prawns to be allowed
additional mail facilities on the mute between Sa-
vannah, Georgia, and Pilaika, Florida, and on the
route between Jacksonville and Alligator, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
i\Ir. BRIGHT also presented a petition fiom
John A. Ijr.ickeni idi;e, vindicating his father from
certain allegations charging him with a misapplica-
tion of the funds collected by him in the State of
Missouri for the Washington Monument Society;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from Wil-
liam Archer and other citizens of the District of
Columbia, asking an appropiiation for the removal
of a nuisance on Pennsylvania avenue; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
i Lands, reported a bill granting to the State of
| Alabama the right of way and a donation of pub-
j lie lands for making a railroad from Mobile to the
i mouth of Ohio river; which was read a first time.
| Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revolu-
| tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of David Hoban, deceased;
j which was read a first time.
I RESOLUTIONS.
I On motion of Mr. BRADBURY,
ResoJved, That the Se^retaiy of rotate be requested to send
to the Senate a copy of the panted report of the commis-
sioners under the tieaty of Washington of Au2ust 9,1S42;
together with a eopv or"the report of the Air.^M^an commis-
sioner transmitting the same to the ??tate Depmtment.
Mr. LEWIS, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution explanatory of the act of June 2,
1848; which was read a first and second time, as
follows:
Resolved, <S'c.> That the act of 2d June,1848, shall be con-
strued by the acting officers of the tiea*ury to cmbrace the
transportation of and supplies furmshpd f'ortheu^e ofvolun-
i leers called out by the order of General E P Gaines, and
i paid under the joint resolution of August 8,1846.
| VARIOUS BUSINESS.
! On motion of Mr. WALKER, the prior orders
I were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
| consideration of the hill modifying the fourth clause
\ of the seventh section of an act relating- to the ad-
j mission of Wisconsin into the Union, approved
: 6th August, 1846.
i Mr. W. having explained and advocated the bill,
it was read a third time and passed.
: On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the prior orders
| were postponed, to take up the bill providing for
. the taking of testimony in relation to claims for
losses in the late Florida war.
Mr. W. havineadvocated and explained the bill,
it was, after a brief colloquy, read a third time and
passed.
Mr. HANNEGAN grave notice that on Monday
next he would introduce a bill to establish a Terri-
torial Government in the Territories of Oregon,
New Mexico, and California.
j On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill for the better ors:aniza-
! tion of the district court of the United States within
[ the State of Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS explained, that since this bill was
; reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, he
■ had prepared an amendment for the appointment
of an additional judge, and he suggested the pro-
priety of the adoption of this amendment in con-
sequence of the great accumulation of business
connected with land claims. He could anticipate
no opposition except on the ground of the increased
expense. This he showed to be untenable ground,
because the appointment of another judtre would
save more than his salary m the reduction of mile-
age now paid to shei liTand witnesses in consequence
1 of the distances they h.ue to travel. He accord-
ingly submitted his amendment, which divides the
State into two distiicts, and piovides for the ap-
pointment of a separate judge, to be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Mr. TUUNEYadmitted that the increased busi-
ness of the land claims created a pressure on the
court for the piesent. But it could not be suffi-
cient to wairant the appointment of an additional
judge. Appoint a new judge, and he wiil be fast-
ened on the country. There would b-N no getting
rid of him, and although his salary was now fixed
ats9,OUO, leasons would bemund, before the end of
anmhpi session of Con^rr^, for inueasmg; this
salary, and putting him on the same footing as
other judges. He could not vote for it.
Air. BUTLER explained that the committee
could not see the propriety of appointing an addi-
tional jud«je.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that the business of
