1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
OREGON TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, {he House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Morehead, of Ken-
tucky, m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to establish the Territorial Government
of Oregon.
The debate having: been closed—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, proposed to avail
himself of the privilege given to him by the rules
to make some remarks on this bill. The question
involved in the bill had been discussed on almost
every bill before the House for some time, and
they should now show by their votes whether any
principle had been recognized by the House or not.
He did trust, however, whatever might be the de-
cision of the House of Representatives and the
Senate on this controverted question of slavery,
that Congress would give a Territorial Government
to Oregon before the adjournment. And he pro-
tested against the attempt which had been made to
unite the fate of the Territory of Oregon with the
newly-acquired territory from Mexico. He pro-
tested against identifying the fate and the interests
of Oregon with the fate and interests of New Mex-
ico and California. There was no reason why the
people of Oregon should be compelled to remain
without a government until they could settle the
question growing out of the new territory. Why,
we had as yet barely acquired New Mexico and
California. They were not yet part and parcel of
this Union, because the treaty by which Mexico
ceded them to us had not yet been carried out.
We had made no appropriation as yet for that
purpose. No legislative act had been done by
Congress to consummate and carry out the stipu-
lations of the treaty, and he repeated that it would
be unjust to com pel the people of Oregon to unite
their fate with the people of New Mexico and
California.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired, if the gentle-
man from Indiana, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Territories, was not instructed by
his committee to report bills to establish Territo-
rial Governments in New Mexico and California?
Mr. SMITH replied, that he had separate bills
for that purpose. He desired them to be consid-
ered separately. He was opposed to uniting them
in one bill, inasmuch as they presented different
questions, which should be separately acted upon.
Mr. COBB was aware of that; but he understood
the gentleman fiom Indiana to say, that we had not
yet so acquired those Territories as to enable us to
establish governments in them.
Mr. SMITH said, they were not part of this
Union as Oregon was, nor would be, without fur-
ther legislation, of which the bills he had ready to
report were part. Congress must first pass a bill
to carry out the treaty, before they would be prop-
erly part of this Union.
Mr. COBB asked, tlien, what authority they had
to establish Territorial Governments by the bills
which the gentleman from Indiana was desirous to
report?
Mr. SMITH supposed that all necessary enact-
ments would be made for that purpose, and these
bills were apart of the necessary legislation. Now,
suppose they never should appropriate money to
pay for theseTerritories, would they be ours then?
It was not necessary, however, to consume time on
that point. What he desired to do now was, to
look at the past legislation of Congress on this
question. They found gentlemen telling them that
they ought not to create a government for Oregon
winch would restrict slavery, for that they had no
power to do so. Now, why was there this sensi-
tiveness on the part of gentlemen? Why, they
had been legislating on this question ever since he
had had a seat on this floor. During the first
Congress of which he was a member, a bill was
passed by this House by a large majority creating
a Territorial Government for Oregon, which con-
tained a provision which was a prohibition of sla-
very. He desired to refer to one or two things
which occurred when this bill passed. He would
quote from the Journal of the 2d session of the
28th Congress, of the date of the 3d February,
1845, page 318:
"The question being, fi^t, 'Will the House agree to
the amendments to the said bill reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union?' when a
division of the said amendments being called for, the first
of the said amendments was read and agreed to; and (he
second of said amendments was then lead, as follows: And
at the end of the sixth section the following: <Provided,
however, That therp shall neither be slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said ^Territory, otherwise than m the pun-
ishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted.' And the question being put, i Wili the House
agree thereto ?? it was decided in the affirmative: Yeas 129,
nays 69."
This was the opinion of-the House of Repre-
sentatives in 1845; and among the yeas were found
five southern members, namely: Francis Brengle,
of Maryland; Ilenry Grider, of Kentucky; George
B. Rodney, of Delaware; W. P. Thomasson, of
Kentucky; and John White, of Kentucky. So
small was the opposition to the slavery restriction
at that time, that they found not only the North
almost unanimous, but the South also coming to
their aid to prohibit slavery there. The northern
members voting against it were, William J. Brown,
of Indiana, and Charles J. Ingersoll, of Pennsyl-
vania. The bill, with that provision in it, was
subsequently passed, by 140 ayes to 59 noes. Only
fifty-nine! and they were not all southern gentle-
men either. Most of the opposition which that
bill met grew out of other questions. It was
thought by some that they could not organize a
Territorial Government in Oregon while the con-
vention with Great Britain for the joint occupation
of that Territory remained unrescinded; but he
found that a good many of his Democratic friends,
who were now so very sensitive on the subject,
then voted with him (Mr. S.) and his friends in
favor of that bill containing that proviso. Amongst
others, were several of Ins Democratic colleagues,
who, he hoped, would again be found voting the
same way that they voted on the occasion referred
to.
But he begged the attention of the committee to
legislation on the same subject at the first session
of the 29th Congress, on the 6th of August, 1)S46.
He quoted from the House Journal, page 1,245:
" The Oregon bill being tinder consideration, the
i following amendment was read: 'In the 10th
' line of section 12, after the word Oregon, insert,
; ' and neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
' shall ever exist in said Territory, except for crime
' whereof the party shall have been duly convict-
1 ed.' And the question being put: ' Will the
'House agree thereto?' it was decided in the af-
i firmative : Yeas 108, nays 44.The southern
men voting aye were, William F. Giles, Mary-
land; Henry Grider, Kentucky; D. S. Kaufman
and Timothy Pillsbury, Texas; W. P. Thomas-
son, Kentucky; and B. R. Young, Kentucky—six
in number. The bill was afterwards passed with-
out a call of the yeas and nays.
The two gentlemen from Texas had not viewed
this power of prohibiting slavery in the Territo-
ries at that time with anything like the abhorrence
they manifested toward it now. They recorded
their names in favor of the amendment to the Ore-
gon bill which made the prohibition. No alarm
was felt then. Gentlemen did not cry out that
the Constitution was violated, or the rights of the
South invaded. On the contrary, southern men
themselves stood np for the measure, and at the
last session of the last Congress the same thing
took place. A gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] had then assented to the prohibition
clause, but had inserted a preamble to it, declaring
that "as the whole Territory of Oregon lay north
of the line of the Missouri compromise," &c.,
southern gentlemen, so far from preventing the in-
sertion of the clause, merely asked that the reason
for it might be stated on the face of the bill; but
this was refused; and the bill had passed the
| House with the prohibitory clause zn it by a vote
\ of 134 to 35. He wanted to know how southern
i gentlemen had voted for this who were now so
I extremely sensitive upon the subject?
| Mr. SAWYER inquired whether Mr. Smith
l had not himself voted against the amendment pro-
; posed by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
| Burt.]
| Mr. SMITH replied, certainly he had; bccause
' he was not willing that the restriction against sla-
very should be put upon that giound. But still it
was a fact that the united delegation from South
Carolina had voted for the restriction.
Mr. BURT said, that as reference had been
made to the vote of the South Carolina delegation,
it was proper to explain that it had been at the
time that vote was given the opinion of every
southern man, with the exception of one or two,
that slavery never would enter into Oregon, be-
cause it lay north of the compromise line; and it
was with that understanding that they had voted
for the clause prohibiting it. But in 1840, when
President Polk asked for an appropriation of two
millions of dollars to effect a treaty with Mexico,
a gentleman from Pennsylvania rose and proposed
what had since become so famous as the Wilmot
proviso. Then the South took the alarm. At the
next session the same proposition was renewed;
and the South could no longer doubt the existence
ofa purpose which had no w become openly manifest
to all.
Mr. SMITH said he had not asserted that the
gentleman could not give good reasons for his vote.
But if there were no good reasons then against the
restriction by an act of Congress, there were no good
reasons against the same thing now. If it was in
its own nature unconstitutional now, it was equally
unconstitutional then. If Congress had power
under the Constitution to pass such a restriction
in Oregon in 1845, it had the same power to pass
the restriction in California in 1848: if it had no
power now, it had none then. What became of
the constitutional argument?
Mr. WOODWAR13 said, he had never before
heard that the constitutionality of a measure was
a reason for voting for it. One was certainly not
bound to vote for a law simply because it was
constitutional. The question of expediency was
always a material question, and he (Mr. W.) did
not think that, as a southern man, it would be ex-
pedient for him to recognize the Missouri com-
promise, unless the North did so likewise. He,
however, did not admit that compromise to be
consistent with the Constitution. And besides,
it was a mistake, that he had voted for the Oregon
bill of the last session.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend Mr. Hil-
uard's amendment, by adding the words "and
holding the same underthe protection of the laws."
Mr. SMITH said he was not discussing the
propriety of gentlemen's votes: he was merely ad-
verting to the fact that such votes had been given,
as an answer to the constitutional argument.
Whatever might have been the course of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina after the introduction
into the House of the Wilmot proviso, yet he found
that his friend from Georgia, over the way, [Mr.
Cobb,] had voted for it long after. It was said
that the fears of the South had been alarmed by
the proviso. Georgia lay far to the south, yet her
able representative here manifested no alarm. The
same reasons for the restriction existed now which
had existed then: gentlemen considered them as
sufficient at that time; he should be sorry if they
did not consider them equally so at this.
Mr. KAUFMAN (who had been temporarily
absent from the Hall when allusion was made to
the vote of Texas, but had since returned) now
said:
I voted for the restriction of slavery in Oregon,
because all of Oregon lies north of'36g degrees north
latitude, or what is commonly known as the Mis-
souri compromise line. I voted for it because, in
the resolutions of annexation admitting Texas, the
Missouri compromise line was inserted and applied
to Texas, and now forrws a part of her constitu-
tion. But I now state to the gentleman from Indi-
ana and this House that I only gave one vote to
prohibit slavery in Oregon, and that vote was given
before the Wilmot proviso was moved in this
House: no man had heard of the Wilmot proviso
when I gave that vote. I never have voted against
slavery in Oregon since the Wilmot proviso was
introduced into and passed by this House. I never
will vote to excludc slavery from Oregon or any
other Territory of the United States as long as I
see the North determined to force down upon the
South the Wilmot proviso. I have no idea of the
South observing the Missouri compromise while
the North repudiates it. And I never should have
given the vote I did, if I could have foreseen the
introduction and passage of the Wilmot proviso
by this House. But I will again vote for restrict-
ing slavery in Oregon, if the North will agree to
extend the Missouri compromise line so as to apply
to the Territories of California and New Mexico.
And this 1 understand to be the universal senti-
ment of the South.
Mr. SMITH asked Mr. Kaufman whether he
had not voted for the bill afterwards?
Mr. KAUFMAN said he had not; and he never
would as long as the North should resist the Mis-
souri compromise.
Mr. SMITH said he did not undertake to say
how the gentleman would settle the question with
