1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
his constituents; that was his own affair; hut the j
gentleman had at that time held very different |
opinions from what he appeared to do now. ;
Mr. KAUFMAN. Not at all. He would still ;
vote the same way, and adhere to the Missouri I
compromise, provided the North would do like- j
wise. Until the Wilmot proviso wag introduced, ;
the North had never shown any disposition to j
repudiate the Missouri compromise; on the con- |
tiaiy, in the annexation of Texas it had been i
expressly reaffirmed, and by northern votes. !
Mr. SMITH trusted that this bill would be con- !
sidered and acted upon on its own merits, without j
connecting it with New Mexico or California. ;
Mr. S. was, however, for excluding slavery from 1
all the Territories. '
Ever since the foundation of this Government, 1
our policy had been to restrict slavery wherever
it could be done. The Missouri compromise was
an act restricting the extent of slavery; but this
Government had never passed any act, at any time, -
to advance the extent of slavery one foot.
Mr. COBB here inquired whether the extension i
of shivery had not been contemplated in the forma- :
tion of the Constitution, as was mariiftsted by 1
admitting the importation of slaves as late as 1808?
Mr. SMITH insisted that the extension of sla-
very had not been contemplated, but the reverse, i
And this very clauseabout the nnpoitation of slaves ;
till 18U8 was itself of a restriune character, and ;
showed that the framers of the Constitution iooked '
forward to the ultimate extinction of slavery
throughout the Union.
Mr. McLANE put some inquiry to Mr. Smith,
which was not heard by the reporter; but was un- <
derstood to be, in substance, whether a provision
to divide a slave State into two was not a piovision ;
that looked to the extension of slavery? I
Mr. SMITH said it did not. The division of jj
a State into two States neither increased nor di-jj
mimshed the number of slaves it contained, and ■
did not extend slavery a foot.
The South had not once been so extremely sen- j'
sitive as she was now. Whence came the ordt- |
nance of 1787? Was that the work of noithem
abolitionists? Was it a contrivance of fanatics
who had but one idea? Even, body knew that it
had proceeded from the hands of southern men.
The committee, consisting of southern gentlemen,
wei e unanimous m the policy of prohibiting slavery ,
throughout the whole extensive territory ceded by
Virginia to the United States. They reported the
ordinance, and the Confederation concurred m
their report without a dissc-ntmg voice. Did any-
body complain that the North were invading the
rights of the southern States? Not at all. And how-
had it been at the time of the acquisition of Loui-
siana? it was then agreed that slavery should
never exist thereto the north of 36° 30'. Did the ;
South regard the Constitution as violated by this? !
Was any ciy raised here against the fanatics?1
What did they now contend form theNoith? Fur !
the abolition of slavery within any one of the
States—for the least interference with the rights of
a slaveholder ? Not at all; not at all. All they ,
asked was, that territory now free be suffered to ,
remain free. Was this interfering with the South ?
Far from it. Mr. S. would be as far as any man
on that floor from doing anything that militated ;
against the harmony of all the States; but when 1
he found m our possession territory which we had j
acquired as free territory, he was for keeping it ;
free. This territory had brought upon us only j
the evils predicted by the opponents of the war.
These were the bitter fruits of the unauthorized !
measures of this Administration. All this had
been foretold in warning tones; gentleman had
been warned in time that this very state of things
would come upon the country. The Whigs, the
opponents of the war, had found it here. He called ;
all men to witness that they had done all in their
power to keep this territory out of the Union. He
gloried in the stand they had taken against it, and j
m the powerful aid they had recci\ed from their
southern fnends; but all had been m vain. They
now found it here, and they must meet it like men
and like statesmen. Mr. S. never would consent
to extend shivery by any act of his. There was
not a man opposed to the war who had not pre-
dicted what we now saw. The "Whigs did not
take their opponents by surprise; and if they ■
could not avoid the agitation which this contest
was creating all over the country in any other ,
way, lie would cast the whole territory from us as
t a burden and a curse. It was,merely a bone of
| contention. He was not afraid of the responsi-
| bility. This hated acquisition had cost us one
hundred millions of dollars, and thirty-five thou-
sand human lives, and after all, it was worse than
worthless. It would be found in the end the dear-
est acquisition which this country had ever made.
If we continued to hold this territory, we must
settle some form of government for it. Gentlemen
referred to the cases of the acquisition of Louisi-
ana and the annexation of Texas; but were these
cases of the extension of slavery? Not at all; they
were cases of its restriction. He would ask of the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] how the
restriction in the annexation resolutions, which
prohibited the extension of slavery north of 36°
30', had been observed in practice?
Mr. KAUFMAN said it had been carried out
to the very letter. According to the reading of the
annexation resolutions, the States formed out of
Texas lying north of the Missouri compromise
line were to prohibit slavery. But whatever may
be the construction of the annexation resolutions,
they are the supreme law of the State of Texas;
for they form a portion of her constitution, and
all the provisions of the constitution of Texas on
the subject of slavery are subordinate to, and con-
trolled by, the annexation resolutions.
Mr. SMITH asked if the constitution of Texas
did not establish the existence of slavery through-
out the whole extent of the State; and whether it
did not forbid the Texan Legislature to pass any
act for the abolition of it?
Mr. KAUFMAN replied that the prohibition
was not against the abolition of slavery, but the
abolition of it without the consent of the owners of
the slaves. The annexation resolutions were in-
corporated into the constitution of Texas and !
formed a part of it. j
Mr. VINTON asked whether the Legislature of !
Texas had passed any law prohibiting the carry- j
ing of slaves beyond the line of 36° 30'? j
Mr. KAUFMAN replied that the resolutions of 1
annexation did not require that it should. No gen-
tleman could fairly charge Texas with bad faith
when she had made the very words of the annex-
ation resolutions a part and parcel of her constitu-
tion. Does not the gentleman contend that the
annexation resolutions forbid slaves from going
north of 30° 30' in Texas? And would a law of
the Texas Legislature be more binding than her
constitution ?
Mr. SMITH (resuming) said that gentlemen
might plead as they would, but they well knew
that the word of promise mi°ht have been kept to
the ear, but was broken to the sense. All he knew
about it was, that the compromise was understood
by all to be, that there should no slavery exist north
of 3G° 30'. If Texas meant to observe and carry
out that compromise in good faith, ought she not to
have passed a law rendering it impossible that sla-
very .should have any existence north of that line>
Yet it did exist there. Slaves were at this hour
held in Texas north of that line; and they would
continue to be held there till doomsday; for Texas
declared that slavery should not be interfered with
either north or south of the line.
Mr. STEPHENS said that the resolutions of
annexation had been incorporated into the consti-
tution of Texas and formed a part of it.
Mr. SMITH. Does the gentleman mean to say
that slaves cannot now be held to the north of 36°
30'?
Mr. STEPHENS. They cannot.
Mr. SMITH. I have read hei constitution, and
I never so understood it.
Mr. BAYLY here put a question to Mr. Smith,
not heard at the reporter's desk.
[A geographical conversation (partly informal)
here took place as to whether any poition of Texas
actually extended to the north of 36° 30'.]
Mr. SMITH quoted the constitution of Texas.
Mr. BAYLY repeated his question, which was
now undeistood to be, Whether Texas did extend
north of the compromise line?
Mr. SMITH said he so understood it.
[Voices: "You are mistaken in the geography."]
Mr. KAUFMAN said that Texas did extend
north of the compromise line; but all that portion
of Texas lying north of that line had formerly
constituted a part of New Mexico. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Smith] was right. The
annexation resolutions so declare \
Mr. SMITH again quoted the constitution of
|j Texas as to the permission to form two or more
j| States, and requiring that slavery should be abol-
|; ished north of the line, but that south of it the
j' States should be received with or without slavery,
! as the inhabitants should decide for themselves.
| He wenton to say, whatever territory Texas might
j hold to the north of the lineyshe did, under her
j constitution, subject the country to the curse of
j slavery up to the time that new States should be
I formed, and should come into the Union; and that
I would be just as long as she chose; since no new
' States could be formed without her sanction. A&
1 long as she refused her consent, slavery would
> continue. He therefore insisted that, as to the
practical result, the compromise had not been car-
■ ried out in its spirit.
I Mr. S. said he was not now going to enter into
! the constitutional argument as to whether Con-
i! gress did or did not possess power to prohibit sla-
very in the Territories. Jt seemed astonishing to
him that there could be any controversy on the
subject. It had certainly never been doubted be-
, fore. The light was recognized by the fiamersof
the Constitution, and acted on by every Congress
from that day to this. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] had said that the power had
! never been exercised on the admission of any State
1 but Wisconsin. He was mistaken; and he would
' see he was mistaken, if he looked at the admission
! of Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois. He would
; advise the honorable gentleman to examine into
1 this. He would find that they had Governments
; granted to them, "similar in all respects to the
1 provisions of the ordinance of 2787;,r and did not
the ordinance of 1787 prohibit slavery' Did not
> the gentleman from Virginia know that the Legis-
lature of Indiana had at one time petitioned Con-
gress to suspend the restriction? But why ask
that it be suspended, if it had no existence? The
petition was rejected, indeed, but it proved the ex-
istence of the restriction. There was no solitary
instance of a Territorial Government, since the
adoption of the Constitution, which was free,
where slavery had not been directly prohibited. It
had been done for more than fifty years. Every
foot of free soil had been kept free. Why had it
so suddenly been discovered that this was an in-
vasion of the rights of the South?
Mr. BAYLY said that if proper time were al-
lowed him, he could answer the gentleman, and
satisfy any candid mind that his (Mr. B.'s) posi-
tion was correct.
Mr. SMITH said it was impossible for him to
spare the gentleman any more of his own lime,
which was rapidly passing away. He did not
know whether the gentleman considered Mr. S.
as possessing a candid mind or not, but he claimed
to know the common meaning of language. When
the law said " in all respects similar to the ordi-
, nance of 1787," he thought it meant to prohibit;
; slavery.
I Mr. DUER reminded Mr. 3.,too. that the ordi-
nance used the word " inhabitants,55 which was of
the widest meaning.
Mr. McLANE was understood to inquire (but
he was not distinctly heard at the seat of the re-
porter) whether the prohibition existed anywhere
beyond the limits of the Northwest Territoiy, to
which alone the ordinance of 1787 applied?
Mr. SMITH said, Yes, outside of that Territo-
ry. Where the soil was free, slavery had always
been prohibited.
Mr. McLANE was furthei undeistood to ask
whether Air. S. had found any case where it had
been prohibited, save by the Missouri compromise
or by the ordinance of 1787 :
Air. SMITH was heard (amidst much disorder
! and conversation) to say that it embraced all the
territory of the United States.
Air. McLANE inquired whether Mr. S. meant
■ to refer to Arkansas and Missouri?
j What Mr. S.'s reply was may be known to
those within a few yards of him.
Air. SMITH then went on to say that Congress
weie now asked to take a new position, to adopt
an entirely new course, and extend sla\ery into
territory now free. It amounted to this, that the
Congress of the United States, representing free
as well as slave States, should engage in the busi-
ness of extending slavery. Had this ever yet been
done? Never. Congress had acted m the restric-
tion of slavery, never in its extension. They were
now called on to establish it. Had Congress any
, power to establish it? Would gentlemen's zeal
