1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
turcs; and he had now been compelled to write for
money to carry him home.
Mr. N1LES adverted to the great inequality
which, unless some provision of this kind should
be made, would exist between the compensation
of a member from California, whose pay and mile-
age would amount on an average to some £2,500
the session, while those nearer the seat of govern-
ment would not receive above §800. He thought
it right that something should be done to make it
more equal.
Mr. CALHOUN contended that members of
Congiess were worse paid than any other portion
of the Government. It would have been wiser if,
in the first instance, a specified allowance had been
made for thein. He knew of no better mode of
making the compensation just than this system of
mileage, which he did not regard as fixed too high.
He concurred in the views of the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] that a difference
ought to oe made between the member who is
two thousand miles from his family and his busi-
ness, and him who is within two hundred miles
of both. He also regarded it as a point worthy of
consideration that this mileage had its effect in dis-
couraging any attempt to remove the seat of gov-
ernment to a more central position, and referred to
the situation of the principal capitals of the Euro-
pean nations, which were always located near the
most assailable points, and not in the centre of the
kingdoms to which they belonged.
The question was then taken and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Baldwin,
Bell, Benton, Borland, Bradbury, Breese,Butler, Calhoun,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis ot Mississippi, Davton, Dickinson,
Dodge, Douglas, Downs, FiUgeiald,Foote, ilaimpgan,Hous-
ton, Hunter, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson ot Georgia,
King, Lewis, Miller, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon,
Turney, Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, liright, Davis of* Massachusetts,
Dix, Feh'h, Hamlin, Mason, MetcaKe, Niles, Spruance,
Underwood, and Upham—12.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after about an hour spent therein, the
doors were reopened; when—
The following bills were considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole, severally read a third time, and
passed:
For the relief of Charity Harrington.
For6, the relief of the legal representatives of
Thomas J. V. Owen, deceased.
Joint resolution for the relief of those preemp-
tion claimants upon the Miami lands in Indiana,
who, by their services in the Mexican war, are
entitled to bounty lands.
For the relief of Archibald Beard.
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
State to furnish the clerk of the district court of
the United States for the western district of Vir-
ginia with four copies of Little & Brown's edition
of the Laws of the United States.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jhigust 1, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GREEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the bill to establish an addi-
tional land office m the State of Missouri. Ob-
jected to.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the "W hole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Morehead, of
Kentucky, m the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill to establish the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Oregon.
The question pending when the committee rose
yesterday was on agreeing to the amendment moved
by Mr. Rockwell, of Connecticut, to the first sec-
tion, to confirm to the missionaries at the several
stations land not exceeding in quantity in each case
64U acres.
The question was now put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was then put on striking out the
first section, and it was rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved the following as a new
section, to come in between the 2d and 3d sections:
.fold be it further enwf.rd, That all that portion of territory
delineated a* California and New Mexico on DisturnelPs
map of Mexico, a copy ot which map was added to the lata
tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo between the United States and
Mexico, shall be divided by an east and west line, and con-
stitute two distinct Territorial Governments. The northern
portion of said territory shall be known and styled North
California. The southern portion of said territory shall be
known and styled South California. The dividing line be-
tween them shall be Hie parallel of degrees of north
latitude, (from the Rio Grande to the Pacific,) commonly
known as the Missouri compromise line. In said Territory
of North California, slavery or involuntary servitude (except
for ciline) slrill be prohibited. Said Territory of South
California shall stand in ail respects in regard to slavery on
the same footing as did the Territory of Louisiana at the
time of it* cession to the United States. Both said Terri-
tories of North and South Cahtornia shall be organized in
eveiy other respect as the Territory of Oregon is provided
to be organized by this act.
This amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Chairman, be good enough
to state the precise point.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill before the com-
mittee is a bill to provide a Territorial Government
for the Territory of Oregon, and the proposition
of the gentleman from Texas is to organize Terri-
torial Governments for New Mexico and Cali-
fornia. The Chair rules the amendment out of
order; and the question is, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgmentof the committee?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers, and
they were ordered, and reported 88 in the affirma-
tive, and 60 in the negative. The decision of the
Chair was therefore sustained.
Mr. BOYDON moved to strike out the words
,4and shall approve of all laws passed by the
Legislative Assembly before they shall takeeifect,"
in the second section. [The effect of the amend-
ment would be to take out of the hands of the Gov-
ernor the power of approval or disapproval of the
laws of the Legislature.]
Mr. B. said that, for one, he had great objections
to this clause; and he was convinced that if it
were once thoroughly understood, it never could
be agreed to. All legislative power was by the
Constitution granted to Congress* Congress had
delegated it to the Territorial Legislature, and Con-
gresscould veto any laws made by that Legislature.
Here was a Governor appointed by the President of
the United States: and the bill gave him an abso-
lute veto on the laws of the Territory. Should
the bill pass with this feature in it, the power vir-
tually of making laws for the Territory would
j effectually be secured to the President. And the
' result would come to be, that the laws passed by
the Territorial Legislature would be draughted in the
White House, and his Governor would negative
the acts of the Legislature unless they conformed
to this dictation. Was it possible that Whigs, the
friends of freedom, the determined enemies of Ex-
ecutive encroachment, were going to pass a bill
like this, giving the appointee of the President an
absolute veto? He trusted not. He could not
conceive how any reflecting man, any man possess-
ing a single right idea of civil liberty could con-
sent to transfer the legislative power, indirectly,
from Congress to the President. He trusted m
God they were not going to strengthen a power
which already threatened to swallow up ail the
powers and departments of Government and de-
stroy all remains of liberty. Gentlemen were for
taking good carc of the appointing power: they
would not trust that to this Governor;«that wss re-
served to the President; but it was now proposed
that they should surrender the power of Congress,
and agree to give the President an absolute veto
on all the legislation of the Territories.
Mr. CLARK (pro forma) moved to amend the
amendment by staking out before the words4' grant
pardons," &e., the words he may. He observed,
that at the last session, a territorial bill was passed
granting power to the Governor to arrest by his veto
the legislation of the Territory. Much had been
said about " the one-man power;'1 and ever since
the celebrated A llison letter, it was assumed by gen-
tlemen that the Constitution of the United States
ij ought to be so changed as to restrict the power of
11 the President by abolishing the veto. What had
:■ occurred within the last two years to justify this
j' change? Last year as many as fifty Whigs had
ji voted for the identical clause which was now so
| vehemently opposed, giving a Territorial Go^rnor
!, an absolute veto. The very gentlemen who now
j defended the Allison letter, and even the gentlemen
i who voted to adopt it as the Taylor platform, had
by yeas and nays voted in favor of a bill with this
veto in it. The Speaker of the present House, he
;! believed, was one of the number, and with him
II went nearly the whole Massachusetts delegation.
But now a different doctrine was heard; and now
the House must pass no laws but in conformity to
the doctrines of the Allison letter.
The CHAIR here reminded Mr. Clark that the
rule of the House required a gentleman offering an
amendment to speak during his Jive minutes to the
amendment he Had offered.
Mr. CLARK said he was discussing the power
which this bill conferred on the Governor of Ore-
gon. He would refer the House to the Journal of
the second session of the last Congress, page 175.
There they would find that this very provision had
been voted for by yeas and nays. Mr. C. withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH moved to amend the sec-
ond section by inserting, in lieu of the words moved
to be stricken out by Sir. Boydon, the following:
" And shall approve and sign all laws passed by
the Legislative Assembly; but if he shall refuse to
sign and approve any bill, the same shall become
a law if reenacted by a majority of the whole num-
ber of delegates elected to said Assembly, or if the
same shall not be returned within ten days of its
passage."
Mr. S. said, that his views of the veto power, as
it should be, were these: the Governor ought to
examine all bills sent to him by the Legislature,
and if he did not approve a bill, he ought to return
it to them with his objections; let those objections
be spread upon the Journal; and then, af'tei his
objections had been duly considered, if the Le-
gislature still deliberately adhered to their former
opinion, they should have power to pass the bill,
the objections of the Governor notwithstanding.
This plan had been tried in his own State: it had
worked well, and he knew of none who wished to
change it.
The amendment of Mr. Smith was declared to
be carried, but the yeas and nays were demanded.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether this amend-
ment, if adopted, would go into the bill and become
pari of it?
The CHAIR replied that it would.
Mr. VINTON then said that he should move to
strike out the last clause of the gentleman's amend-
ment. Mr. V. said he was led by experience of
the past to oppose the veto altogether. By the or-
dinance of 1787 the veto power was given to the
Governor of the Northwest Territory, as it was
proposed to be conferred by the present bill; but
the power had been so outrageously abused, and
the application of it created so much discontent
among the people, that, as soon as they were nu-
merous enough to form a constitution for them-
selves, they deprived the Governor of the veto
altogether; and, so far from the alterations hawng
worked any evil, experience had shown that they
got on better than when the power was freely used.
The same state of things existed m Virginia: there
was no gubernatorial veto m that State. There
was still greater objection to its existence in Oie-
gon. When a man appointed by Execuu\e au-
thority was sent into a Territory three thousand
miles distant from the seat of Government, he would
have it in his power to practise abuses to a fearful
extent. If he was a man who had any thing of the
tyrant in him, he could and would do so till the
grievance became intolerable. Pie should vote for
striking out, but not for inserting as was proposed.
Mr. McLANE wanted to retain the veto power
in the hands of the Governor, but to balance it by
requiring him to be elected by the people.
Mr. ASHMUN hcie raised a point of order,
but, as the reporter understood, it was overruled.
Mr. McLANE then proposed to amend the
clause to be stricken out by inserting that the Gov-
ernor should be elected by the qualified voters of
the Territory.
Mr. McL. said he was opposed to placing a
veto in the hands of a Governor appointed by the
President, and he agreed with the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Boydon] that it would be un-
just to the people of the Territory to give an abso-
lute veto in ail legislative proceedings to one so
appointed; it was enough that Congress had a veto
on all their laws. But he would have the people
elect their own Governor, and then he should not
object to leave the veto in his hands. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had reminded the
committee that there existed no veto in Virginia.
He might have added Maryland also-, and he did
not think that the people of Maryland, if they had
now the formation of their own constitution, would
confer the veto on their Governor.
