1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
Mr. BIRDSALL replied there was no question
but our best title to Oregon was acquired by the
Louisiana purchase.
The amendment of Mr. Birdsall was lost.
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out all that part
of the section which extends the rights, privileges,
and advantages, and the conditions, restrictions,
and prohibitions of the ordinance of 1787 to the
Territory of Oregon.
He did this for the purpose of testing the sense
of the committee on this subject. He denied that
Congress had the power to legislate on the ques-
tion of slavery in the Territories. There was a
sovereignty existing in the people—he did not care
whereorm what capacity you found them—wheth-
er m a town, a county, or a Territory. Our laws
and our Constitution were predicated on the fact
that the people had a right to self-government. It
was within the province of Congtess to establish
genera] laws for the government of that Territory,
but not to descend to particular legislation upon
domestic questions. Was there a gentleman in
this House who would now get up and say he be-
lieved the Congress of the United States had the
right to pass the ordinance of 1787, or that the
present Congress had the right to pass a similar
ordinance ? It was a mere gtatuitous act of legis-
lation upon the part of that Congress which estab-
lished that act, and it was a mere gratuitous act in
this Congress to impose that ordinance upon the
people of Oregon. The Missouri compromise act
had been acquiesced in by general consent, but
was not felt to be binding on any of the States.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] had
yesterday argued that the States formed out of the
territory northwest of the Ohio had not the same
power as (he other States of the Union. He (Mr.
S.) held, on the contrary, that those States had
the same power; that they had been admitted on
an equal footing, with equal rights, privileges, and
immunities with the other States; and that the
State of Ohio, or any other State formed out of
the Northwestern Territory had the right to estab-
lish slavery within their limits. If Congress had
the power to say that slavery should not be ex-
tended to Oregon, then surely they had the same
right to say it should be established there. Con-
gress had no such power; that power was confined
to the establishment of a general code of laws, and
it was the privilege of the people of the Territory
to enact such local and domestic laws as they
wished to be governed by. He understood that
the people of that Territory had already passed a
law abolishing slavery. Were not gentlemen will-
ing that those people should be governed by their
own laws? He wanted the committee to strike out
all this extraneous matter, and legislate only upon
the subjects on which they should legislate—on
subjects of general legislation.
Another point: there was a great deal of feeling
between the North and the South on this subjcct.
He was willing to compromise, where he lost
nothing, in order to satisfy gentlemen; and when
they came to pass Territorial bills for the other
Territories, if he should be honored with a seat on
this floor, he should vote in the same way, and
leave the people, who were capable of deciding it,
to say by what laws they would be governed in
their local arid domestic matters.
Mr. CRISFIKLD moved to strike out the 12th
section.
The CHAIRMAN stated that this motion would
not be m order till the section was perfected.
The amendment of Mr. Sawyer was agreed to:
Ayes 73, noes 66. So the first pait of the section
was stricken out.
Mr. GAYLE moved to insert at the end of the
section a proviso that nothing contained in the
section should be so construed as to exclude sla-
very from the said Territory, or to continue in
force any laws which had been passed on the sub-
ject.
Mr. DICKINSON moved an amendment to the
amendment, to add the words "unless consented
to by the inhabitants of the Territory.
lie considered this 12th section as embracing
two subjects: the ordinance of 1787, and a pro-
vision recognizing the law of the present Terri-
tory. He had voted for striking out the first
portion, supposing that if they retained the latter
part they also recognized the ordinance of 1/67.
He should vote for "the bill whether the ordinance
of 1787 was contained in it or not; but he would
prffer that the whole matter be left to the people,
who were capable of managing it for themselves.
He considered it despotism m Congress to under-
taken dictate to the people of the Territories that
they should have this, that, or the other institu-
tion among them; and he was sustained in this
position by some of the highest judicial authority.
Judge McLean, in a communication in the Na-
tional Intelligencer, of December 29, 1847, had
said there was no power granted to Congress by
the Constitution to legislate for the Territories.
He had said:
"The power to institute slavery belongs exclusively to the
community in which it exists. In the language ot Chief
Ju:?uec Taney, in Gioves vs. Slaughter, 15 i'eters, 508, a
State ha  a right to decide itself whether it will or will not
permit b)ave« to be brought within its limits from another
State, either tor sale or any other purpose; and alf-o to pre-
scribe the manner and mode in which they may be lntio-
duced, and to determine then- condition and treatment; and
this action cannot he controlled by Congress, eithei by v ii tue
of its power to regulate commerce, or by vu'tue of any other
power conferred bv the Constitution of the United States.
"And in the ca=e of Prigg vs. the Commonwealth ot Penn-
sylvania, 16 Peters, 611, the Supreme Court >ays: 'The
utdte of fclavei> is deemed to be a mere municipal jegula-
tion, founded upon and limited to the range of the terntOiial
law>;' and cit is manifest from this consideration, that if
the Constitution had not contained the clause oi recaption,
evety non-slaveholtung State in the Union would have been
at liberty to have declared free all runawa> slaves; coming
within its limits, and to have given them entire immunity
and protection against the claims of their masters.'
"The true con&tiuction of the Constitution is, that im-
plied poweis can only be exercned in carr>ing into eftect a
specific power. And thia implication is limited to t-uch
measuies as shall be appropriate to the subject. This j* an
admitted and -ate lute of construction. It is believed to tie
the only one which has been sanctioned bv statesmen and
jiiiists. Powers exercised beyond this are riot derived fiom
the Constitution, butmu^t depend upon an unhmueii discie-
tion. And this it despotism.
"Now, theie is no specific power in the Constitution
which authorizes the oiganization of a territorial govern-
ment. Such a power was given in ielation to the jjistnct
of Columbia, and it was equally neeessar> m regaid to other
teintoues. feut it this powei be implied from the >pecitic
powei given to leguhite the di^pu-iuun of the public lands,
it must, undei the above mle, be hunted to the mean-, suit-
able to the end in \iew. Jf Congie^ go beyond thi-s in the
organization of a territorial govemtmnt, Ihey act without
limitation, and may establish a monarchy ! Admit that they
may organize a government which shall protect the lands
purchased, and provide for the administration of justice
among the settler.-*: it does by no means follow thai they
may establish slavery. This is a relation which must be
created by the local sovereignty. It is a municipal r< filia-
tion of limited extent, and, necessarily, of an equally lim-
ited origin. )t is a domestic relation over which the Fed-
eral Government can excicise no control. And, above all,
the institution of slavery is not within any implication which
can be drawn liom the power to regulate the di-po^ition of
the public lands oi other pioperty ot the United States.. As
before remarked, slaves are not treated m the Constitution
as property. They are made propeity by the local law.5'
He had voted against laying on the table the
compromise bill of the Senate. That bill was
objectionable; but, fiom due respect for the Sen-
ate, and for the purpose of impioving the bill,
he had been induced to vote against laying it on
the table. The restricting the people from legis-
lating upon the subject of slavery, gave the slave-
holders an advantage in New Mexico and Califor-
nia, which they would not have in Oregon. The
principles of the common law prevailed m Oregon,
which considered every man a ficeman until other-
wise proven. But in New Mexico and Califor-
nia the principles of the civil law prevailed, which
recognized property in persons. Now, if a slave-
holdei went into these Tenitones with his slaves,
the laws which pievailed theie recognized such
property; the slaveholder would, as a matter of
course, be protected in this species of property.
And it the people of such Territories, or their Le-
gislature, were prohibited from legislating on this
subject, the courts of law must protect their slave
property. He knew it was said that Mexico had
declared freedom to all slaves m that country. But
that did not change the laws of the country which
recognized property in persons; and, although all
the staves at the time were declared free, there was
nothing to prevent persons enforcing the rights of
property in persons who go there now. If such
was the Jaw, the slaveholdei would have had de-
cided! y the advantage in the Territories of New
Mexico and California. But, for the purpose of
perfecting this compromise bill, it would have been
as well to have received the bill and made such
amendments as would have secured the rights of
every section of the Union, without protecting the
slaveholding interests exclusively. He withdrew
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GIDDIjNGS renewed the motion of his col-
league, for the purpose of correcting a misappre-
hension into which he had fallen. The distinguish-
ed jurist to whom allusion was made had never
declared that Congress had not the power to make
the Territory free; but, on the contrary, he had
said that Congress could not create slavery in that
Territory. What was slavery? It was itself a
crime; it was the taking a man and subjecting him
to the will of others, which the Constitution itself
prohibited. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the 12th section, by inserting after the word "with"
in the 15th line, the words "the Constitution of
the United States and"—so that the same would
read, "so far as the same be not incompatible with
the Constitution of the United States and the prin-
ciples and provisions of this act." Agreed to.
He also offered a verbal amendment, which was
agreed to.
Mr. PALFREY moved an amendment to the
provision which extends the laws of the United
States, so far as they are applicable, over the Terri-
tory, so as to except the 3d and 4th sections of the
act approved the 3d day of February, 1793, provi-
ding for the recapture of fugitives from labor and
service. lie begged the committee to give a mo-
ment's consideration to this amendment. The
Constitution provides that, when a man has a
controversy with his neighbor to the amount of
twenty dollars, he shall have a trial by a jury of
his peers; but, by this odious law—the most
abominable, he believed and hoped, upon the
statute book—his liberty, which is of infinitely
greater value, was at the mercy of every stupid or
corrupt petty magistrate, whom the kidnapper
could contrive to cheat or bribe. The law which
he wished to except said nothing of white or black;
though, if it did, it would not alter the principle.
He did not look to slaves merely. The law re-
ferred to all persons held to labor and seivice. It
applied to indentured apprentices as well as Afri-
can slaves; and were they willing that it should
extend to persons charged with owing service in
that capacity? Men m a new community like that
do not know one another, and, accordingly, the
operation of this law would be attended with pecu-
liar danger. A stranger may come amongst them,
white or black; whether a slave, or free black;
whether a free white man, or an apprentice, is not
known; but these laws enable a person to come
from a distant part of the country and claim him.
The character of the person making the claim may
not be known to those who even do not know each
oiher; and he entreated the committee to consider
if they would put such persons in such a position?
He tfad not much expectation that his amendment
would pass, and yet he could see no reason why
it should not have the support of every man,
whether from the North or South. He had not
now asked for the repeal of the law, for such a
motion would not now be m order, but he asked
that it might not operate in that distant Ttmtory,
where there was manifest danger of its working
extreme and cruel wrong. The amendment was
rejected.
Mr. H1LLIARD submitted a proviso to be
added to the section providing that nothing therein
contained shall be so construed as to prevent a
citizen of any of the States going there and taking
with him his property of every description. On
this amendment he spoke during his five minutes,
and expressed the opinion that the peisons in Ore-
gon ought not to have power over the property of
the citizens of the States. It would be monstrous
if peisons who do not own a single acre of land
there should have the right to decidc on the pro-
perty of those who might desire to go there. It
was only necessary to raise a question of that
kind to make its absurdity apparent. He hoped
his amendment would prevail. It was inoffensive
in its terms, but it was intended to reach its ob-
ject.
■ Mr. CHASE moved to amend the amendment
i of the gentleman from Alabama, by adding the
I following:
PiovWed, That nothing herein contained shall he con-
1 ^n'ered as an assumption of the power, upon the pait of the
' Consres* ot the United States, to mterfeie with thc e.vtab-
, lishment of slaverv in said Territory; or as authonzing the
inhabitants thereof, having the right to \ote by the piow-ions
of thi*. bill, to establish or piohibit slavery prtviou- to an ap-
i phcanon for the admission of said Tcrritoiy into the Union
j as a sovereign State.
i The amendment was not agreed to.
1 Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend the amend-
| ment of Mr. Hilliard, by adding " and holding
j the same under the protection of the laws."
1 Mr. WT. made some observations in opposition
