1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. !,
to the right to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the Territoiies.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TUCK moved to amend the amendment by
striking out the words " with their slaves and other
property, and holding1 the same therein," and on
this motion made the following remarks:
I can say but little in five minutes; but I desire,
sir, to call the attention of the committee to the
simplicity of the question which is now before the
country, and now under consideration in this
House. The question has been misrepresented,
and by some misunderstood. It is alleged that the
people of the free States seek to impose disabilities
upon the South, and establish invidious discrim-
inations, to the prejudice and disadvantage of the
people of the slaveholding States. But such is not
the case. We are willing to grant to them all the
privileges which we ask for ourselves. We are
for restricting ourselves, them, and everybody else
from peopling with slaves a country which is now
free. Southern gentlemen ask us to admit them
to hold slaves in this Territory. Sir, we shall not
do it. We shall not create the iniquitous and
hateful power for one man to hold another in bond-
age. If you demanded of us to give you the power
to sell your own children into bondage, you would
not complain of us for refusing. We shall not be
one whit the more inclined to grant you power
to hold the black man in bondage. We ask it not
for ourselves, and we grant it not to you.
Have we been so long separated from our con-
stituents as to hesitate whether or not to establish
slavery in a country now free ? If so, let us delay
the passage of this bill till we again assemble. Let
the gentlemen of the slave States consider whether
their constituents demand the sacrifice of freedom
at their hands. Look at the sentiment of Maryland,
Delaware, and Kentucky, before this fatal step be
taken. Let the member from New York, who
had just stood alone in sustaining the notorious
compromise bill, consult the spirit of the Empire
State before he again recoids himself on the side
of oppression. The public opinion of the free
States, and of several of the slave Slates also,
emphatically condemn the abominable scheme of
extending slavery into territory now fiee.
A compromise of this great question has been
proposed and strenuously advocated. But, sir, on
this matter of human liberty, involving the most
sacred principles which can ever be entertained,
there can and there will be no compromise. The
inhibition of slavery in Oregon, California, New
Mexico, and all other territory winch we shall ever
possess, is all we demand, and the least which can
ever be received. No other compromise will ever
allay the agitation which many gentlemen so much
fear.
One other thing, sir, must be done before we
shall realize that universal quiet which is so much
desired: it is the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. So long as we are doomed to look
from the windows of this Capitol upon a mart for
trade in slaves, the most extensive of any in the
world, so long, if liberty survive, will agitation ex-
ist in the country. As a conservative member of
this House, though called fanatical, I tell gentle-
men that we shall not see any quiet submission
while we of the free States are compelled, in hum-
ble obsequiousness to the slave power, to sustain
their peculiar institution in a District where Con-
gress has (i exclusive jurisdiction in all cases what-
soever."
Mr. Tuck's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY made a pro forma motion, to enable
him to reply to some remarks made yesteiday by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] and
mutual explanations were made by both of these
gentlemen.
[Mr. BAYLY said he should avail himself of his
riirht to make a five minutes' speech 111 explanation
of his amendment, to reply to a point made by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] on yesterday,
in answer to some remarks of his made in May
last. He wished he had time to reply to the whole
of the gentleman's argument; but, as he despaired
of obtaining an opportunity to do that, he should
confine himself now to the sintrle point leterred to.
On the occasion to which he alluded, he (Mr.
C.) had said: lt After the adoption oHhe Cousti-
' tution, in the piuer and betu r days of the Repub-
' lie, there never was any attempt by Congress to
'prohibit slavery in the Territories." The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] disputes this
proposition, and insists that such an attempt was ;
j accomplished in the bill erecting Indiana into a
j, separate Territory; and to sustain himself, hequotes
, the following section of that Jaw: ;
! u Sec. 2. J2nd he itcnacted, That there, shall be established i
• within the said Territory a government hi all re&pect* mm- :
! liar to that provided by the ordinance o{ Congress pa^ed ,
i the 13th day of Julv, 1787, for the govarnment of the tern- 1
I tory of the United State-* northwe.-t of the liver Ohm ; and i
! the inhabitants thereof shall be entitled to arid enjoy ail and i
t feinguiai the rights, privil. ges, and advantages granted and j
i frucuted to the people said ordinance." |
| The gentleman maintains that this section ex- j
| tended to the Indiana Territory not only ihe pro- |
I visions of the ordinance of 1787, organizing a 1
! government, but all of its other provisions. But it ,
j is very clear that in this he is mistaken. The j
: section erects in the Territory a government—a
, political organization—in all respects similar to ;
that created by the ordinance of J787; but it does !
i not reenact such portions of the ordinance as do not ;
| relate to the organization of a body politic. This i
, is the natural and obvious import of the language j
| used; but if there could be any doubt about it, :
j other portions of the act would remove it. This 1
section itself, after declaring that there shall be !
established in that Territory a government in all
lespects similar to that provided m the ordinance
of 1787, adds, that the inhabitants thereof shall be
• entitled to all the rights, privileges, and advantages
| granted and secured by that ordinance. Now, if
the construction the gentleman contends for is cor-
i rect, these last words were unnecessary and sur-
! plusage. And you have no right to adopt a con-
I struction which will lead to such a result.
| Other gentlemen have abandoned the ground the
gentlemen takes, but they insist that the anti-
j1 slavery provision of the ordinance was extended
| to Indiana by the words used in the second clause
j! of the section. This view, although more plau-
sible, is equally erroneous. The words used are
! taken from the Constitution of the United States,
j where they have a technical and ascertained mtan-
, ing. Not to quote other cases decided by the
' ablest judges, he would read the language of Mr. !!
Justice Washington m the great case of Corfield !:
1 vs. Corryall. Referring to the true meaning of i'
. these terms in the Constitution, he says: j:
\ The nextque.-tionis, whether th.s act infringes that sec- I,
i tion of the Coiwtitution which declares, that 'the citizens j;
| of each State shall be entitled to .ill the privileges, ana iui- :i
; mnmtie< ot citizen* in the several State?.' i!
: Tne inqtmy is, what are the pnvileges and immunities !!
, of citizens m the seveial States? We Feel no hesitation m • .
■ confining this express-ion to those pnvih ges ami iinmuMtiec. ; 1
winch aie, in their nature, fun-ltmeiitui; which belong, of ||
right.to theeiuzenso: all freegovernmenb; and which have, i;
at all tune?, been enjojed bv the citizens oi the s-evttal !
►State? which compose tiiirf Union, from the tun" of their !!
becoming tree, independent, and s-overeign. What these i
fundamental principles are, it would peiliap-* be moie tedious •'
j than difheuit to enumerate Tnev m.iv, however, he all ,j
' comprehended under the following general heads ■ Prot.cn- j|
tion by the Government; the cnjoi/jaent of life and liberty. ']
, uith the ri^ht to acquire and posssss property of every kind, i j
i and to pursue and obtain happiness and safety; i>ub|ect, \\
, nevertheless, to such restraints as the Government may ;!
justly prescribe for the general good of the whole." |[
; Most of these fundamental principles are sccured h
by the ordinance of 1787, an I it is to them, and j|
' not to its "conditions, res:-ictions, and prolubi- j|
, tions," reference is made. It is obvious this was j1
the view of Congress itself, as us subsequent legis-
1 lation will show. Mr. B. referred, on this point,
: to what he said in the speech to which the gentle-
; man had attempted to reply. On the occasion re- i;
j ferrcd to, he said:
; " And fiom the act relative to Wisconsin itself, it is evident '•[
' that it-* framers did not understand the wo>d$ in qne.-tion as j
referring to the article of the ordinance relative to slaveiv ; ,,
| for m the veiy^anie section,aftei declaring that * the inhab- J!
itants of j-an!Terntor\ shall be entitled to u'l the i l^hts. pu \ - ,
i|pffes>,and advantage-,'seeuied b\ the ordinance, it i«- nuded.
' 'and shall be subject to all the conditions and re-tnenoiif
and prohibitions in said aititles of compact;' winch woids-
: weie urinecosaryif the construction gentlemen contend tor
i?. eoir^ct " ji
; In addition to this, the acts of the gentleman him- !
' self show that he concuis in this construction. In
1 this bill which he reported, the provision m the
; case of Wisconsin is followed, and not thatcon-
! tamed m the Indiana bill. In the case of Iowa, the
J solitary precedent set in the case of Wisconsin was ■
| departed from, and a return made to the eaily prac-
tice of the Government. Mr. D. therefore felt 1
authorized to repeat the statement u Inch he had
■ before made, that in no instance in the erection of
i Territorial Governments, except in that of Wis- j
cousin, had there been an attempt to exclude sla- 11
very fiom the Territories of the United States since
the adoption of the Federal Constitution: The
ordinance of '87 was established before that event.
And in the case of Wisconsin, it was done in gen-
eral phraseology, which escaped attention at the
time,as was to be inferred from the fact that short-
ly afterwards, in the case of Iowa, the piecedent
set was departed from. He did not of course refer
to the case of the Missouri compromise. That was
I in every respect peculiar. But he would not repeat
' what he had said on a former occasion on that
: point. Mr. B.'s time here expired.]
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to insert the words
" with the exception of slaves." In support of his
amendment he spoke through his allotted time, and
insisted that Oregon should remain free territory.
He asked southern gentlemen why they would
persist in patting themselves in a wrong position
on this subject? He said the Oregon Territory be-
longed to this Union when the Missouri compro-
mise was adopted, and its freedom from slavery
they^ claimed as a right, and also under the Mis-
souri compromise.
The amendment was agreed to—65 to 58.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,replied with some
warmth to the remarks of Mr. Van Dyke, on an
amendment to insert the words "slaves made so
by conviction for crime." Having made the re-
marks which he desired to offer, he withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. LAHM renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of addressing some observations to the
committee, but he was ruled out of order, after
saying that he was in favor of extending the ordi-
nance of '87 to the Oregon Territory.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama by striking
out all after the word " Territory," and inserting
these words: "and enjoying there all the rights,
privileges, and immunities secured by the institu-
tions and laws of said Territory."
Mr. S. said: In the ftve years I have been here,
Mr. Chairman, I have never made a speech on the
subject of slavery. I have given many votes and
engaged m much legislation upon the subject, from
which my position as an advocate for free institu-
tions and free soil may be clearly inferred and
known; but I have never yet definitively presented
my views to the House, I will do that now: not
fully, of course, in these five minutes you allow
me, but plainly, as far as I can go. I have not
been able to get the floor for a more extended
argument, which I desired to make, but I will
state briefly the ground I stand upon. It is the
ground, I believe, of all the free out-speaking men
of the North or free States.
The amendment offered bv the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] affords a fair occasion
for this. It is a direct attempt to establish slavery
in the now free Territory of Oregon. I call the
attention of the committee to that. While he only
proposed to secure to every citizen of any of the
States the right to carry his property to Oregon, I
had no objection. Whatever his design, his mo-
tion then was harmless. The citizen of a slave
State might take his slaves there as property, and
the only effect would have been, that they would
thereby become free. No such property is known
in Oregon, and I trust theie never may be, noi any
laws there to secure it. But when his friend, the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] came to his aid, and suggested to the gen-
tleman from Alabama to modify his amendment so
as to provide for holding this properly when taken
there, he made it a more serious matter. It then
became just what 1 have said—a movement to es-
tablish slavery m that Territory.
Now, sir, I am against the extension of slavery
into any territory now free. I would cxclude it
by positive enactment from all Territories owned
or acquired by the United States everywhere. Let
me tell you buefly why.
A gentleman from Mississippi, [Air, Thomp-
son-,] the other day, said, that he had very little
faith in the sympathy of northern men with the
slaves. He said, he believed that was only aifect-
ation, and that really and n uly it was only a ques-
tion of political power between the free and the
si i\ e States. Sir, 1 accept that issue. Whatever
may be my other objections to slavery, I admit
that, as it presents itself for our consideration and
legislation here, it does become mainly a question
of political power.
I hope 1 have my fair share of charity, of be-
nevolence, of universal philanthropy. I trust that
