1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
I am as ready as any man to sympathize with
those who are oppressed or injured, or deprived of
their natural lights in any way, be they of what
race or color they may. Gentlemen from another
section of the Union may even consider me morbjd
in my views and feelings on such subjects—" a
northern fanatic." Perhaps, considering their
prejudices of education, as well as mine, it is
natural they should have that opinion of me, and
of those who think as I do. But let all that pass.
All 1 mean to say is, that we are not here to legis-
late upon questions of benevolence and charity, or
to compare notes in order to see whose philan-
thropy is broadest or most genuine. And I want
gentlemen from the South to know, that while they
are pleased, with little discrimination, to denounce
us all at the North as abolitionists and incendiaries,
prating about what we do not understand, and
what does not concern us, there are yet questions
and consequences purely political involved in this
proposition to extend slavery over the Territories
which we, in the free States, do understand, and
well understand.
You of the southern States desire to go to these
new Territories and to carry your " property"
there freely with you: that is, you mean to carry
your slaves, and to hold them there as slaves. But
we cannot consent to it. Waiving all controversy
about sympathy with the blacks themselves, and
the moral and social aspects of the case, we cannot
agree to it in justice to the rights of the whites, in
justice to ourselves.
For one, I do not deny that there is such a thing
as property in slaves and slave labor. I do not
say that it is right; I do not say that it ought to
be. But so it is, in some ot the States of this
Union. It is not established by the Constitution
of the United. States. That instrument, thank God,
was intended to create none but fiee institutions.
But it exists in those States, cither by municipal
law, or, if not by direct enactment, then by some
unwritten law which, in various ways, has had
the sanction of positive legislation. There it is;
but, in its essential character, it is a local institu-
tion, and we want it to spread no further. We do
not want this species of property taken into Ter-
ritories in the title to which we are interested as
partners with you. We are not willing to permit
it to be held as such property there, because it
will carry with it certain consequences and politi-
cal advantages which we can never agree to.
I have not time to speak of slavery as an evil to
the country, and the people, and their institutions,
wherever it is found. If the citizens of the States
in which it exists are satisfied with it, let them be
so. We will not disturb them in their enjoyment.
Cut we do not want it to prevail in any country
where we have a proprietorship. We know that it
paralyzes the prosperity and retards the advance-
ment of the land and the community that are sub-
jected to its influences. These Territories are our
common heritage, our joint property with you. j
We want them to prosper and grow, and we are |
unwilling to subject them to that which will weigh !
down and prevent their prosperity and growth. I ,
nn^ht enforce this by reference to the difference j
between slave and free States now in this Union; 1
but I forbear. I do not desire to indulge in any j
invidious compausons. I
But, sir, regarding this as a political question I
purely, or one, if you will, of political power, there ■
is a thing connected with slavery to which we ;
cannot and will not be blind. It is the advantage
in Federal representation which it gives. This i
much we do know m the free States, it we know
nothing else: that a man at the South with his
hundred slaves counts sixty-one in the weight of
influence and power upon this floor, while the man |
at the North with his hundred farms counts but [
one. Sir, we want no more of that; and, with the
help of God and our own linn purpose, we will 1
have no more of it. Theiefore, above all, it is
that we want no more slave territory. That is a ;
sufficient and conclusive leason, if there were no
other; and it might as well be distinctly understood
first as last. I am for no Missouri compromise,
nor for compromises on this subject of any char- ■
aeter. I want the principles of the great ordinance
of 1787, prohibiting slavery, extended over all the j
territory owned or acquued by us. I would to
God theie had been no such acquisition, 1 have
opposed, in all my time here, from the beginning, 1
eveiy schcme of annexation and all forms of ter-
litorial conquest and extension; but when, by the
greater power of others, such acquisition comes, I
am determined that with my vote there never shall
come with it anything but free and equal institutions.
Let gentlemen understand us, sir. We would
not interfere with this institution where it exists
by local law; but we want no more of it. We are
not, therefore, abolitionists. We abide by the
Constitution. But we would curse no more land;
we will not willingly submit to any more inequal-
ity of rights. This, [ undertake to say, is northern
sentiment—may I not say free American senti-
ment? Right or wrong, it is in our minds. It is
deep in our hearts. You will find it hard ever to
make us give it up.
Sir, shall I illustrate, to show that we understand
this matter? Theie is the district of the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina, who would amend
so as to extend slavery into Oregon. I have not
consulted the census to see how it may be in his
particular case, hut he probably represents some
five or six, or eight thousand voters. Now, there
are about eighteen thousand voters in my district
—eighteen thousand free white male adult citizens.
These eighteen thousand freemen have one voice
and one vote—I would it were an able one—on this
floor. The five thousand or eight thousand in
South Carolina have the same. On every bill or
resolution, or other subject of legislation here, the
eighteen thousand m Ohio can say aye or no—
once and no more—-while one-third or one-half
that number in South Carolina have also their aye
or no. We do not complain of this. I wish it
were not so. But so it was arranged, so agreed
that it should be, by our fathers when they framed
the Constitution; and we will hold by that agree-
ment in all good faith, and submit to it as part of
the price paid for this Union. But let there be no
more slave territory, to make more slave States,
to give us more of this slave representation and
inequality of weight in the councils of the nation.
Gentlemen say, that when the people of these
new Territories come to form State constitutions, i
they will have the power to establish slavery or i
exclude it at their pleasure. Well, sir, I am one j
that does not deny that power. I admit that they i
may establish slavery for themselves then, when !
they come to make their own organic and munici- j
pal laws; when they advance beyond their state j
of political pupilage, and set up for themselves as I
of full age. But that is only another reason for!
i insisting on the exclusion of slavery now, when •
: we have the power and the right to legislate for ;
such territory, and when it is our duty to do it |
wisely. I do not stop to argue that newly-discov- i
ered and strange doctrine that Congress has no i
such power of legislation for the Territories. It is '
rather late in our history, and in the history of all j
j legislation on this subject, for that modern ab- j
| surdity to take much hold on the public mind, i
! But I say, make free territory, and then we shall
I have free States made out of that territory. Ex-
clude slavery while the teintory and the people
are under our jurisdiction, and then, when they
are prepared to make their constitution and apply
for admission into the Union, they will continue
that exclusion themselves. Give them the expe- ,
nence of free institutions, and that will be our best ,
assurance that, when they have the power, they :
will continue such institutions. j
But while the subject opens before me, I find my ,
time is nearly gone. One common and specious '
reply to this protest against cariymg slavery into '
the Territories I must try, however, to notice. It
is said that extending slavery there will not in-
crease the Federal representation based upon slave ;
property; that there will be no more slaves m i
number, but they will only be spread out more 1
thinly over greatei space. If that were tiue, it,
would not take away the objection, that by the
| creation of new slave States you give them still an J
| advantage in the Senate. But it is not true. -
Whenever you open up new fields to be occupied 1
by slave labor, and extend its area over a wider
! space, you establish new markets for slave prop-
erty, and increase its value in the States where it
. now exists; and when you thus increase its value,
! you promote an increase of the number of slaves.
Early marriages among them will -be encouraged;
j they will be cared for as a marketable commodity,
■ and the very advantage of this outlet for them will, ■
[ by all the laws of population arid subsistence, add
; to their number. It is so of men as it is of cattle '
or other animals, or else all the political economists
1 are mistaken. For these reasons, then, and for ,
more, if I could state them, I am utterly and for-
ever opposed to your carrying slavery into any
Territory where my vote can prevent it.
The question was then put on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, (to insert, "shall enjoy-
all rights, privileges, immunities," &c.,) and it was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved that the committee rise,
but the motion did not carry.
The question being put on the amendment as
amended, it was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT, after a pro/oraw motion to strike
out the word " resolved," asked that an extract
from a speech of Governor McDowell, delivered
at Richmond, be read as his speech.
Mr. KAUFMAN raised a question of order.
The speech was not germane to the amendment.
After a brief conversation, the amendment was
ruled out of order. Mr. Pettit took an appeal,
but the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DUNCAN moved, as a substitute for the
amendment as amended, the following:
And inasmuch a? all of said Territory Ijes north of 36°
30', commonly called the Missouri compromise Jine, and a9
adepatture from the principles of that compromise recently
recognized in the annexation of Texas, might produce un-
foitunaterej-ults affecting injuriously the peace and harmony
of this Union, for these and other reasons, it is heieby en-
acted, that frlrivety, or involuntary seivitude, except for
crime, -hall not exist in said Territory.
After an attempt by Mr. RUMSEY to amend,
and by Mr. COLLAMER to have the question
divided, the amendment of Mr. Duncan was neg-
atived.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, having offered
an amendment pro forma, proceeded to say that
the South had contended for the constitutional right
of her citizens to emigrate to the Territories with
their property, and the error into which northern
gentlemen were continually falling, was in attempt-
ing to discriminate between slave and other prop-
erty. The Constitution made no such discrimina-
tion, and it was not in the power of Congress to
do so. Mr. B. said his principal object m rising
at this time, was to correct an error very common
among northern politicians, and into which the
remarkably astute gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] had just fallen. That gentleman had
stated, with great earnestness and apparent candor,
that the slave States had an undue or dispropor-
tionate political influence in this House, in conse-
quence of the slave population within their limits.
Exactly the converse of this proposition was true.
The slave States lose political influence, in conse-
qucncc of the slaves within their limits. In the
gentleman's State, as in all the free States, the
entire population, white and black, were enumera-
ted, and all were taken into the account in fixing
the ratio of representation. A free negro in Ohio
counted as much as a white man, in the general
enumeration of her population, and so he did in
Mississippi, and in every other State; but how
was it with slaves? Under the Constitution, two-
fifths of the whole number were excluded, the rule
being to compute the whole number of free per-
sons, including those bound to service for a term
of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, and then
add three-fifths of ail other persons, in other words,
slaves. Now, what was the practical operation
of this rule? Certainly not to increase our power
and influence here. In his (Mr. B.\s) State, a
little over one-half of the whole population were
slaves. Of these, two-fifths are excluded in fixing
the ratio of representation. Two-tenths of the
entire population are left out of the enumeration,
and our political influence diminished by that
amount, and yet the gentleman stands up here and
misleads the public mind, by asserting that slavery
increases the political power of the South.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman repre-
sent the slaves in his district?
Air. BROWN. I represent three-fifths of them;
the other two-fifths have no representative.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do the slaves vote?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly not: nordo the women
and children. Yet women and children are inclu-
ded in the enumeration, and are represented. The
free negroes in the gentleman's district do not vote,
yet they are ali counted in fixing the ratio of rep-
resentation. The gentleman represents all the
negroes in his distuct, though they do not vote.
I only represent {/tree-fifths of the negro slaves in
my district, and the political power of the district
to the extent of the remaining two-fifths is dimin-
ished.
