1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
1.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do you not represent them
as property ?
Mr. BROWN. I cannot allow the gentleman
to change the issue. Does he not regard them as
people—as population? Set them free, and you do
not increase thereby their civil rights, but you
would give them their full weight m representa-
tion. At present they have a mixed character:
they are property, it is true; but, then, they are
persons. By the laws of the land, they may com-
mit crimes, and crimes may be committed against
them. It is murder unlawfully and wickedly to
kill a slave; and if a slave maliciously slay a white
man, or a fellow-slave, he is guilty of murder. In
this and in many other respects, slaves.are per-
sons. The gentleman regards them as persons in
a'i respects; and seeing two-fifths of these persons
excluded from representation on this floor, he yet
complains that our influence is increased m conse-
quence of our slave population. Suppose there to
be five millions of slaves in the United States, (we
all know there are not so many by great odds,)
three millions enter into the computation and are
represented on this floor. Set them all free, and
the whole five millions would come in, and our
influence and power be thereby increased by the
additional two millions. But without special legis-
lation for that purpose, free men of color would
not have the right to vote any more than slaves
have that right. The civil and political rights of
the negro are not increased by the mere act of set-
ting him free. lie may rise by mere possibility
in the scale of social importance; but the chances
are, that in the course of three or four generations
lie will relapse into his original position, and be-
come little else than a degraded animal.
Mr. HILLIARD now, by common consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
Mr. CRISFIELD moved to strike out the 12th
section as amended; but it was negatived: Ayes
Go, noes 94. ;
In the 13th section, Mr. VINTON moved to
ptiike out ^5,000 m the clause for Government
buildings, and insert ^10,000.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, admitted that §5,000
was too small a sum for permanent public build-
ings; but as yet the permanent seat of government
could not be known, and ^5;000 was amply suffi-
cient for such as were at present needed.
Mr. VINTON withdrew his amendment.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. VINTON remonstrated. He hoped no
Whig would be found unwilling to go on with the
public business.
In the 15th section, Mr. VINTON moved an
amendment limiting the sum to be received by the
Delegate of the Territory as mileage for attendance
during one session in Congress to $1,500. Unless
some limit should be fixed, he would be entitled
under the existing; law to no man knew how much;
some said $16,000.
Mr. COBB warmly opposed this amendment.
Pie moved to strike it out, and to substitute for it
a declaration that the Delegate should receive no j
more than he should be entitled to receive under j
existing laws. The law of mileage ought to be j
revised; but in the mean while no difference ought !
to be made between the Delegate from Oregon and ;
any other.
Mr. VINTON said members' mileage had been :
restricted to $1,000.
Mr COBB said it was true such a clause had
been inserted in the civil and diplomatic bill, but
it was well known that the Senate would strike it
out. lie went for dispensing equal justice to all.
Let the Delegate feel, when he appeared here, that
he stood on an equal footing with all the rest.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to limit the sum to
£.2,500.
This was agreed to.
The amendment as thus amended was agreed
to: Ayes 77, noes not counted.
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the Governor was
required to give sixty days'notice by proclamation
of the tunc ami places of holding the election for
a Delegate to Congres-s.
On motion of Mr. MULL1N, a proviso was in-
serted restricting the Legislature to the passage of
laus not inconsistent with the Constitution ot the
United States, and refusing the right of action
under such as were not.
In the 18th section, Mr. HALL, of Missouri,
moved an amendment granting to every head of a
family over eighteen yeais of age three hundred
and twenty acres of the public lands, or to every
one who had legally declared his intention to be
naturalized.
Mr. BRODHEAD said the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands had reported on that subject.
Mr. COLLAMER explained. A bill had been
prepared and reported, and was: ready to be acted
on, extending the whole land system of the United
States to the Territory of Oregon, and making pro-
vision for all these cases.
The amendment was rejected.
In the 20th section, Mr. HUNT said he had
been directed by the Committee on Commerce to
move amendments, which he lead, as follows:
Sac. HI. Jind be itjurther caacttd. That all the ports, har-
bor^ shores, and waters ot the mainland ot the Territory
utore&aid, shall constitute a collection district, to be called
the di-irict ot Oregon; and a port ot entry shall be estab-
lished at Astoria, near the mouth ot the Columbia river, and
a coileuoi ot*customs shall be appointed by the President, by
and with tlie auvice and consent of the Senate, to reside at
such poi t of tntiy.
I Sec 22 <dnd be it further enacted, That the President of
i the United Stales he, and lie is hereby, authorized to e^tab-
ji liish such port  of delivery in the di>tnct created by this act, ,
II not exceeding two in nuiubei, (one ol which shall be located J
] at Nequally,) as he may deem expedient, and ma) appoint, i
b)jamt\vuh the advice and consent of tlie Senate, ^urveyois
to teside tnereat.
j Sec. &S j.hid he it further enacted, Tnat the collector of
!' said district shall be ahowed a compensation of one thou- ,
: ■ Kind dollars p.-r annum, and the fees allowed by law; and ;
; tne compensation or any surveyor appointed m pursuance i
,, of tin^ act siiiill not exceed hve hundied uollais pel annum, ,
including m said sum the fees allowed by law; and tlie j
amount collected bj any of said r-urve/ons for fees in an)
j one year exceeding the Mini of five hu.idicd dollars shall 1
1 be accounted fur and paid into the treasury ot the United j
; titate-s. s
Sec. '24. Jind- be it further enacted, That the revenue laws :
of the United States be, and are lieieb), extended over the •;
j Teiritory ot Oregon. ,!
I sec.. *23. -And be it further enacted, That the sum of ten ;j
' thousand dollais be, and the same is herein, appropnaied, {j
j out of any moneys in tne tieaaury not otheiwise apptopu- j]
ated, to be expended undei tne direction oi the Secit-tiry of i
1 the'jhitasuru tor the construction oi lignt-houses at Cape !
I Disappointment dad New Duugmes?, and toi tne consti ue-
: tion and anchoiage of the iequi>ite, iiumber of buo\.-. to in-
dicate the cnanneis at the moutn ot tne Columbia uv er, and
the app: oaches to tlie harbor oi Astoria, the said uuojs to be
i1 placed and anchored under the direction of such person as ,
! tlie Secretary ot the Tieasury shall appoint.
,! The amendments were opposed by Mr. FICK-
II LIN, and were then agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved that so much
of the act as related to appointments to be made
by the President and Senate should take ell'eet im-
mediately, and the residue in six months; but it
was rejected.
Mr. A1EADE moved an additional section, pro- ,
hibiting the Teiritonal Legislature from passing
any act prohibiting the immigration of tree people
of color.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend it by prohibit- ;
ing the admission of free negroes. I
Both amendments were rejected. j
Mr. MeCLERNAND moved to strike out all ;
after the enacting clause, and insert the (Senate's
compromise bill.
The motion was ruled out of order.
Mr. AicU-LEixNANJJ appealed, but the decision
of the Chair was sustained: Ayes 102; noes not
counted.
[Gieat upioar and confusion.] i
Mr. CABELL moved a substitute for the whole
bill. |
Mr. R.OOT objected, because the substitute pro- •
vided for Cahtorma and New Mexico as well as
Oregon.
The reading of Mr. Cabell's substitute was
further proceeding, when—
Mr. JrARAN lose to a question of order, and
said that it had already been read tar enough to
make it evident that it pioposed a government tor
the three Temtones, wlule the Dill before the com-
mittee was for the government of Oiegon. He
therefore insisted that the substitute vva& melevaiit
and out of order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and ruled
the substitute out of order.
The amendments having been gone through
with—
On motion of Mr. WEKTWORTH, the com-
mittee lose and reported the bill and amendments
to the House.
And the question being first on concurring in the
amendments of the committee, and then on the en- '
erossment—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, demanded the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered; pending which—
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the rule, and
refeired:
By Mr. FRnEDLEY: Remnnstance of citizens of tlie
eounty of Delaware, Pennsylvania, against tlie passage of
the compromise act forestablHhins'iVrntonal Governments
in Oregon, California, and New Mexico.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 1, 1848.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
James Harrington, asking to be indemnified for
loss of time and expenses during illness contracted
in the service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PELCH presented documents in relation to
the claim of Noyes.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of Peter Shseffer,
without amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN,from theCommitteeofClaims,
made an adverse report on the claim of Littleton
D. Teackle.
Mr. BREESE, from the Select Committee to
whom was referred the resolution relating to the
publication of the result of the late exploring ex-
pedition of J. C. Fremont, made an elaborate report;
which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. GREENE,
Reboivcd, That tlie Committee on Pontine he anthorizad
to deliver to Dr. E^py hw report on meteotology, to make
sucii additions thereto a-> lie may deem proper, and then by
him to be returned.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mill- ,
tary Affairs, reported a bill to grant to the State
of Wisconsin the military reservation of Fort
Winnebago, in that State, without amendment,
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending on
the 30th of June, 1843.
The second amendment giving four watchmen
to the Northeast Executive Building instead of
three, and adding §3G5 to the appropriation, was
agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing items:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, and other pur-
poses. $3,500; which several sums, amounting in the whole
to .>G,'S ,'0 shall bp pud out of the Patent rand.
For defraying the expenses of chemical anahses of vege-
table substauce?. produced and used for the food of man and
animals iri the United State*, to be exp-'iukd under tiie
direction of the Conirnissiom-i of 1' uent-, ^1.100; tlie said
sum to be paid out of the Patent fund.
Mr. BADGER wished to know why it was pro-
posed to strike out these items'
Mr. ATHERTOX said he thought these things
would be better done by individuals and scientific
societies than by the Government.
Mr. CALHOUN was m favor of the amend-
ment, as he thought the mania for purchasing
books and book-making required to be checked.
He thought, too, that the Commissioner had enough
to do without meddling with these matters, and
with which the Government ought not to connect
itself.
Mr. BADGER could not agree as to the pio-
pneiv of this amendment. He thought it cpute as
impoitant to expend a little on agricultural objects
ason geographical explorations.
MiC KING was against these expenditures,and
would vote for the amendment. He said the cost
of publishing the history of the exploring expe-
dition was ^3-i0.0U0. "Where were we to stop?
He was not aware of any information of value be-
ing derived from these agncuhuial \vmks.
Mr. HALE said he should move to strike out
the items for the exploring expedition, when we
reached them.
Air. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said we ex-
pended a great ileal of money in making discover-
ies; and those works which we are publishing are
unptufuable speculations for the Government. He
did not see, however, that this objection which had
been raised to expensive publications ought to
