1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. %
May, 1846; that was to say, that all the regiments
of the regular array should be retained, with the
complement of one hundred men to each company.
The Secretary of War, after that message of the
President, had sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means estimates for the expenditures of tEie
army during the current fiscal year, predicated on
that basis. According to these estimates, the army
of the United States, exclusive of the officers,
would consist of 20,219 persons. That number
embraced, as a matter of course, not only all the
army proper, but all the employes—all the per-
sons composing the army, or connected with the
army. The aggregate of these estimates, sent in
by the Secretary of War, upon the basis of one
hundred men to each company, was§13,858,865 56.
If the committee should decide upon the basis rec-
ommended by the President of the United States
and the estimates sent in by the Secretary of War,
the aggregate of this bill would be the sum he had
mentioned, viz: §13,858,865 56.
Mr. SAWYER rose to a question of order, and
made the point that the bill had not yet been read
through, as the rules required, before either debate
or amendment.
Mr. VINTON. That was waived by common
.consent.
The CHAIR, decided that it was too late to
make the objection.
Mr. VINTON continued. The Committee of
Ways and Means had directed him to ask the
Secretary of War to send in estimates to them
predicated upon the basis of the army as it stood
prior to the commencement of the war with Mex-
ico, or, in other words, to send in estimates to the
Committee of Ways and Means predicated on the
establishment of the army, as it would have been
if the act of May 13, 1840, was repealed. That,
as a matter of course, would leave the army in
this way; the act of 1842 reduced the artillery and
infantry from sixty-four to forty in a company.
That was the basis on which the army stood at
the. time of the declaration of war with Mexico.
Since the declaration of war with Mexico, a regi-
ment of mounted riflemen had been raised, of sixty •
four men to a company, and also a company of
engineers composed of one hundred men. That
was the estimate on which this bill was predicated;
and if the committee should be of opinion that
that should be the basis of the peace establishment
of the army, the army would then stand as it
stood prior to the commencement of the war with
Mexico, together with this additional regiment of
mounted riflemen, and this company of engineers
composed of one hundred men. The number of
persons estimated for, including employes and all, j
was nine thousand eight hundred and ninety-one '
men of every description, exclusive of officers, who
would then be in the employment of the Govern-
ment; and the bill, as it now stood on that esti-
mate as a basis, appropriated §10,595,076 56.
The Committee of Ways and Means had also
directed him to ask the Secretary of War to send
to them an estimate predicated on the supposition
that the authority given to the President of the
United States by the act of 13th May, 1846, to :
raise the companies to 100 men were repealed, ;
leaving the companies at 64 men. It would be 1
recollected, that by the act of 13th May, 1846, lliey ;
had filled up what was the skeleton army upon the ,
peace establishment, as determined by the act of j
1842. The act of May, 1846, raised the compa- ;
nies of the regiments of artillery and infantry from !
42 men each to not less than 64 or more than 100 |
men each—giving the President authority to fill up
these companies to 100 men, but not to reduce |
them below 64 men in each company. The Com- j
miuee ot Ways and Means had directed him to !
call on the Secretary of War to send in to them !
an estimate predicated on the supposition that this |
discretion be taken away from the President of the !
United States, leaving the companies at 64 men in i
a company, as they would then stand under the \
act of 13th May, 1846. The Secretary of War
had seat that estimate also to the Committee of
Ways and Means. Under that estimate, if it
should be adopted by this committee as the peace
establishment, the number of persons in the em-
ployment of the army, or belonging to the army,
exclusive of the officers, would be 13.158 men. and
the amount of the estimates predicated on that
basis was $11,325,531.
The details of all these estimates were before
him. They were in such a shape, that if the com-
mittee should decide upon either basis, the blanks j
could be filled up in a very little time. As the bill j
now stood, it was filled up in all instances on the j
second basis lie had mentioned; that was, of the j
peace establishment as it was prior to the war :
with Mexico, together with the additional regi-
ment of mounted riflemen raised since, and the
company of engineers of one hundred men. That
would be the army of the United States if the bill
stood in its present form.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, inquired what
was the difference in the estimated expense be-
tween the basis of 42 men and 64 men to the com-
pany?
Mr. VINTON replied that the estimate for 42
men to the company was $10,595,076; for 64 men
to the company, $11,325,535.
Mr. DUNCAN said the difference, then, was
about §800,000.
Mr. VINTON, (continuing.) And for 100 to
each company, the estimate was $13,858,000.
Mr. BOYD said, before the war the number of
each company was 42; they all understood, that
during the war, the companies were increased to
64 each, and authority was given to the President
to increase the number to 100 each. Did the bill
provide that they should continue on the basis of
64?
Mr. VINTON had already been endeavoring to
explain that point. This bill contained a clause
repealing the act of the 13th May, 1846, the effect
of which would be to reduce the army to the 'oasis
on which it stood before, under the act of 1842,
viz; to 42 men in each company; so that the army
would stand, in all respects, as it stood before the
war with Mexico, excepting the addition of the
regiment of mounted riflemen, and the company of
engineers of 100 men.
Mr. BOYD. The bill reduces the companies
from 64 to 42 men ?
Mr. VINTON. Yes; that is the peace estab-
lishment of 1842.
Mr. GOTT said, by the act of 1842, we had
fourteen regiments; two regiments of dragoons, j
fifty men m the company; four of artillery, and j
eignt of infantry, forty-two in the company. By
the act of 13th May, 1846, the President was au-
thorized to increase the number of privates to one
hundred in each company, and to reduce them to
sixty-four when the exigencies of the service would
permit. By the act of the 19th of May, the Ore-
gon regiment of riflemen was raised. By the act
of 1847, the provision of the act of the 13th May
was made applicable to the Oregon regiment. By
the act of 1847, also, there were added eight com-
panies of artillery—two to each regiment. If the
act of 13th of May was repealed, it would leave
the army a little above 10,000 men.
Mr. VINTON accepted this explanation, and
wished to add one word in reference to the manu-
script amendment he had sent to the Clerk, and it
was all he proposed to say. It had been his in-
tention simply to state to the committee the several
estimates which theCommittee of Ways and Means
had procured from the War Department, and what
would be the military establishment if either of
these bases was adopted, so that they would have
the whole subject before them.
Tiie amendment which had been sent up in manu-
script, and which composed a part of the proposi-
tion before them, was a provision to pay the three
j months' extra pay provided by a law which Con-
! gress had passed on the 19th of last month. "The
; Secretary of War had sent in the estimate of
$3,000,000 as necessary to provide for the three
! months' extra pay thus authorized to the officers,
1 musicians, and privates of the army. The Com-
' iiuttee of Ways and Means had directed him, asa
1 matter of course, to move that as an amendment to
. this bill. It must be provided for. And it should be
i remarked, that mall the estimates he had mentioned,
!j this >3.000,000 was included; thus the estimate
i of $13,858,000 on the basis of the largest number
j> of men, the estimate of $11,325,000 on the second
,1 basis, and the lower estimate of $10,595,000, each
I, included this §3,000,000; so that the §10,595.000
'J included in this substitute reported not only pro-
i! vided for the support of the army of the United
|j States for the current year, but provided for three
1 months' extra pay. The actual expenses, then, of
, the army for the current year under the bill would
!l be §7,595,000.
jj Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then addressed
i; the committee. He fii-stexamined the veto power,
which had engaged so much of the attention of
the House, tracing it to its rise among the Romans,
where it was employed for the protection of the
people, until it was abused by those who succeeded
to sovereign sway. He next glanced at its uses
and abuses in Norway, and then under the English
Crown; and showed that it was restored to its right-
ful purpose in this Republic, by whose Presidents
it had been used only twenty-five times, though
the enactments during that period have amounted
to seven thousand. He then proceeded to the ex-
amination of another topic—the origin, progress,
and consequences of the war with Mexico. He
said the opposite party had contended that the an-
nexation of Texas was the cause of the war, which
they denounced as unnecessary, unconstitutional,
unholy, and damnable. He then proceeded to
show that the annexation of Texas was a Whig
measure, for the annexation resolutions were those
of Mr. Milton Brown, a Whig Representative from
Tennessee, which received sufficient Whig votes
to secure their adoption. He adduced document-
ary evidence to show that those resolutions were
claimed by members of the Whig party, and
therefore he argued they were answerable for the
war and its consequences. He begged, however,
that it might be distinctly understood that the
Democratic party shrunk from no responsibility
which rightfully belongs to them in this respect.
Mr. MARSft next obtained the floor, but gave
way to a motion to rise. The committee accord-
ingly rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON then submitted a resolution fix-
ing twelve o'clock on Friday next for the termina-
tion of debate on the army bill; which, after some
discussion, was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlugust 2, 1848.
Mr. ATCHISON laid before the Senate resolu-
tions of a meeting of volunteers from Mexico, ask-
ing such modification of the laws as will give them
three months' full pay instead of pay proper; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. MANGUM presented a supplemental me>-
morial from Charles Lee Jones, charging uncon-
stitutionality on the part of the President in the
appointment of Colonel Hughes to the command
of the volunteers from the District of Columbia and
Maryland; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported the following House
bills, without amendment;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Cornelius Manning.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
i of Benjamin Hodges.
j Also, from the same committee, a bill for the
i relief of RobeK M. Harrison,
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
i mittee on Pensions, made adverse reports on the
following bills from the House;
An act for the relief of Eliza S. Roberts.
An act providing for the payment of arrearages
of pension to Anthony Walton Bayard.
An act for the relief of Francis Hmmack.
An act for the relief of Aaron Tucker.
An act for the relief of Sarah Hildreth.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the prior orders were
i postponed, and the Senate proceeded to consider
: the bill for compensating Colonel Richard M.
i Johnson for the erection of the Choctaw academy,
j The bill was then read a third time and passed.
| On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill for the relief of Ward
.1 and Smith; which, after some discussion, was read
'! a third time and passed, after some explanation
from Mr. WESTCOTT, Mr. BENTON, and Mr.
- RUSK, in reply to questions from Mr. JOHNSON,
1 of Maryland.
The claimants, it appears, are resident mer-
1' chants in California, and had advanced money to
i our navy, while off the coast, and which was des-
, titute of funds. The cluimamts took drafts on the
j! Navy Department, winch they discounted at the
;j current rates of exchange, which varied from 12j
• 1 to 25 per cent, discount. Money at that time was
