1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
merce, to which were referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to establish a collection dis-
trict in the Slate of South Carolina, and for other
purposes, reported the same back to the House,
with the lecommendation that the House concur
therein.
The amendment was concurred in, and the bill
therefore stands^ passed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred Senate bill making appropriations for
light-houses, light-boats, <fee.., and providing for
the erection and establishment of the game, report-
ed the same back to the House without amend-
ment.
The bill was committed.
Mr. G. moved that the said bill be made the
special order after the army appropriation bill shall
have been disposed of. Lost.
Mr. G., from the same committee, reported a
bill authorizing the issuing of a register to the
barque Mary Theresa.
The bill was read three times, passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
On motion of Mr. G., the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the consideration of
the bill to authorize the Secretary of theTreasury
to license yachts, and for other purposes.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
being; engros-sed, was read a third time, passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. G. also, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to regulate the pay of certain col-
lectors of the customs, and for other purposes.
Read and committed.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elliot Smith and Na-
than Farnsworth. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the Committee of the Whole was discharged
from the consideration of the bill to refund a pen-
alty remitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to
John Hardorp.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was read the third time, passed, j
and sent to the Senate for concurrence. |
Mr. HUNT moved to discharge the Committee j
of the Whole from the consideration of the bill
of the House for the allowance of drawback on
wheat imported from the British North American
provinces, when manufactured in the United States
and expoued to foreign countries.
The motion being objected to—
Mr. HUNT moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to make the motion above indicated.
Lost—two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, the Committee of the
Whole was discharged from the consideration of
the bill to grant the right of way through the pub-
lic lands in Indiana and Illinois to the Ohio and
Mississippi Railroad Company.
The bill being under consideration—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved an amendment
providing that the United States mails shall be
transported over said road at the lowest compensa-
tion paid to qther railroads for similar service.
Some discussion occurred, in which Messrs.
COBB of Georgia, DUNN, and others, participa-
ted.
Mr. DUNN moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and, under the operation thereof,
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed; and, being engrossed, was
read the third time and passed.
aiuiy appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union, (Mi. Ashmun, of Massachusetts, in the
chair,) and lesumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending June 30, 1848.
A long debate ensued, embracing almost every
political topic, which was continued till after mid-
night. The tloor was first taken by—
Mr. MARSH, who entered into an examination
of the condition of the Territories in relation to the
existence of slavery, and showed the necessity of
pre\enting its existence in the Territory of Oregon
by the legislation of Congress.
Mr. W1LM0T addressed the committee during
his hour in general vindication of the principles of
the proviso offered by him two years since. He
traced its origin up to Thomas Jefferson and the
ordinance of 1787, and took a comprehensive sur-
Xug. 3,
vey of the question as affecting the great interests
of the new Territories and theirinhabitants through
all coming time. He professed himself a Demo-
crat of " the most straitest sect," but denounced
as a perversion of Democratic principles the at-
tempt to incorporate slavery propagandism as one
of them, arid argued that slavery should be forever
prohibited m Territories now free, in regard to the
rights and interests of the inhabitants of those
Territories, their children, and their children's
children.
Mr. CROZIE& addressed the committee in de-
fence of the summary action of the House in reject-
ing the Senate's compromise bill; and in the course
of his speech adduced sundry reasons why he had
himself voted to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BIRDSALL then occupied some time in
repelling certain insinuations which had been cast
upon him by Mr. Collixs and Mr. Starkweath-
er, in a former debate, \Vhich were mixed up with
New York party politics and the existing struggle
between the Old Hunkers and Barnburners in that
State.
Mr. STARKWEATHER interposed several
questions and explanations. And Mr. COLLINS,
at a subsequent period of the debate, made a brief
reply, having; reference to the same local matters.
Mr. CATHCART went into a speech at large
on general politics, in which he noticed a great
variety of topics.
Mr. BAYLY addressed the House in exposi-
tion of his views upon the constitutional question
of the respective powers ofjCongress and of the
people of the Territories over the Territories, and
incidentally in defence of the Territorial bill re-
cently received from the Senate, and laid on the
table of the House.
Mr. TALLMADGE, after a few remarks on
the course of the debate and the waste of public
time, went into an animated speech on the subject I
of internal improvements and Mr. Polk's veto on •
the harbor bill. j
Mr. NEWELL then rose and delivered a pre- '
pared speech, relating mainly to the necessity of
light-houses and surf-boats for security against
the danger of navigating the coast of New Jersey.
Mr. BOYDON, of North Carolina, expressed
his astonishment at the speeches which he had
heard on this floor on the subject of the compro-
mise bill, and he denied that some of his Demo-
cratic friends truly represented the State of North
Carolina in relation to it. He held, that instead
of bringing peace to the country, the compromise
bill would only serve to continue the existing agi-
tation.
Mr. MILLER got the floor, but yielded for a
moment to—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, who inquired of the
Chair whether the proposition he held in his hand
should be in order as an amendment to the bill un-
der consideration? If it were in order, he would
desire the indulgence of the committee to make a
few remarks upon it. If it were not in order, he
would not uselessly consume the time of the com-
mittee in discussing it. He would, by permission
of the committee, read it. Mr. C. then read as fol-
lows:
Be it further enacted, That sn much of " An act to amend
An act to raise for a hunted time an additional military force,
i and for other purposes," approved February 13, 1647, as
1 provides that bounties of lands s-lmll he located " m one
| body/' cotitainimrnot less than one hundred and ?ixty acres,
be, am) the same is hereby, repealed; and, hereafter, war-
S rants tor the said bounties may be issued for quantities eon-
j taining not loss than forty acres, at the option of the holders,
i and in conformity to the Je«ia! subdivisions of the public
J lands. Provided, also, That upon the return of any such war-
i rant already issued, by ihe pemm to whom it was issued, it
] may be competent to re-issue to said person warrants, m the
I aggregate, for one hundred and sixty acies, and m quantities
! containing not less than forty acres.
j The CHAIR, decided that the amendment was
! not m order at this time.
Mr. MILLER then proceeded in his remarks,
and went extensively into general politics and the
Presidential election.
Mr. TAYLOR spoke at length on the various
topics which have of late occupied so large a share
of the public attention.
Mr. PECK commented on the uncourteous
terms in which one department of this Government
(the Executive) was frequently spoken of by gen-
tlemen on this floor, and then examined the posi-
tion of gentlemen of the South, that it was unjust
to them to prohibit their going to the new Terri-
tories with their slaves. He denied that it was
| unjust. _ He reminded them that slavery existed
j by municipal laws, and quoted decisions of south-
i ern judges to show that a slave taken by his master
| voluntarily beyond the jurisdiction of the munici-
i pal laws of the State in which he lives, becomes &
j free man.
I Mr. OUTLAW entered into an argument on
1 the power of Congress over the Territories, and
! commented with severity on the acquisition of
| California and New Mexico, and on the war gen-
! erally. In the course of his remarks, having re-
| ferred to the design to create in Mexico the new
I republic of Sierra Madre—
Mr. RICHARDSON took occasion to repel an
accusation made against General Shields, of hav-
ing a participation in the design, and stated that
the President had assured him the Government
had no information on the subject, but that all
such measures would be resisted by him.
Mr. JAMESON next took the floor, and made
a speech on the subjects of the veto power, the
Presidential election, slaveryirt the Territories, &c.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, followed, in
a speech on the extra allowances made to General
Cass while he was Governor of Michigan Terri-
tory.
Mr. DANIEL then got the floor, and, on mo-
tion, the committee rose; and the House adjourned
at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule and referred:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition ofThos.
Jackson and sundry other citizens of Greene and Hawkins
counties, Tennessee, praying the establishment of a post
route from Bay Mount, in Greene county, to liogersville,
Hawkins county.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of E.A. Kelly and sev-
enty-six others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the
purchase of Mount Vernon by the General Government.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The memorial of Henry
Edwards and others, officers of the Boston Seamen's Friend
Society, against the sale and removal of the Chelsea Marine
Hospital.
By Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The supplemental
memorial ot Chailes Lee Jone.<, in reply to the eounter-
memorial from Jalap.i, m Mexico, under the signature of
certain of the volunteers fh-en in garrison, in relation to
Captain G. W. Hughes, then exercising the comtnand of a
colonel.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 3, 184$.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, covering a communication from
the War Department, transmitting copies of the
proceedines of the court martial in the case of
General Pillow.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, three thousand
additional copies were ordered to be printed.
The amendments of the House to the joint reso-
lution of the Seriate authorizing the proper account-
ing officers of the treasury to make a just and fair
settlement of the claims of the Cherokee nation of
Indians according to the principles established by
the treaty of August, 1846, were read, and, oil
motion of Mr. BELL, the amendments were con-
curred in.
The House bill to change the place of holding
the district court of the United States for the mid-
dle district of Alabama and for other purposes, was
read a first and second time by its title: when—
Messrs. LEWIS and KING urged upon the
Senate the necessity of the immediate passage of
the bill.
And the usual forms were dispensed with, and
the bill read a third time and passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition from J.
CXum Thornton, asking to be reimbursed for ex-
penses incurred m defending Oregon against In-
dian incursions; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition from
citizens of Arkansas and Louisiana, for the estab-
lishment of a mail route; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, made a report asking that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of citizens of Missouri
relative to preemption rights.
Mr. YULEE, from the Select Committee to
whom was referred the subject of a retired list for
the army and navy, reported the bill to promote
the efficiency of a military and naval establish-
