1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 4,
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army for the year ending the 30th
June, 1849.
Mr. DANIEL, who had the floor from the mid-
night adjournment yesterday, then proceeded to
address the committee on the general topics which
have been the subjects of discussion for some time
past. [This speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. BOTTS, chairman,of the Military Committee,
then brought the House back to the business before
it. He said, that having but about forty minutes
of the time left him in which the debate must close,
he could not go at any length into the subject which
the House might perhaps remember was properly
before it, viz: the consideration of the army appro-
priation bill. Some day next week, perhaps, if he
should succeed in obtaining the floor, he might
make a speech on general politics, and have an
opportunity of defining his position, if, indeed, it
required any definition, which he could hardly
suppose, as he stood to-day just where he had
stood for the last twenty years.
As chairman of the Military Committee, he
would now endeavor to state the circumstances
under which the military bill had been reported to
the House, and the attitude of the Military Com-
mittee in regard to it. It would, he supposed,
have been naturally expected, that the committee
to whom was assigned the official charge of the
military affairs which would require the action of
the House, should have made their own esti-
mates for the number of the army, and would
have recommended such an establishment as they
thought it was proper and judicious for the coun-
try to retain in time of peace. The reason it
had not been done was, that the House had re-
cently received information from the Execu-
tive of the conclusion of a treaty of peace with
Moxico, and since then he supposed the depart-
ment had had no opportunity to prepare and fur-
nish the necessary estimates to the committee.
Some two or three weeks since, a member of the
committee had introduced a resolution of inquiry,
asking from the President certain information
winch was lequired by the committee to enable
them to discharge their duty in this matter, and it
had been but two days ago that the answer had
been received. It had been read and ordered to be
printed, but it had not yet been laid on the tables
of members. This morning, however, Mr. B. had
by some industry succeeded in obtaining a printed
copy of a part of the documents accompanying the
President's message, and has given them some
examination.
And here Mr. B. must be permitted to remark,
with all due respect for the Committee of Ways
and Means, that, in his opinion, that committee
had somewhat transcended its proper sphere, and
had taken the appropriate business of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs out of its hands, by pro-
posing to this House what should constitute a
military peace establishment for the country. Mr.
B. had at one time felt disposed to move that the
Military Committee be discharged from all further
consideration of the business referred to it, or that
the honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means should be complimented with a pair of
epaulets. [A laugh.] He was certainly entitled
to a brevet.
The Secretary of War had furnished to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means his estimates for the
year on the basis of one hundred men to a company.
'J'he committee had called on him for a further esti-
mate on the basis of sixty-four men to a company;
and also for a third on the basis of forty-two men
to a company; and, having obtained these several
intimates, the chairman, without waiting to ascer-
tnm what were, the views of the military commit-
ter, came into the House and presented a bill
founded on the hypothesis of forty-two privates to
a (ompany.
:VIr. B. here went into statistics as to the num-
her of legiments in the different branches of the
army, and then went on to say that if the House
shmi'.d adopt the bill from the Committee of Ways
.slid Means, and authorize an army with no more
than forty-two men to a company, we should have,
with our vastly-extended frontier, reaching from
the Rio Grande and including the new Territories
of New Mexico and California, an army consisting
of but six thousand six hundied and thirty-six
pmates; and this while the Secretary ot War m
his report expressly stated that not less than five
thousand men would be required for the new Terri-
tories and the frontier alone, leaving but one thou-
sand six hundred and thirty-six for the whole of
the United States proper.
[Mr. B. here read extracts from the Secretary's
letter.]
The military committee had taken this letter into
consideration, and had directed Mr. B. to offer an
amendment to the last section of the bill reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, fixing
the standing army of the country at ten thousand,
exclusive of officers and employes. He was in-
structed also to propose that the committee strike
out the estimates founded on the basis of forty-two
men to a company, and substitute those for sixty-
four men to a company, which would give us an
army of about ten thousand privates.
If he could get the assent of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, he should pro-
pose that, in considering the bill, the committee
should adopt a course different from that usually
pursued, and take up first in order the last section
of the bill, that it might decide, in the first place,
what the total number of the army should be,
and then shape the rest of its legislation accord-
mgly.
Mr. B. proceeded to state, that by the law of
May, 1846, the companies were to consist of sixty-
four men each, the President being empowered, if
he thought fit, to raise them to one hundred men
each. By the law, then, as it now stood, the army
would be placed on a basis of sixty-four men to a
company. If the plan of the Committee of Ways
and Means should be adopted, this law must of
course be repealed, and accordingly that repeal
constituted the last section of their bill.
That the House might act understanding^ in
the matter, it would be proper first to decide
whether it would have a peace establishment of
6,000 men only, or one of 10,000; if the House de-
cided to adopt the former, then he need not pro-
pose any amendment to the bill; but if it should
repeaUthis, then he would offer an amendment,
which he sent to the Clerk's table to be read for
information.
Mr. "VINTON inquired whether he correctly
understood the honorable gentleman to say, that
with companies numbering forty-two privates, the
army would amount to but 6,000 men ?
Mr. BOTTS. It will amount to 6,636 men.
Mr. VINTON said he would send to the Clerk's
table the estimate furnished by the War Depart-
ment, showing the actual number of men that the
army would contain on that basis.
The estimate was read, and it stated the number
at 9,801.
Mr. BOTTS said this difference was easily ex-
plained. His own estimate embraced only the
fighting men: while that of the Department covered
all persons employed, of every description, black-
smiths, artificers, sutlers, &c.
Mr. HALL, of New York, inquired of Mr.
Botts how he made out his number of privates ?
Mr. BOTTS stated that he estimated in 15
regiments 48 companies; and 48 multiplied by 43
men for each company, gave 2,016. Eleven other
regiments, with 110 companies, made 4,6~>0 men:
add the two together, and it amounted (by his
arithmetic) to 0,636.
Mr. HALL inquired whether Mr. B. included
the regiments for Oregon? And he then went into
details, and sundry explanations took place be-
tween him and Mr. B.
Mr. BOTTS went on to say that the question
would come up in the first place as to the total
strength of the army. The Military Committee
thought that 10,000 was as low a number as pro-
priety would permit, and if the sum appropriated
in the committee's bill was sufficient for the support
of that number, then there was no longer any faith
in estimates. According to the estimates furnished
by the War Department, it would be very far
from enough.
Mr. VINTON here explained. The estimates
furnished to the Committee of Ways and Means
by the Secretary of War made the sum required
for an aimy with 100 men to a company, including
the three months' extra pay voted by the House,
ยง13,s58,000; with sixty-four men to a company,
$11,325,000; and with forty-two men, ยง10,905,000.
Mr. BOTTS here read again the amendment he
proposed offering. He said that the object of the
existing law.in empowering the President to raise
the number of a company to 100 men, if in his
judgment the exigencies of the service should re-
quire it, was to meet the case when more men were
required in some portions of the country than were
necessary in other places. Mr. B. confessed that
his own personal views differed from those of some
other members of the Military Committee. He
should himself have preferred having 64 men to a
company, and leaving the President the discretion-
ary power to increase them to 100.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, here obtained the floor,
(among many competitors,) and commenced by
complaining of his hard fate in not having obtained
the floor, though he had so often endeavored to
catch the eye of the Speaker. (He regretted that
that honorable gentleman was not now present, be-
fore whom he had made so many efforts without
success.) He assured the Chairman, and could
have assured the Speaker, too, that his object had
been to speak, in good faith, to the subject prop-
erly before the House, and not to go off, as had too
often been done, on matters entirely foreign to it.
He had now only ten minutes left, in which to tell
the House and the country why the business com-
mitted to his charge had not been done. Neither
the Speaker nor the Chairman needed to have been
so much afraid of giving him the floor, lest he
should speak on the politics of the country; they
need not have been so much afraid that he was go-
ing to demolish the Whigs entirely, [laughter,] as
that there would not be as much of them left as
was found where the Kilkenny cats had been fight-
ing. Not at all; he left that business to his con-
stituents, who would no doubt give a good account
of them in November. They had not sent him
here to do that; they were well able to do it all
themselves, and they would do it well. He only
asked the Whigs to look at the election returns
from Alabama; there was no need that he should
consume an hour every day in the week to attack
the Whig brethren; and he had no desire on this
occasion to wound their feelings. [Much merri-
ment on both sides.] He had attempted to get
the floor no less than seventy-two times. He had
papers in his possession which he had been very
anxious to get an opportunity to present; he had
been ready and waiting; the blame did not lie at
his door. (He wished the honorable Speaker wa3
, within the sound of his voice.) He wanted to
offer an amendment to this bill allowing the sol-
, diers to locate their land warrants in forty-acre
! tracts, instead of entering 160 acres in one body.
! He was very sure he need only bring the question
before the House, and they would make this little
1 alteration. He did not complain of any illiberality
: in the House toward the soldiers; not at all; the
! House had shown a disposition to be very kind to
. them: but this little matter for which he asked was
. the last reward they would have an opportunity
1 to bestow on many of them. It would be a great
' benefit to the soldier. He wanted that he should
have the liberty of locating his warrant in forty-
acre tracts. [A voice, "Where?"] Anywhere in
the United States. [A laugh.]
Mr. C. stated the present value of soldiers' war-
rants in Alabama, and went on to show how great
a benefit the United States would gain by comply-
ing with his request; since thereby they would have
a large amount of their poor land taken up, which
otherwise would never be sold. There ought to
be restrictions, to be sure; but it would be a great
benefit as well to the Government as to the sol-
dier.
He presumed there was no need of his pronoun-
cing any eulogies on the soldier; that had been al-
ready done. Who had riot heard of the brilliant
and glorious victories of Palo Alto and Resaea de
la Palma ? Why need he refer to the glorious field
of Buena Vista, or the conquest of Monterey ?
i These, and many more, were all fresh in the minds
i of every member of the House. They were ap-
' predated, fully appreciated; and he was persuaded
the House was willing and eager to do everything
for the soldier that could testify its gratitude. He
had heard it charged here that the army had shrunk
from the British lion. [Voiccs: "Not the army;
the President."] Well, it had been asserted here
1 that James K. Polk had shrunk from meeting the
British lion. Let him tell gentlemen who had
made such a disgraceful insinuation, that it was not
the case. So we had been told that if we dared to
annex Texas, the British lion would interpose.
But he would take the liberty to tell gentlemen that
1 neither James K. Polk nor the American army
i ever had trembled before the British lion, or ever
