1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
would. After a few remarks, which the repoiter
did not hear with sufficient exactness to attempt
to report, Mr. C. added: Nor need he say to that
committee what had been the effect of these im-
mortal triumphs of the American arras. Not only
were they viewed with the utmost gratitude and
prideby our own countrymen; they had command-
, ed the admiration of foreign nations. They had
erected a monument to the American name more
enduring than the everlasting hills: the world, the
world was lost in wonder, when they contemplated
what had been opposed to us, and with what means
we had triumphed over it.
Mr. C. said much more, which the reporter was
unable to follow. The speech produced a great
sensation in the House; insomuch that when the
hour allotted for debate arrested Mr. C., there was
a universal cry of "Go on! go on!" "Leave!
leave!" mixed with shouts of merriment. The
general debate having now been brought toaclose—
Mr VINTON availed himself of the privilege of
the rule, as chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to close the debate. It had not been
his intention to say anything, in addition to the
statement he had made when the bill was first
taken up, of the facts on which the bill was based,
and of the estimates sent in by the Secretary of
War to the Committee of Ways and Means; nor
should he now deem it necessary to say anything,
had not the gentleman from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Botts,] felt it his duty to arraign the Committee
of Ways and Means for having presented this bill
to the House, and had not the gentleman claimed
that the Committee of Ways and Means had in-
fringed upon his jurisdiction. Now, he was very
sure that the Committee of Ways and Means had
enough to do in attending to their own appropri-
ate business, not to feel any disposition whatever
to infringe upon the appropriate duties of the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia. But, if any apol-
ogy was necessary for what the Committee of
Ways and Means'had done, he did think that a
bare allusion to the circumstances under which this
bill had been reported, would satisfy every man
that they had at least done no more than their duty.
What were the facts? Sometime early in the ses-
sion the Committee of Ways and Means had re-
ported a bill predicated upon the war estimates.
That bill, as a matter of course, had been super-
seded by the return of peace, and was necessarily
recommitted to the CommitteeofWays and Means
to await the new estimates predicated upon the
new condition of the country.
On the 12r.h of .Tune this House, by a very large
vote, had passed a resolution proposing to adjourn
on the 17th of July last. It was not until the 29th
of June that the Secretary of War had sent esti-
mates to the Committee of Ways and Means, pre-
dicated upon what that department recommended
as the appropriations which should be made for
the current fiscal year. These estimates had not
come into his hands until the first of July, seven-
teen days only before the time on which the House
had proposed to adjourn. In the mean time, they
had heard nothing from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. The Committee of Ways and Means
had directed him to ask the Secretary of War for
additional estimates—for estimates based on the
supposition that the army was composed of sixty-
four men to the company, instead of one hundred |
to the company, and also upon the supposition j
that the army was returned back to the condition i
in which it was at the commencement of the Mex-
ican war. These estimates were forwarded to the
Committee of Ways and Means; but they were
not sent to that committee so that the bill could be
reported to the House until, he thought, the 17th
of last July, the very day on which the House
had proposed to adjourn. As yet they had heard
nothing from the Committee on Military Affairs.
When the bill had been reported on the 17th
of July, he had endeavored to get a special order
for it, so that it "would come up before the Oregon
bill; but it had been the pleasure of the House to
postpone it till after the Oregon bill, and, notwith-
standing his repeated efforts to take up the bill, it
was not until the 2d of August that he had been
enabled to get it up at all. And yet the Committee
on Military Affairs had presented nothing to the
House, had reported nothing, and they had now
little more than one week from this time to the
adjournment. He now appealed to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, what would
he have said, or what would the country have said,
if the Committee of Ways and Means had lain all
this time without ever reporting the army hill, the
gravest, the most important, the most difficult of
all the appropriation bills, except the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill?
Mr. BOTTS said the Military Committee, or the
chairman of the Military Committee, were not at
all responsible for any decision of the two Houses
of Congress upon the adjournment. They had had
no estimates before them—no data on which they
could found calculations as to the peace establish-
ment. The report was sent in day before yester-
day; the gentleman's bill had been upon the table
for some time; the gentleman had been pressing
its consideration, and he (Mr. B.)had been obliged
to ask the House to stave it off till they could get
some information from the War Department. That
information, as he had before said, had only been
received day before yesterday, and even now it had
not been printed, and the only information which
they had to act upon was that which they could
get from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. VINTON. Did the Committee on Military
Affairs call on the Secretary of War for this re-
port?
Mr. BOTTS. Most unquestionably we called
upon the President for the report; that report was
received day before yesterday, and was now in the
hands of the printer, and had not now been laid
before the Committee of Ways and Means, the
Committee on Military Affairs, or this House.
Mr. VINTON. When did you call upon the
Secretary of War ?
Mr. BOTTS. More than two weeks ago.
Mr. VINTON. Two weeks ago !
Mr. BOTTS. When did we have the procla-
mation of peace? We could not do it before.
Mr. VINTON continued. We had the procla-
mation of peace about the last of June, he be-
lieved. Now, it was true that the Committee on
Military Affairs were not responsible for this
House having fixed the day of adjournment when
they had, but he believed they were just as re-
sponsible as the Committee of Ways and Means
were. They were no more nor no less respon-
sible.
Mr. HARALSON said the President's message
communicating the news of peace also communi-
cated certain important information on the subject
thev were now discussing. There had been a call
macle on the Secretary of War on the 26th of June,
he believed, for information as to what number
now constituted the army, and what would be the
number of its officers when at the maximum au-
thorized by law. That communication, like the
message, had laid upon the Speaker's table until
within a few days, when it had been referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It had not,
therefore, been possible for the Committee on
Military Affairs, with this communication lying
on the Speaker's table, to have taken any authori-
tative action, for they had not the information on
which to proceed.
A conversation here occurred between Messrs.
HARALSON and TOOMBS as to the basis of
the number of privates in each company which
this bill proposed to establish; the former gentle-
man reading the law of the 13th May, 184G, which
authorizes the President to increase the number to
I one hundred men m each company, to be reduced
! to sixty-four whenever the exigencies of the ser-
vice permit, and expressing his understanding that
the bill, if passed, would leave the number at six-
ty-four; and the latter gentleman stating that the
bill expressly proposed to repeal the law of 184G,
theieby reviving the law of 1842, which fixed the
number of men in each company at forty-two,
under the peace establishment.
Mr. VINTON continued. The law which the
gentleman from Georgia had read was not the law
which provided the peace establishment; it was a
war bill. The number proposed under this bill
was precisely that fixed by the law of 1842, which
fixed the peace establishment, and which gave
forty-two men to each company. That was in-
tended to be a skeleton army, which might be
filled up, enlarged, whenever a state of war arose.
Well, a state of war had arisen, and the act of 13th
May, 1846, had undertaken to enlarge this army
by filling up this skeleton to one hundred in each
company, at the discretion of the President, and^
not below sixty-four. Now, at the return of
peace, the proposition was to return to our peace
establishment, to reduce the army back to where
it was prior to the Mexican war; and the law
which the gentleman from Georgia called the peace
establishment was what he (Mr. V.) called the
war bill, and which changed the peace establish-
ment. It was true, he ought not to throw his loose
opinions in the way of the weighty ones of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
and those who had the appropriate charge of mat-
ters of this kind.
But to come back from this digression to what
he was stating. Now, when they had but little
more than a week to the close of the session of
Congress, no proposition having come from the
Committee on Military Affairs, the Committee of
Ways and Means are arraigned before this House
because they have reported a bill which, while it
furnished the appropriations that were necessary
for the support of the army, provided for the de-
crease of the army to a peace establishment. The
gentleman from Virginia had said, what was un-
doubtedly true, that the Committee on Military
Affairs had called two weeks ago upon the Secre-
tary of War for a report. Well, the Committee
of Ways and Means hacf called a month ago; and
if the gentleman had been as diligent as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had been, lie would
have got the report before now. The Committee
of Ways and Means had got three different esti-
mates; on the 1st of July they had got this bill
reported. He suspected the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs had not even asked any questions of
the War Department until this last bill had been
reported. That was all he had to say. If the
Committee of "Ways and Means had waited for
the Committee on Military Affairs to make their
inquiries at the War Department, m the first place,
then to asiee upon and report a bill for the legula-
tion of the pcacc establishment, and then get it
through this House, that they might predicate
their appropriation bill upon it, he thought at this
late hour of the session there would have, been
great danger that the time they had fixed for ad-
journment would have come before they had done
anything towards making the necessary appropri-
ations for the support of the army for the current
year; and how would the Committee of Ways
and Means have been able to vindicate themselves
before the House and the country for running such
hazard ?
Mr. GENTRY said it seemed to him unfortu-
nate, without intending to cast blame upon any-
body, that the Committee on Military Affairs had
not reported a bill to determine what should be the
peace establishmentof the United States, now that
the war was terminated. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means had reported the
appropriation bill for the support of the army for
the ensuing year. It seemed to him (Mr. G.) that
a preliminary question should be disposed of be-
fore they proceeded to the details of that bill. He
desired to inquire of the gentleman how it was that
it was proposed to test the sense of this House as
to what should be the peace establishment of the
country? It seemed to him that they ought, by
resolution or in some specific foim, to test the
sense of the House as to what should be the peace
establishment, before they went into the details of
the appropriation bill; then those would follow, as
a matter of course.
Now, he doubted very much for himself, and it
was a grave, a very grave and serious question,
whether the old peace establishment was compe-
j tent for the present time. We had acquired a
I large territory; we had bound ourselves by tiealy
| stipulations to protect the Mexicans from the in-
cursions of the Indian tribes who lived upon those
! territories; we were about to extend our laws to
| Oregon; there were Indians there, and we would
i need a brigide of men in each of these Territories.
: Now, would there be enough in the old peace es-
tablishment for the present condition of the coun-
try ?
"Mr. VINTON, in reply to the gentleman from
Tennessee, would say, that when they came to the
items of the bill for pay and subsistence, they
could fix the amount according as they determined
whether we should have foity-two, sixty-four, or
one hundred men to each company. There was
no difficulty at all; it was all imaginary. As he
had stated the other day, supposing that the House
1 mio-ht probably entertain a different opinion from
' the*Committee of Ways and Means, the commit-
i tee had taken the precaution to procure three dif-
