1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
5.
had been designated. There was one point equal
to any other in the. western country which had been
overlooked. It was in his own district—the town
of Portsmouth, in the State of Ohio, on the Ohio
river. It was a central point, in a region of vast
mineral resources, around which had already been
erected about thirty iron forges and rolling mills;
a point combining all the necessary advantages, in
the midst of a fine iron region; presenting exten-
sive water power, accessible at all times by the
navigation of the Ohio river. He dissented from
the views taken by Mr. McClernand—the decis-
ion of a commission made some eight years since
should not now be decisive. It had never been
carried out, and undoubtedly it was not without
good reason. He favored the appointment of a
new commission for the selection of sites, and
claimed for that mentioned by him a fair consider-
ation.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, was opposed to all
these armories. There were arms enough in the
country. You could scarcely meet a man in the
streets but carried a bowie knife and a couple of
revolving pistols. The United States had arms
enough. We had never experienced a deficiency
in the Mexican war. We had had an ample sup-
ply, and a large surplus remained on hand.
Mr. BURT corrected the gentleman, and said
the arms of some of the States were now nearly ex-
hausted. South Carolina was now calling for arms.
Mr. TOMPKINS said he thought the gentleman
from Maryland was mistaken about the abundance
of bowie knives and revolvers. In Mississippi they
had no such thing.
Mr. EVANS further opposed the establishment
of any more armories. Gentlemen talked about
the advantageous locations in their several districts.
Why, he had several which he could strongly rec-
ommend in his own district. But the preliminary
question should first be settled, whether the inter-
ests of the country demanded the establishment of
any more armories. He thought no more were
needed, and he hoped this House would not ap-
^ propriate the public money for the local benefit of
particular sections, which might desire an armory.
Mr. McCLERNAND read certain statistics to
controvert the statement of Mr. Evans, and to
show that, instead of there being now a surplus,
there was a deficiency of arms in theUnited States.
Mr. Bbkt's amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Dickey as amended.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Ohio, moved a pro forma
amendment to the amendment, and warmly op-
posed all these proposed appropriations as entirely
unnecessary. W^e had been told by the President
of the United States in his recent peace message,
that the war just terminated had given us " ample
"security for the future." There was no neces-
sity, then, for the further increase of expenditures
for the manufacture of arms. We had abundance
of them for any emergency that was likely to arise.
In case of a war with England, it would be on the
ocean; but in case of a difficulty which arose with
any nation, it might be, and he hoped it would be,
settled by fair dealing, and pursuing the path of
rectitude. He would much sooner appropriate the
money for the purchase and cultivation of a model
farm, instead of an armory at Massac, and for the
establishment of schools and universities through-
out the land. Instead of devoting the time, the
energies, and the resources of this great nation,
for the purposes of war, it was time to apply our-
selves to higher and nobler objects—to cultivate
the arts of peace, to cherish and diffuse learning,
justice, and morality, thoughout the land.
Mr. CROZ1ER moved to amend the amendment
by inserting Chattanooga, Tennessee, and briefly
presented the peculiar advantages of that point as
a site for an armory, of the abundance of us min-
erals, its central location, accessibility, &c.
The amendment of Mr. Crozier to the amend-
ment was lost.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, upon a pro
forma amendment, opposed the appropriation of
any moie money to the establishment of new arm-
ories, and spoke of the great quantities of arms
now on hand at various armories and arsenals; of
immense piles of them now lying at the armory
at Harper's Perry, for the preservation of which
they had been obliged to erect new buildings. Not
half of the arms on hand there had been drawn
for use in the Mexican war.
Mr. RUMSEY said, it was not long since sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars' worth of arms had
sold in New York for almost nothing.
Mr. BROWN was satisfied that the two arm-
ories we had were not only able to make arms
enough for the several States and for all Govern-
ment purposes, but for half the world.
Mr. DICKEY controverted the statement of his
colleague as to the quantities of arms on hand at
the various points, and read from an official report
on the subject.
Some conversation took place between the two
gentlemen on this point.
Mr. BROWN concluded by referring to the
large appropriations made in this bill—$>53,000 for
the armory at Harper's Ferry and $81,000 for
Springfield, for the increase and improvement of
facilities for the manufacture of arms, and §360,000
the general appropriation for the said manufacture—
and said no man in his senses could believe we need-
ed any heavier appropriations for these purposes.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment by inserting Pittsburg, and
presented the numerous advantages of that loca-
tion for an armory. In reference to his colleague's
[Mr. Brown's] opposition to any appropriation of
this character, he said the gentleman was ready
enough to vote for four or five hundred thousand
dollars for a dry-dock at Philadelphia, or two or
three hundred thousand for a breakwater in the
Delaware, whenever the appropriations were pro-
posed; but he was utterly opposed at the same
time to any appropriation for the Northwest.
What had the Northwest received out of the hun-
dreds of millions of dollars which had been ex-
pended within the last ten or fifteen years by this
Government? Every single dollar appropriated
for them had been vetoed the moment it reached
the White House, and had been voted against by
his colleague, while he was very ready to appro-
priate for dry-docks at Philadelphia and other im-
provements in his own locality.
Mr. BROWN said the gentleman was mistaken.
He had neither voted for dry-docks at Philadel-
phia, nor against the improvement of the western :
waters. i;
Mr. HAMPTON. Did the gentleman vote for ;i
the harbor and river bill of the last session ? ::
Mr. BROWN. I happened not to be in Con- h
gress. >
Mr. HAMPTON. Well, wiH he when the bill jj
comes up? . I!
' Mr. BROWN. I can tell when I see the bill, j
Mr. HAMPTON. Well, I have it m my j,
drawer; and the gentleman will have the opportu-
nity of voting upon it soon. Will he vote for the 1;
improvement of any of the rivers of the West?
Will he vote for the Ohio river?
Mr. BROWN. That would depend upon cir-
cumstances. [Laughter.] My colleague and the
House will be distinctly informed of tny decision
when the bill comes before us.
Mr. HAMPTON. Oh! that is extremely conve-
nient; I think "circumstances" would prevent the
gentleman's voting with us.
Mr. BROWN. I have voted for harbors on the
western lakes.
Mr. HAMPTON. Did the gentleman vote the
resolution condemning the President's veto of the
river and harbor bill?
i Mr. BROWN. 1 was not here. [A laugh.]
j But if I had been, 1 think it extremely probable 1
I should have voted against it, as I generally do
: against all abstract resolutions.
I Mr. HAMPTON. Well, the gentleman will
| have the opportunity of voting on the practical
I question within the next two or three days, for it
is my intention, and the intention of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to bring up the river and harbor
bill and pass it.
Mr. H. concluded by a word or two further m
reference to the superiority of Pittsburg as the lo-
cation of a site for a national army.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to make
the site near Florence, Alabama; which he sup-
ported in a brief speech, showing the advantage
of that location.
The discussion of the subject of sites and local-
ities was continued by Messrs. BRODHEAD,
FICKLIN, INGE, and COCKE, each advocating
the advantages of his own section of the Union.
Mr. SAWYER inquired if it was in order to
move that the committee rise and report the bill to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative.
Mr. SAWYER regretted it very much, for these
discussions were consuming time for no practical
purpose.
Mr. MARVIN and Mr. ROMAN continued the
discussion on amendments which they submitted,
and which were rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dickey's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOWLIN offered an amendment to appro-
priate $5,000 for defraying the expense of select-
ing a site for a national armory on the western
waters. Lost.
Mr. BURT offered an amendment to appropriate
$25,000 for the purchase of a site and building an
arsenal of deposit, and for general construction at
or near Atlanta, in the State of Georgia. He spoke
through his allotted time in support of his motion.
Lost.
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the item of
§20,000 for the purchase of land at Frankfort ar-
senal, Pennsylvania, fora site fora manufactory of
percussion caps. He said it was perfectly unne-
cessary, as many percussion caps could be manu-
factured here in Washington as were needed.
Mr. McCLERNAND and Mr. VINTON en-
tered into explanations respecting this item; the
latter gentleman in its defence. The conversation
was continued bv Mr. HARALSON, Mr. MAR-
VIN, Mr. .VINTON, and Mr. McCLERNAND.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said (in reply to
Mr. Burt) that he did not care where these arm-
ories were placed. Gentlemen might have them in
Louisiana, if they liked. He had no wish to keep
them at the North. The only reason why they
had received their present location was, that the
mechanics were there whose skill was required in
the manufacture of arms. They might transfer
the armories, but the mechanics were a sort of
thing not so easy to transfer. A skillful mechanic
liked to remain at home, where he was known, anci
where his skill would always get him employ-
ment.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL opposed the motion to
strike out. He did not care about having this
manufactory at Frankfort, but he knew they had
as good mechanics there as anywhere else in the
world. On these percussion caps—he did not pre-
tend to know anything about them; he had, he
believed, never seen one in his life, and it was very
likely he should be very much afraid of one; but
on these percussion caps much of the success of
the gunnery of this nation depended; and, if he
was rightly informed, it was mainly to the superi-
ority of our gunnery that our victories, both at
sea "and on land, were to be ascribed.
Mr. BURT believed the caps we had now in use
were as good as any that could be manufactured.
What complaint was made of them?
Mr. INGERSOLL again observed, that in the
last war our great superiority in gunnery had won
us battles on sea and land. Those who were best
skilled in these matters had selected Frankfort as
a suitable spot for this factory, and he presumed
they had good reasons for it.
Mr. BROWN, after some playful bantering of
his colleague on his usual Democratic zeal for
economy, moved to reduce the sum proposed in
this appropriation from §20,000 to $10,000.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL made some remarks
as to the propriety of the spot which had been
selected, gave an account of the Frankfort aimory,
and the completeness of the entire establishment,
the perfection of the machinery, and the order and
discipline of the operatives employed there. The
ground, to be sure, was not as cheap there as on
the Alleghany mountains, or in the arid sands of
Mississippi.
The question being put on Mr. Brown's mo-
' tion, ii was nesatived.
' Mr. HARALSON moved to strike out the entire
item for this percussion cap manufactory.
And the question being put, the vote stood—aye3
81, noes 27.
A quorum not voting, the roll was called in
compliance with the rule, and the committee rose
and reported the names of the absentees, to be en-
tered on the Journal.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
, sumed its session, and the question was again put
on striking out the item for the purchase of land
\ at Frankfort arsenal for a site for the manufacture
: of percussion caps, $20,000. Agreed to.
! The succeeding item " for the erection of suitable
