1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
bill to the lands in the State of Arkansas. So far
he was willing to go, but no further at present.
Whenever his friend from Florida would introduce
a bill relative to the lands in that State, he would
give it a favorable consideration.
Mr. WESTCOTT made a reply, which was
inaudible.
Mr. BORLAND said, as the bill was originally
introduced, it was limited in its provisions to the
overflowed lands in the State of Arkansas. Sev-
eral Senators, however, had suggested the propriety
of giving the bill a more extensive operation; and
it was solely with a view to meet the wishes of
his friends around him that he had consented to
extend its operation so as to embrace the useless
lands in the adjoining States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, sustained the
bill as it had been amended, and expressed a hope
that the opposition of the Senator from Alabama
would be withdrawn.
Mr. FOOTE explained, that the language of the
bill applied only to the lands known as swamp
lands, utterly valueless to the General Govern-
ment, and which could be reclaimed and made
valuable by the State.
Mr. BOK.LAND said, that if he thought these
lands could ever be made worth anything to the
United States, he would not ask for them on the
terms named by the bill. The State would em-
bank and reclaim the lands, and thus remove a
fertile cause of disease, and encourage the cultiva-
tion of the lands and the increase of population.
Mr. WESTCOTT was of opinion, that the im-
provements necessary to make these lands useful
would never be made by the United States. It
would require ten regiments of topographical en-
gineers, and a hundred millions of money. If the
States would take the lands on the condition of
reclaiming the lands, the offer ought to be accept-
ed.
Mr. MlCLER thought we had not sufficient
information on the subject of these lands to enable
the Senate to act on the bill in this hasty mapper,
and at this late period of the session. It had been
said by the Senator from South Carolina, that a
general system would be brought before Congress
at the next session, and he thought we should wait
for that system.
Mr. KING said, he had no objection to a bill to
give to the States the lands which could never be
reclaimed by the Government, which would not go
into a system of drainage. If the States would do
this, it was the only way in which the lands could
be made valuable. He did not believe that the
everglades of Florida could ever be reclaimed by
the State or the General Government. He would
withdraw his opposition to the bill.
Mr. METCALFE said he could not, as a repre-
sentative of a State which was excluded from the
benefit of any improvement of her rivers and har-
bors, vote now to give away to particular States
the lands which were the common property of all.
He moved to lay the bill on the table.
The question was put and negatived: ayes 16,
noes 20.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, made a few re-
marks in favor of the bill, because neither the |
means of the Government nor private capital can i
ever be applied to the reclamation of these lands, j
The measure had been long before Congress, and i
no one could pretend that it was sprung in the .
Senate. [
Mr. NILES opposed the bill. The title of the ;
bill referred to lands subject to overflow. All bot-
tom lands are subject to overflow, and this descrip-
tion %vould embrace all the valley lands. But the
bill has been amended so as to extend to all lands ,
which the surveyor may denominate swamp lands.
After a wet season, it would be difficult to decide
winch are precisely swamp lanfe, and which were
only temporarily overflowed. Fie thought such
a sweeping grant, which would give away a hun-
died millions of acres, ought not to be made in j
tins manner, and he should oppose the bill. ■
Mr. BREESE stated that the practice of the j
surveyors, when employed in surveys, in reference !
to (neitl)wed lands, was to give them a distinct
designation in their maps and reports to the Gen- j
trafLand Office, and from these reports the de- I
oision of the Secretary of the Treasury is made, j
In his State there were many acres of lands in i
high situations, near the sources of streams, which 1
were subject to overflow, and which could not be
called swamp lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD thought more particular
information ought to be before the Senate in refer-
ence to the lands in other States than Arkansas.
He moved to strike out the third section, which
extends the provisions of the bill to other States.
Mr. FOOTE said that the state of things was
the same in Mississippi and Louisiana as in Ar-
kansas. He hoped there would be no delay, as
no further information could throw new light on
the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, before he could
vote, desired to know what portion of these lands
were now inhabited and under cultivation. A great
deal of money had been expended by the Govern-
ment in removing obstructions and rafts, and it
was now proposed to give all away. He doubted
whether overflowed lands were entirely useless, as
he knew that many such lands had been reclaimed
and made valuable by private enterprise. He
would prefer that some one should be sent to sur-
vey these lands, that the Government should be
able to make some estimate of their value.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, complained that
every application from the States in which these
lands lie had been refused. The overflow from
the Mississippi was sometimes ten feet, and it was
impossible for any private enterprise to reclaim the
lands. The health of the country was injured by
these inundations.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
the Territorial Government of Oregon.
The bill being before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and the question being on the
amendments reported by the Committee on the
Territories—
The first amendment was the introduction of the
following proviso to the sixth section: "That no
act of the Territorial Legislature shall become a
^ law until approved by the Governor."
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to amend
1, the amendment by adding the words, " of the Ter-
,j ritory, or, if disapproved by said Governor, until
;; specifically submitted to and approved by the Con-
j; gress of the United States."
j| The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
jj Mr. DOUGLAS explained, that the absolute
j veto power was embraced in all the Territorial
| Governments.
11 Mr. HALE suggested an amendment making it
!; the duty of the Governor to transmit any bill which
|, did not become a law, to Congress, as follows:
!; "And it shall be the duty of the Governor to
j transmit copies of any acts disapproved by him to
! Congress."
! Mr. TURNEYmoved to add, " and his reasons
j for disapproval."
I Mr. HALE accepted the addition as a modifi-
| cation of his amendment, and then withdrew his
j amendment. i
i The question recurred on the amendment of Mr. j
i Davis, of Mississippi; which was agreed to.
: Mr. HALE renewed his motion to amend, and j!
again withdrew it. ;|
I The amendment, as amended, was then agreed !i
j to. j,
| Mr. HALE moved to insert his amendment in f.
i the third section, as follows: "And it shall be the !i
j duty of said Governor, immediately after the ses- i}
| sion of the Legislature, to transmit copies of any
| acts from which he may have withheld his ap- I
i proval, together with his reasons for such disap- ,
| proval." :j
1 The amendment was agreed to. j>
The second amendment of the committee being :
, under consideration, as follows: At the beginning
! of the 14th section insert: " Inasmuch as the said I
Territory is north of the parallel of thirty-six de-
grees and thirty minutes of north latitude, usually !j
known as the Missouri compromise"— j;
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out "thir- '■
ty-six degrees and thirty minutes," and insert n
" forty-two;" and to strike out the words "usually jj
known as the Missouri compromise." ji
Mr. DOUGLAS suggested, that the better mode
would be, to take the question on the^amendment jj
altogether. " |j
Mr. UNDERWOOD thought, that the amend- "
ment, as reported, left the disputed question of
slavery open to be renewed in the California bill,
and it was his desire to make the language so plain
as to preclude the reopening of this debate.
Mr. BUTLER said, he was a passive member
of the committee, intending to vote against this
whole section, the reasons for which he should give
hereafter.
Mr. NILES expressed astonishment that the
Committee on the Territories should have reported
an amendment which had nothing to do with the
subject-matter of this bill, as it is well known that
all of Oregon lies north of 36° 30'. He was at a
loss to understand the reason for such a provision.
Was it intended to refer to some other subject
which might come up for legislationJiereafter? If
it was intended for anything, it mast be to exer-
cise influence over legislative action in the other
Territories. He was entirely opposed to this mode
of legislation. If it was a reenactment of the com-
promise bill, he thought it better, after our failure
to legislate in that form, to leave it alone. Per-
haps it was to ease off the feelings of certain Sena-
tors here, and to enable them to justify their votes.
He did not wish to see anything go abroad which
might be construed into a compromise when com-
promise is not intended.
" Mr. DOUGLAS explained that the amendment
was reported with the unanimous clesire of the
committee that no Senator's vote on the bill should
be understood as committing him on the great
question.
Mr. HALE said he should vote against the
amendment, and, whatever the vote on the amend-
ment, he should vote for the bill. But he desired it
to be d istinctly understood that he did not by such
vote commit himself in the slightest degree as to
his future course.
Mr. MASON charged the language reported in
the amendment as unintelligible. He attributed
to the committee the design to evade the slavery
question. He referred to the state of public opin-
ion abroad, and to the convention about to be
assembled at Buffalo, for the choice of a standard-
bearer. But one god was to be woishipped there,
and that god was power—the power to trample
down the Constitution of the country. He referred
to the recent decision of Virginia not to regard
any law of the United States which should prevent
her citizens from carrying their slaves into any of
the Territories. He and his constituents were will-
ing to be bound by the principle of the compro-
mise; but it was not to be expected that they would
go one single step beyond it. It would be to ex-
pect them to submit to insult.
Mr. DAYTON replied to the threats held out
by the Senator from Virginia, that if she was to
be forced another step, she would proclaim nullifi-
cation. He repudiated for the Whig party this
question as the great issue to be tried at the com-
ing election. The questions of free soil and slavery
were not the great questions of the Whig party.
They constituted too narrow a ledge for that party
to stand on. Nor would it be generally understood
that this was the great issue with the Democratic
party. As to the amendment, whatever may be
the understanding with which it was adopted in
the committee, Senators would have to stand on
their recorded votes. He did not see how the
amendment could be sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said, that it
being evident the bill could not be disposed of
to-day, he would therefore move that its further
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER said he had no objection to the
postponement, provided it did not interfere with
his remarks which he was about to make. He
desired to be heard on this bill before the vote was
taken on it.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
The Senate, on motion of .VIr. JOHNSON, of
Maryland, then proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and the doors remained closed
until near nine o'clock, when they were reopened,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, .iugust 8, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed to con-
