1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
sider the business on the Speaker's table. Lost,
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to make a report from the Joint Select
Committee on ihe publication of the debates and
proceedings of Congress.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion,
but before being taken, Mr. Ashmun withdrew the
motion.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made adverse reports on the peti-
tions of John Newton, John Ambrozine, and Wy-
att Richards, and on the memorial of the General
Assembly of Florida, for a quarter section of land
on which to locate the court-house of Hillsboro'
county; all which were laid on the table.
_ Also, from the same commiltee,a bill for the re-
lief of William J. Price. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill to autho-
rize the State of Alabama to apply certain lands
heretofore granted to that State for internal im-
provements and for the use of schools in lieu of
the valueless 16th sections in said State. The bill
was read twice. Aftersome conversation between
Messrs. COLLAMER, WHITE, and others, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed, and, being en-
grossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, to whom was referred Senate bill to
authorize the relinquishment of the 16th sections
in certain cases, and the selection of other lands
in lieu thereof, reported the same.
Also, House bill to pay to the State of Missouri
the 2 per cent, upon the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands sold in said State, which has been
reserved by the United States for the purpose of
constructing a road to said State, reported the same
back to the House; and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petition of citizens of
Oregon county, Missouri, praying for a change of
the location of a small tract of land; of Luke Lea
and D. Shelton, Nathaniel J. Wyth, of the heirs
of John Kendrick, Charles Bulfinch, and others,
Hall J. Kelly, Luke Perry, and James Brownlee,
and the citizens of Louisiana, for a grant of land.
Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, a bill to aid the
State of Louisiana in reclaiming the swamp lands
therein. Read and committed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
to which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
William W. Wynn, reported the same back to the
House, without amendment. Laid on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred Sen-
ate bill to facilitate international exchanges, re-
ported the same back to the House, without amend-
ment. It was laid on the table.
Subsequently, Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid 1
on the table. ' I
On motion of Mr. CHASE, that motion was j
laid on the table. ' i
Mr. LINCOLN, from the committee to which ]
was referred Senate joint resolution for the relief
of such persons as may have incurred the disabil- !
ity of the 28th section of the act to change the !
organization of the Post Office Department, and !
provide more effectually for the settlement of the I
accounts thereof, approved July 2,1836, reported |
the same with an amendment. !
Mr. LINCOLN moved that the resolution be j
put upon its passage; and, after some remarks by
Messrs. LINCOLN, ROOT, and FICKLIN—
Mr. ROOT moved that the bill be laid on the
table. Agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, from th,e Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which
was referred Senate bill for the relief of George V.
Mitchell, reported the same back to the House
without amendment. Commuted.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secrteary of War be requested loeause
a survey and examination to be made of that part of tbe
Potomac river between the Loiil' Bridge and Georgetown,
with a view to a;-certuin the cause of tile formation of laud
on the fiats along the hanks of the river; and that he cau^e
also an estimate to be madeoftheco^tofrepairingtlipLong
Bridge; and al-o of constructing a bridge across the Poto-
mac at the aqueduct of the canal at Georgetown ; and also
an estimate of the probable cost of keeping up a steamboat
ferry in the place of the Potomac bridge; and that the report
be made at as early a period in the next session as practicable.
After some remarks by Messrs. CHAPMAN
and SAWYER—
Mr. SAWYER moved to lay the resolution on
, the table. The yeas and nays were taken on the
1 motion, and resulted: Yeas 76, nays 91.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question, which was seconded; and j un-
der the operation thereof, the resolution was agreed
to. . °
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill supplemental to an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Washington, Alexandria,
and Georgetown Steam Packet Company." Read
and committed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred Senate bill
to carry into effect certain provisions in the treaties
between the United States and China and the Ot-
toman Porte, giving judicial powers to ministers
and consuls of the United States in those countries,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment.
After a brief explanation by Mr. Ingersoix, the
bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to
the Senate.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred Senate bill for giving
effect to certain treaty stipulations between this
and foreign Governments for the apprehension and
delivering up of certain offenders, reported the
same back to the House with amendments.
Mr. INGERSOLL made a brief explanation of
the bill;, after which, the amendments were read
and agreed to, and the bill, as amended, was then
read a third time, passed, and returned to the
Senate.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same committee,
to which was referred Senate bill to promote the
despatch of business in the Supreme Court, and to
repeal the second section of the act approved June
17,1844, entitled " An act concerning the Supreme
Court of the United States," reported the same
back to the House with an amendment.
The amendment was read; and, after some dis-
cussion by Messrs. J. R. INGERSOLL, BOW-
LIN, THOMPSON of Mississippi, and others,
the previous question was moved and seconded, and
the main question ordered. -
Mr. BO WLIN moved to lay the bill and amend-
ment on the table. The yeas and nays were taken
on the motion, and resulted; Yeas 82, nays 84.
The question recurring on agreeing to the amend-
ment, the yeas and nays were taken thereon, and
resulted: Yeas 76, nays 84.
So the amendment was rejected.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering the
bill to be read a third time, and resulted: Yeas 61,
nays 98.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the House
proceed to consider the business on the Speaker's
table. Lost.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred Senate
joint resolution in reference to the next census,
reported the same back to the House with an
amendment.
Mr. I. asked to have the resolution put upon its
passage; and, after, some conversation between
Messrs. J. R. INGERSOLL, THOMPSON of
Mississippi, and ASHMUN, the resolution was,
on motion of Mr. ASHMUN, committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
| Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
! miltee, to which was referred Senate resolution
concerning the distribution of the statutes at large,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment.
The resolution was then read a third time and
passed, and leturned to the Senate.
Mr. HALL, of New York', from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred Senate bill to change
the time of holding the circuit and district courts
in the State of Kentucky, reported the same back
to the House without amendment.
Thereupon, the bill was read a third time and
passed, and returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of New York, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the petition of Wyatt Eppes. Laid on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER moved that the House pro-
ceed to consider the business on the Speaker's
table. Lost.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported bills for
tbe relief of the heirs of John Jackson; for the
relief of the heirs of Willis Reddick; for the relief
of the legal representatives of Colonel John H.
Stone, an officer of the revolutionary war; which
bills were severally read and committed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Samuel^ Ransom, an officer of the revolutionary
war, killed at Wyomiifg; and for the relief of
Moses Van Campen; which bills were read and
committed.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on the petitions of the executors of Henry Paul-
ing, heirs of William Cherry, and the heirs of
Lieutenant Micah Whitmarsh. Laid on the table.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
inhabitants of the village of Carondelet, in the
State of Missouri. Committed.
^ Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
Creek nation of Indians. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs were discharged from the
petitions of R. C. Gentry and others, Lawrence
Taliaferro, late Inditm agent at St. Peters, John
Phagan, Joseph Chaffee, William B. Hart, as-
signee of Alexander Anderson and others, &c.
Laid on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, from the
same committee, to which was referred Senate bill
to compensate R. M. Johnson for the erection of
certain buildings for the use of the Choctaw Acad-
emy, reported the same back to the House without
amendment. Committed.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee Military
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill for the
rehe%of the legal representatives of Thomas J. V.
Owens, deceased, reported the same back to the
House without-amendment. Committed. *
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for ascertaining and paying the
California claims, reported the same back to the
House with an amendment. Committed,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of C. H. Todd. Laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to pur-
chase, out of the contingent fund, from Mechlin & Winder,
the publishers of the General Navy Register and Compila-
tion of all Laws reiatws to the Navy of the United States,
three hundred copies of that work, at a pnee not exceeding
three dollars per copy, and that the same he deposited in
the Congressional Library, subject to the further order of
this House.
Mr. SCHENCK, after making a few observa-
tions in explanation of the resolution, moved the
previous question, which was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
On motion of Mr. STUART, of Michigan, the
resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. GAYLE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred a joint reso-
lution of the Senate authorizing the submission of
certain claims to arbitration, reported the same
back to the House without amendment; and, there-
upon, the bill was read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred ^Senate bill to revive
the act entitled " An act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or destroyed
in the military service of the United States," ap-
proved January 18, 1837, and the acts approved
October 14, 1837, Mid August 23, 3842, and the
last proviso of theacPbf March 3,1843,amendatory
of the same, reported the same back to the House
without amendment. Laid on the table.
Mr. BURT, under instructions fiom the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of enabling him to move
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the consideration of Senate
bill relating to the payment of the fourth regiment
of Vermont militia. Lost, two-thirds not voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the repre-
