1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
Bentatives of John M. Baker. Read and com-
mitted. _
On motion of Mr. S. LA-^VR-ENCEj the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions were discharged
from the consideration of the petitions of John
Rose, Adam Harper, and Mary Segar, widow of
Peter Segar. Laid on the table.
Mr. HAMMONS moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of enabling him to move to'
discharge the Committee of the Whole from the
bill to change the time of holding the terms of the
circuit court o.f the United States m the district
of Maine. Lost, two-thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. PRIES, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Robert and Henry Blow, Silas Chatfield, James
M. French, John Harrigan, and John Forrest.
Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. PULTON, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, to which was referred the House
bill to authorize the payment of invalid pensions
in certain cases, was discharged from the further
consideration of the same; and it was laid on the
table.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the rehef of Horatio Fitch. Read
and committed.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, the Committee of
the Whole were dischaiged from the further con-
sideration of the bill of the Senate for the relief of
David N. Smith.
The bill was th£n read a third time, passed, and
returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. VENABLE, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petitions of Samuel J.
Smith, of New York, William Wallace, Sally-S.
Crocker, and Charles Wilson; and they were laid
on the tablfe
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of William Lynch. Read and committed. •
On motion of Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions were discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
James Charles, John H. Goolsby, and nineteen '
others, and of Benjamin P. Smith; and they were
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, the
Committee of the Whole were discharged from
the further consideration of the bill for the relief
of Catharine Clark.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read a third time, passed,
and sent to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. NESS, the Committee on In-
valid Pensions' were discharged from the further
^consideration of the petitions of Robert Rose, Jesse
Rose, Aaron H. Hoyt, Joseph M. Rhea^Joshua
Russell, Benjamin Watson, William Murray, and
Mrs. C. H. Johnston. Laid on the table.
Mr. VENABLE, by direction of the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of Joseph D. Ward. Lost,
two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Lost.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the House
proceed to consider the business on the Speaker's
table. Lost.
Mr. DUER, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill for the
relief of the personal representatives of William
A. Slacum, deceased, reported the sanie back to
the House with amendments. Committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from theCommittee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill to sur-
render to the State of Indiana tjp Cumberland road
ill said State, reported the same back to the House
without amendment.
Mr SMITH, of Indiana, made a few brief re-
marks in urgent advocacy of the bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, then moved
the previous question*, which was seconded, and,
under the operation thereof, the bill was read a
third time, passed, and sent to the feeoate.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Committee
on Roads and Canals were discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of the Legis-
latures of Tennessee and Pennsylvania, and ot
sundry petitions on the subject of a rail road Jrom
Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean. Laid on the
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill making an appropriation for
surveying and opening a road from the Falls of
St. Croix to La Pointe, on Lake Superior. Read
and committed.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Rebecca Freeman. Read and committed.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions were discharged from the pe- ji
titions of Abigail Williams, Isaiah Williams, Let-
tis Pond, Squire Ferris, Abigail Hamilton, Nancy
Byrd, and Robert Allison; and they were laid on
the table.-
On motion of Mr. DONNELL, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions were discharged from ii
the petitions of Nathaniel Bailey, Catherine Wil-
son, Solsbery Wheeler, heirs of James Taylor;
Elizabeth Simpson, Ann Spencer, John T. Par-
rish, administrator; Lemuel P. Montgomery, Wil-
liam Sedford, Mrs. Sally Ketchum, Josiah Hobbs,
Lucretia and Mercy Demmon, Henry Bardan,
Henry Haines, and Esther Fish, widow of John
Ladd, &c.; and they were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the petitions
of Morris Fosdick and Robert Graham. Laid on
the table.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was referred Senate bills for the relief of
Oliver C. Harris, reported the same back to the
House without amendment.
The bill was thereupon read a third time and
passed, and returned to the Senate. |
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the J
relief of Ross Winans. Read and committed.* j
Mr. PALFREY, from the Committee on the j
Library, reported a joint resolution to authorize i
the purchase of Catlin's gallery of pictures of North i
American Indians. Read and committed. j;
Mr. PRESTON, from the same committee, to :j
whish was referred the resolution of the House of h
March 13, 1848, relative to the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, reported the following resolutions, which
were read and agreed to:
Resoh ed, That it is inexpedient to change and modify the 1
act establishing the Smithsonian Institution in tile manner '
nroposed in *aid resolution.
Resohed, That Ihe committee be dischaiged from the fur-
ther eonsideiation of said resolution, and that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. MURPHY, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution in relation to the printing
of the documents, &c., of Congress, and to the
Library of Congress; which resolution was read
three times, passed, and sent to the Senate. i
Mr. ASHMUN, from the joint select committee !
] on the subjectof publishingthe proceedings and the |
i debates of each House of Congress, reported the ■
following resolution: !
Resolved, That, in order to secure a more full, impartial, j
a>Jd prompt publication of the proceedings and debates of j
this House, the Cleik be authorized and directed to enter \
into a contract, to take effect from tins day, and to continue !
until otherwise otdered bv the House, with thy proprietors j
of the twodailv papers in tins city, the National Intelligencer !
and Union, for the daily publication jo eacli paper of the i
proceedings and debates of the House, and for tin: early j
siibsfipient publication of such «p<;eclies as members may j
choose to revise and write out at full length, lor which the j
Clerk shall make weekly payment out ol Hie contingent fund
at the rate of $7 50aeolunni of bieviertv pe : l'ro< ioc'i, Tiiiit j
the proceedings and current debate shall be transferred to the I
countiy edition of said papers, and one copy ol each ot said ,
daily papers shall be furnished to cach member during me ■
sessions of Congress, without additional charge.
Some debate followed, in which Messrs. ASH- i
MUN, COBB, and ROOT participated.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question; which was seconded.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
lay the resolution on the table; which was rejected: i
Yeas 83, nays 85. i
An amendment moved by Mr. COBB, of Geor- •
gia, striking out that portion of the resolution ;
which provides that it should take effect from this
day, and also stoking out the provision for revised
speeches, was then agreed to; and the question
being taken on agreeing to the resolution as thus
amended, it was decided in the negative: Yeas 80,
nays 85.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Rules, reported a resolution to rescind
for the residue of the session the rule allowing to
any member moving an amendment in Committee
of the Whole, five minutes to explain the amend-
ment after the debate has been closed.
Mr. SMITH moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay^the reso-
lution on the table. The yeas and nays were taken
on the motion, and resulted: Yeas 72, nays 99.
The House refusing to lay the resolution on the
table—
The previous question was seconded, and, under
the operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to;
and a motion to reconsider the same was made
and was laid on the table.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Cabell, of
Florida, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for the
preservation and repairs of the public works upon
certain harbors and rivers, and for the survey of
certain harbors.
Mr. HUNT made some explanations in relation
to the bill, and proposed an amendment, adding
sundry other itertis of improvement; after which, a
debate on general politics commenced, and was
participated in by Messrs. DICKINSON, PUT-
NAM, PILLSBURY, HUDSON, KAUFMAN,
ROCKWELL of Connecticut, MULLIN, FICK-
LIN, and JOHNSON of Tennessee, who con-
cluded his remarks at half past eleyen o'clock.
Mr. OUTLAW then obtained the floor.
And the committee' rose, and the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 8, 1848.
The following messages were received from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
It affords me satisfaction to communicate herewith, for
the information of Congress, copies of a decree adopted by
the National Assembly ot France, in response to the resolu-
tion of the Congiess of the United States, passed on the 13th
April last, tendering the congratulations of the American to
the French people upon the success of their recent efforts to
, consolidate the principles of liberty in a republican form of
| Government. JAMES K. POLK.
i Washington, August 8,1848.
! FRENCH REPUBLIC.
\ Liberty, E<juallty, Fraternity '
j National Assembly.
The National Assembly has unanimously adopted the de-
| cree of the following tenor:
i Article 1. In the name of the French people, the Na-r
; tional Assembly, profoundly touched by the sentiments
' which dictated the resolution of the Congress of the United
State?, on the 13th April, offers to the American people the
thanks of the Republic and the expression of its fraternal
amity.
Article 2. The Commissioner of Executive power is
eharged to transmit the present decree to the French lega-
tion at Washington, with the order to present it to the Amer-
ican Government.
Decreed, atter deliberation in public session at Paris, on
the 95th Mav, 1843.
Signed bv the President and Secietaries, Buchez Peupin,
Leon Robert, F. De George, T. Lacrosse, Emiie P6an, Ed-
mund Lafa% ette.
A true copy for transmission : ^
The President and Secretaries. Signed; Marie, F. Be-
rard, Emile Pean, Edmund Lafayette, L. Robert des Ar-
dennes.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs; Jcles Bastide.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was ordered that
the foregoing message and decree be entered on
the Journal.
To the Senate of the United States:
In reph to the re>olution of the Senate of the 7th instant,
requesting the President to inform that body " whether he
  has an> miorumtiou that any citizen or citizens of theUm-
< ted States is or are now pieparing, or intending to prepare,
'within the United States, an expedition to revolutionise
« by force any part of the Republic of Mexico, or to assist
< in so doing:'and, if he has, what   the extent of such pre-
4 partition, and whether he has or is about to take any :>teps
1 to arrest the same,'51 have to state that the Executive is
not in possession «>{ any information ot the character called
foi bv the resolution.
Tiie late treaty of peace with Mexico has been and will be
faithfully observed on our part. JAMES Iv. POLK-
Washington, 8, 1S4S.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate two memorials of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, praying the construction of a road from Prairie
du Chien to the falls of St. Crois; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office ana
' Post Roads.
