1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After a few words from Messrs. DAYTON,
WESTCOTT, BERRIEN, KING, and JOHN- j
SON of Georgia, the bill was read a third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate took
up the bill from the House for the relief of F. M.
Holton.
Mr. KING called for explanations; which Mr 
BADGER save, and the bill was then read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported House bill to
establish certain post routes, with sundry amend- I
ments. j
Mr. N. urged the immediate consideration of!
the amendments, and the prompt passage of the 1
bill. ,
Mr. KING thought the bill too important for j
any such hasty action, and contended that the i
amendments should be printed, j
Mr. NILES yielded the point reluctantly, it be- j
ing agreed that the bill should be taken up at 11 i
o'clock to-morrow morning; and then the Senate I
took a recess from a quarter-past 4 to half-past 5. '
NIGHT SESSION. j
The Senate proceeded to consider House bill '
authorizing the State of Alabama to-apply certain j
lands heretofore granted to the State for internal j
improvements and use of schools in the valueless .
sections in said State; which, after having been I
, engrossed, was read a thiid time, and passed. ;
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate !
proceeded to consider Senate bill to provide for j
carrying into effect the 5th article of the treaty be- |
tween the United States and the Mexican Repub- j
lie, for the establishment of the boundary line be- 1
tween them; which was ordered to be engrossed, !
and was subsequently read a third time5 and passed, j
The bill gftnting a pension to Elizabeth Mun- j
roe was considered in Committee of the Whole, j
and, on motion of Mr. BREESE, was laid on the :
table. ;
Senate bill for the relief of George Center was ;
considered in Committee of the "Whole, and, after
some debate— ;
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on ;
the question of engrossment, and the vote stood as .
follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, BerriPn, Cameron, Clarke, ]
Oorwin, Dodge, Downs, Hannegau, Houston, Johnson of 1
Maryland, King. Miaon, Miller, Nile*, Pearce, Sebastian, j
VVenrott, and Yulee—19. !
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atcliison, Bradbury, Breeze,/
Bricbt, Dickinson, Div, Feleh, Johnson of Geors^ia, Phelps,'
Spruance, Turncy, Underwood, and Upham—14.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported the bill to establish the Territorial
Government of Minesota, with amendments.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion requiring the Commissioner of Patents to re-
port annually upon the prices of labor and the
productions of agriculture and manufactures. ;
After considerable debate, in which Messrs.
ALLEN, JOHNSON of Maryland, UNDER- j
WOOD, and others participated, the resolution ■
was laid on the table: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison,Breese, Burler, Davis of |
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Feleh, Foote, Hunter, (
Johnson of Georgia, Kin?, Lewis, Mason, Niles, PiieJps, ;
Sebastian. Turney, and Westcott—20. i
NAYS—Me& is. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Cameron, !
Clarke, Coiwm, Davis of Massachusetts, Gieene, Houston, ;
Johnson ot Man, land, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Met-
calfe, Miller, Pearce, Spruance, and Underwood—17.
And then, at 9 o'clock, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, august 9*1848.
The Journal of yesterday was^pd and approved.
Mr. McCLEL'LAND stated that he desired the
unanimous consent of the House to enable him to
offer a resolution, to which he knew no objection
would be made when he stated it was done at the
instance of Colonel Riley, one of the most distin-
guished officers of the old army. No one object-
ing, he offered the following resolution, which was
read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to this House a copy of the ptoeecdmg- ot a court
of inquiry convened at the city of I'uebki, m Mexico, in July,
1817, at the instance of Colonel Bemiet Riley, ot the mtantry,
of which Major Goneial Pillow was President.
  Aug. 9,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a j] twenty miles, to get back to within sight of the
suspension of the rules to enable him to offer the ! point which they first left; and this bv\ vovao-e
following resolution: ; around Cape Hatteras, which was well known to
Resolved, tliat ( rivaie bills from the Senate shall be the |j be the most dangerous point alon? the Atlantic
special ordee for Friday m xt, and those bills to which there < coa.t The £? .u J g Atlantic
shall be no objection shall be first considered. !; ^• V, ltle commerce of the adjacent country
T'u jj i  • i1 which sought an outlet bv that sound amonnfpd
The yeas and nays were taken on suspending | to something like ^,000,000 an„ua°"v anTpaid in
the rules, and resulted: Yeas 80, nays 75. Lost, : consemi^n^nf this^
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative. !! th'S ob?tructed an<? dangerous nav-
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved
11 igation for lighterage alone more than 4100,000
<• ,u "1 ,,;■■■ rr f li "ually, and for increased insurance and adtlirinnnl
fowlT^o ution 6 er !i {rre'Sh,l like §375,000 annualj. The
of til. .louse of Representatives !! Se'lat^nd^reitL^er'rn^ 'T™* hW
be instructed to pay to Master James Moor, out of the con- '! *?enators an(1 requested her Representatives to vote
tin^ent fund of the House, the same compensation that has " , appropriation to open this channel; the work
been paid to otljer pages, lie having acted as page during the
present session of Congress.
The question was put, and the rules were sus-
pended, two-thirds Yoting in favor thereof.
The resolution was then received, and, under
the operation of the previous question, agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved a
suspension of the rules to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Hou^e of Representatives
be directed to pay, out 01 the contingent fund of the fcJouse,
to each of the laborers employed in the Capitol grounds the
bame extra compensation which is paid to the laborers em-
ployed in the Capitol.
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative, two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to suspend
the rules to enable him to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Seigeant-at-arms, Doorkeeper, Post-
master, and Chaplain of this House be paid the u ual extra
compensation, out of the contingent fund ot this House.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion
to suspend the rules,, and resulted, yeas 93, nays
52. Lost, two-thirds not voting m favor thereof.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the House resolved i
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the preservation and repairs of
the public works upon certain harbors ami rivers,
and for the survey of certain harbors.
Mr. OUTLAW was entitled to the floor, and
yielded for a few moments to—
Mr. EVAINS, of Maryland, who further ex-
had been surveyed by distinguished engineers,
both under the authority of the War Department
and of the State of North Carolina, and was pro-
nounced perfectly practicable. He urged various
other considerations recommending 'this as a na-
tional work, especially its value as a safe harbor
for our navy in time of war, and warmly urged
the justice of the appropriation. He yieldetf in
the course of his remarks to—
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, who responded
to all which had been said respecting the great gen-
eral importance of the work, and said, if there was
any work on our whole coast from Maine to New
Orleans which was one of high national character,
and deserved appropriations for the object named,
thi3 was such a work.
-Mr. PALFREY, during the few remaining mo-
ments allotted to debate, further opposed the ap-
propriation asked for the payment for the Amistad
negroes, and denounced as felons those to whom
it was proposed to be made.
Mr. HUNT then availed himself of the privi-
lege afforded by the rules to address the committee
for an hour in explanation' of the bill under con-
sideration; but he first yielded the floor for a mo-
ment, that—
Mr. VENABLE might say, that in deference
to the request of the Legislature of North Caro-
lina, he should vote in committee for the amend-
ment of his friend and colleague [Mr. Outlaw]
for the appropnaiion for the improvementof Nag's
Head, on the coast of that State. He feared,
however, that the bill, as digested and matured in'
committee, would be such as to make it his duty
to vote against it.
Mr. HUNT then proceeded to explain the char-
plained ins views of the Amisiad case, confirma- i acter of the bill, which he said was entitled to the
tory of the general positions taken by Mr. Rock
well, of Connecticut, last evening; and a conver-
sation occurred relative to the same question, in
which Messis. EVANS, ROCKWELL of Con-
necticut, C. J. iNGrERSOLL, and PALFREY,
participated.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, and Mr.
PALFREY, (speaking by the courtesy of Mr.
Outlaw,) subsequently briefly expressed their
views: the former m advocacy of, and the latter
in opposition to, the proprosed appropriation for
the Amistad negroes.
Mr. ROOT (speaking in like manner) recalled
the attention of the committee to the bill under !
consideration, and briefly presented the importance !
of the proposed appiopriations for Vermillion and |
Huron rivers and Sandusky harbor, stating that ;
these and larger appropriations at these points I
had been recommended by the chief of the proper I
bureau in the War Department, and that the same i
officer had recommended, in every instance, at !
least double, and sometimes treble, the amount of I
appropriations proposed by the various items of i
tins bill. I
Mr. OUTLAW gave notice of an appropriation, j
which he should move at the proper stage of the ;
bill, for the opening a communication between 1
Albemarle Sound and the Atlantic Ocean, and
presented its paramount importance and claim to ;
appropriation, not only for the benefit of the entire
t serious attention of the House and of Congress,
j At this late hour of the session he should not enter
! into an argument to establish the constitutional
| power of this Government to make appropriations
j; for harbors and rivers, for it appeared to him to
11 be unnecessary. The power had been exercised
|j by this Government from the first Congress under
j| the Constitution, in 1789, to erect light-houses,
and to do other things for the protection of com-
merce. Every Congress had passed bills to make
and to protect public works, as broadly as this
under consideration; and the present House had
declared by a solemn vote* of more than two to
one that this Government has this power, and
therefore it would be trifling with the House io
argue in favor of that which was self-evident.
There were a large portion of the people of this
Union interested in the prosecution of these works,
and their necessity was as apparent as the duty of
the Government to make such appropriations.
He next proceeded to show that the Executive,
with his message sent to Congress at the first ses-
sion of the 29th Congress, sent in estimates and
reports from the Topographical department, ac-
companied by a communication from the Secretary
of War, which not only recommended different
works of improvement, but furnished an argument
to show the importance and necessity of making
them. The President did not deny the right to
make them, but committed himself to their appro-
section ot country adjacent, but as a great national || val. The appropriations for ihis purpose were
.-WM'ta >1 f f ^ flirt ~ .. 1 "V 1 1 '   .1   .
work, important to the commerce of the whole
country. He represented, that by a change which
had been going on since Walter Raleigh first landed
on the coast of North Carolina, and which had
been produced by natural causes, the channel at
the mouth of the Albemarle had been diverted from
its direct course to the ocean, and it now took a
southerly direction into Pamlico Sound, and dis-
charged itself into the Ocracock channel, so that
vessels bound out of that sound to the north were
obliged to go south sixty miles into the Ocracock,
recommended as warmly as those for the army
and navy, or any other branch of the public ser-
vice. And the estimates of the officers of this Gov-
ernment, which the President submitted to Con-
gress with his warm commendation, exceeded a
million of dollars, while the appropriations pro-
posed to be made by this biil did not amount to
half that sum. He read the items of the bill to
show the character of the works themselves, and
the claims which they had on this Government.
But, m addition to these, there would be one or
i and then sixty miles back, making one hundred and b two oth|r items submitted as amendments, with
