1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 9,
at the mouth of the Yazoo river, in Mississippi,
#5,000."
By Mr. KAUFMAN: "For survey and im-
provement of Sabine river, the alternate sections of
public domain lying on the east hank of said river."
By Mr. McKAY: "For continuing the im-
provement of the Cape Fear river, below Wil-
mington, $20,000."
By Mr. HARALSON: " For the improvement
of the Chattahoochee river, both below and above
the falls, $50,000."'
By Mr. CLARKE: " For the improvement of
the Big Barren river, in Kentucky, $50,000."
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: " For the improve-
ment of the Tombigbee river, from Camargo to
Pickensville, $70,000; for the improvement of Gai-
ahnsha river, 520,000; for the improvement of Big
Black river, $20,000."
By Mr. COBB, of Alabama: "For the im-
provement of the Flint and P;iint Rock rivers,
§15,000."
By Mr. S. LAWRENCE: " For the improve-
ment of the harbor of Whitehall, on Lake Cham-
plain, New York, $10,000."
By Mr. McCLERNAND: "For the improve-
'ment of the Wabash river, alternate sections of
the public land for five miles on each side of said
river."
By Mr. COBB, of Alabama: " For the improve-
ment of Coosa river, $50,000."
By Mr. BROWN, of Virginia: "For the im-
provement of Dog river, above the falls, §50,000."
Ruled out of order.
By Mr. SILVESTER: "For continuing the
public works and removing the obstructions in the
Hudson river, near the city of Albany, §50,000."
By Mr. FRIES: Add to the item for the im-
provement of the Ohio river, "to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War in
removing^ the dams and wiiig walls put into said
river at the expense of the General G-overnment."
By Mr. KENNON: Add to the item for the
improvement of the Ohio river, " provided that no
portion of said last mentioned sum shall be em-
ployed for the purpose of changing the current to
or from either channel of said river round Wheel-
ing island."
By Mr. RICHEY: " For improving and deep-
ening the channel of the Ohio river opposite Mari-
etta,"Ohio, §10,000."
By Mr. EMBREE: "For the improvement
of the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville,
$40,000."
By Mr. TAYLOR: "For improving the Ohio
river at the mouth of the Scioto river, State of
Ohio, $10,000,"
By Mr. CHASE: "For the improvement of
Salt river, above the falls, for the benefit of the
Whig party, $10,000."
By Mr. DICKINSON: "For the continuance
of the improvement of the head of the Sandusky
bay, §5,000."
„By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: "For a sur-
vey of the Washita and Little Missouri rivers, in
Arkansas, $10,000."
" For the improvement of White and Black
rivers, in accordance with a survey already made
by the order of Congress, $10,000."
By Mr. FARRELLY: " For the improvement
of the Alleghany river, $25,000."
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: " For the im-
provement of the Des Moines and Rock River
rapids, in the Mississippi river, §50,000."
By Mr. CLARKE: "For the improvement of
Green and Barren rivers, in Kentucky, §50,000."
By Mr. HUBBARD: " For continuing the im-
provement at the mouth of the Connecticut river,
820,000."
By Mr. GREEN, of Missouri: Add at end of item
for improvement of Ohio river below the Falls, and
Missouri and Arkansas rivers, &c., the following:
" Commencing at the points in said rivers where
the improvements are most needed by the public
interest, and proceeding until the appropriation is
exhausted."
By Mr. HOLMES,ofNew York: "For repair-
ing the piers at the mouth of'the Genesee river,
$10,000."
By Mr. McCLERNAND, as a new section:
" That the General Assembly of the State of Illi-
nois is hereby authorized to levy and collect a ton-
nage duty upon vessels upon the Illinois river, to
be approved by Congress, for the improvement of
the navigation of that river."
By Mr. BOWLIN, as a new section:" That the
State of Missouri is hereby authorized and em-
powered to levy and collect a tonnage duty, not
exceeding ten cents on the ton per annum on all
boats navigating the waters of the State and trading
to St. Louis, for the purpose of improving the
harbor of St. Louis; and the said Legislature is
authorized to continue the works on said harbor of
St. Louis with the amount thus raised by tonnage
duty, and by any and all other funds that the Le-
gislature or the city of St. Louis may appropriate
,for the continuance of such work at St. Louis."
Ruled out.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, as new sec-
tions:
Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States is hereby authorized to borrow, on the credit of
the United States, such amoant of money as shall he required
to carry into efft-ct the foregoing act, and to issue therefor
stock of the United states for the slim thus boffowed, in
the same form as provided in former acts of Congress on the
subject of loans, redeemable at a period not longer than
twenty years.
And be it further enacted, That the stock issued under the
provisions of this act shall not bear a higher rate of interest
than six per eent. per auiiuin, payable semi-annually, and
no part thereof shall be dispose^ of at Ie*g thaB par.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: "For the improvement
of the Trinity river, in Texas, $20,000."
No more amendments being offered, the Com-
mittee rose and reported the bill as amended.
Mr. HUNT moved the previous question, which
•was seconded; and, under the operation thereof,
the amendments which had been sanctioned by the
Committee of the Whole were all agreed to, and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and. read a
third time.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote ordeiing the engrossment of the bill, and
moved to lay that motion on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to suspend the rules, for
the purp/ise of reading the bill a third time. The
yeas and nays were taken on the motion, and re-
sulted, yeas 112, nays 59. Two-thirds not voting
in the affirmative, the motion was not carried.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a suspension of j
the rules for the purpose of considering the busi- :
ness on the Speaker's table. Lost, two-thirds not j
voting in favor thereof. i
Mr. VINTON rose to propose that the House !
take a recess from four to half-past six o'clock to- j
day. [Cries of " No, no; three to five."] He :
gave notice that when the House came together he ;
should move to take up the amendments of the j
Senate to the civil and diplomatic appropriation J
bill, and he would state that lie was informed by
the Speaker that without this bill pass it was impos-
sible to pay the members of the House. [Laugh-
ter, and cries of " We'll pass it."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will confirm the
statement of the chairman of the Committee of j
Ways and Means. There is not enough mcuiey
in the treasury of the House to settle the accounts
of the members until this bill is passed.
After a word of conversation between Mr.
JONES, of Tennessee, and the SPEAKER—
Mr. VINTON modified his motion to provide
for a recess from half-past three to half-past five
o'clock; which was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL—by ayes 76,
noes 53— the House resolved itself' into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and, after some
points of order by Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, proceed-
ed to the consideration of the Senate bill making
appropriations for certain light-houses, light-boats,
buoys, &c.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the reading of the
amendments proposed by the Committee on Com-
merce; and the first having been read—
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, rose and was
recognized by the Chair, and announced his inten-
tion of submitting some remarks which he had
for some time been seeking an opportunity to de-
liver 
Mr. GRINNELL claimed that he had not
yielded the floor, and, remarking that it was evi-
dent if the committee went into a general debate
upon this bill they would not be able to pass it at
this late stage of the session, he moved that the
committee rise for the purpose of offering a reso-
lution to terminate the debate.
The CHAIR, however, decided that Mr. Hous-
ton had the floor, unless Mr. Grinnell claimed
it for the purpose of debate. And after some fur-
ther points of order ami conversation—
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, addressed the
^ committee until the hour appointed for the recess.
I He first expressed his views on the subject of the
j compromise bill recently disposed of by the House
, of Representatives, and next proceeded to the diss- ■
j cussion of the light-house bill, and incidentally the
| question of internal improvements, showing that
: it was objected that, with works that were legiti-
1 mate and proper, others were mixed up that had
no legitimate claims upon the Government. He
examined the positions assumed by the President
in his veto message ett some length, in which he
was engaged at half-past three o'clock, when the
House, in accordance with its resolution, took a
recess until half-past five o'clock.
EVENING SESSlpjf.
The House met at half past five, and the Com-
mittee of the Whole resumed its session and the
consideration of the light-house bill.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, continued and
concluded his remarks, scrutinizing the course of
the Executive in the origin and conduct of the war,
and touching upon various other topics, and was
arrested in the course of his remarks by the expi-
ration of his hour.
Mr. GRINNELL next obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise, with a view of
offering a resolution to terminate the debate.
The motion being agreed to, on motion of Mr.
GRINNELL, a resolution was'adoptetfto terminate
debate on the bill in five minutes after its consid-
eration was resumed in committee.
Mr. VINTON reported back from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, with the amendments of the
Senate; which, on his motion, were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House again
resolved^ itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and, after some objections
raised by Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, who pro-
posed immediately to take up the amendments to
the civil and diplomatic bill, resumed the consid-
eration of
THE LTGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. BOWLIN occupied the few minutes which
remained for debate on the bill, but such was the
confusion that the course of his remarks could
not be ascertained. Toward fhe latter part of
them he referred to some Whig document which
he held in his hand, in which he pointed out two
different passages relating to General Cass, one of
which was, as he alleged, intended for the North,
and the other for the South.
The period allotted for debate havitjg expired,
the committee proceeded to vote on the bill and
amendments.
Mr. GRINNELL, chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, having made a few explanatory
remarks on the amendments from the Senate, the
question was put on concurring in these amend-
ments, and they were all concurred in.
Mr. GRINNELL then, by order of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, proposed a list of additional
appropriations, all of which were concurred in, and
the bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee pro-
ceed to consider the Senate's amendments to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which was
| agreed to.
| Mr. VINTON stated that thebill had come back
' from the Senate loaded down with a vast number
and variety of amendments, the due consideration
; of which would require two or three days. They
• did not amount to a hundred, but they came as
l near it as possible, for they were ninety-nine in
I number; and the total amount of appropriations
| which they added to the bill was betsveen eight
i and nine hundred thousand dollars; while, on the
| other hand, the effect of them, if adopted, would
| be to diminish the amount as sent to them from
; the House about seventy or eighty thousand doi-
, lars.
| Mr. V. said he had not now risen for the purpose
| of making a speech, but simply to give explana-
I lions respecting some of the various amendments
j the Senate had proposed to ingraft upon the bill,
j To do this ill regard to all of them would not only
' occupy all the remainder of the session, but -would
I extend far beyond it. The Committee of Ways
