1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 0.
that it struck his ear as one_of some magnitude;
he would, however, withdraw his objection to its
consideration.
Mr. TURNEY. I prefer that it lie over.
Accordingly, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. GRIiENE asked the favor of the Senate to
excuse him from serving on the Committee on
Printing. His engagements were such that he
could not be present during the recess; his distance
from the city was also a serious obstacle to his
attendance, and he would prefer to have some other
gentleman appointed more conversant with the
duties, and whose proximity to the District would
better lit him for the duties.
Mr. Gr. was accordingly excused.
Mr. GREENE begged leave to submit from the
Committee on Printing, appointed by the respect-
ive Houses, a resolution to the effect that it have
leave to sit in the recess of Congress to enable
them to execute the duties required of them by the
joint resolution of the 3d of August, 1846, provided
that no member of the committee shall draw pay
for anything beyond his actual expenses while
travelling to and from the Capitol for the perform-
ance of duties of said committee and his per diem
while thus engaged.
Mr. GREEiNE said that the printer was to be
paid as the work was done. The committee, on
consultation, thought it would be hard to keep the
printer out of his money until the next session,
and that the examination and payment should be
made every two or three weeks.
Mr. WESTCOTT would prefer that the reso-
lution lie over.
Mr. BORLAND asked to be discharged from
, serving on the same committee. The reasons
given by the Senator from Rhode Island for being
excused, would apply with double force to him,
who lived at so great a distance from the metropolis,
and which would render his attendance to the duties
extremely inconvenient. Mr. B. was discharged.
The vacancy caused by the discharge of Mr.
Greene, was directed to be filled by the Chair,
and the Chair accordingly appointed Mr. John-
son, of Maryland.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, Tljat the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Semite any information in Ilia De-
partment a.-, to the practicability 01 reclaiming the everglades
in the State of Florida, or as ty the exp 'dieticy of ceding
them to tile said State tor that purpose, and his opinion as
to the best mode and manner ol accomplishing such object.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That during tile remainder of the session, the
genate will take a daily recess from 4 to o'clock, p. ni.
On motion, it was ordered that the employes
in and about the Senate Chamber, in consideration
of the long and arduous session, have some extra
allowances made to them.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to establish certain
post routes, which had been reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads with
numerous amendments.
The amendments of the committee were agreed
to en masse.
Several other amendments were then offered and
adopted, when, pending an amendment moved by
Mr. Doivns—
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill to establish a government in
the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. DAYTON asked to be allowed to make
reports; and that the Senator from Illinois would
waive his motion for the present.
Mr. DOUGLAS observed that the time for
morning business had passed, and he could ,not
consent.
Mr. DAYTON said if such were the fact, it was
owing to business having been taken up out of its
order. He had been in his seat ever since the
meeting, anxiously waiting an opportunity to
make reports.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, thought they
ou°"ht to proceed to the consideration of Executive
business, which, in fact, was the special older.
Mr. DICKINSON was of opinion that if busi-
ness was to be progressed in, it should be accord-
ing to rule.
[Here there were several cries of " Executive
session!"]
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Douglas, and it was lost; when—
.Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business;
which motion was adopted, and the Senate re-
mained m secret session for near, four hours.
When the doors were reopened—
Mr. FELCH moved to proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill to apply certain alternate sections
of the public domain towards the completion of
the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal, in the State of
Michigan; which was agreed to.
On "motion of Mr. F., the bill was amended in
several particulars, the amendments ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
■ On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate took
up House bill for the relief of John Parnham;
which, after having been advocated by Mr. H.,
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BREESE moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of Senate bill to authorize the sale of re-
served lands, and for other purposes; which was
considered and passed.
,Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to take
up House bill for the relief of Alborne Alien; which
was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD advocated and explained
the bill; when it was read a third time and passed.
Mr. FOOTE moved to take up the bill for the
relief of Joseph Perry; which motion was agreed
to; and the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate took up House bill for the relief of the
heirs and widow of Francis Gramillion; which was
considered in Committee of the Whole and passed;
and the Senate took a recess.
NIGHT SESSION.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the amendments from the i!
House to the bill giving effect to certain treaty
stipulations between this and foreign governments j;
for the apprehension and delivering up of certain II
offenders, with a recommendation that the Senate ij
do not concur; and Mr. B. stated that it was with j:
a view to the appointment of a committee of con- ij
ference. Ij
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill to establish a government in ,j
the Territory of Oregon. Il
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, wished the Sen- J
ator from Illinois to forego his motion for the pres- |
ent, and consent to call it up at 10 o'clock to-mor- ji
row. He professed himself as anxious as the '!
Senator to have it disposed of, but he thought the i!
present hour not suited to the discussion. !*!
Mr. DOUGLAS would acquiesce, and with- !'
draw his motion, with the distinct understanding ■■
that it should be taken up to-morrow, at ]1 o'clock. ;i
[Cries of " Agreed !"] ;'j
Mr. DOWNS contended that the Post Office bill j!
was the unfinished business, and should come up ,1
as a matter of course. |i
The CHAIR gave it as his opinion that it was ■'
first in order. 11
Mr. ATHERTON then moved to postpone the II
further consideration of the Post Office bill, with a :!
view to take np the bill making appropriation for ;;
the military service of the United States for the
year ending 30th June, 1849; which motion was ,,
agreed to.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted various amend- ^
ments from the Committee on Finance: the first
taken up for consideration was," for arrearages for \
military surveys west of the Mississippi, $20,000;" I;
which, after a brief explanation, was adopted. i!
Several important amendments of the coftunittee ]
were adopted. >j
The amendment granting $200,000 for the mili-
tary and civil operations in California under com- '
mand of Commodore Stockton and Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont, was next taken up.
Mr, DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said the sum
was a pretty large one, and he wished some in-.'
formation on the subject.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that the amendment ,
was a portion of the bill that had already passed '
the Senate, and related only to ascertained claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired if a bill had not .
already been passed giving §700,000 for the settle-
ment of California claims, and desired to be m-
|; formed what necessity existed for this additional
j: $200,000. •
Mr. BENTON explained at length, going into a
!1 history of the case, which, while it amused, seemed
j; to convince the Senate of the necessity for adopt- j!
il ing the amendment. ■'
The amendment was adopted by a large major-
ity- •
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, offered various
amendments from the Military Committee, which
were adopted; one increasing the companies of
some of the regiments to 64, with the privilege of
extending the number to 100 men, should the Pres-
ident think proper.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the bill by inserting an appropriation of $15,000
for a fort on Proctor's Island, in Lake Borgne,
contending %vith great zeal and animation for the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON insisted that this was not a
fortification bill, and that the amendment was not
an appropriate one for the military bill.
Mr. JOHNSON insisted that it was the bill to
which it ought to be affixed. When he had offered
the amendment to the naval appropriation bill, he
was told by the same Senator, " that was not
the place for it; wait until the civil and diplo-
matic bill conies before us here." He had waited
patiently for this bill, and when he offered it again
was told that was not the place for it; and now,
when he offered it to the only bill that it could be
attached, here was the same story. He insisted
that it should go to the bill.
Mr. BENTON came to the rescue of the amend-
ment, declaring that Proctor's Island was an old
acquaintance of his, observing that he had voted
for the appropriation on all occasions, and should
do so on the present, agreeing, at the same time,
with Mr. J., that the present bill was the legiti-
mate one to which the amendment should be at-
tached.
After a few remarks from Messrs. DIX,
BREESE, and BRIGHT, against the amend-
ment—
Mr. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and the vote stood as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Borland, Cameron, Clarke, Dodge, Downs,
Fitzgerald, Foote, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Peaice,
Sebdftian, Walker, Webster, and We&teou—"2u.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bradbury, Breeze. Brisht, But-
ler, Calhoun, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
iMi«siSHppi, Dayton, Dickin>on, Dix, Felch, Hamlin, Hunter,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, King, Meteaife.
Miller, Niles, Phelps, iSpruanee, Turney, Underwood, ana
Yuiee—28.
Mr. HA'NNEGAN moved to amend the bill by
granting a discharge to such of the mounted rifie
regiment intended for California who had served
in Mexico as might please to avail themselves of
it—addressing the Senate, and paying a well-mer-
ited compliment to this regiment, which had been
first in every fight and leading in every forlorn
hope.
Mr. ALLEN supported the amendment, de-
claring his belief that they were entitled to their
discharge under the law.
Mr. BORLAND also spoke handsomely of these
gallant men, declaring they were his brethren in
arms, and with them he had first met the enemies
of his country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, opposed the amend-
ment, declaring that they were not entitled under
the law to their discharge, and doubting the policy
of allowing them to leave the service.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an item giving §600, with interest from
1847, to Captain John Caldwell, for moneys paid
by him in Mexico.
This amendment was resisted on the ground that
it was a private claim, and should not be inserted in
the bill; and, after some debate, in which Messrs.
ALLEN, ATHERTON, and DAVIS of Missis-
sippi, participated, the question was taken by
yeas and nays, and decided as follows:
•YEAS—Mrssrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell,
Borland, Bradbury, Bright. Clarke, Corvvm, Downs, Fitz-
gerald, Greene, Houston. Johnson of MarjJand, Johnson of
Louisiana. Miller. Turmn, Underwood, and Upham—30.
XAYS— Me.-wr^. Atitertou, Breese, Builer, Ofnneron, Da-
vis ofiMass-achu^etts. Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix,
Douglas, Hum'su, Hunter, King, Mason, Xiies, Spruaoee,
and Yuiee—16.
Amendments were offered by Mr. BELL and
by Mr. BORLAND, winch led to very consid-
erable debate, and were rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments being concurred in, the bill was read
a third tsme and passed.
And the Senate adjourned.
