1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI^OBE.
1061
miMcaiio« if their wishes are not complied with-.
The Senator from South Carolina had spoken' of
his attachment to the Ifnion, and declared he
■would make a srtfue-gle to preserve it; and th«n he
said they must take the matter into their own
hands—meaning thfe slaveholders. They were to
• lake charge of the Union. He preferred doing it
in the usual way, through the legitimate medium,
^and this he presumed would be the general im-
pression. He had no fears for the Union. It has
^strength enough to resist any collisions. The ques-
tion, if not settled by Congress, will finaUy settle
itself. He would vote against the proposition.
Mr. WEBSTER and Mr. NILES mutually ex-
plained on the subject of the existence of slavery
in Texas at the time of annexation.
Mr. METCALFE then expressed his intention
to vote for the bill, whether it contained the com-
promise or not. He stated, that like the Senator
from Massachusetts, he had been opposed to the
■war, and if he did not oppose the treaty, forsooth,
it was because it was the best we could do—bad
-enough, it is true—but there was no alternative,
tie thought it would now be. the best thing we
could do, if we could give back the whole of this
?>ev/territory-, and take again our fifteen or eighteen
.••millions which we have to pay for it. Kentucky,
while she stretched out one aim to the North,
'would not withdraw her other hand from the
South. She thought the South was now in the
right; bwt he believed-that the North would, in the
uiourof need, act generously; and that the Union
would not be endangered. The honorable Sen-
ator, who had uttered once the noble sentiment—
Union now and forever"—would himself stand
"by the South in the time of need; and he did not
believe that the South would take the matter into
-their -hands. He said the sons of the South came
into Kentucky and stole away tkeir daughters and
cousins, and Kentucky aent her boys, by way of
retaliation, to steal the southern girls; and while
this game was fairly played, it was idle to talk of
^disunion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, made some re-
marks in reply to what had fallen from the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in the course of which
he stated, that if the North had come to a fixed
determination to prevent the South by legislation
'srofri carrying their slaves into the new Territories,
the States could remain together no longer. This
lie stated, not as his individual opinion, but as the
sentiment of the South. He believed in the ex-
istence of the power in Congress to pass a law to
prohibit slavery, and if such a law were presented
to the Supreme Court for a decision on its consti-
tutionality, it would be in favor of the law. As a
judicial question, the decision would be against
the protection of the South.
In reference to the annexation of Texas, he
stated that it was advocated by Senators from the
northern States as advantageous to the North on
account of the market which it would open for their
•manufactures; and he adverted to the fact that
some of the Senators had been induced to vote for
it by the promise of the President, that he would
act upon the alternative proposition.
•He had voted for the compromise bill, because
'he thought it the only mode of settling the ques-
tion.
Mr. WEBSTER said he only spoke for him-
self; he did not speak for the North. He did not
know what the North is, or where the North is.
He h&d been among the earliest to oppose acqui-
sitions of foreign territory. He referred to the
maxim of Lord Bacon—that the best way to avoid
any domestic disputes or difficulties,'was to avoid
•the occasion for them; and said, that in accordance
with this maxim, he (Mr. W.) had always op- j
posed the acquisition of foreign territory., There i
were wiser heads than Lord Bacon's now. There !
are persons who will provoke occasions, or cer- j
tainly will meet them and adopt circumstances, j
* as they may arise. He then referred to the course 1
of the remarks of the Senator from South Caro- i
tina, and went on to show that there was no con-
stitutional authority for the acquisition of foreign !
territory, and that no one had pretended to show '
any constitutional warrant for the power exercised ;
by Congress, without the consent of the States, to :
make laws for Territories which never came within
the contemplation of the Constitution orits framers.
He enumerated the difficulties in which this acqui- ;
sition of territory had plunged us. He was not •
apprehensive of any disunion. He never contem- <
plated its possibility. He was not one of those
who accustom themselves to speak of such a con-
tingency. An earthquake may come, a volcano
may burst forth; but human foresight can do
nothing to prevent such calamities. So the disso-
lution of the Union is among those possible calam-
ities; but what could human wisdom do to further,
in advance ©fit, the happiness of the human race?
He believed there was a disposition everywhere
to support the Union, and that five out of six of
our citizens would be glad to give "back the new
Territories we have acquired*
Mr. BERRIEN made a few remarks, for the
purpose of inducing the Senator from Massachu-
setts to review his legal opinion as to the absence
of all power in the Constitution for the acquisition
of foreign territory. He assigned the reasons
which induced him to differ from these opinions.
Mr. FOOTE said he rose for the purpose of put-
ting an end to the debate. He saw no probability
of proper deliberation being given to this bill at
this late period of the session. Several amend-
ments had been offered, among them, one of his
own, and several Senators were very anxious to be
heard on this subject. He did not see any possi-
bility of deciding the question at this session. He
admitted the pressing occasion for the establish-
ment of a government in Oregon; but he thought,
that as it was so short an interval until the next
session, no great injury could result from the de-
lay. He moved to lay the bill on the table, but
withdrew it, on the pledge that it would be re-
newed by
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, who said that the
South honestly held the opinion that Congress has
no power to prohibit slavery. He believed the
contrary opinion was entertained with equal hon-
esty in Lhe North. If the North, having the ma-
jority, insist on exercising the power, what can
i follow but the degradation of the South, or the
; dissolution of the Union? The only remedy was
a just and honorable compromise. If the Missouri
compromise was offered to the South in the spirit
in which it was offered -in 1820, she would accept
it. He desired to know from the chairman of the
Committee on Territories whether the Missouri
compromise in the bill was tendered in the spirit
in which it was offered in 1820?
Mr. DOUGLAS replied in the affirmative. He
made a few remarks in explanation of his own
course. He gave his own opinion in the afSrma-
! tive, but said that wa^ not the understanding of
the committee.
Mr. FOOTE renewed his motion to lay the bill
on the table.
The Senate then took a recess until half-past five
o'clock.
NIGHT SESSION.
The question pending when the Senate took a
| recess was the motion of Mr. Foote to lay the ■
| Oregon bill on the table. The question was taken
| by yeas'and nays, and decided in the negative: j
I yeas 15, nays 36, as follows: j
| YEAS—Messis. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Borland, But- J
j lei j Foote, Hunter, Johnson OS Geoida, King, Lewis, Pearce, !
1 Sebastian, Turney, We&tcotf, and iTulee—io.
i NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Athei ton, Baldwin, Benton, Brad- ,
j bury^ Breese, Bugbt, Clarke, Coivvin, Davis of Massachu- j
i setts,Davis oi'Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, 1
1 Douglas, Downs, fr'eleli, Fitzgerald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, |
I Hanneyan, Houston, Johnson of Marv land, Johnson oi Lou- \
: isiana, Mason, Metcalfe, Millei, Niles, Phelps, Spruance, ;
I Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Webster—3J. ;
[ A debate then ensued which was'kept up with i
; great spirit until near 10 o'clock, in which Messrs. ;
| HUNTER, KING, FOOTE, DOUGLAS, MA- :
i SON,WEBSTER,BERRIEN",WALKER, BUT- j
|LER, CALHOUN, BRIGHT, DICKINSON, I
' METCALFE, UNDERWOOD, DAVIS of Mis- '
| sissippi, HANNEGAN, and others, participated, i
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, read the follow- .
ing amendment, which he proposed to oiler, and
which he explained in a few words. He subse-
quently declined to offer it: • l
To add the following section : ,
Jind belt furthtr enaitcd, That all that portion of terri-
tory delineated as CaUjomia and Nac Mexico on Distuinell's
Map of Mexico, a copy of winch map wa< added to lhe hue i
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo between the United States and
Mexico, shall he divided by an east and west line, and con- j
<titnte two distinctTerritonal Government. The northern
portion of said Tentory of California and New Mexico shall jl
be known and stated Noith California, the southern portion :j
of said Territory thaJl ho known and styled South Cahl'or-
ma. The dividing line between them shall he the parallel j;
of 33£ debtees rioith latitude, (from the Rio Gtande to the r
Paeinc,) commonly known as UieMisteouiicompromise hue. i'
j In said Territory ofNotth California, slavery or involuntary
j servitude (except for crime) shall he prohibited. In said
j Aerntoryof South California, slavety may exist or not, as
I the people of said Territory in forming therr constftuticfft
may direct. Both said Territories of l^orth and South Cal-
ifornia shall-be organized in every other respect as the Ter-
j ritory of Oregon is provided to fee organized by this act.
i Mr. DOWNS proposed the following as an
amendment, but subsequently withdrew it, after
some remarks:
At the enij of the bHI, aM all that part or the bill (S. 3M4)
to establish the Tefritonal ©overrvments of Oregon. Cai-
iforma, and New Mexico, after the twentieth section, with
the following amendments:
Pa e seventeen, section twenty-one, line three, strike out
the words "called Upper California," and after the word
"forty-eight" in the seventh line, insert "lying north of
thirty-six degrees thirty minutes north latitude."
Page twenty-two, section twenty-six, line ten, stiike out
the words " or lespectnijslavery," arid insert in lieu of them
'and m said Territory slavery or involuntary servitude {ex-
cept for qrinae) shall be prohibited."
Pase twenty-four, section fwenty-eijhl, fine frn-ee, strike
out the words " called New Mexico," and in the seventh
line, atter the word " forfeiture," insert " I vkil' south of the
satd line of tbirty-siv decrees thirty nnnutes noith latitude
commonly called the Missouri compromise line   '
Page thirty, section ttortv-three, line nine, strike out the
words'-or respecting slavery," and insert in lieu of them,
after "residents," 111 line fourteen, "and the said Territory
of New Mexico shall stand in all respect*, in regard to sla-
very, on the same footing as did the Territory of Louisiana
at the time of its cession to the United States.n
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Territories to
insert the words: "That inasmuch as the -said
Territory is north of the paraiki of 36° 30' of
north latitude, usually known as the Missouri
compromise," &c., with the understanding that
in ease the above .amendment of the commit-
tee should be voted down, the question should
be taken on the amendment sent to the Chair by Mr-
Douglas, embracing the-Missouri compromise.
' The yeas and nays having been called, the ques-
. tion was decided as follows;
YE'VS—Mes#fs. Bright and Dougla*—2.
NAYS—Me s « rs. Alien, Atchison, Atherion, Badger, Bald-
( win, Bell, Benton, Bernen, Borland, Bradbury,' jiier-e.
i Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke, Corwiri, Davis of M.u -
| sachu&etts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix,
; Dodge, Downs, Feich, Fitzgerald, Foore, Greene, Haie,
i Hamlin, flannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis
Mangum, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller, Nilos, Pearce, Phelps'
Sebastian, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Walker,
Webster, and Westcott—52.
The question was then taken on the amendment
embracing the Missouri compromise, and it was
decided as follows,*
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Bell, Benton. Berrien,
Borland, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron. Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgeiald, Foote,
Hanneean, Houston, Huntei, Johnson of Man land. John-ou
of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Kuu?, Lewis, Manjfum
Mason, Metcalfe, Pearce, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon',
Turney, and Underwood—33. s
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atbeitoa, Baldwin, Bradhuro,
Glee*", Clarke, Corwin, Davis ot Ma*saoliu?etk-, Dayton,
Dix, Bodice, t'elch, Greene, Hale. Hamlin, MiH«-r. Niles,
Phelps, Upham, Walker, and Webster—2i.
The other amendments of the committee, striking
out the limitation on the mileage of the delegate^
and inserting " Puget's Sound" instead of JVis-
quaUy, were adopted.
The question was about to be taken on the en-
grossment, when—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to strike
out all after th'e enacting- clause, and insert the bill
which had passed the Senate and been laid on the
table by the House; hut, on the urgent appeal of
Messrs. BERRIEN, METCALFE, and other
Senators round him, he withdrew it.
And the question was taken on the engrossment,
and decided in the affirmative, as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Atchi-on, Badger, Bell, Benton, Bernen,
Borland, Brees^e. Buirbl, Butler,Caintion, Clajton, Davis of
Di'.'Kmson, Dougla«, Down?, Pitz^eiaM, Uan-
ncgan, Houston, liuntei, Johnson of Marjland", Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King. JLewii, AJuiisnm,
Ma-ron, .Metcnl'V", Pearce, Sebastian, Spiuanee, Sturgeon,
Turney, and Unuerwood—33.
N —Messrs.. Alien, Atherfon, Baldwin, Bradbun,
Calhoun, Clarke, Corwin, Davis oi Massachusetts, Dajtoti,
Dix. IkxU'p, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Ndes,
I'helps, Upham,Walker, Webster, and Westcott—-2-2.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 11} 184S.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by winch the House yesterday agreed to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
