1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
|tn, Murphy, N«Ison. Nes, Newell, Nicoll, Palfrey, Peaslee,
feck, Petnc, Petti t, Poiiock, Putnatn, Reynolds, Richey,
Hobirr=of , Rockhill, John A- Rockwell, Rose, Root, Ruinsey,
St. John, S.uvyer, Schenck, Sherrill, Silvester, Slingerland,
Smart, Caleb tt. Smith, lio£ert Smith, Truman" Smith,
"Starkweather, Andrew Btewart, Charles E. Stuart, Sirohm,
'Strong, TaUmadge, Taylor, James Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Weutworth, White, Wick,
Williams,and Wi-Jmot—121.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
this vote, and moved to lay that motion on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The fourth amendment, which restricts the
mileage of the delegate to the same amount now
allowed to members travelling the greatest dis-
tance, was read and disagreed to.
The -other amendment was read and agreed to,
without a division.
It was ordered that the Senate be informed of
£he -action of the House on said amendments.
HARBOR AND RIVER BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the preserva-
tion and repairof certain public works, and for the
improvement of certain harbors and rrvers, and for
•the survey of certain harbors, was read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. HUNT moved the previous question; which
'was seconded, and, under the operation thereof,
the bill was passed—yeas 118, nays 63—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Bingham, Birdsall,
Blauclirtrd, Bott*, BoydOn, Brady, B«ckner, Canby, Cath-
/jartj Chapman, Clmaman, Cocke, Gollamer, CoKine, Con-
ger, Cranston, Orowell,Crozier, Darling, Dickey, Dickinson,
iJixon, Donnell, I)uer, D.iniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan,
Dunn, Eckcrt, Edsall, Edwards, Emhree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fa Ma. Fan elly, Fisher, Freed ley, Goggin,
Gott, Gregory, Giionell, Hale, Nathan K.Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Henley, Henry, Elias
B. Holmes, Hubbmd, Hudson, Hunt, ChaiJrs J. Inj-er&oIJ,
Joseph R. Inger^oll, Irvin, Jenkins, KpHow, Thomas Butler
•King, B-imel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Law-
n nee, Lincoln, Lynde, McClelland, MclJvame, Marsh,
AJarvm, Moreh^ad, Morris, Mullin, Nel&on, Nes, Nowell,
Nicoll, Ouilavv, Palfrey, Peck, Pendleton, Petne, Pollock, '
Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Shtpperd, SherriH,
.Silvester, Slingerland, CaletiB. Smith, Robert Smith, Tru-
man Smah, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Andrew
Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, Tallrnadge, Taylor,
James Thompson, Richard VV. Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren,
Wentworth, and White—118.
NAYS—Messrs. AtkiHson, Barringer, Bayly, Beale, Bed-
. -inffer, Bocock, Boyd, Brodhead, Chailes Brown, Burt,
■Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cummins, Daniel, Featherston,
Ficklin, Flournov, French, Fries, Fulton, GayJe, Green,
Willard P. Hall,'Hammond, Harris, Hill, Hilliard, George
&. Houston, Iversoa, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
John VV. Jones, Kennon, La S6re, Ligon, Lord, Lumpkin,
ftleCiernand, McKay, McLano, Job Mann. Meade, Miller,
Peaslee, Phelps, Robinson; Sawyer, Smart, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wal-
lace, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wiliuot, and Woodward—62.
Mr. HUNT moved to reconsider the vote;
which motion was laid upon the table.
■On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was ordered
that the House take a recess this day from half
past three-o*clock to half past five o'clock, p. m.
Mr. FULTON moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to move a resolution to limit the
length of remarks by any member to ten minutes,
for the residue of the session.
On suspending the rules, the vote stood—yeas
68, nays 70.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
motion was not agreed to,
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported bills for the relief of William
Kingsbury, and for t&e relief of Elisha Hampton
and others, of the State of Iowa. Read and com-
mitted.
COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. FARRELLY, by leave, from the Commit-
tee on Patents, to which was referred the petition
of Thomas G. Clinton, an assistant examiner in
the Patent Office, preferring charges against Ed-
mund Burke, Commissioner of Patents, and the
memorial of Edmund Barke, asking for an investi-
gation of the charges preferred, made a report
.thereon, accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee be dischaiged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
The resolution was agreed to, and the report
ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the army appropriation bill.
He stated that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance in the Senate had been with him urging
the necessity of coming to an agreement in the
Committee of Conference on the numerous dis-
agreements between the House on the general ap-
propriation biM.
The motion prevailed, and the House accord-
ingly went into committee (Mr. Chapman, of Ma-
ryland, in the chair,) and took up the army bill.
Mr. VINTON suggested, that as the Senate had
changed the second section of the bill, and with it
the proposed number of the army, and as the
residue of the bi-U depended on this, the committee
should first take up the Senate's amendment to the
second section; if that should be agreed to, the
other amendments would follow as of course; but,
if not, they would fall with it.
The Senate's amendment to the second section
was read, which provides that the number of men
of the companies be fixed at sixty-four.
Mr. BOTTS advocated a concurrence with the
Senate's amendment. He reverted to the ground
he had taken when the bill had been under discus-
sion in committee, reminding the House 'that he
had advocated the plan of fixing the general num-
ber of the companies at sixty-four, with liberty to
the President to increase those on distant service
in the new Territories to one hundred by reducing
•the requisite number of companies nearer home to
forty-two. The question then had been between
an army with sixty-four men to a company, as
preferred by the Military Committee, and an army
with forty-two men to a company, as recommend-
ed by the Committee of Ways and Means. The
Military Committee were induced to their conclu-
sion in part by the fact, that the Secretary of War
stated that five thousand men would be needed for
our new possessions on the Pacific. The House
had preferred the plan of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and had sent the bill to the Senate
with forty-two men to a company. It had there
undergone an examination by the Military Com-
mitteeof the Senate, and they concurred with the
opinion of the Military Committee of the House,
that the companies should vconsist of sixty-four
men, but those on distant service to contain one
hundred; they differed, however, in not recom-
mending, that to meet this increase of some com-
panies to one hundred, others should be reduced
to forty-two. This difference was not of great
moment. kThe first question would then be, on
concurring with this amendment of the Senate.
Should this be agreed to, the sums and numbers
in the other sections of the bill must be made to
conform.
Mr. TOOMBS said that the gentleman had not
stated any reasons why the Military-Committee
of the Senate disagreed to the bill of the House.
Mr. BOTTS referred Mr. Toombs to the fact he
had mentioned, that the Secretary of War stated
that five thousand men would be needed for the
Territories alone. He also reminded Mr. T. of
the arguments he had before advanced when the
bill had been in committee in the House.
Mr. TOOMBS then went into a review of the
history of the leduction and increase which the
army had undergone since 1838, and insisted that the
plan of a skeleton army, with the number of rank
and file greatly reduced, but the officers retained,
had always received the approbation of the coun-
try.
The increase of the companies to sixty-four men,
and of a part of them to one hundred, was not a
feature of the peace establishment, but an arrange-
ment caused by the declaration of war against
Mexico. That war was now over, and Mr. T.
was for returning to the old peace establishment,
with but forty-two men to a company.
He argued that a less number of men was needed,
since the power of concentrating them on any de-1
sired point had been so greatly increased. Orders
were now communicated by lightning, and the men
brought together by steam. He dwelt on the cost
of this Government in a time of peace, which he
estimated at thirty millions, more than any Gov-
ernment on earth was worth. Extravagant public
expenditure was the load to ruin, on which many
Governments of the Old World had traveled to their
destruction. If the amendment of the Senate should
be adopted, the army would cost the country not
less than ten millions; and some gentlemen favored
a still larger increase, which would run it*up io
thirteen millions. The President's recommenda-
tion woulddouble it, at a cost of twenty-five mil-
lions, while all the while he was uttering homilies
against standing armies. Mr. T. dweft.on the
evils of Executive patronage, and contended that
it ought to be cut down, and, as one means ofdoing
this, he was for reducing the size of the army. He
insisted that our frontier had not been much in-
creased, and went over the same grounds he had
formerly taken in committee (and which were re-
ported at the time) as to the impossibility of our
needing five thousand men to guard what General
Taylor had won with less than three thousand.
He denied that any numerous force was needed to
garrison the posts' at home, or take care of the
public property there; and then he advanced his
ultra ground, as on a former occasion, that we
needed no army, not a man. The people were
all-sufficient for the defence of the country. He
was willing to keep up a strong navy, but he be-
lieved an army wholly unnecessary.
Mr. McLANE replied, and expressed his utter
disagreement from Mr. T.'s views. He supported
the Senate's amendment, as approved by those
who were the fittest judges in the case. As to the
evils x)f patronage, reducing; the privates in a com-
pany from sixty-four to forty-two would not re-
duce it at all; the captain and the three lieutenants
would all remain, whether their cqmmand were
sixty-four or forty-two, rank and file.
Mr. HUNT asked Mr, McL. where the money
was to come from to maintain so large a standing
army as that gentleman seemed to approve? Was
he willing to borrow money to increase the army
in time of peace?
Mr. IVERSON asked Mr. Hunt where he (Mr.
H.) expected to get his half a million of dollars for
works of internal improvement?
Mr. HUNT replied, from the ordinary and reg-
ular receipts of the treasury.
Mr. BOTTS complained that he was placed in
an embarrassing position. He stood here almost
alone in sustaining the views of the Administra-
tion as to the proper force of the army, against
the opinion of his political friends, and without
support from his political opponents. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
came too late, after we had, by an expensive war,
obtained the new territory. It would have been
better if the gentleman had brought it forward
when we were setting out to get these new con-
quests. For himself, as was well known, Mr. B.
detested the acquisition, and would be willing to
give Mexico the fifteen millions stipulated in the
treaty to take the whole of it back again. The
increased expenditure for the army, of which the
gentleman complained, had been caused wholly by
this very thing, and really Mr. B. thought it some-
what harsh that he had to stand here battling for
the Democratic Administration, when its own
friends would not.
Mr. McLANE moved that the committee now
rise; which motion prevailing, the committee rose
accordingly; and m the House a resolution was
adopted, on motion of Mr. Vinton, te stop further
debate on the bill in five minutes after the House
should have returned into committee.
That five minutes was occupicd by Mr. Mc-
CLELLAND in defending himself against an
anonymous attack which appeared in the Tribune
at New York, charging him with having repeatedly
refused to vote on questions of internal improve-
ment, with a view to defeat those measures by the
want of a quorum voting. Mr. McC, utterly de-
nied the truth of the accusation, and appealed to
gentlemen on the Whig side of the House to say
whether he had not voted on every such -ques-
tion.
. Mr. GRINNELL, Mr. HUNT, and Mr.
TOOMBS, all bore witness to the entire falsehood
of the charge. The" time limited by resolution
having expired, the committee proceeded to vote.
The question being put on the Senate's amend-
ment to strike out the second section of the-House
bill, and substitute another, fixing the army at
sixty-four men to a company, &c., it was decided
in the negative. So the committee refused to con-
cur m the Senate's amendment, and voted to keep
the army at forty-two men to a company, as in
their own bill.
The next question was on the Senate s amend-
ment allowing certain arrears due to Colonel De
Russy, of the Topographical Engineers. In this
the committee concurred.
The next of the Senate's amendments appro-
priating $200,000 for expenses of military opera-
