1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tioos in California, and the pay of men and officers
engaged in it, including all claims for horses lost,
&.C., beins; read— .
Mr. BURT obtained leave, by unanimous con-
sent, to offer an amendment by way of substitute,
proposing a board of commissioners to liquidate
the California claims, and report them to the War
Department.
After the amendment had been read, Mr. B.
asked leave to offer in support of it a few remarks;
but they were objected to.
Mr. BpWLfN moved to amend the amendment
proposed by Mr. Burt by striking out the word
"officers," (to constitute the board of commis-
sioneis,) and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"three disinterested persons;" but this amendment
to the amendment was rejecled, as was Mr. Burt's,
and the committee also refused to concur in the
Senate's amendment.
The question then occurred on the Senate's
amendment providing, that men honorably dis-
charged in Mexico should be considered in law as
having served out their term of service, and re-
warded accordingly. In this also the committee
concurred.
In the amendment allowing $657 to Captain Cald-
well they also concurred.
The next amendment proposed certain alterations
in the marine corps, placing it on the same footing
aa in 1847, but with a limitation that it should not
exceed 1,500 privates. In this the committee re-
fused to concur.
The other particulars of the bfll which the Sen-
ate proposed to alter, so as to conform to an in-
creased amount of force, were disagreed to.
The amendment allowing forage to professors at
West Point according to their respective assimila-
ted rank, was rejected.
The Senate's amendment providing for arrear-
ages of surveys west of Mississippi, was also re-
jected.
The amendments having been gone through
with, the committee rose and reported them to the
House.
In the House, Mr. VINTON moved the pre-
vious question, which was seconded, put,and car-
ried; and the question recurring on concurring
with the Committee of the Whole in their report
on the respective amendments agreed to and re-
jected, they were all concurred in.
The bill was then returned to the Senate.
BfLLS PASSED.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, the House
proceeded to consider the business on the Speaker's
table; when Senate biils in relation to the terms of
the circuit and district courts of the United States
for the district of New Jersey, and for the relief
of Gustavus Dorr, were severally read three.times,
passed, and returned to the Senate.
Senate bills for the relief of George Senter, and
to authorize (he sale of reserved lands, and for
other purposes, were severally read a first and sec-
ond time, and committed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Senate bill to provide for carrying into effect the .
5th article of the treaty between the United States J
and the Mexican Republic, for establishing the \
boundary line between them, was read a first and ;
second time, when— !
, Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL moved an amendment j
to add all except the first section of the bill reported ,
by Mr. Benton, in the Semite, July 8, 1848,pro- i
viding for the appointment of a boaad of three com- I
missioners to adjudicate certain claims of Ameri- !
can citizens against Mexico, and for the payment j
of the same. . !
Mr. BOWLIN made the point of order that the j
amendment was wholly irrelevant to the bill, and '
not in order. ^ i
Mr. ASHMTJN colled for the reading of the I
amendment to which this was an amendment. !
The SPEAKER, after some examination, said i
t.he hill as it came from the Senate was merely a -
bill for running the-boundary line, and provided j
for the appointment, of commissioners for that ;
purpose. The Chair was of opinion that an ;
amendment for the adjudicating of claims was not
in order.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On this motion the yeas and nays were asked
and ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 78,
nays 72.
Aug. 11,
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the above bill, which
had passed to-day, was engrossed and ready to be
sent to the Senate; but as 4oubts might exist in
the minds of gentlemen as to whether it was not
already within the last three days of the. session,
during which one of the joint rules prohibited the
sending of bills from one House to the other, the
Chair had thought proper to submit the question
to the House. He referred to a decision of the
Chair upon a question of the suspension of the
rules a few days since that Sunday was not a legis-
lative day, but said that the Clerk had learned from
the experienced Secretary of the Senate that it had
been the uniform practice of that body to count
Sunday in cases like this. He would therefore
order the bill to be sent to the Senate, unless ob-
jections were made.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, to avoid all
difficulty, would move to suspend the rules for the
purpose, and to send a message to the Senate ask-
ing a concurrence in the suspension.
The SPEAKER suggested that there would be
difficulty in asking a suspension from the Senate;
that this rule was not in force there, the uniform
practice of that body.having been to count Sun-
day, so that when Congress adjourned on Monday
bills could be interchanged until Saturday morn-
. Mr. McCLELLAND inquired if a two-thirds
vote was necessary to suspend a joint rule ?
The SPEAKER replied tha^ under the prece-
dents, a majority vote was sufficient.
He also stated that, if there were no objections,
he would authorize the bill to be taken to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected, and, after
some conversation, the question was propounded
upon authorizing the bill to be sent to the Senate,
and, being agreed to, the bill was sent accord-
ingly.
CLINTON AND KALAMAZOO CANAL.
Senate bill to apply certain alternate sections of
the public domain towards the completion of the
Clinton and Kalamazoo canal, in the State of
Michigan, was read a first and second time. The
question being on the third reading of the bill—
Mr. BINGHAM said this bill proposed to grant
lands upon the Clinton and Kalamazoo canal,
which run from the mouth of the Clinton river,
upon Lake St. Clair, to Lake Michigan. It was a
State work, and had been completed for about thirty
miles. Michigan was the only one of the new
western States that had not received large grants
of land from the General Government. The em-
barrassments of the State had forced her to sus-
pend operations in the completion of the canal,
and this grant would enable her to go on and com-
plete a great public work.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
McCLELLAND and others; when—
Mr. BINGHAM moved the previous question.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to lay the bill on
the table.
The yeas and nays being ordered on the mo-
tion, the vote stood: Yeas 78, nays 81.
THOMPSON, of Indiana, said hehad voted
for laying the bill on the^table under a misappre-
hension, supposing that he was voting for the pas-
sage of the bill. He appealed to the courtesy of
the House to allow hiin to change his Yote, as it
would not change the result.
The SPEAKER said it eould be done by com-
mon consent.
Mr. HAMMONS rose and objected.
- To enable* Mr. Collamer to move an.amend-
ment—
Mr. BINGHAM withdrew his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COLLAMER then moved to add the fol-
lowing as a new section to the bill:
That the srant specified in the act shall be construed and
taken on tint-limitation, to wit: that no laud shall bo taken
but one-half 01 tix tortious- wide on each suit' ofssud canal,
so lar as now owned by the LTinieu States : and no Jand pJse-
where >h<ilt he consulted ass her?by granted, nor shall any
such he cia-med or Liken ; and also furtner, th:u none of said
laud shall >old by ?aid State but as follows, to \vu: so
mticiyis h selected for ten nule> of i anal mav be. taken and
• m>po:ed ot, and when said corresponding ten miles of canal
are finished, then the sections tor another ten mile*, and so
i from time to time; nor shall any title puss to any of said laud
to any one, unless by sales so made, and in no other man-
? -fVoMrfied, however, That the loads hereby granted shall
not be sold at less than one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre.
Mr. COLLAMER renewed the demand for the
previous question, which was seconded; and,.under
the operation theredf, the amendment was agreed
to, and the bill read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
the yeas and nays were ordered, and-being taken,
resulted as follows: Yeas 76, nays 75.
Mr. GAYLEmovedto reconsiderthevote on the
passage of the bill, in order to enable him to move
as an amendment, the bill proposing grants to the
southern railroad. He wanted to know with what
justice it was that gentlemen were now willing to
vote for the northern work, when they had to-day
rejected a bill containing precisely the same pro-
visions, but for a southern railroad ?
Mr. WENTWORTH called upon the gentle-
man to name any northern man who had voted
for the present, and had not voted for the south-
ern bill. He believed there wa3 none.
,Mr. GAYLE expressed the belief that there
were.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to lay the motion
to reconsider orr the table.
After some conversation, in which the Chair
intimated that, under repeated decisions of the
House, the proposed amendment, being on a dif-
ferent subject, would not be in order even at the
proper stage of the bill—
Mr. GAYLE withdrew the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HILLIARD renewed it.
The question on Mr. McClelland's motion
to lay on the table was rejected: Yeas 71, nays
1 80.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider, under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, the yeas were 97, nays 67.
After some debate, in which Messrs. STUART
of Michigan, GAYLE, BOWDON, and others
participated, the previous question was moved and
seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. BOYDON moved to lay the bill on the
i table*, on which the vote by yeas and nays stood,
yeas 81, nays 77.
i So the bill was laid on the table,
j Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to recon-
' sider the vote to lay on the table, and moved to lay
! that motion on the table.
Mr. STANTON moved to adjourn. Lost.
[ The question recurred on the motion to lay on
1 the table the motion to reconsider, and being put,
' it was agreed to.
And then, at fifteen minutes before ten o'clock,
: the House adjourned.
| [ m SENATE.
!! FRIDAY, August 11, 1848.
Jj The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
j! ate a communication from B. Marshall, and other
j; delegates of the Creek Indians, addressed to the
p chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
jj relative to the investment by the United States of
jj certain moneys appropriated for their benefit; which
j| was laid on the table.
jj On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
' I Resolved, That the petition of George Poindexter, together
'! with the report of the committee to whom it was referred,
.] and all the documents accompanying it, b*> referred to the
i' Secretary of War for his action thereon.
ii REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims:
\' Referring ihe papers of the repiesentatives of
Robert Carter to the First, Second, and Third
I, Auditors of the Treasury, to examine and report
!' at the next session.
i' By Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
j; Patents: An ant to provide for applications for the
j! renewal of patent-rights in certain cases, with an
|; amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked to have the bill con-
sidered at once, as it would enable the Commis-
1 sioner to decide on all the cases except one.
i Mr. DAYIS opposed the taking up of the bill,
;i as it must give rise to discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked to be
<s dischaiged from the further consideration of a
./ bundle of petitions, which he sent to the Chair,
i: but did not name.
