1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr, FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, under the direction of the-com-
mittee to audit and control the same, to each of the officers,
clerks, messengers, (excepting the acting postmasters and
mail carriers,) pages?, and laborers, in the service of the Sen-
ate, the same amounts respectively that were paid them
under a resolution ot the Senate at the last long session.
Resolcect, That there.be allowed and paid, in like manner,
to the librarian, assistant librarian, and messenger of the
Congressional Library, and to the clerks of the committees
of the Senate, each, the same amounts as were last allowed
them by'resolution of the Senate. *
Resolved, That there he allowed and paid, as above, to the
acting postmaster and each of the mail carriers of the Senate
the sum of $350, and to each of the boys assisting the mail
carriers $100, to the western gate-keeper §100, and to Syl-
vester Gray and Lloyd Wallace, each, the s-uin of $50.
Mr. TTJR.NEY moved to amend the resolution
by inserting, "to each of the Capitol police $200,
or so much thereof as with any allowance made
by the House of Representatives, will amount to
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS,
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to James JJor-
ton iVoah Hanson the same daily pay as has been paid to the
«ther messengers of the Senate, commencing with the pres-
ent session.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to Messrs. Wright
and Ramsay ^100 each, for services rendered the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate at this'session, to be paid out of
the contingent fund of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the House
to the civil and diplomatic bill. The Senate then
insisted on its amendments, and disagreed to those
of the House; and a Committee of Conference was
appointed.
REPORTING AND, PRINTING.
Mr. BADGER moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution relating to the printing of
the debates in Congress. The resolution was read,
as follows: ,
Resolved, That, in order to secure a more full, impartial,
and prompt publication of the proceedings and debates oftlie
Senate, the Secretary of the Senate he and he is hereby au-4"
thonzed and directed to enter into a contract, to take effect
from this day, with the proprietors ot each of the daily pa-
per® in thi3 city, the National Intelligencer and the Union,
and to continue until otherwise ordered by the Senate, for
the daily publication, in each paper, of all the debates and
proceedings ot the Senate, and for the early subsequent pub-
lication of such speeches as members may choose more
carefully to revise and write out at full length, for which the
Secretary is authorized to make weekly payment at the rate
of seven dollars and fifty cents foi acoluinn of brevier type:
Provided, Thai the proceedings and current debates be trans-
ferred to the country edition of said papers, and one copy of
the daily edition of each paper shall be furnished to each
member during the session without additional charge.
Mr. BADGER moved so to amend the resolu-
tion, as to make it take effect from the commence-
ment of the next session.
Mr. BENTON was surprised that an amend-
ment should be offered after so much delay. Some
days had elapsed, and it had now become too late
in the session for discussion of amendments. He
had looked over the official report, and had not
seen any correct report of anything he had said for
the last three months. What little he did say, he
desired to have correctly presented to the world.
The resolution having received the consideration
of a committee, was submitted in a form which
would insure the publication of the speeches of the
session which remain unreported. He referred
to the manner in which the contract had been ful-
filled. Each member received nineteen copies of
his own speech, and no one ever read the speech
of another, unless he rfiade an attack on it. He
stated the plan now proposed, which embraced
two parts—the running debate every morning, and
secondly, the revised speeches in a book form.
The Senator has the advantage of the running de-
bates, to revise and correct them for the perma-
nent volume; and these running debates would be
circulated instantaneously throughout the country.
The expenditures had been looked into, and the
' difference was astonishing between the present
plan and that proposed. While members are sleep-
ing, their speeches are flying to the thirty-two
points of the compass; aye, to the thirty-two
thousand points, if so many can be made. He re-
ferred to the various items of expense to which
the publishers would be subjected, all of which are
to be given in. The proprietors of the daily press
have behaved generously, and ought to be sus-
tained. We cannot go along a§ we are. Each
House is bound to take care of its own debates,
it is our business to send abroad accurate reports
of the speeches delivered here. He found that this
amendment was connected with some, unseen mo-
tive, and he hoped it would be withdrawn. We
have already paid §14,500 for the suppression of
our debates during this session; and he maintained
that the cost under the new plan would not exceed
one-half now paid for reporting, printing, and bury-
ing our speeches.- He referred to an estimate of
the actual cost of the official reports at this ses-
sion, at $1,000 per month, to show that the Senate
paid too much for them. He stated, that after pay-
ing $14,500 for the reports of the session, the re-
porter said he had lost $6,000, and he presumed
that a claim would be made hereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, expressed him-
self favorable to the resolution as reported. He
thought the amendment was injudicious. As to
the official reports, he was satisfied that they had
not answered the purpose proposed, not from any
fault of the reporter, but owing to the inadequacy
of the compensation. The contract was for the
whole Congress: $12,000 for the long session,and
$6,000 for the short one. The additional $2,500
was for three hundred and fifty copies of the re-
ports, to be given to the members of the House.
He wa§ anxious to do no injustice to the reporter,
who calculated on greater profit frojn the short
session than he had obtained through the long one.
He presumed it was not intended to do any injus-
tice.
Mr. BENTON Averted to the struggle which
he had made at the close of the last session against
this contract,which was suddenly sprung-on the
Senate. He had shown the impossibility of report-
ing speeches fully 'for publication the following
morhmg. He was solitary and alone in this
struggle.
Mr. NILES complained that the Senator should
have said he was solitary and alone in this strug-
gle, and had quite forgotten him (Mr. N.) who
stood by his side.
Mr. BENTON replied inaudibly.
Mr. HALE vindicated the official reporter against
the charge of utter failure. The failure was owing
to the inadequacy of the compensation. He was
in the habit of reading the reports of other speeches
than his own.
Mr. BENTON. For the purpose of attack.
That was the exception.
Mr. HALE. 1 have read those of the Senator
from Missouri for information.
Mr. BENTON. lavish the Senator was better
employed. .
Mr. BADGER was compelled to acknowledge
that the judgment of the Senator fiom Missouri
relative to this plan of reporting had been verified
by the result. But the failure was not attributable
to the reporter, but to the insufficiency of the
means at his disposal. So far as accnratencss,
poiitenessof demeanor,and a courteous disposition
to accommodate Senators are concerned, the re-
porter had been all that could be desired; and he
hoped no imputation would rest on him. He
would now withdraw his amendment.
Mr. FOOTE concurred in what had been so
gracefully and forcibly expressed by the Senator
from North Carolina in favor of the reporter. lie
had been in the habit of association with that gen-
tleman by night and day, and he could not consent
that he should be discharged from the service of
the Senate, impoverished by his labors, which had
been so arduous as to have frequently broken down
his health. One of the reasons of the delay in the
publication of the reports was the chariness felt by
Senators as to their reputation, which induced them
to revise their speeches before they permitted them'
to be sent out to the world.
Mr. BENTON admitted the impossibility of
any accuracy of report, when Senators could not
understand each other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the resolution, by inserting a provision, that a
compensation of $2,500 be granted to the reporter,
as a compensation, on the relinquishment of his
contract; which was agreed to.
Mr. KING remarked on the difficulties which
stood in the way of correct reporting. He believed
that no system could be adopted which would give
universal satisfaction. There would be complaints
before the expiration of a single year. He thought
we had better return to the old system, by which
running reports were circulated through the coun-
try, and if they sometimes did injustice, they were,
on the whole, not materially wrong. He would
move to strike out the part of the resolution which
provides for the publication of written revised
speeches. There should be sworn reporters.
Mr. BENTON reminded the Senator from Ala-
bama, that this new plan would be under the daily
control of the Senate. As to the revision 6f speech-
es, it was a practice of long standing. These
speeches were published in the districts to which
the gentlemen belonged; and, if they were of pub-
lic importance, they found their way into other
papers. As to the writing out of speeches, he
wished he could have the opportunity to write out
all his speeches—to revise, chastise, punish them.
The true as well .as the customary mode of re-
porting was not liteial, but historical—using the *
third person, not the first. He was against swear-
ing. How could reporters be sworn to report
correct speeches, when Senators themselves could
not hear each other?
Mr. KING explained, that a suggestion was
formerly made to change the usual mode of re-
porting, and to employ sworn reporters. He stated
what was the practice in the British Parliament,
where reporters succeeded each other, and sent
their reports to the printing office as the speaking
was going on. No reporter can take down every
word, even when the Senate is in order; when* it is
not in order—and he regretted thatit was now more
disorderly than he had ever known it to be—it was '
impossible to come near it. He hoped the clause
to which he had objected would be stricken out,
and then he would not make-any strenuous objec-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. HANNEGAN testified in-favor of the tal-
ents and politeness of the reporter, while he was
in favor of the resolution as it had been amended.
Mr. ALLEN said, that a correct system of re-
porting was very desirable, and he knew no better
plan than had been suggested by the committee.
He desired to amend, by introdueing a provision
that the Journal of the Senate should be published
at the end of every week, which would give the*
debates, the yeas and nays, and proceedings on ail
great private claims. Two reporters are not suffi-
cient to give reports of all that is said here. If you
take enough of them, you may have every word
reported. In England, no reporter takes more than
twenty minutes, when he goes out and corrects
his report while it is fresh in his mind, and hands
it to the printer, while another reporter takes his
place. No reporter can report more than twenty
minutes. He believed that in this Senate tlfere
was a more correct delivery than m the British
House of Lords.
Mr. BENTON hoped the Senator would add to
his proposition a provision sti iking out all the rest
of the resolution.
The amendment offered by Mr. King was neg-
atived.
Mr. Allen's amendment was negatived.
Mr. WESTCOTT was, he;said, against the
resolution, and would call for the yeas and nays.
The question being taken, the resolution was
adopted: Yeas 37, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell,
Benton, Berrien, Bright,Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dix, Podge,
Downs, Felch, Fitzgerald, Foote, Greene. Hamlin, Houston, -
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana. Mangum, Ma-
son, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Fhelp^, Spruance, Un-
derwood, Upham, and Yulee—37.
! NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Breese, Davis of Mississippi,
I Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Walker, and
. Westcott—9.
| MAIL POST ROUTES.
! On motion of Mr. NILES, the Senate then pro-
I ceeded to the consideration of the House bill to es-
| tablish certain post routes, the amendment pend-
: ing being that ofMr.NiLES,in the following words:
I Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That, from and after
I the first day of October next, the postage on newspapers
1 and otherprmted matter shall be as follows: all newspapers,
■ pamphlets, magazines, and books, whether periodicals or
not, not exceeding one mince m weight, shall be charged
. with one cent postage, and a like sum for every additional
ounce, or fractional part thereof, amounting to a half ounce:
' Pioiided, That newspaper", not exceeding one ounce m
- weight, and not sent over fitly miles from the office ot pub-
N jieation, shall be-charged with one-half centpostage; and on
I' all newspapers not sent from the office of publication the
i postage must be prepaid one cent: And provided further,
I That nothing herein contained shall take away the nghtof
| publishers to receive newspapers in exchange free of postage;
j and the like privilege of cxchangc shall be extended to other
