1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 11,
periodical the same as to newspapers : JJnd provided, That
newspapers not exceeding five hundred square inches, and
sent in bundles weighing four ounces or more, and directed
to one person only, be charged with postage at the rate
of one cent per ounce. And the saute franking privilege
enjo.ved hy members of Congress shall be extended to the
Heads of Departments! and the Attorney General.
Mr, DICKINSON moved to add the following
proviso, to come in after the word prepaid:
Provided, That all newspapers which are published
weekly in.ty be sent any distance within fifty mileo, or
throughout the county where printed, free of postage.
Mr. DICKINSON asked the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which provides that newspapers
shall be transported free within thirty miles.
Mr. BORLAND restated his objections to the
amendment, because it would not benefit the
sparsely peopled districts of the West.
Mr. DICKINSON replied that were we to legis-
late from this time till doomsday, it would be im-
possible to put the West on the same footing of
convenience with the large cities and densely peo-
pled regions.
Mr. CAMERON advocated the amendment as
beneficial to the publishers of the small country
papers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, was against the
amendment, if it diminished the compensation to
postmasters. -
Mr, DICKINSON said its effect in reference to
the compensation would be very trifling.
Messrs.' JOHNSON, DOWNS, F00TE,
NILES, and DICKINSON, made some brief re-
marks, when Mr. DICKINSON modified his
amendment so as to read " fifty miles.5'
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Borland, Bright, Cam-
eron, Clarke, Corwin, Dickinson, Dodge, Downs, Felch,
Foote, Giemie, Hale, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Lom-mna, Kin*, Mason, Miller, Phelps, Spruanee,
Turney, IJphatn, and Walker—-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bad«er, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi,
Hamlin, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Marigum, Metcalfe,
Nites, Pearce, Sebastian, Underwood, Westeoit, and Yuiee
—14.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to strike out and in-
sert, that newspapers published weekly shall be
transmitted free of postage through the State in
which they are published.
The motion being declared out of order—
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of the Senator from New
York had been agreed to, but the motion was with-
drawn.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment as amended, and the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Bright, Cam-
eron, Clarke, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Dod^e, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Fnzgtraid, Greene, Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, Miller, NiJes, Phelps, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Up-
harp, and Walker—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Brad-
bury, Butler, Calhoun, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Hamlin, Johnson of Louisiana, John-
son of Georgia, King, Lewis, Marigum, Mason, Metcalfe,
Pearce, Sebastian, Turney, Underwood, VVestcott, and Yu-
iee—24.
Mr. DICKINSON then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was lost; and after
some remarks—
Mr. HALE moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; and the yeas and nays having
been demanded, the vote stood for laying the mo-,
tion on the table as follows:
Y'EAS—Messrs- Badger, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge, Hale, Hmne-
gan, Housir.n, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia,
King, Sebastian, Spiuance, Underwood, Walker, and West-
cott—W.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Baldwin, Brecse,
Bright, Calhoun, Cameron, Dickinson, Dl\, Down?, John-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, Niles, Pearce, Turney, andYulee
—16.
Mr. WESTCOTT then renewed the clause just
rejected with the following proviso:
Proiided, That all newspapers published weekly shall not
be charged postage witiiin the State in which the «me are
published.
Mr. HAMLIN opposed the motion as imposing
an unequal tax on the press.
Mr. WESTCOTT vindicated his motion, on the
ground that papers which were taken witlun the
Slate are taken for the business information.
Mr. CAMERON was opposed to the amend-
ment, because it took in the weekly papers pub-
lished m the cities, which are made up fiom the
daily.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays, winch were ordered; and after a few words
from Mr. WESTCOTT and Mr. NILES, the
question was taken and decided as follows:
YE —Messrs. Allen, Badger, Benton, Berrien, Borland,
Breese, Corwin, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Feich, Fitzeerald,
Hale, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Sebastian, Spruanee, Turney,
Underwood, Upham, Webster, and Westcott—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Cameron, Davis of Massachusets, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason,
Miller, NiJes, Pearce, Phelp«, and Sturgeon—20.
An amendment was offered by Mr. YULEE,
the efFect of which was to take away the discre-
tionary power from the Postmaster General; and
after some considerable debate* in which Messrs.
YULEE, BRIGHT, NILES, and others, partici-
pated, the question was taken and decided in the
negative.
Mr, NILES then moved to amend the bill by
inserting the following:
Jind be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and hereby is, authorized to Advance to the Ocean .Steam
Navigation Company a sum not exceeding $25,OJO per
month, to enable the company to complete the steamship
Franklin, iiowvbuilding b> said company, and to take secu-
rity on said ship for the money so advanced, in such way as
he may deem correct and safe for the United States, and
said money to be reimbursed from the payments to which
said company may be entitled for cat tying the mail to South-
ampton and Bremen, according to their contract: Provided, j
That the whole sum advanced shall not exceed $150,0U0,
Jind provided, further, Tnat said cornpauy shall complete
said steamei within nine months, and shall also make a<i
arrangement with the owners of the steam-ship United States
to form a line with the Franklin to Havre, m France, and
the company to run only two shi^s to Bienien.  
This led to some considerable debate, in which
Messrs. DICKINSON, DIX, BRADBURY, AL-
LEN, NILES, and others, participated; when the
question was taken by yeas and nays, and decidcd
in the negative, as follows:
Y£AS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bradbury, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dayton, Dix, Downs, Foote, Hale, Hamlin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Niles,
Pearce, and Sturgeon—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke, Corwin,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge, Felch, Fitzgerald,
llarmegan, Houston, Hunter, King, Lewis, Mason, Met-
calfe, Phelps, Sebastian, Spruanee, Turney, Underwood,
Walker, and Westcott—30.
Mr. BORLAND moved an amendment, autho-
rizing the Postmaster General to make a contract
for a mail steamer down the Mississippi; which
was negatived.
Mr. PEARCE moved to amend the bill,.by in-
serting a provision to pay J. B. Sullivan a claim
for work done for the Post Office Department;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE moved an amendment for the
payment of J. L. Graham, late postmaster of New
York, for expenses incurred by him; which was
agreed to.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend the bill by in-
serting a clause rendering it imperative on the
Postmaster General to let the different post routes
in this bill, and those heretofore ordered by differ-
ent acts, at the next letting after the passage of this
act. Heretofore he has exercised a discretion on
this subject, denying the right of Congress to take
it from him, as to the propriety of establishing the
routes specified in the legislative acts.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Senate then took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. HALE moved to take up the bill to regu
late appeals from the trial of issues m the District J:
nf CJohiinhiat the. nassa^e of which was. he said. ; &nd
j up, as in Committee of the* Whole, the bill to carry
into effect certain stipulations of the treaty between
i the United States of America and the Republic of
j Mexico of the 2d day of February, 1848.
! ^ Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the first sec-
; tion, which was in these wordst
I Be it enacted, tyc., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
f and be is hereby, authorized, upon the presentation of .the
certificates issued to citizens of the United States for the
sums, awarded against the Republic of Mexico, under the
act of September 1,1841,entitled "An act in addition to an
| actentitled * An act to carry into effect aeonvention between
, the United Stales and the'Mexican Republic,and under
, the act to which the samp was an addition, to ascertain the
: amount due on said certificates respectively, and to pay tJfe
amount so ascertained to be due to the parties legally enti-
i tied to receive the same, upon the surrender of said certifi-
cates to the Treasury Department.
Mr. B. said this was perfectly unnecessary,
. provision having been made by another bill.
After some conversation between Mr. BEN-
i TON, Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland, and others,
\ the motion to strike out was agreed to.
i The second section was next read as follows:
• Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all claims of citi-
zens of the United States against the Republic of Mexico,
, which were considered by the board of commissioners ap-
pointed under the convention of IIth April, 1839. and re-
, ferred to the umpire, aud which were not decided by him, but
returned to the said board by the said umpire on the 25th
February, 1842, shall be considered as adjudicated, and the
, sums awarded m favor of said claimants respectively, and
j reported to said umpire, together with interest on the same,
, as provided by said convention of 11th April, 1839, to be
, paid upon the final awards of said board, shall be paid to
said claimants, or their legal representatives, respectively.
! Mr. BENTON moved to amend this section, by
1 adding thereto a proviso, as follows;
Provided, That this section shall be construed to provide
for the payment only of such awards or parts of awards,
without interest, as were concurred in bv both American
Commissioners on the part of the United Stares: Jind pro-
; ridedfurther, That the payments provided for by this section
, shall be made out ot any money in the treasury not other-
; wise appropriated, bearing interest at six per cent, por an-
j num, as the President mqy direct.
| Mr. B. said he desired to make the provision so
j plain that it could not be misunderstood. He en-
tered into an explanation of the mode of proceed-
ing by the commission, and the reason why the
i sum of §928,000, which was adjudicated by the
: commissioners, was not paid. He said this pro-
f vision would cause the claimants to be paid whose
j claims had been adjudicated by the commissioners,
j and he argued that they should not again be re-
| quired to go before another board to establish
I their claims*
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, concurred with
I the honorable Senator from Missouri, that it would
I be exceedingly unjust to compel these claimants
■ to go before another board and reproduce their
, proofs, particularly since very many of the proofs
I on which ihe pending claims were adjudicated had
! been taken away by the Mexican commissioners,
j He also wished to inquire whether this amount
; was to be paid out of the three and a quarter mil-
; lions, or out of the treasury of the United States?
i He understood that it was proposed to be paid out
! of the treasury, and not to be a reduction of the
: three and a quarter millions.
! Mr. BENTON replied that it was so. The
! proviso, as he had stated, was to prevent rmaun-
: derstanding. These amounts, by the provision,
would be paid out "of the treasury, leaving the
■ three and a quarter millions for the payment of
| claimants to be hereafter decided upon. And if
the amount of the claims should exceed the three
of Columbia; the passage of which was, he said, an(^ & quarter millions, the distribution must be a
absolutely necessary to enable the people of this
District to obtain justice.
Mr. BADGER thought it better, he said, to
leave the matter as it was.
Mr. BUTLER advocated the motion to take up
the bill. When issues were sent down from the
chancery and orphans' courts, the decision of the
circuit court was final. Theie was no appeal. He
was not anxious about the matter.
Mr. MASON asked if the motion was not to
take up the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tem. said that was the
motion; and that there was a bill now before the
Senate, to wit: the bill to establish certain post
routes.
The bill to establish certain post routes was then
taken up; and it was, on motion, without any
action, laid on the table for the present.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
, pro rata one. There would be no difficulty m this
I case. This was not a question between the United
States and a foreign country requiring an umpire,
but between the United States and her own citi-
i zens, and the proviso was constructed with great
care for the purpose of giving a protection against
any injustice to the claimant.
| Mr. BRADBURY reminded the Senate of the
fact that the umpire, when he adjudicated other
claims, made a reduction of 30 and 32 per cent.;
and if these claims were to be paid with such a
, reduction, an inequality would exist, and these
1 claimants would be placed in a better position by
30 or 32 per cent, than those on whose claims the
: umpire had acted. He also commented on the
fact that interest was proposed to be paid on these
claims, and added that lie had hoped the three and
: a quarter millions would have covered the whole
of the claims.
Mr. BENTON entered into further explana-
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate took ti tions. The question in relation to interest was
