1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
one of amount merely. Owing to the delay which
liad taken place, claimants had been compelled to
go into the money market, and raise meansf for
their wants at exorbitant rates. He disclaimed
any design on the part of the committee to do in-
justice to any of the claimants. There were cases
in which neither the board-nor the umpire deducted
a single cenl. Others were reduced a little; some
were reduced one half, and others one-third; the
average may have been a third. But there was no
regular rule to go by. Some had one hundred per
cent, taken off. He knew that in the claims now
under discussion there would have been no deduc-
tion atall. The bill, he thought, was about perfect
as it stands. It had passed the revision of a com-
mittee, arid had received much consideration. As
to the interest, it would be cruel to take it away
from persons who could show their accounts, and
prove that they had paid three times eight percent,
for money.
Mr. KING contended that the interest ought not
to be allowed. He entered into a detail of the cir-
cumstances of the case, to show the ground on
which he rested this opinion. If he had known
nothing of these claims, the argument of the Sen-
ator from Missouri would have been sufficient to
satisfy him that it would be most unjust to allow
this interest. The American commissioners had
clearly endeavored to make the amount due to
American citizens as large as possible, and this
was the cause of the deduction by the umpire.
There had been no final decision, or it could not
have become necessary to introduce this bill. As
far as the awards were made by our commission-
ers, it would not look very well in us to refuse to
pay them; but he saw no good reason for the pay-
ment of interest. The effect would be to deprive
others of interest perhaps as justly due to them.
He would not look behind the proceedings of our
commission, although he might do so; but he
should certainly oppose the payment of interest.
Mr. BENTON said this was a struggle for inter-
est. He had heard of different beds—the bed ofjus-
tice was one; and there was another bed made by a
person whose name would prfesent itself to every
Senator, which was exactly four feet ten inches
long; and to this everything stretched on it was to
be curtailed. But this he deemed to -be a worse
scheme of reduction than that he had alluded to.
Every claim, without regard to circumstances, was
to be reduced to this four feet ten and a half inches,
because the arbiter had deducted thirty-three per
cent.
Mr. BRADBURY was of opinion that we could
not do better than adopt the rule of deduction
established by the commissioners. What other
rule had we for our guide.' If we adopt the de-
cision of the board in other respects, why|should
' we not do so in the case of the amdunt to be de-
ducted? The arbiter was independent, and he had
examined the cases, and had laid down the rule
which had been referred to. If we take any other
rule, we shall disregard the rule laid down by the
arbiter. He thought we could not have a more
correct or more reasonable rule than that of the
board, corrected by the arbiter. He was not pre-
pared to state correctly to what class these claims
belong. If the claims are reduced in the same
ratio as the deduction of the arbiter, and give eight
per cent, interest, the amount of the claims would
be between nine hundred thousand and a million
dollars. If the claims were equal in justice to those
passed on by the arbiter, there was no reason why
the interest should be allowed. He did not desire
to do any injustice to the claimants, and rather
than send them back to another commission, he
would-be willing to give a laiger amount.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the proviso by adding:
And sdid cUiins in all other respects shall be placed
upon the same footing with thti claims mcludf-'d in the 131 h
article of the treaty between the United States and Mexico,
of the 2d of February, 1848.
Mr. CALHOUN called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] to the amendment of
Mr. Benton.
Mr. JOHNSON said he must vote against the
amendment. It was based on the idea that these
claims were to be placed on the same footing with
those submitted by the board. The Senator from
Alabama thought the claimants might consider
themselves fortunate if they get their claims with-
out interest.
Mr. KING said he wished to be understood.
He had said that the umpire had scaled down th&
claims, and it was to be inferred that they were
too high.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Alabama
had used the word " scale" four times. Did he
intend to say that to scale was to reduce?
Mr. KING. Yes.
Mr. BENTON replied it was not so. A scale
was a long-tried instrument, which leveled off hor-
izontally. The continental bills were scaled.
Mr. JOHNSON resumed his remarks in favor
of the claims and interest. He argued that if the
officers of the Government had decided the amount
to be due, there could be no propriety in our de-
ciding that they are not due.
Mr. BADGER stated that the United States had,
by treaty, discharged Mexico from all responsibil-
ity, and we had assumed these claims to the amount
of three and a quarter millions. He was opposed
to the treaty, because he felt that we ought not to
discharge another government from responsibility
until we were prepared to pay these claims. He
therefore desired to strike out the limitation of three
and a quarter millions, because the total amount
was unascertained. Between the claims which had
been adjudicated, and such as had not been adju-
dicated, he could not see tjie smallest distinction.
Should it turn out that the claims exceed in amount
the three and a quarter millions, was that to be
regarded as a reason why we should not pay them?
If the claims were to reach five millions, we were
as much bound to pay them as if they fell within
the three and a quarter millions. He did not ex-
actly understand the amendment of his friend from
Maryland; but if it placed all on the same footing,
he should not oppose it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was not willing to pay all
these claims. He read the thirteenth article of the
treaty, which specified claims already liquidated
and decided against the United States. Now, these
were all the claims which were then due. The
claims under the award of the arbiter, which were
not decided, were not embraced in this article of
the treaty. The correctness of this view being
admitted, as it was, by his friend from Maryland,
he went on to show that there was no reason why
these claims should be now allowed. If it was
intended to give away this $900,000 out of the treas-
ury, it was then a manifest, open gift. It did not,
then, come within the claims chargeable on the
three and a quarter millions. It was a sum in
addition to the three and a quarter millions, and
transcended by nearly a million the sum we are
bound to pay by compact; and it is thus so much
thrown away. It is proposed to pay $900,000 now,
and postpone the othei* claims for two years. It is
said there are outstanding claims to the amount of
six or six and a half millions: so that the three and
a quarter millions will only pay fifty cents in the
dollar; and no argument can do away the injus-
tice of paying a portion in full now, and a small
portion of the residue at a future period.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said he took a
different view. He thought wc were bound to
pay all debts justly due. He was ready to vote
for the payment in full of all these claims, when-
ever proof should be produced.
Mr. PHELPS said, we could not pay the whole
of these debts in full. If we pay now a portion in
full, we cannot pay in full those which will remain
to be paid. If we assume that the $900,000 are to
be deducted from the three and a quarter millions^
ftfid the rest must be a dividend, how can we pay
the $900,000 until you ascertain what the pro rata
dividend is? • We cannot either pay these men out
of the treasury, or leave them to take their pro rata.
He saw no mode but to adopt the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland, or to strike out from
the hill the provision for payment of these claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD again referred to the treaty
to show that we are only bound to pay the claims
to an amount exceeding three and a quarter mil-
lions.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Louisiana, was of opinion
tharwe were bound to, pay the whole of the claims,
without regard to the limitation of the treaty, even
if they amounted to twenty millions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, if that was the true
view, he could wish to have an examination of the
claims, and of the extent to which they go.
Mr. WESTCOTT reminded the Senate that he
had moved to strike out this limitation when the
treaty was under consideration. He desired to
see our country taking the same stand that Eng-
land had taken in the protection of her commerce
and citizens. He should vote for the payment of
all liquidated claims, and would never sanction the
idea that we used the claims of our citizens for
speculative purposes in our negotiations with a
foreign power.
Mr. CALHOUN said, the terms of the treaty
were plain. It bound us to pay the claims of our
citizens to the amount of three and a quarter mil-
lions. The unliquidated claims were to be settled
to that amount. Out of what fund is this $900,000
to be taken ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Out of the treas-
ury.
Mr. CALHOUN. Not out of the three and a
quarter millions? Then it does not come within
the terms of the treaty. We are not bound to pay
it until it has come before another board.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
Clarke, Downs, Greene, Houston, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Pearce. Phelps, Upham, and We*t-
cort—14. '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Borland,
Bright. Calhoun, Cameron, Corwin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Fpleh. Rale, Han-
nejran, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewj~. Miller, Niles,
Sfba^ticin, Spiuanco, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and
Yulee—28. '
Mr. BADGER moved to strike out the allow-
ance of interest, but withdrew it on the suggestion
that it was out of order. He then moved to insert
the words " without interest"—aye3 25. So the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CALHOUN said the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri was objectionable, because
it made a distinction between one portion of unli-
quidated claims against another portion of similar
claims. He should vote against the amendment
to the section, and then against the section itself.
J Mr, UNDERWOOD thought the best mode
i would be to vote for the amendment; and having
thus put the section in the best form,.to vote against
that part of the amendment of the Senator"from
Missouri he opposed; and that was the part which
required these claims to be submitted to two com-
missioners.
Mr. CALHOUN, that he might not embarrass,
withdrew his call fur the yeas and nays; and the
amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. BADGER moved to amend by striking out
the words 1* together with interest on the same;"
which was decided in the affirmative—ayes 24.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said, as the sec-
tion now stood, he should vote for striking out the
section. He had been informed, from a source in
which he placed greatpeliance, thatthese claims had
been submitted to the board, and that the papers
were taken away by the Mexican commissioners;
and if they were compelled to reproduce their proofs,
they might be unable to do it. The two United
States commissioners had pronounced in favor of
these claims. He therefore proposed to offer an
amendment, that these claims are adjudicated, by
striking out in the second section all after the words
"adjudicated," and inserting, "and shall be paid
as found to be due upon the same footing with
the claims included in the thirteenth article of the
treaty between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, of the 2d February, 1848."
Mr. NILES was opposed to any new mode of
settling and adjusting these claims, which might
be productive of great injustice to either claimants.
By deciding that these claims are adjudicated, we
decide that all other claims are unliquidated.
Mr. ALLEN was of opinion, that if we go into
the public treasury to pay these claims, there will
no longer be any limit to them, and the treaty be-
comes a mere dead letter. By assuming the pay-
ment of these claims, to a limited extent, we interest
every claimant to become vigilant in preventing
fraud from another; because every one will argue,
that the more there is given to another, the less
will be his share.
Mr. DAYTON could not see the possibility of
settling this matter so as to do justice to all. He
did not think that we could now settle the matter.
It had been decided that this $900,000 should not
be paid out of the treasury, and we must now wait
to see what will be the pro rata. He could not
Assent to .the views of the Senator from Maryland.
It was probable that the papers—these vouchers
which he said were taken away by the Mexican
