1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to complete the road; but Jie would not have it
selected, or deed given, faster than the road was com-
pleted. If the bill gave land ten miles in advance
of the work completed, the bill would be open to
' all the objections usually and justly urged against
jobs and land speculations. His own amendment
would prevent alt such abuse; and he appealed to
gentlemen on all sides to come up to this principle.
Look at the noble example of the State ofGeorgia,
and compare the results of her system with those
of the system that had unhappily been pursued by
Maryland, in relation to the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal and the Baltimore railroad. See how those
great works languished, and one of them was j
nearly brought to a stand. Georgia stipulated that !
the parties applying for the aid of the State should ;
first go on and complete a certain portion of the ,
work themselves; then the State helped them. He j
was for carrying out this system in relation to Illi-
nois. Let us have the road madeasfarand as fast
as we granted the land.
And now as to the reason why he took this
ground. It was well known to everybody that the
States on the west and southwestern border of the
Union had large bodies of land which could not now
be sold. They had been in market for thirty and j
forty years, and in their present state never would 1
sell. To be sure, the free-soil people had proposed j
a remedy for the case, and that was, to give the J
lands away for the price of the mere expenses of j
survey. Mr. McL. approved of this plan, rather I
than to leave the public lands in these Stat^S un- j
sold and unsaleable, though he could not consent !
to accomplish even this result by a union with the j
" Free Soil" party. He could not belong to the j
" FreS Soil" party; but he would avow himself as .
one of the free land party. But if the land was :
not to be thus given away, it could only be sold |
by making roads to it: and he was in favor of the i
plan of getting these roads made,--by granting alter-
nate sections of land to those who would make
them, taking special care, however, to guard
against abuses of the grant.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had no objection
to'accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. .McLane,] but it was too late to
modify. Mr. McC. went on to make some fur-
ther remarks upon the bill, most of which were I
lost in the mixed mass of sounds which filled the j
Hall. He was understood to say that much of >
the land owned by the new States was unsaleable, j
and would continue so, unless the Government i
took steps to bring it into market, by making it j
acceptable to settlers. This could only be done by !;
the creation of roads. The bill provided the means li
of malting one of these, which would materially !j
enhance the price of the whole mass of public ij
lands lying in its vicinity. But even if it would !,
not do this, the Government could be no loser by
the grant, since the price of the alternate sections
reserved to the United States was to be doubled,
so that Government would get all it would have
received if no land had been granted, besides the
prospect of selling far more of its domain than it
would have done for years—perhaps forever. The
operation of roads like this had been tested in
Illinois—as there was one already that was in suc-
cessful operation.
Mr. McC. then demanded the previous ques-
tion, but consented to withdraw it at the earnest
request of
Mr. DICKEY, who inquired whether a portion
of this contemplated road had not been chartered
to a company in 1836-'37? whether that com-
pany had not purchased up all the lands along the
contemplated route of the road, so that when the
alternate sections came to be located, they were
found to be already occupied, and other lands were
asked in their place? and whether that company
had not failed and abandoned the work, and the
lands been sold on speculation?
Mr. McCLERNAND made some explanation
in reply; but the whole conversation took place
amidst a general tumult, in which little could be
distinctly understood.
Mr. McLANE now moved the previous ques-
tion on the motion made by him to reconsider.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, moved to lay the
resolution to reconsider on the table.
Mr. McLANE demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and resulted as follows: Yeas
78, nays 64.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Aug. 12.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
The Senate bill to carry into effect certain stip- !
ulations of the treaty between the United States of jj
America and the Republic of Mexico.of the 2d of li
February, 1848, was taken up and read twice.
Mr. NICOLL said the bill provided simply
for carrying out the treaty with Mexico, by the
appointment of a commission to adjudicate the
claims provided for by that treaty. He asked that
it be put on its third reading.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved to refer I
the bill to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped that the bill |
would not be referred to the Committee on Foreign I
Affairs. He had particular reasons for it: one !
was, that he had been called upon to attend a meet- I
ing"of thatcommitteethis afternoon at half-past four i
o'clock.- He had attended at the committee-room,
and his honorable friend, the chairman of the com- <
mittee, was not there. When the House met after j
recess he had asked the reason for his absence, i
and for his having failed to call the committee to
act on this subject, and the honorable gentleman
had told him there was no occasion to refer it to
the committee; for it should not pass, at any rate.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said this bdl
should certainly go to some committee of the
House. He desired to inquire if it did not contain
an appropriation ? 11
The SPEAKER stated that the Chair was about Ij
to remark, that as the bill contained an appropria-
tion, it must go to the Committee of the Whole on jj
the state of the Union under the rule. ji
Mr. NICOLL moved to suspend said rule, so |
as to put the bill immediately on its passage. ij
Mr. SMITH thought, before it went to the f|
Committee of the Whole, it should go to some !
standing committee of this House. It was a very I
important bill. He knew nothing of its provisions; j
it had been totally impossible for him to hear one !
word in' ten of the bill as it had been read by the j
Clerk. It was utterly impossible, therefore, for)
him to say what the peculiar provisions of the bill !
were, but if they were what he had understood, '
they certainly ought to undergo some important '
revisions. The bill appropriated more than three j
millions of dollars out of the treasury. i;
The SPEAKER here interposed, and stated that ii
the rule which required appropriation bills to be j>
referred also required that they should first be dis-
cussed m committee. Debate was not therefore ii
in order. ii
Mr. DICKEY moved to lay the bill on the ;<
table. Rejected. j.
Mr. Nicoll's motion to suspend the rule, so as i
to put the bill on its passage, was lost. .!
A motion was made to refer the bill to the Com- ''
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, ''
and rejected.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. i,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that the House f
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the 1.
state of the Union, and proceed to the considera-
tion of private bills on the calendar. i
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, at five minutes to seven
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
Air. THOMPSON, of Indiana, wished to make j
a report from the Committee of Elections, which
he had been trying for some weeks to get before I
the House.
Mr. VINTON said the report of the Committee
of Conference on the army bill was not yet acted
on.
Mr. COBB said that could be acted on on Mon-
day. He hoped the House would adjourn,. They
would do no good here.
The motion to adjourn was disagreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said it had •
been about two months since any private bills
fiom the Senate had been acted on m Commiitee
of the Whole. He desired that bills to which no
objection was made should be acted on now.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected. [Great con-
fusion.]
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
said the Chair would entertain no motion until
order was restored.
After a pause of some seconds, order having been •
restored in some degree—
Mr> ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a
resolution that the House now proceed to the eon- <•
sideration of private bills from the Senate on the
calendar of the Committee of the Whole, those to
which no objection was made first to be consid-
ered. Agreed to: Ayes 104, noes 2J.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on Senate bills on the private
calendar, (Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, in the
chair,) and, after devoting some time to the con-
sideration thereof, rose and reported the following
bills to the House, without amendment, viz:
An act for the relief of Milledge Gal phi n, execu-
tor of the last will and Testament of George Gat-
phin, deceased.
An act authorizing the payment of a sum of
money to Robert Purkis.
An act supplementary to an act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims therein
mentioned, passed eighteenth of April, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fourteen.
An act for the relief of Purser Benjamin J. Ca-
hoone.
An act for the relief of Anna J. Hassler.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole.
An act for the relief of David Currier.
An act for the payment-of Charles Richmond.
An act for the relief of Benjamin Adams &
Company, and others.
An act for the relief of Messrs. Cook, Anthony,
Mahon, and others.
An act for the relief of Jesse Turner.
An act granting a pension to Abigail Garland,
widow of Jacob Garland, deceased.
An act for the relief of Mary Taylor.
An act for the relief of Welcome Parmenter.
An act granting a pension .to John Clarke.
An act for the relief of David Wilkinson.
An act for the relief of D. A. Watterston.
An act for the relief of Charles M. Gibson.
An act for the relief of George V. Mitchell.
. An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas J. V. Owens, deceased.
A resolution for the relief of H. B. Gaither.
All which bills were then severally read the
third time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
The Committee of the Whole also reported the
following bills with amendments, viz:
An act for the relief of John Lorimer Graham,
late postmaster in the city of New York.
An act for the relief of Samuel Grice.
An act for the relief of William B. Stokes.
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the brig of
war Somers.
The House proceeded to consider the said bills,
when the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, and the bills were sev-
erally read a third time and passed, and returned
to the Senate.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that the Committee
of the Whole be discharged-from the further con-
sideration of the Senate bill to compensate R. M.
Johnson for the erection of certain buildings for
the use of the Choctaw Academy. Agreed to.
The bill was then taken up, read a third time,
and passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. VAN DYKE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a resolution authorizing the Cierk
to pay James Monroe, out of the contingent fund
of the House, for services as a member while con-
testing the seat of S. Jackson-.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the resolution
so as to direct the Clerk to pay John" M. Botts
for the time occupied in contesting the seat of John
W. Jones as a member from the State of Virginia
in the 23ih Congress.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to lay the resolution
on the table. Rejected.
The previous question was then moved and sec-
onded: and, under the operation thereof, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
VERMONT MILITIA CLAIMS, ETC.
On motion of Mr. BURT, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union v/as discharged
from the further consideration of the Senate bill
for the payment of the fourth regiment in the sec-
ond brigade of ihe third division of the Vermont
militia for services at the battle of Plattsburic; and,
after a brief appeal in favor of the bill by Mr. B.,
it way read a third time and unanimously passed,
and returned to the Senate.
