1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of
Conference on the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic service, made a report;
which was read.
Mr. YULEE asked that the consideration of the
report be postponed until the seats of the absent
Senators should be filled.
Mr. ATHERTON said he could not consent to
a moment's delay. The Committee on Confer-
ence did npt terminate its labors until 10 o'clock
last night. It must be. recollected that this bill had
to be engtosscd, and that there Wds not a cent to
pay the members.
The report was then concurred in.
THE OREGON BILL.
The bill to establish a Territorial "Government
in Oregon, as amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives, was then taken up.
The amendments having been read—
Mr. DOUGLAS moved the appointment of a
committee of conference.
Mr. KING said the proper motion was to in-
sist, and then to ask for a committee of,confer-
ence.
Mr. BENTON rose to make a motion which
would supersede the other motion. He moved
that the Senate recede from its amendment.
Mr. YULEE referred to the Manual, lo show
the first motion was to insist.
Mr. DAYTON suggested that the motion to
recede was first in order, because, if it succeeded,
it would prevent any committee of conference.
Mr. MASON asked if the motion to recede
would appear on the Journal?
The CHAIR having replied in the affirmative—
Mr. MASON moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table, and asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of Mis-
sissippi. D n\ ns. Foote, Hunter. Johnson of Man land, John-
son ot Louisiana, Jolm>Oii of Georgia, Kins;, Matieuin, Ma-
son, Poarco. Rusk, Tanioy, Wpmcou. and Ynlee—ltf.
NAYS—Me->rs. Allen, Atrln-un,' Athciton, Baldwin,
Bell, Benton, Bradbury, Bree-o, Bright, Camcion, Ciarke,
Davi* of Massachusetts Dayton. Dickinson, Dtx, Dodge,
Douslasi, Feleh, Fitzgerald. Greene, Hale, Hamilton, Hous-
ton, Metcalfe, Miliar, Nile.-, Spruance, Sturgeon, Under-
wood, Upliam, Walker, und Webster—'32.
Mr. BENTON renewed his motion to recede.
This question had been a long time before the Sen-
ate. He had patiently waited with an anxious
desire to adopt some measure of conciliation. From
the first he had been opposed to clogging Oregon
•with California. He wished to see Oregon go
through by herself. When the subject was referred
to a select committee of eight, a hill had been
brought in, constructed for the purpose of concili-
ating different feelings. He had not approved of
that bill; but he had always determined to vote for
it. He had not impeded its progress by interpos-
ing a single word. He gave his vote for it, while
he disapproved of it at the same time. Then there 1
came up the adjustment on the parallel line of 36°
30'. He was extremely reluctant to go for that
measure. Oregon was four hundred miles distant
from the nearest, and nearly a thousand miles from
the remotest point of California; and there was no
rule which applied equally to both. Still he had
voted for tli^t bill, in order to put an end to the
question; and on similar grounds he had given his
vote for the Oregon bill. That bill had been sent
to the House, and had been returned from the
House with the Missouri compromise stricken out.
He thought he had now done enough to secure
conciliation and compromise. He had done enough
when he consented to attach California to Oregon.
Oregon was now in a deplorable condition, A few
yeais ago wc were leady to light all the world to
get possession of her; and now vu are just as will-
ing to throw* her away as we weio then to risk
everything for her possession. She is lett without
a "oveminent, without laws, while a; this moment
she is engaged in a war with the Indians. There
were twrKe thousand or fifteen thousand persons
settled there who had chums on our protection.
She was thiee thousand miles from the metropolitan
seat of government. And yet, although she had
sn up a provisional government for heiseSt, and
tins provisional government had taken on itself
the enactment of laws, it is left to the will of every
individual to determine for himself whether he will
obey those laws m* not. She has now reached a
point beyond which she can exist no longer. She
can work along no further, no longer. The war
hereafter will not be between whites and Indians;
it will be a conflict between whites and whites. It
will become necessary that every dispute shall be
settled by a resort to arms. And can this Senate
satisfy itself that it will have performed its duty,
while it sits with folded arms, and declines to do
anything? It is a duty, a solemn obligation, en-
forced by the awful solemnity of our oaths, which
we cannot avoid without a violation of that duty.
If we refrain from extending the protection of this
Government to the people of Oregon, we violate
these obligations. He held it to be our bounden
duty to provide a government for Oregon; and he
would not, so far as he was able, peimit the bill
to establish that government, by putting a weight
of extraneous matter on it, to sink it down. Flor-
ida had been permitted to come into the Union,
notwithstanding the slavery question.
Mr. YULEE said there was a warm and long
opposition to it.
Mr. BENTON. Florida was permitted to come
in at once.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Florida wss an applicant
year after year—from lfc39 to 1845—before she
was admitted.
Mr. BENTON. Florida went through as a
State. Not a single vote was given against the
formation of her State government.
Mr. YULEE. There was long discussion and
a strong vote against it.
Mr. BENTON. She passed through as a State.
The members from the non-slaveholding States
could have stopped her if they had chosen, but
they let her pass. Texas had also been admitted.
And why was Oregon to be arrested in her appli-
cation r If Congress should adjourn without es-
tablishing a government there, it might become a
question with the President whether his duty
would not require of him to convene Congress
before the usual period. Mr. B. concluded with
re-urging Congress to act on the bill now.
: The CHAIR announced its decision, that the
-j motion to recede takes precedence of the motion
• \o insist and to ask for a committee of conference.
; Mr. BERRIEN would not call in question the
jj decision of the Chair. He made an appeal to the
■ Senate not to let this last opportunity for concilia-
[ tion pass away. He hoped the motion to recede
I would not prevail. The question involved the in-
j terests of the people of Oregon; and more than
,j that, the harmony of the people of the United
i States. If this measure should not prevail, it will
<! be taken as evidence that the Government will here-
1 after rule the South with a rod of iron. He hoped
,j a committee of conference would be granted, in
!! order that gentlemen might compare opinions, in
'| the hope of coming to some satisfactory conclu-
i sion. He trusted that this course would be pur-
j sued, in order that southern representatives might
;j carry home the gratifying information that Gon-
li gress were disposed to consult the feelings of their
■ ! constituents. It was suggested by the Senator
from Missouri, that the appointment of a commit-
tee of conference would be to transfer the power
; of Congress to a committee. He contended that
if the establishment of a government in Oregon
| was impeded, it was by fastening on it this proviso
,! in relation to a Territory where it is not needed.
; Does any man believe that slavery will ever exist
i> m Oregon'1 And if not, how did the attaching of
California to the bill clog and bear it down? He
.! designated moie in detail the position in which
, southern Senators were placed. He complimented
\ the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster]
i on the statesmanlike ground on which he had
placed his opposition. In his course theie was
no demagogism, no free-soil fallacy. But he re-
'■ garded the view of that Senator as to the three-
iiuhs provision as incorrect; and he went at some
| length into an explanation of his own opinions as
/ to the intent of that piovision, and concluded with
ji a renewed appeal to the Senate not to recede.
|! Mr, MASON moved to postpone the further
i| consideration of this bill until hull'-pas: five, for
J. the purpose of taking up the private calendar; and
!; on this question he asked the yeas and nays, which
were orueied.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Badser, Br-nien, Borland, Butler, Cal-
houn, Davis of Mississippi, Downs, fuute. Haiuieyan,
Hunter, JolmsoH ol' Maij'Uuuh Johiuou wi Lum?uum. Joki.-
?on ot Georcia, King, Lpwhs, Manijum, Mason, Pcarce,
• • Rusk. 3eba>uan, Tu^ney, Westcott, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Mo>rs. Alien, Atchison, Atherton, Baldwin,
! Bell, Benton, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Claiko,
Corwin, Davis of Ma&saehu-f-tts, Da\ton, Dickinson, Dtx,
' Dodge, Douglas. Felch, Fitzgerald, Greene. Hale, Hamlin,
: Houston, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Spruaoce, Stur-
; geon, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Webster—34.
; Mr. CALHOUN expressed his apprehension
j that there was a fixed majority in this Senate and
: in the House opposed to any further trial at con-
i ciliation. Still he hoped the Senate would pre-
: serve a correct-position, and vote for the appoint-
. ment of a committee of conference. He mi^ht
say, without any self-flattery, that he had all along
foreseen this result. Let those who opposed the
1 views of the South lay their cause before the coun-
' try, and defend it as they could. The great strife
between the North and the South is ended. The
1 North is determined to exclude the property of the
slaveholder, and of course the slaveholder him-
self, from its territory. On this point there seems
to be no division in the North. In the South, he
regretted to say, there was some division of senti-
ment. The effect of this determination of the
, North was to convert all the southern population
; into slaves; and he would never consent to entail
. that disgrace on his posterity. He denounced any
southern man who would not take the same course.
. Gentlemen were greatly mistaken if they supposed
' the Presidential question in the South would over-
ride this more important one. The separation of
the North and the South is completed. The South
, has now a most solemn obligation to perform—to
, herself—to the Constitution—to the Union. She
is bound to come to a decision not to permit this
' to g:o on any further, but to show thai, dearly as
she prizes the Union, there are questions which
she regards as of greater importance than the
Union. She is bound to fulfill her obligations as
she may best understand them. This is not a
; question of territorial government, hut a question
I involving the continuance of the Union. Perhaps
it was better that this question should come to an
end, in order that some new point should be
taken.
He had given what he deemed a clear constitu-
tional vote on the compromise bill. He had also
voted for the introduction of the Missouri com-
, promise into this bill; although he could not consti-
tutionally vote for the bill, which he regarded as
artificial. Gentlemen may do with this bill as they
. please. If they will not give now what the South
: asks as a compromise, she will, at the next session,
demand all, and will not be satisfied with anything
■ less.
; Mr. BELL said, he was a southern Senator,
1 and deeply involved in southern interests: but he
j must have greatly mistaken his true course if the
; arguments to which he had listened were correct.
' There were wiser heads than his; but still, in the
j vote which he should give, he must conform to his
| own judgment. He believed that the Senator from
j South Carolina, and those who concurred with
! him, had placed the South in a wrong position,
when they assumed that, by the decision of this
question, the die would be cast, and the issue must
; now be made which involves the dissolution of
the Union. He contended that this issue was pre-
, maturely made when it was made on the Oregon
• bill. If we are to quarrel with the North, let us
be sure that in all respects our ground of dispute
is tenable for us. The vote of the House has
been cited here as evidence that this issue could
• no longer be avoided. He came to no such con-
■ elusion. He knew and felt the influence of too
many sympathies with the North. Until a vole
of C^ne:ress should, on the subject of the southern
Territories, actually separate the Union, he never
would believe that such a vote could be given. As
' to this question, he had voted against laying this
' bill on the table, and against its postponement, be-
cause he desired to give his southern friends an
' opportunity of having a committee of conference,
from which he expected nothing favorable.
Mr. WESTCOTT and Mr. DOWNS explained
their votes on the question to lay the subject on
the table.
I Mr. BELL resumed. He would vote against
receding and would then vote to insist, although
he did not expect any good from a conference. He
desired to see the Ortgon bill passed, even without
this lestriction; and he could not U3e it as a means
of attack on gentlemen. Whether he could vote
" for it himself was doubtful, regarding as he did the
