1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
of the first Legislative Assembly; and no person
holding a commission or appointment under the
United States, shall be a member of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, or shall hold any office under the
Government of said Territory.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justices, I
any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and |
who shall hold a term at the seat of government i
of said Territory annually, and they shall hold j
their offices during the period of four years, and
until their successors shall be appointed and qual-
ified. The said Territory shall be divided into
three judicial districts, and a district court shall
be held in each of said districts, by one of the
justices of the supreme court, at such times and
places as may be prescribed by law; and the said
judges shall, after their appointments, respectively,
reside in the districts which shall be assigned
them. The jurisdiction of the several courts
herein provided for, both appellate and original,
and that of the probate courts, and of justices of
the peace, shall be as limited by law: Provided,
That justices of the peace shall not have jurisdic-
tion of any case'in which the title to land shall in
any wise come in question, or where the debtor
damages claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars;
and the said supreme and district courts, respect-
ively, shall possess chancery, as well as common
law, jurisdiction. Each district court, or the judge
thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who shall also be
the register in chancery, and shall keep his office
at the place where the court may be held. Writs
of error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be
allowed in all cases from the final decisions of said
district courts to the supreme court, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by law; but in
no case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its
own clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office at
the pleasure of the court for which he shall have
been appointed. "Writs of error, and appeals from
the final decisions of said supreme court shall be
allowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner and
under the same regulations as from the circuit
courts of the United States, where the value of
the property or the amount in controversy, to be
ascertained by the oath or affirmation of either
party, or other competent witness, shall exceed
two thousand dollars; and in alt cases where the
Constitution of the United States, or act of Con-
gress, or a treaty of the United States is brought
in question, each of the said district courts shall
have and exercise the same jurisdiction in all
cases arising under the Constitution and laws of
the United States and the laws of said Territory,
as is vested in the circuit and district courts of the
United States. Writs of error and appeal in all
such cases shall be made to the supreme court of
said Territory, the same as in other cases. Writs
of error and appeals from the final decisions of
said supreme court shall be allowed, and may be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the same manner as from the circuit courts of
the United States, where the value of the propeity
or the amount in controversy shall exceed two
thousand dollars; and each of said district courts
shall have and exercise the same jurisdiction m all
cases arising under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, as is vested in the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and also of all
cases arising under the laws of the said Territory
and otherwise. The said clerk shall receive, in all
such cases, the same fees which the clerks of the dis-
trict courts of the late Wisconsin Territory received
for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed an Attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who
shall receive the same fees and salary as were pro-
vided by law for the Attorney of the United States
for the late Territory of Wisconsin. There shall
also be a Marshal for the Territory appointed,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President, and who
shall execute all processes issuing from the said
courts, when exercising their jurisdiction as circuit
and district courts of the United States: he shall
perform the duties, be subject to the same regula-
tion and penalties, and Be entitled to the same
fees, as were provided by law for the Marshal of
the district court of the United States for the pres-
ent Territory of Wisconsin; and shall, in addition,
be paid two hundred dollars annually, as a com-
pensation for extra services.
Sec. 11. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the Gov-
ernor, Secretary, Chief Justice and Associate Jus-
tices, Attorney, and Marshal, shall be nominated,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. The Governor and Secretary, to be ap-
pointed as aforesaid, shall, before they act as such,
respectively, take an oath or affirmation, before
the district judge, or some justice of the peace in
the limits of said Territory, duly authorized to
administer oaths and affirmations by the laws now
in force therein, or befoie the Chief Justice or some
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and faithfully to discharge the duties of
their respective offices; which said oaths, when so
taken, shall be certified by the person by whom
the same shall have been taken, and such certifi-
cates shall be received and recorded by the said
Secretary among the executive proceedings; and
the Chief Justice and Associate Justices, and all
other civil officers in said Territory, before they
act as such, shall take a like oath or affirmation,
before the said Governor or Secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the Territory, who
may be duly commissioned and qualified, which
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and trans-
mitted, by the person taking the same, to the Sec-
retary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and,
afterwaids, the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded, in such manner and
form as may be prescribed by law. The Governor
shall receive an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars as Governor, and fifteen hundred dollars
as Superintendent of Indian Affairs. The Chief
Justice and Associate Justices shall each receive
an annual salary of two thousand dollars. The
Secretary shall receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars. The said salaries shall be paid
quarter-yearly, from the dates of the respective
appointments, at the treasury of the United States;
but no such payment shall be made until said offi-
cers shall have entered upon the duties of their
respective appointments. The members of the
Legislative Assembly shall be entitled to receive
three dollars each per day, during their attendance
at the sessions thereof, and three dollars each for
every twenty miles travel in going to and returning
from the said sessions, estimated according to the
nearest usually travelled route. And a Chief
Clerk, one Assistant Clerk, a Sergeant-at-Arms,
• and Doorkeeper, may be chosen for each House;
i and the Chief Clerk shall receive five dollars per
j day, and the said other officers three dollars per
f day, during the session of the Legislative Assem-
| bly; but no other officers shall be paid by the Uni-
j ted States: Provided, That there shall be but one
session of the Legislature annually, unless, on an
; extraordinary occasion, the Governor shall think
| proper to call the Legislature together. There
; shall be appropriated, annually, the sum of fifteen
i hundred dollars, to be expended by the Governor,
J to defray the contingent expenses of the Territory,
; including the salary of a clerk of the executive
1 department; and there shall also be appropriated,
! annually, a sufficient sum, to be expended by the
| Secretary of the Territory, and upon an estimate
to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury of
! the United States, to defray the expenses of the
; Legislative Assembly, the piinting of the laws,
i and other incidental expenses. And the Governor
: and Secretary of the Territory shall, in the dis-
] bursemcnt of all moneys intrusted to them, be
i governed solely by the instructions of the Secre-
j tary of the Treasury of the United States, and
J shall semi-annually account to the said Secretary
for the manner in which the aforesaid [sum]
moneys shall have been expended; and no ex-
penditure, to be paid out of money appropriated
by Congress, shall .be made by said Legislative
Assembly for objects not specially authorized by
the acts of Congress making the appropriation,
nor beyond the sums thus appropriated for such
objects.
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That the rivers
! and streams of water in said Territory of Oregon,
! in which salmon are found, or to which they re-
! sort, shall not be obstructed by dams or otherwise,
i unless such dams or obstructions are so constructed
as to allow salmon to pass freely up and down
such rivers and streams.
Sec. 13. tfind be it further enacted, That the
sum of ten thousand dollars be, and is hereby,
appropriated to be expended under the direction of
the President of the United States, in payment for
the services and expenses of such persons as have
i been engaged by the provisional government of
! Oregon, in conveying communications to and from
the United States, and for purchase of presents
i for such of the Indian tribes as the peace and quiet
| of the country requires.
! Sec. 14. And be it further enacted) That the in-
i habitants of said Territory shall be entitled to
i enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and
1 advantages granted and secured to the people of
1 the Territory of the United States northwest of the
| river Ohio, by the articles of compact contained in
i the ordinance for the government of said territory,
on the thirteenth day of July, seventeen hundred
' and eighty-seven; and shall be subject to all the
' conditions, and restrictions, and prohibitions in
' said articles of compact imposed upon the people of
I said Territory; and the existing laws now in force
! in the Territory of Oregon, under the authority of
the provisional go\ernment established by the
| people thereof, shall continue to be valid and oper-
ative therein, so far as the same be not incompati-
! ble with the Constitution of the United States and
; the principles and provisions of this act; subject,
: nevertheless, to be altered, modified, or repealed
; by the Legislative Assembly of the said Territory
! of Oregon; but all laws heretofore passed in said
' Territory making grants of land or otherwise
, affecting or encumbering the title to lands, shall
be, and are hereby, declared null and void, and the
laws of the United States ate hereby extended
over, and declared to be m force in, said Territory,
so far as the same, or any provision thereof, may
be applicable.
Sec. 15. And he it further enacted, That the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon
shall hold its first session at such time and place
in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
I appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
I soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
1 Legislative Assembly shall proceed to locate and
1 establish the seat of government for said Territory
• at such placc as they may deem eligible; which
j place, however, shall thereafter be subject to be
I changed by said Legislative Assembly. And the
j sum of five thousand dollars, out of any money in
[ the treasury not otherwise appropiiated, is hereby
' appropriated and granted to said Teiritory ot Ore-
1 gon, to be there applied, by the Governor, to the
I erection of suitable buildings at the seat of gov-
; ernment.
| Sec. 16. And be it farther enacted, That a Dele-
i gate to the House of Representatives of the United
I States, to serve for the term of two years, who
j shall be a citizen of the United States, may be
! elected by the voters qualified to elect members of
! the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to
j the same rights and privileges as have been here-
i tofore exereised and enjoyed by the Delegates^from
! the several other Territories of the United States
| to the said House of Representatives; but the Del-
• egate first elected shall hold his seat only during the
, term of ihe Congress to which he shall be elected.
1 The first election shall be held at such time and
I places, and be conducted in such manner, as the
I Governor shall appoint and direct, of which, and
i the time, [dace, and manner of holding such elec-
! tions, he shall give at least sixty days notice by
1 proclamation; and at all subsequent elections, the
i; times, places, and manner of holding the elections
shall be prescribed by law. The person haying
|i the. greatest number of votes shall be declared by
j; the Governor to be duly elected, and a certificate
■' thereof shall be given accordingly. The Delegate
[i from said Territory shall not be entitled to receive
more than twenty-five hundred dollars at any one
i session of Congress, as a compensation for his
mileage in goinsr to and returning from the seat of
!; the Government of the United States, any act of
[I Congress to the contrary notwithstanding.
'j Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That all suits,
process, and proceedings, civil and criminal, at
law and in chancery, and all indictments and in-
!i formations, which shall be pending and undeter-
