1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
Mr* COBB, of Georgia, moved a resolution that
the standing committees of the House be at liberty
to return the'papers submitted to them, and upon
which they had not acted, to the Clerk, and be dis-
charged from their further consideration. This,
he said, would avoid the necessity for all these re*
ports from committees.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said, with
regard to any papers not reported on by the com-
mittees, the universal practice had been to return
them to the Clerk without any report whatever;
therefore there was no necessity For the resolution
to pass. He hoped that Senate bills to which no
objection was made would be received from the
committees; and, to accomplish this objeet, he
1 called for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER replied that there was no other
regular order of business-to-day than the reception
of petitions.
Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker if the prac-
tice of the House had been as stated by Mr. Rock-
well ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was the right of
members of the committees to hand to the Clerk all
papers on which their committees had not acted,
without making a report to the House.
Mr. COBB withdrew, then, his resolution, and
gave notice of a general objection to all reports from
committees.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
suspend the rules for the reception of all reports
from committees of Senate bills to which no objec-
tion was made.
Mr. COBB said it was too late for the House to
act on any business. No good could result from
the suspension of the rules.
Mr. ROCKWELL said there were one or two
Senate bills which the Committee of Claims were
ready to report, to which the House .would agree;
and he called the gentleman's attention to the fact
that his motion was to suspend the rules foe reports
to which no objection was made.
The question was taken, and the motion of Mr.
Rockwell was rejected.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved a suspension of
the rules to enable him to offer the following reso-
lution; '
Resolved, Th&t it shall be the duty of the Clerk of this
House to remove the desks from this Half during the adjourn -
merit of Congress, the seats to remain as they are, unless it
shall he ascertained that they may, with perfect convenience
to the members, be placed closer together. He shall also
cause a tribune,'one step above the floor, to be erected ^in
front of his desk, with a tabic m front, on whigh he shall
constantly keep writing materials. He shdll also cause two
desks, one on each side of the tribune, to be erected, for the"
accommodation of the reporters of the Intelligencer and the
Union.
The motion was lost, two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative.
PAYMENTS TO GENS. CASS AND TAYLOR. '
Mr. LINCOLN asked the attention of the House
for a moment, for the purpose of saying that the
Committee on the Expenditures of the War De-
partment, to whom had been referred the message
of the President transmitting a statement of the
reeeipts from the treasury of Generals Cass and
Taylor, had prepared a short report, the substance
of which was, that they recommended the printing
of the message of the President and accompanying
documents, together with certain documents which
had heretofore been committed to that committee,
on the subject of the accounts of General Cass. If
objections were made, he asked a suspension of
the rules to enable him to move, in accordance
with this report, the printing of the message and
the said documents.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to the re-
ception of the report.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said the gentleman had
been culling from various documents, and he now
asked that the matter he had collected be printed
together, without any examination on the part of
the, House. He protested against it as an act of
gross injustice. .
The SPEAKER reminded gentlemen that debate
was not in order.
Mr. BURT wished to know if these were not
the same documents, which the House had the
other day refused to print ?
The House refused to suspend the rules: Ayes
75, noes 78.
Mr. BURT obtained the floor.
Mr. McCLELLAND appealed to the gentleman
to yield, to allow him to move that the President's
message and accompanying documents with regard
to the compensations of Generals Cass and Tayior
be printed. ■
Mr. BURT said that motion could be made after
he had submitted his motion. He appealed to the
House to take up and pass the Senate bill to refund
to Ward & Smith moneys advanced by them to
our squadron in the bay of San Francisco, in Feb-
ruary, 1847. These gentlemen had stepped for-
ward and advanced moneys which were necessary
for our naval forces at that place, and surely no
gentleman could object to oui; refunding it. Mr.
Ward was now in the city pressing his claim.
No objection being made-
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, reported the
said bill from the Committee of Claims, which (a
formal amendment recommended by the committee
having been rejected) was read a third time and
Mr. ASHMUN rose to a privileged question,
and moved to reconsider the resolution adopted a
few moments since, appointing a committee to
wait on the President of the United States and in-
form him that unless he bad some communication
to make to the two Houses, they would adjourn
at twelve o'clock to-day. He understood that a
message had been received from the Senate, inform-
ing the House that that body had concurred in the
resolution suspending for to-day the joint rule
which forbids bills to be sent to the President.
Therefore there was no use for the resolution.
Mr. BOYD remarked he had no objection to the
resolution being reconsidered.
The passage of the resolution was then reconsid-
ered, and the resolution was rejected.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion: /
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Clerk of this
Hou>e to cause a tribune, one stetp above the floor, to be
erected in front of his desk, with a table in front, on which
lie shall constantly k^tp writing mateiials. He shall aUo
cause two desks, one on each side of the tribune, to be
erected tor the accommodation of the reporters of the In-
telhgencer-and the (Jmon.
The motion was lost, two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. STROHM moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to make a reptirti?3ffi tire-Committee
on Public Expenditures. Lost, two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, fyc., That the Joint Committee on Printing be, and
they are hereby, authorized to sit during the recess of Con-
gress, in order to carry out the intention of the joint resolu-
tion directing the manner of procuring the printing lor the
two Houses! of Congress, approved August 3,184o: Provided,
That no pay be allowed for anything beyond the actual ne-
cessary tiavellingexpenses of s>aid committee,incoming to
and returning from the Capitol, m performance of the duties
of said committee, and the usual per diem while thus en-
[Grreat disorder and excitement.]
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, made the point of order
that the report was not m order, the privilege given
to the Committee on Printing to report at any time
being confined to the ordinary routine of their du-
ties; the question of the propriety of printing docu-
ments, their nature and character, &c., did not
authorize them to make such a report.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL denied the power of
the House to communicate any such authority as
was proposed. There was no such power in
Congress.
TheSPEAKERstated that the rule of the House
provided that the Committee on Printing might |
report at any time. j
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, appealed from the de- ;
cision, and demanded the yeas and nays on the !
appeal. .
Mr. HENLEY asked the gentleman to with-
draw the appeal for a moment, and ailow him to
say a word. He thought he could convince the
gentleman, in a moment, that the report should be
adopted.
Mr. COBB declined to withdraw.
The Clerk read the rule, which authorizes the
Committee on Printing to report at any time.
The SPEAKER stated the question. The Chair
understood the gentleman from Georgia to claim
for the Speaker the discretionary power to say
what character of reports the Committee on Print-
ing might make under theirgeneralleave to report
at any time. The Chair overruled the point of or-
der, and disclaimed any such power. m'
The rule
was express that the Committee on Printing might
report at any time, without reference to the nature
or character of the report.
■ Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired jf it was the
decision of the Cfiair that the committee might re-
port after the House had adjourned ?
TheSPEAKER replied, unquestionably the com-
mittee could not report when the House was not
in session. There was no question of that sort
involved in this resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL." How can the committee
sit when the House has adjourned ?
The SPEAKER. The right of the committee
to sit when the House has adjourned is a question
to be decided by the House, not by the Speaker.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays on the
appeal, which were ordered.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. COBB
and the SPEAKER on the point of order.
Mr. HENLEY repeated that he was sure, if the. -
gentleman from Georgia would listen one moment,
he would not object at all to the proposition of the
committee.
The SPEAKER decided that no allusion to the
nature of the report was in order on the appeal.
Mr. HENLEY still retained the floor, and was
proceedings make some remarks as to the char-
acter of the report, when he was arrested by loud
cries of" order" and by—
The SPEAKER, who repeated that the question
was not open to debate, and requested the gentle-
man to take his seat, as the time of the House was
precious.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to:
Yeas 111, nays 37.
The resolution being then before the House—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for the reading of
the President's message just received, (and which,
it was understood, had reference to his approval of
the Oregon Territorial bill.)
[The following is the message:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
When the President has given his official sanction to a
bill which has passed Congress, usage requires that lie shall
notify the House in which it originated of that fact. The
mode of giving this notification has been by an oral message
delivered by his private secretary.
Having this day approved and signed an act entitled "An
act to establish the Territorial Government of Oregon," I
deem it proper, under the existing circumstances, to com-
municate the fact in a more solemn form.
The deeply interesting and protracted discussions which
have taken place in both Houses of Congress, and the ab-
sorbing interest which the subject has excited throughout
the country, justify, in my judgment, this departure fiom the
form of notice observed in other cases.
In this communication with a coordinate branch of the
Government, made proper by the considerations refeired to,
f shall frankly, and without reserve, express the leasorts
which have constrained me not to-withhold my signature
from the bill to establish a government over Oregon, even
though the two Territories of New Mexico and California aie
to be left, for the present, without governments. None
doubt that U is proper to establish a government in Oregon.
Indeed, ii has been too lone delayed. I have made tepcated
recommendations to Congress to tins effect. The petitions
of the' people of that distant region have been presented to
the Government, and ought not to be disregarded. To give
to them aregularly organized government and the protection
of Qur laws, which as citizens of the United States they
claim, is a high duty on our part, and one which we aie
bound to perform, unless there be controlling reasons to
prevent it.
In the progress of allgovcrnments,questionsofsuch trans-
cendent importance occasionally arise, as to cast in the
shade all those of a mere party character. But one such
question can now be agitated in this country; and tin* may
endanger our glorious Onion, tlie source of our greatness
and all our political blessings. This question is slavery.
With the slaveholding States this does not embrace meieJy
the rights of property, however valuable; but it ascends far
higher, and involves the domestic peace and security of
every fetnily.
The fathers of the Constitution—tlx;.wise and patriotic
men who laid the foundation of our institutions—foreseeing
the danger fiom this quarter, acted in a spirit of compromise
and mutual concession on this dangerous and delicate sub-
ject; and their wisdom ought to be the-guide of their suc-
cessors. Whilst they left to tilt States ext lusively the ques-
tion of domestic slavery within then- respective limits 'bey
provided that slaves who might escape into other States not
recognizing the institution ot slavery,shall •' be delivered up
on the claim of the party to whom such service or labor may
beUpon this foundation the matter rested until the Missouri
question arose.
In December, 1819, application was made to Congress by
the neople of the Missouri Territory for admission into the
Union as a State. The discussion upon the subject in Con-
cress involved the question of*slavery, and was prosecuted
with such violence as to produce excitements alarming to
every patriot m the Union. But the good genius of concili-
ation which presided at the birth of our institutions nna ly
prevailed, and the Mi^ouri compromise was^adopted. 1he
eighth section of the act of Congress of the 6th of March,
1820 u to authorize the people ot the Missouri Territory to
form'a constitution and State government," &e., provides :
"That, in all that territory ceded by France to the United
