1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
< States, under the name of Louisiana, srhicb lie&north ©f
< thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes north latitude, not in-
i eluded within the limits of the State contemplated by this
{act, slavery and involuntary seclude,'otherwise than in
' the punishmentof crimes, whereof the parties shall have
* been duty convicted, shall be, and i£ hereby, forever pro-
' hibited: Provided, alivays/Vhax any person escaping into the
'same, from whom labor of service is lawftilly claimed in
< any State or Territory &t the United -States, such fugitive
'm^ybe lawfully reclaimed, #nd conveyed to the person
* claiming his or herjabor or services aforesaid."
This compromise had the effect of calming the troubled
waves, and restoring peace and good* will throughout ^the
States of the Union. ' *
The Missouri question had excited intense agitation of
the public mind, and threatened to divide the country into
geographical parties, alienating the feelings of ajtachment
which each portion of our Union should bear to every other.
The compromise allayed the excitement, tranquihzed the
Eopular mind, and restored confidence and fraternal feeling,
ts authors were hailed as public benefactors.
I do not doubt thit a similar adjustment of the questions
which now agnate the public mind would produee the tame
happy results. If the legislation of Congress on the subject
of the other Territories shall not be adopted in a spirit of
" conciliation and compromise,it is impossible that thet ouu-
try t-an be «ati«fi.>d, or that the most disastrous consequences
shall fail to ensue.
When Texas was admitted into the Union, the same spirit
of compromise which guided our predecessors in the Admis-
sion of Missouri, a quarter of a century before, prevailed
without any serious opposition. The "joint resolution tor
annexing Texas to the United Slates.," approved March the
first, one thousand eight hundred and torty-five, provides
that " such States as may be formed out of that portion of
< said territory lying south of thirty six degrees thirty miri-
* utes north latitude, commonly known a-s tire Missouri com-
i promise hoe, shall be admitted into the Union with or vvith-
i out slavery, as the people of each State asking admission
6 may desire. And in such State or States as shall be formed
* out of said territory north of the Missouri compiomise line,
* slavery or involuntary servitude (except for crime) shall be
' prohibited."
The Territory of Oregon lies far north of thirty-six degrees
thirty minutes, the Missouri and Texa> comproini>e line, fts
southern boundary i-s the parallel of forty-two, leaving the
intermediate distance to be three hundred and thirty geo-
graphical miles. <
And it is because the provisions of this bill are not incon-
sistent with the teims of the Missouri coiiipro'mia.e; if ex-
tended fiom the Rio Grande to the Pacific Ocean, that t have
not felt at liberty to Withhold my sanction. Had iteinbracf d
territories south of that com promise, the question presented
for my consideration would have been ot a tai different
ehaiacter, and my action upon it must have corresponded
with my convictions.
Ought we now to disturb the Missouri and" Texas com-
prom^es.? Ought we, at this late day, in attempting to an-
nul what lias b.ten so long established and acquiesced in, to
excite sectional divisions and jealousies; to alienaLe the
people of different portions of the Union from eachother,
and to endanger tiie ext&toueeof the Union itself.?
From the adoption of the Federal Constitution, during a
.period of sixty years, our progress as a nation has-been with-
out example m the annals ol history. Under the protection
ot a bountiful Providence, we have advanced with giant
strides in the career of wealth and prosperity. We have
enjoyed the blessings of freedom to a greater extent than
any other people, ancient or modern, under a government
which has preserved order, and seemed to every citizen
Hie, liberty, and psopsrty. We have now become an ex-
ample for imitation to the whole world. The friends of
fteedom in every chine point with admiration to our institu-
tions. Shall we, theu. at the moment when the people of
Europe are devoting all their energies in the attempt to as-
similate tlreir institutions to our own, peril all our biasings
by despising the lessons of experience, and refusing to tread
in the footsteps which our fathers bave trodden? And for
what causae would we endanger our glorious Union? The
Mufcourt compromise "contains a prohibition of slavery
throughout all that vast region extending twelve-and-a-half
degrees along the Pacific, from the parallel of thirty-six de-
f;r'ees thirty minutes to that of forty-nine degrees, and east
rom that ocean to and beyond the summit of the Rocky
Mountains. Why, then, should our institutions be endan-
gered because it is>proposed to submit to the people of the
remainder of our newiy acquired terntoiy ljing south of
thirty-six degrees, thirty minutes, embracing le&s than four
degVees of latitude, the question whether, in the language of
the Texas compromise, they " shall be admitted (as a State)
into the Union with or without slavery ?" Is this a question
to be pushed to such extremities by excited partisans on the
one side or the other, in regard to our newly acquired dis-
tant possessions on the Pacific, as to endanger the union of
thirty glorious States which constitute our Confedeiacy? I
have an abiding confidence that the sober reflection and
sound patriotism of the people of all the States will bring
them to the conclusion that the dictate of wisdom is to fol-
low the example of those who have gone before' u^.and
settle this dangerous question on the Missouri compiomise,
or some other equitable compromise,'which would respect
the rights of all, and prove satisfactory to the different por- 1
lions of the Union.
Holding as a sacred trust the Executive authority for the
whole Union, and bound to guard the rights of ail, X should
be constrained, by a sen^e of duty, to withhold my official
sanction from any measure which would conflict with these
important objects.
I cannot more appropriately close this message than by
quoting from the Farewell Address of the Father of hisCoun-
try. His warning voice can never be heard in vain by the
American people. If the spirit of prophecy had distinctly
presented to his view, more than a half century ago, the
present distracted condition of his country, the language
which he then employed could not have been more appro-
priate than it is to the present occasion. He declared:
"The unity of .government which constitutes you one
people, is also now dear to you. It is justly so; for it is a
main pillar in the edifice of your real independence, the sup-
port of your tranquillity at home, your peace abroad, of your
safety, of your prosperity, of that very liberty wbich you so
highly prize. But, as it is easy to foresee that, from different
causes, and from different quarters, much pains will be
taken, many artifices employed, to weaken in your minds
the conviction of this truth—as this is the point in your
political foitress against' which the batteries ol internal
and external enemies will be most constantly and actively
(though often covertly and insidiously) directed—it is of
in finite moment that you should properly estimate the im-
mense value of your national union to your collective and
individual happiness; that you should cherish a cordial,
habitual, and immovable attachment to it {-accustoming
yourselves to think and to speafc of it as a palladium of your
political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation
with jealous anxiety; discountenancing whatever may.sug-
gest even a suspicion that it can m any event be abandoned;
and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every
attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest,
or to enfeeble the sacred ues which now link together the
various paits. i
" For this you have every inducement of sympathy and
interest. Citizens by birth or choice of a common country,
that country has a ughtto concentrate your affections.. The
name of American, which belongs to you in your national
capacit), must alvvaysexalt the justpride of patriotism more
than any appellation derived from local discriminations.
With slight shades of difference, you haye the same religion,
manners, habits, and political prigciples. Y_ou have, in a
common cnu^c, fought and triumphed together. The inde-
pendence and liberty you possess are the work of joint coun-
cil* and joint efforts, of common dangers, sufferings, and
success.
" With such powerful and obvious motives to union,
affecting ail parts of our country, while experience shall not
have demonstrated its impracticability, there will always be
reason to distrust the patriotism of those who, in any quar-
ter, may endeavor to weaken .its bands.
"In contemplating the causes which may disturb our
Union, it occurs as matter of serious concern, that any
ground should have been furnished for characterizing par-
ties by geographical discriminations—Northern and Soidherny
.dtlarU.ic and IVestern ; whence designing men may endeavor
to excite a belief that there is a real difference of local inter-
ests and view*. One of the exptdK-nts of party to acquire
influence within particular districts, is to misrepresent the
opinions and aims of other districts. You cannot shield
yourselves too much against the jealousies and heartburn-
ings which sprinsi from these misrepresentations. They tend
to render alien to each other those who ought to be bound
together by fraternal affection."
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, august 14, 1848.]
Objections were made.
Mr. CONGER said he did not design to take up
the time of the House in discussing the resolution.
He had-only to say that the Committee on Print-
ing on the part of both Houses were unanimously
of the opinion'that-it -wasirfetfes'saTy that, this com-
mittee should have leave to sit during the recess,
in order to protect the public interests. But it was
not in contemplation, by that resolution or other-
wise, that the whole committee.should remain here
during the recess, or that they should draw pay
for their services. It was only intended that one
member of that committee should remain here for
the purpose of superintending the public printing,
which would be going on. There was now a large
number of documents which hatf been ordered to
be printed by both Houses, which were in the
hands of the printer,and remained to be done; and
it belonged to this committee, and nobody else, to
take charge of this whole matter, to see that the
work was done in the right manner, and that' the
materials were of the.requisite quality.
Mr. McLANE objected.
Mr. CONGER demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HENLEY wished the gentleman to with-
draw his demand, to enable him to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, hoped the gentleman
would withdraw the demand, so as to allow the
message from the President of the United States
to be read.
Mr. CONGER declined, and insisted upon the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being upon the adoption of
the resolution.
fit was now half past 11 o'clock.]
Mr. BURT moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and on that motion he demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted: Yeas 72, nays 77.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
[It now wanted but twelve minutes to twelve
o'clock.]
Mr. BURT and other gentlemen demanded the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER stated that another call of the
yeas and nays would more than exhaust all the
time which was left. If the yeas and nays were
ordered.it would be his duty to arres! the call and
adjourn the House at twelve o'clock.
There was now an important message from the
President of the United -States on, the Speaker's
table, which it would give the Chair pleasure to
present, if it was the wish of the Housed
[Cries of •' Let us have it; read it."]
The SPEAKER said he.could not lay it before
the House while this question was* pending, unless
.by the unanimous consent of the House. Objec-
tions were made—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, renewed the call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution of
Mr. Conger; which were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN moyed a suspension of the
rules to take up the message. The "motion was
not pressed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked to be excused
from voting ori the resolution, and demanded the
yeas and nays on his motion.
The yeas and nays were refused, and Mr. J ones
was not excused.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, hoped by
general consent a joint resolution which had just
been received from the Senate would be taken up
and read. Objections were made.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, asked the gen-
eral consent that the President's message be
printed.
Objections were made, unless gentlemen on Mr.
Houston's side would withdraw the demand foe
the yeas and nays. [Increased eonfusion.]
Mr. HUNT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays had been prdered. He
appealed to gentlemen not to persist m killing the
little time that remained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays wete refused, and the mo-
tion to reconsider the demand for the yeas and
nays was agreed to. - -
The question recurring; on the demand for tha
yeas and nays, they were again ordered, and at
rune minutes to twelve o'clock the Clerk began to
call the roll.
The intense excitement, hurry, and confusion
attendant upon the closing hours of the session,
which had prevailed to some extent during the
entire morning, here seemed wrought up to the
highest pitch, and at the call by the Clerk of each
member, the hands of the -clock—now rapidly
moving forward, and just upon the hour of twelve
—were intently watched. During the last half
hour, the Speaker had constantly been engaged in
signing bills, and numerous messages had been re-
ceived from the President of the United States and
from the Senate.
The call having proceeded to the name of Mr.
Cobb, of Georgia—
Mr. STANTON interposed, and appealed to the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
President's message and order its printing.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
Chair will now lay before the House a message
from the President of the United States.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER (in reply to an inquiry by Mr.
Stanton) was understood to say, if the message
was not now laid before the House, it would, m
the opinion of the Chair, be locked up until the 1st
of December next.
The objections being persisted in—
At six minutes to twelve, the Clerkresumed the
call of the roll.
At two minutes to twelve,Mr. STANTON made
another unsuccessful appeal to have the message
laid before the House.
The Clerk still progressed with the call, and
having-reached the name of Mr. Richardson—
The Speaker's hammer fell, and
The SPEAKER, rose and said that the Senate
! and House of Representatives, by joint resolution,
; having directed the President of the Senate -and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives to- ad-
j journ their respective Houses on the 14th day of
, August, at twelve o'clock, m., and that day and
j that hour having now arrived, the-Chair-declares
1 that this House stands adjourned sine die.
