1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
IN SENATE. •
Monday, Jlugust 14, 1848.
Prayers beinq; over, and the order given, " The
Journal will be read"—
Mr. MANGUM hoped the reading of the Jour-
nal would be dispensed with; they had much
business before them, and little time to transact it
in, and, as the Journal was unusually long, it
would consume much of that time.
Mr. TURNEY insisted that the Journal should
be read; it was his right to insist on it, and he
claimed that right.
Several Senators: " Well, let it be read."
After some portion of the Journal had been
read—
Mr. BENTON again rose and expressed the
hope that the further reading would be dispensed
with; it was long, and would consume much time.
The CHAIR said that the Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Turney] had insisted on the reading of
the Journal, in which the Senate seemed to acqui-
esce, and directed the Secretary to proceed with the
reading.
The reading of the Journal having been con-
cluded, several Senators were on their feet at the
same time, addressing: "Mr. President," to wit:
Messrs. BENTON, YULEE, and TURNEY.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to correct a statement
in the Journal.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I move to take
up the resolution submitted on Sunday morning
by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,]
to suspend the 17th joint rule, so as to enable the
Oregon bill to go to the President. If that resolu-
tion be not passed, it will involve the fate of sev-
eral bills.
Mr. ATHERTON. Yes, the military appro-
priation bill, involving millions.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, is not mine a
privileged question?
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the resolution
by adding the words, "and all other bills up to 12
o'clock of this day."
Mr. WESTCOTT. I move an amendment to
the amendment, " to rescind the resolution to ad-
journ."
Mr. BRIGHT. The motion of the Senator
from Florida is clearly out of order. All amend-
ments must be germane to the subject; his was
evidently not so.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
"Mr. MILLER. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
I will accept the modification with pleasure.
The CHAIR. The question is on the resolution
as amended.
Mr. TURNEY objected to the resolution. As
it was proposed to be amended, it would be made
to embrace all other bills passed, or to be passed
this morning, and to this he could not agree. If
separate resolutions were brought in to suspend
the rules, he should exercise his judgment on each
separately, and he would not object to that course
being pursued, and to the passage of any bill that
was in itself unobjectionable. Congress had thought
proper to adopt a rule, for reasons that were doubt-
less satisfactory to it, that bills should not be sent
to the President after a certain period. This rule
was an important one. Its object was to give the
President time to consider aud examine bills that
were sent to him for his approval and signature.
But here was an important bill that was new in
many of its provisions, which it was proposed to
send to the President at this late period of the ses-
sion. The vote on suspending the rules for such
a purpose virtually involved the question of the
passage of the bill, and hence it opened the whole
subject-matter of the bill. He was opposed to this.
He was opposed to the passage of the bill, and he
was opposed to the manner in which its passage
had been secured. He thought all the courtesies
of the Senate had been violated that this bill might
be rushed through. He would ask if it had ever i
happened befoie that a Senator was refused by a |
vote of the Senate permission to proceed with his
argument in order. [The honorable Senator al-
luded to a vote taken late on Saturday night in
relation to Mr. Foote.] Yet the Journal showed
that a Senator had been called to order for irrele-
vancy in debate, and a motion to permit h*m to
proceed in order was voted down by the Senate.
That was an extraordinary vote. It was unpre-
cedented. It was unheard of.
Mr. BENTON called the Senator from Tennes-
see to order, and asked for the reading of the rule
which required Senators to speak to the subject
before the Senate; and further, he called for the en-
forcement of that rule.
Mr. FOOTE said that rule should have been
enforced at an earlier period of the session.
Mr. TURNEY did not understand that there
,was any point of order made by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. BENTON said he had asked for a thing to
be done.
Mr. FOOTE insisted that the Senator from Mis-
souri had no right to make such a motion while a
Senator was speaking.
Mr. TURNEY said he insisted that his words
which were objected to as irrelevant should be put
down in writing.
Mr. FOOTE also contended that the words
should be taken down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER made some ob-
servations which did not reach the gallery.
Mr. TURNEY said he was going on to give very
briefly the history of the proceedings on this bill,
and he wished to know if anybody had ever before
been"called to-order for pursuing such a course.
Mr. KING begged to remind the Senator from
Tennessee that there was no bill under consider-
ation.
Mr. TURNEY asserted that there was. The
Oregon bill was embraced in the pending resolu-
tion, the adoption of which was necessary to give
that bill the force of law; and consequently the
whole question was opened for discussion.
He then proceeded. Some most extraordinary
steps had been taken to force this bill through this
body. The gag had been applied, and it had been
applied for the first time to secure the passage of
this bill. But that was not the only matter of
which he complained. So far as his knowledge
extended, the practice of the Senate had been, in
all cases of disagreeing votes between tbe two
Houses, to appoint a committee of cowference.
But even that had been refused. A departure
from the usual practice of the Senate in that re-
spect had been resorted to for the first time in this
case; and it was done for the purpose of forcing
through a measure that was more obnoxious to
one section of this Union than any other subject
of legislation which had come before them during
the present session. Why should they now be
called upon to suspend the rules to give this bill
the force and effect of law? Ife was not willing
to assent to such a proceeding.
He should now give his objections to this bill,
and he should be very brief, and yet he should
not hurry himself. If there were other important
bills embraced in this resolution which it was
necessary to pass, gentlemen might detach them,
act upon them separately, and they could be dis-
posed of in two minutes. To that he would con-
sent. But if they should refuse, gentlemen need
not expect him to shrink from the responsibility
of opposing this resolution. Whatever responsi-
bility there was, would rest on others.
He then lecapitulated the proceedings of the
two Houses on the subject of the Oregon bill,
which resulted in a disagreement between the two
Houses; and what, he asked the Senate, was to be
gained by surrendering to the House of Repre-
sentatives ? The Senate sent to the House a com-
promise bill, after mature consideration by the
Senate, and its passage by a large majority, and the
House unceremoniously laid it upon the table.
After that, the House of Representatives passed
this Oregon bill, which was about one-third of the
bill which the House had rejected.
Mr. MILLER interposed, and reminded the
Senator from Tennessee that the pending resolu-
tion had reference not alone to the Oregon bill, but
to some twenty or thirty others, amongst which
was the army bill.
Mr. TURNEY should vote against the resolu-
tion, although it did embrace other bills. But if
the Senator from New Jersey would offer a sep-
arate resolution in relation to the army*bill, he
(Mr. T.) wouid interpose no objection. But did
the Senator suppose that he could be cut off from
giving his decided opposition to this Oregon bill?
If so,"he was very much mistaken. If gentlemen
would put a number of bills together, they must
take the consequences, for he could not thus allow
himself to be brought to favor the passage of a bill
which his judgment disapproved. The House of
Representatives had decided that it would pass no
bill which was silent on the subject of slavery.
They were not content to stand on the Constitu-
tion. They were not content that the citizens of this
Republic should enjoy the rights which were' he-
cured to them by the Constitution, and hence they
had rejected the Oregon bill sent to them by the
Senate. They had rejected it because it was in
bad company. The House afterwards sent to the
Senate a bill to establish a Territorial Government
in Oregon by itself, and the Senate returned it with
a second proposition of a compromise on the basis
of the Missouri compromise, giving them a large
portion of the territory, and they had refused to
accede to that, and had sent the bill back amended.
In this state of things the Senate was now asked
to yield to the House, without even a committee
of conference being allowed them, although it was
a common law of the body, and allowed in every
other case. And not only was a committee of
conference denied them, but gentlemen had been
gagged, and refused permission to deliver their
sentiments in this body on so important a question;
but notwithstanding their rights had been thus out-
raged, they were asked to stand here m silence
and permit this bill to pass through; and that it
might be forced through, the army bill and some
others had been coupled with it. Senators must
not, however, expect to force it on him by thus
coupling it with others. Let each tub stand on its
| own bottom, and let each bill stand on its own
merits; but let them not expect to accomplish their
purpose by this unholy and unnatural alliance. If,
by such an alliance, a necessary measure was de-
feated, let the responsibility reston those who thus
coupled them. If Senators would blend measures
together, they must bear the responsibility. He
should not vote for this resolution on thataccount,
and he was willing to take all the responsibility
that would attach $o him for any vote that he mighi
give. He was willing to answer to the State of
Tennessee,and 'o nowhere else washeresponsible.
Mr. WEBSTER rose to a question of order.
He appealed to the Chair and to the Senate on a
point of order. He made it certainly without any
heat or passion. He rose to a point of order
which he meant to propound distinctly, and not
for the purpose of discussing it at any-length, but
to ask for a decision by the Chair and the Senate.
The position in which they stood could not but be
well known to every Senator. Less than two hours
hence and this Senate would stand adjourned.
Mr. WESTCOTT rose to a question of order.
The Senator from Massachusetts had no right—
and he said it respectfully—to make a speech on
his point, of oider.
Mr. WEBSTER would state the point of order
which he had risen to make. These protracted
debates at this stage of the session were certainly
out of order, and against the rule of the Senate
which requires Senators to speak to the question
pending before the Senate. He made this point of
order as a last effort on his part to complete the
business of the Senate in relation to the Oregon
bill, the army bill, and others which were highly
important: and he asked the Senate, with respect
for the gentleman from Tennessee, if a prolonged
debate, such as that which the gentleman from
Tennessee was inclined to go into, was in order?
If the Senate should say it was, he should not
have another word to say.
Mr. TURNEY required the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to put his point of order in writing, for
he wished it to go on the Journal.
Mr. WEBSTER was willing to do so if it were
required. He then submitted his point of order
to this effect: " I call the Senator from Tennessee
' to order on the ground that the course of discus-
< sion in which he is indulging is not relevant to
' the subject before the Senate."
Mr. TURNEY wished the "Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to indicate the irrelevant words.
Mr. WEBSTER replied that that was his point
of order, and the Senate would judge for itself as
to the words.
Mr. CALHOUN denied that the gentleman from
Tennessee was out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, inquired if he
understood that the opinion of the Senate was
asked on this point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER was understood
to answer in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHNSON. And that, I believe, is deba-
table?
