1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
win, Benton, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Clarke,
Corwin, Davit* of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix,
Dodge, Dousla-, Fekh, Fitzgeiald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Hannegari, Koti.-'on, King, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, JPearce,
Phelps Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Walker,
and vv'Vbtter—37.
The question then recurred on the House reso-
lution.
Mr. FOOTE rose and said that it had been inti-
mated by Senators in their places that there were
gentlemen there who were determined to speak out
all the time remaining with the view of defeating
this bill. Now. he wished to be allowed to say-
that they had been for some time prepared to act
a very different part. They had been prepared to
defeat what was considered improper legislation,
and nothing- more. But he now felt authorized to
declare that they were now willing: to yield and let
the majority take the responsibility. They had
discharged their duty as patriots should do. [Loud
cries of" (Question."]
Mr. HOUSTON was deeply impressed with the
importance of this subject. Having acted upon this
measure with the best intentions, he had this only
to say, that though a majority, and a very small
majority, had decided this question—and as a
southern man he had placed himself not on sec-
tional and abstract principles, but on principles
■which were calculated to maintain the rights of
this Union and of every portion of it—he trusted
all opposition would cease.
The majority, he repeated, was small, but it was
a small majority by which Texas was admitted
into this Union; and if there was a majority, it was
not for him to say how few or how many, but to
submit. He contended that he was'actuated by as
high, as independent, and as patriotic motives as
any gentleman in that body, be he from the South
or from the North. On such occasions, he knew
neither North nor South; he knew only this Union,
and he, though a southern man, would protect the
rights of the North, and not suffer them to be en-
croached upon, as ardently as he would protect
and support the rights of the South. He believed
on that floor he was a representative of the whole
American people. He was the representative of
the whole and of every portion of it. On all occa-
sions he would maintain that position, and he be-
lieved his people would sustain him in it, for they
are true to the Union.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. YCJLEE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the following resolution, re-
ported some days since by the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings:
Resolved, That a sum not exceeding $8,770 be expended,
out or the contingent fund of the Senate,'in completing the
system of ventilating and warming the Senate Chambei,
commenced and pioposed by John Skirvmg: Provide/I,
ko:ue>er. That the money shall be expended, and the woik
executed, under the direction of tile Secretary of the Sen-
ate.
Cries of" What is it?"
Mr. YULEE. It relates to the ventilation of the
Senate Chamber.
Cries of "No, no," from all quarters of the
Senate.
Mr. BENTON. I object to the taking up the
resolution, which, I understand, relates to venti-
lation. No, sir; no more ventilation! We have
quite wind enough, sir! Yes, sir; quite wind
enough!
Mr. DICKINSON. We shall not want any
more ventilation this session. I move, sir, to lay
the motion on the table, and to take up the bill
for the relief of William Hogan, administrator of
Michael Hogan, deceased. [This bill appropri-
ates about $16,000 to the claimant.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise, sir*to a question
of order. The Senator from New York is out of
order. It is out of order to make two motions to-
gether. The Senator from New York moves to
lay a motion on the table, and to take up a private
bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well! I will move to lay
the nsoium on the table.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, as I perceive the
sense of the Senate is so strong against my mo-
tion, I will withdraw it. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON. Now, sir, I move to take
up the bill for the relief of William Hogan, ad-
ministrator of Michael Hogan, deceased.
The motion was agreed to, and the Chair an-
nounced that the bill was before the Senate on its
passage.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the following joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives to add to
the joint rules of the two Houses:
e< After six days from the commencement of a second or
subsequent ses&ion of Congress, all bills, resolutions, or
reports, which originated in either Hou*e, and at the cktee
of the next preceding session remained undetermined in
either House, shall be resumed and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place."
The motion having been agreed to, the joint
resolution was taken up, and was considered and
passed.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the House bill to
liquidate certain claims therein mentioned; which
was considered and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, ihe bill from the
House for the relief of William Tnplett was then
taken up, considered, and passed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the bill from the
House in relation to military land warrants was
taken up, considered, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
Frederick Durrive; which was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments made by the
House of Representatives to the bill for the relief
of William B. Stokes; and they were considered
and concurred in.
The resolution which had been previously sub-
mitted by Mr. Mangum, relative to the payment
of officers, &c., was then taken up for considera-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON moved to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting a provision to pay the laborers
in the Capitol grounds the same as last session.
Mr. C. said, that while such a disposition was
manifested on all sides of the Senate to make ex-
travagant donations to all the persons who were
employed within the walls of the Capitol, be
thought it nothing but fair that the same generosity
should be extended to the workmen outside the
building. The laboring men, who were exposed
all day to the broiling sun, were surely as well de-
serving of extra compensation as those whose
duties were less arduous, and accompanied by less
risk. He asked for the yeas and nays on his mo-
iion. He was desirous to see who were the men
that would vote against the allowance of a little
gratuity to the workmen on the public grounds.
Mr. KING stated that when this motion was
formerly made he opposed it, because he thought
it was going too far. He had, however, subse-
quently made some inquiry on the subject. He
had ascertained that the pay of these laborers was
smaller than he had supposed; that they were paid
by the day; that what they received was barely
sufficient to supply them with the necessaries of
life; and if they were at any time detained from
their work by sickness or accident, even that little
pittance was stopped. He had also found that a
similar allowance had been made to those persons
at the last session. He desired to see all on the
same footing. He should, therefore, not only
withdraw his opposition, but he would willingly
vote for the amendment. At the same time, he
declared it to be his purpose to introduce, at the
next session, a system which would prevent any
injustice or inequality in dispensing the liberality
of the Senate.
At the suggestion of several Senators, Mr. CAM-
ERON withdrew his call for the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the resolution
by inserting an appropriation of $60 for the page,
James Moore; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the resolution by
inserting extra pay to James Smallwood and Mar-
tin Latruite; and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved to amend the resolution
■ by inserting an allowance to Mr. Isaac Holland, as
compensation for conveying the remains of the late
Chester Ashley to Arkansas; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the reso-
lution by inserting a provision to place the Senate
pages on the same footing, in relation to pay, with
the pages of the House; and the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then being on the amendment as
amended—
Mr. TURNEY inquired whether this resolution
was introduced with the sanction of any commit-
tee? He desired to know what was the amount
included in the resolution which was to be thus
distributed? Could the Chair give him the in-
formation ?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. TURNEY resumed. There was an extra
allowance to the Secretary of the Senate of §500.
Now, he wished to know why this was to be
given to the Secretary? Was it right to fix the
salary of an officer, and then to give him an extra
allowance of $1,000? What was the salary of the
Secretary?
The CHAIR. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. TURNEY. Three thousand dollars! This
was about equal to the salary of the heads of bu-
reaus. Well, there was an extra allowance of
$500 given at the close of the last session, and
j another of $500 now, making $4,000 in the whole
—a sum almost equal to the compensation of a
cabinet officer. This he considered an extrava-
gance which ought not to be tolerated. He dis-
claimed any intention to depreciate the Secretary.
He thought as highly of the Secretary as any
Senator did. But this was an extravagance not
to be thought of. He was opposed to it for two
reasons: in the first place, he thought $4,000 too
his:h a compensation; and, in the second place, as
other officers, who had not one-third the annual
compensation given to the Secretary, received only
asmallextraallowance, the ruleoperated unequally
j and unjustly. He desired that some principle
should be adopted which would secure justice to
all, and that we should no longer follow a course
by wh ich special favorites of Senators were lavish ly
rewarded, while others were treated with less lib-
erality.
He asked for the yeas and nays on the question,
and they were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said this was to be looked
upon as a general scramble, and he regarded it as
all wrong, from beginning to end. He had all
along been opposed to a system which opened the
door to abuse and extravagance. It had, how-
ever, been intimated by the Senator from Ala-
bama, that he would at the next session intro-
duce some measure which would put an end to the
present practice; and, relying on that promise, he
had determined now to give his vote in favor of
the resolution, but it would be for the last time.
The question was then taken on the amendment
as amended, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton,
Berrien, Borland, Cameron, Clarke, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote, Giecne, Hale,
H.imhn, l/annegan, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Lewis. Mangum, Ma>on, Metcalfe, Mil-
ler, Rusk, Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Upharn, Webster, YVesteort, and Yulee—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bradbury, Breese, Bright,
Feleh, Niles, and Turnev—7.
So the resolution was adopted in the following
form:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid from the con-
tingent tund to die Secietary of the Senate the Mini of$5< 0,
in consideiation of his increased responsibility inielation to
the funds appropriated and applied lor the Uf-e and service
ol the Senate for each se=sion of Congress, the last and pie-
sent.
That the laborers employed at the Capitol grounds be al-
lowed the same amount that was allowed them at the last
se>-ion.
That the sum of $R0 be allowed to James Moore.
That there be allowed to Isaac Holland the same amount
of compensation tor conveying the body of the Hon. Ches-
ter Ashley as wa« allowed to him in the case of the Hon.
Alexander Barrow.
That the pages ,of the Senate be allowed the same daily
pay as has been allowed to the pages of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the pie*ent -session.
That there be paid to James Smallwood and Martin Le-
truite, the mail bojs in the employment of the Senate, the
same dailv pav and extra compensation that is paid to the
paces of the Senate for the present session.
That there be allowed and paid to Thomas Clarke and
Benjamin Owens the same amount of daily pay and com-
pensation that is paid to the messengers, the pay to com-
mence with the present session of Congress.
That tbeSeigeant-at-aims continue in service the present
foice of mail carriers and folder* until he shall have com-
pinted the transmission by mail and otherwise of all the
books, public documents, and boxes now on hand belonging
to Senators; and that he also employ the same force at neh
times during the recess as may he necessary to ensure the
prompt folding and sending off such further documents as
may be delivered to him by the public printers for the use of
Senators.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House for the
relief of John P. B.Gratiot, and the legal represent-
