1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
atives of Henry Gratiot; and the bill was read a ',
third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, <
the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution •
authorizingthe Committee on Printing to sit during •
the recess; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com- '
mittee on Commerce, reported House bill making .
appropriations lor the improvement of certain
rivers and harbors, without amendment.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, t
the Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of a number of petitions,
memorials, and bills.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Committee :
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the various petitions, memorials,
&c., which had been committed to its charge.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee on Pensions was dischaiged from
the further consideration of the memorials and ,
petitions referred to its charge.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, at a quarter j
before twelve o'clock, the Senate proceeded to the :
consideration of executive business, and the doors ,
were not re-opened until after twelve; when
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that the House of Repre-
sentatives had adopted a resolution appointing a <
committee to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that the two Houses were
now ready to adjourn, and had appointed a com-
mittee on their part.
The resolution was adopted, and the Chair
appointed a committee on the part of the Sen-
ate.
Before any report was received from this com-
mittee,
The Senate adjourned. ;
LIST OF ACTS
Passed at the First Session of ifie Thirtieth Congress.
BILLS WHICH ORIGINATED IN THE SENATE.
An act for the relief of the heirs of John Paul
Jones.
An act for the relief of Joseph Wilson.
An act concerning certain collection districts, and
for other purposes.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for the
regulation of seamen on board the public and pri-
vate vessels of the United States," passed March
3, 1813.
An act authorizing persons to whom reservations
of land have been made under certain Indian trea- 1
ties to alienate the same in fee.
An act for the relief of the administratrix of 1
Elisha L. Kean, deceased.
An act providing for the payment of the claim ;
of Walter R. Johnson against the United States.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Fisher, deceased. I
An act supplementary to the act entitled "An '•
act to regulate the exercise of the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court in certain cases, and
for other purposes.'* ;■
An act to provide for the purchase of the manu-
script papers of the late James Madison, former
President of the United States. m
An act to provide clothing for volunteers in the '
service of the United States.
An act to provide additional Examiners in the /
Patent Office, and for other purposes.
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to j
the barque Canton. 1
An act for the relief of W. B. Slaughter, late .
Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin.
An act for the lehef of Charles L. Dell.
An act exempting vessels employed by the Amer- |
ican Colonization Society in tianspoitmg colored
emigrants from the United States to the coast of ,,
Africa from the provisions of the acts ot the 22d
of February and the 3d of March, 1847, regulating ■
the carriage of passengers in merchant vessels.
An act amending the act entitled "An act giant- j
iner half-pay to widows or orphans wheie their !
husbands and fathers have died of wounds received '
in the m.htary service of the United States, in cases -
of deceased officers and soldiers of the miluta and ,
volumeeis," passed July 4, 3846. >
An act in addition to an act for the relief of ;
Walter Loornis and Abel Uay, approved July 2, !
1836. ;
A n act to authorize the .settlement of the account i
of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
An act for the relief of Edward Bolon, !;
An act for the relief of Jones and Boker. i
An act for the relief of Richard Biossand others, j,
An act for the relief of Fernando Fellanny. j;
An act for the relief of Peter Engels, senior. |
An act for the relief of John Black, late consul jj
of the United States at the city of Mexico.  '
An act supplemental to the act passed on the 9th :
day of July, in the year 1846, entitled " An act to 1;
retrocede the county of Alexandria, in the District ;;
of Columbia, to the State of Virginia." -1
An act to provide for the compensation of Sam-
uel Leech for services in the investigation of sus- .
pended sales in the Mineral Point district, Wis- j
consin. j
An act for the relief of Thomas Browneli. j
An act to make attachments which are made :j
under process issuing from the courts of the Uni-
ted States conform to the laws regulating such at-
tachments in the courts of the States.
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native j
of the Cherokee nation. J
An act to require the holders of military land ;
warrants to compensate the land officers of the
United States for services in relation to the ioca- !
tion of those warrants.
An act for the relief of Oliver C. Harris. ;;
An act to provide additional quarters near to '
New Orleans for United States soldiers and volun-
teers returning from or going to the seat of war in 'j
Mexico.
An act for the relief of Reynolds May. . ;;
An act in amendment of an act entitled " An act t
to amend the act entitled * An act to reduce the
rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the ,
abuse of the flanking privilege, and for the preven- <
tton of fraud on the revenues of the Post Office ;j
Department,' " passed the 3d of March, 1845. !
An act to extend the provisions of existing pen- j!
ston laws to enlisted men of the ordnance corps of ,j
the United States army. ;i
An act to authorize the issuing a register or en- 1
rolment to the schooner Robert Henry. ,
An act to authorize the sale of a part of public .
reservation numbered thirteen, in the city of Wash- ,
mgton, and for other purposes.
An act concerning the courts of the United
States in and for the district of Michigan.
An act granting a pension to Patrick Walker.
An act to confirm to the legal representatives of
Joseph Dutaillis the location of a certain New
Madrid certificate.
An act to remit the duties on books, maps, and ■
chmt3 imported for the use of the Library of Con- ,
gress. _ '
An act for the relief of Alfred White,
An act for the reliefof the heirs of Moses White.
An act explanatory of the act entitled " An act
to raise for a limited time an additional military |
force, and for other purposes," approved 11th \
February, 1847. t1
An act for the relief of the bona fide settlers un-
der the acts for the armed occupation and settle-
ment of a part of the Territory of Florida.
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig Palmetto.
An act for the relief of the Society for the Re-
formation of Juvenile Delinquents in the city of
New Yoik.
An act to confirm the location and to grant a
quarter-section of public lands for the county site
of Hillsborough county, State of Florida.
An act for the relief of Christopher Cunningham. ,
An act for the relief of Jose Aigote Villabos, 1
Marie Rose,Fr?ngois Felix, Marquis deFougeres,
or their heirs or legal representatiN es.
An act respecting certain surveys in the State of
Florida.
An act for the relief of the Central Railroad and
Banking Company of Georgia.
An act extending privileges to American vessels
engaged m a certain mentioned trade, and for other
purposes.
An act renewing certain naval pensions, and ex-
tending the benefits of existing laws respecting ;
naval pensions to engineers, firemen, and coal-
heavers in the nnvy, and to their widows. ;
An act concerning Spanish steam vessels.
An act to revive an act authorizing certain sol-
dieis m the lute war with Great Britain to surren-
der the bounty lands drawn by them, and to locate
othars m lieu thereof.
An act to make Bangor a port of entry for ships
or vessels coming from and beyond the Cape of
Good Hope.
An act to extend an act entitled "An act pro-
viding for the adjustment of all suspended preemp-
tion land claims in the several States and Territo-
ries," approved August 3, 1846.
An act for the payment of liquidated claims
against Mexico.
An act to change the time of holding the circuit
and district courts in the State of Kentucky.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make a compromise and settlement with the
securities of Francis D. Newcomb, late surveyor
general of the State of Louisiana.
An act to change the time of holding the terms
of the circuit court of the United States in the dis-
trict of Maine.
An act to carry into effect certain provisions in
the treaties between the United States and China
and the Ottoman Porte, giving judicial powers to
ministers and consuls of the United States in those
countries.
An act for the relief of David N. Smith.
An act for the relief of Gustavus Dorr.
An act for the relief of Chanty Herrington.
An act concerning the Pay Department of the
army.
An act giving effect to certain treaty stipulations
between this and foreign Governments, for the ap-
prehension and delivery up of certain offenders.
.An act in relation to the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States in and for the
district of New Jersey.
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, dbc., and providing for the erec-
tion and establishment of the same.
An act authorizing the payment of a sum of
money to Robert Purkis.
An act for the relief of Millidge GaJphin, exec-
utor of the last will and testament of George Gal-
phin, deceased.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Pistole, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased.
An act for the relief of Jesse Turner.
An act granting a pension to Abigail Garland,
widow of Jacob Garland, deceased.
An act for the relief of Purser Benjamin J. Ca-
hoone.
An act for the relief of Messrs. Cook, Anthony,
Mahony, and others.
An act for the relief of Anna J. Hassler.
An act for the relief of Welcome Parmenter.
An act for the relief of David Currier.
An act for the relief of Benjamin Adams and
Company, and others.
An act granting a pension to John Clark.
An act for the payment of Charles Richmond.
An act for the relief of Charles M. Gibson. *
An act for the relief of D. A. Watterston.
An aci for the relief of Mary Taylor.
An act for the lelief of David Wilkinson.
An act for the payment of the fourth regiment
in the ^cond brigade of the third dnision of the
Veimont militia for their services at the battle of
Plattsburg.
An act for the relief of Samuel Grice.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas J. V. Owen, deceased.
An act to compensate R. M. Johnson for the
erection of certain buildings for the use of the
Choctaw Academy.
An aet for the relief of John Lorimer Graham,
late postmaster in the city of New York.
An act for the relief of William B. Stokes.
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines, of the brig
of war Somers.
An act supplementary to an act to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims there-
in mentioned, passed 18th of April, 1814.
An act for the relief of Ward and Smith.
An act for the relief of George V. Mitchell.
An act for the relief of Jaints M. Scainland.
BILLS WHICH ORIGINATED IN THE HOUSE,
An act to annex that part of the State of Indi-
ana bordering on Lake Michigan to the Chicago
collection district.
An act for dividing the State of Georgia into
two judicial districts, and organizing and estab-
lishing an additional district court of the United
States with circuit court powers and jurisdiction.
An act for the relief of B. 0. Tayloe,
