34_______________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                      December 12,
and that it be considered at this time; which mo-
tion was agreed to, and the motion to refer the
resolution was reconsidered and rejected.
The PRESIDENT observed, m reply to a sug-
gestion of Mr. D. that the resolution would now
come up m its regular order.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which had been referred the bill to amend
the actentitled " An act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States,"repoited
the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, the bill to pre-
vent the countei teiting ot foreign copper, gold, and
The PRESIDENT presented a memorial of a    sllve',coms> a"dot0 prohibit the bringing the same
number of citizens of Alabama, praying that rec
ords of the surveys of the public lands may be
preserved at the district land ofhce; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MnMcKEAN presented the petition of John
Midwinter, praymg foi a pension, m considera-
tion of services rendeicd during the last wai;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. PRESTON presented the memorial of Mrs.
Harriet Baker; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr, SMITH, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of James Logan, and others, asking for
a modification of the pension law, which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of citi-
zens of the counties of Yalobusha and Choctaw,
in the State of Mississippi, for the establishment
of a post route from Coffeeville, m Yalobusha
county, through Graysport, to Bellefontaine, in
the county of Choctaw; which petition was rr-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HUBB'IRD, the petition and
papers, of Amasa C. Brown, on the files of the
last session, together with some additional <vi-
derjee, were refeired to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the ex-
ecutor of Thomas Griffin, of the levolutionary
army, asking for the commutation of the deceased,
which was referred to the Committi e on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant John Goggan
and Ensign Roben Walker, of the revoUuiotmiy
army, asking for commutation pay; winch wai
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Commodore David Portei, asking, for reasons
therein stated, and very foicibly stated, for the
arrearages of hia pensión; which was lefeued to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of True-
man Hastings and otheis, playing tint post
offices may not be eompellid to iem.nn open on !
Sundays; which was. it lei i ed to the Committee on '
the Post Office and Pou Roads
Mr. PULTON presented the mcmoiial of the
Legislature of the State of Arkansas, asking that
the franking privilege may be extended to the
Governors of States; which was refeired to the
Committee on the Pott Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Mount Carmel and New Albany Railroad Com-
pany, for the right of way thiough the public !
lands, and a donation of land to aid said company;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. RIVES piosontod a memotml signed by
numerous smgeonfc in the Navy, piaymg an alter-
ation in their pay, which was refened tothe Com-
mittee On Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed   1
On motion of Mi WALL, the petition and pa-
pers of John H. Macintosh, on the files oí the
last session were again refened to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Josephine
Nourse, widow of Dr. Benjamin Notice, a stu-
geon in the Army, asking for the half pay of the I
deceased; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.                                                    i
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.               !
Mr. HUBBARD from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the bill for
the relief of William East, reported the same with -
out amendment, accompanied by a report- which
was ordered to be primed.
Mr. LYON, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which had been referred a bill makin 
appropriations for the completion of certain roads
begun by the United States m the State of Michi-
gan, reported the same without amendment.
into the United States, without amendment.
Mr TIPTON", from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred the reso-
lution of the Senate on the sub]ect, reported a bill
making an appiopnation for the continuation of
the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois; which was read, and ordeiedto
a second reading.
Mr WALL, from the same committee, also
repoited the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct
ed to coinmunicaie tu ttie faénate the sum ot money paid
out oi the Tn isurv under private appropriations made, or
private bill-, passed by Congress since the first Monday m
December, ibJi, distinguishim; the amount the not madeat
each set-ion ot Congress dining the «aid period, and the
person-* to whom and loi what purpose paid; and also what
sums, it anj, remain unpaid
Which was adopted.
LIBRARY OP CONGRESS.
Mr. ROBBINS offeied a resolution that the
Senate appoint a committee, to act with the
House committee, to supeiintend the expenditute
of mom ys .tppropiialed for the hbiary of Con-
gress; which was adopt! d.
In aecoidance with the tesoltition, the PRESI-
DENT appointed Messts. Robbins, Allen, and
Win as said committee on the pint of the
Senate.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. McICEAN offered the following icsolu-
tion; which was adopted:
Risolied, Thu the Cominitte'c on Naval Aflairs be'in
j structed in mquiic into the evpedieiieyot m iking an allow
anee lor house rent to the on  era ot the n-uj yard at Plul
1   adelplna
'       Ml    PULTON offered the followius
i Hon; which was adopted-
I     Knohcl, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
I! to Inquire into the ( xptiheiny ot unking an appropriation
l( to enable the feeeietary ot Wai |o continue the sc rvice ot a
suilahle boat and en vv to be i mployi d m pr< vi nuns the
lorinatioii of a raft in lied river, in thai put of sud river
from winch the old rait has been k moved
Mr. WALKER oficred the following lesolu-
tton; which was agreed to:
liesoli «/, That the Secretary of the Treasury ne directed
to «port to the bi n no, at as early a period as practicable,
the number ol snpctiu nl lores within each ot the btates
ol Al ibama and Mississippi, mbra< ed in the treaty at Dane-
ni|5 Kabbit ereek with the Oboe taw Indians, designan " in
«aid n port what quantity ol said land ln each 01 said States
li.ts bei n surveyed, wh-itqu unity still i em ¿tut, unsurveyed
what poition bus been ottered at public sale, how much lias
been bold, and what quantity is now subject to entry at
prnato sale in ea< h of said States
Mr.TIPTON offeied the following lesolulion;
which was agreed to:
Unolud, That tin Secreta, y of the Treasury be directtd
to tinnsmit to tin Señale a plat ol the townships of public
intl through which the line ol i ioiiI Irom New Albany
< iirjdiiii. I ledonn, and I'rmci ton. Indiana, to Mount Cai-
inil   Illinois, will pass. distinSuislim,{ In tvveen the tr « ts ot
.........."""S unsold anitihosi which have been sold, and
.....   iv miles ol said road
resolu-
I tnd i
situutd within
Mi. YOUNG submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied and adopted:
ücwli cd, That the Seeretiry of the Treasury be directed
to npoit to the ¡senate whether certain txilesfiom Poland
to whom i (¡i mt ot tlnrtv-iY. s< ctions of land vva, made bv
he it tot ( ontrressof J„ne  , 18 M, upon certain condi
tioiiscipnssed in stud act, have complied with the condi-
tions , and ii not, win ther the said «rant will be considertd
is toi luted bvthi LHparlrnent, and the lands' selected by
heir agent on the waters of Rock river, in the Stale of I|
linen, subject to sale and . ntry as other public lands, with-
out further iegislanon on till subject
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RIVES, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, intioduced a bill legulating the pay of
masters in the Navy, which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affans.
Mr. McKEAN, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to continue in force
an act entitled " An act to provide for the relief
of persons disabled by known wounds durm  the
war "                                                                  °
Mr. PULTON, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a joint resolution to au-
thorize an examination and payment of the claims i
of the workmen on the public buildings; which
was read twice, and refened to the Committee on
the Public Buildings.
I     Mr. DAVIS, on leave, and in pursuance ot
l notice given, mtioduced a bill foi   the  ulief of
the owners of the bug Despatch, which was lead
I twice, and íeferred to the Committee on Cora-
I metce.
! Also, a bill to remunerate the captois of the
privateer Lydia; which was also read twice, and
refened to the same committee.
Mr. DAVIS, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to piovido foi the
final settlement and payment of the claims of
States upon the United States for inteii st upon
advances made by them during the last wai with
Great Bntam; which was lead twice, and íe-
fened.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, mtioduced a bill to settle the title to
a certain tract of land in Aikansas.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, on leave, introduced
the following bills:
I A bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the
two per cent, fund leserved to that State by the
act providing for her admission into the Union
to be applied to the making of loads leading to
said State; which was read twice, and refened
A bill for the benefit of the Alabama, Florida,
and Georgia Railroad Company; and
A bill for the benefit of the Selma and Tennes-
see Railioad Company.
The last two, aftci being read twice, were re
feired to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YOUNG, on leave, and in puisuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to authonze the
Piesident of the United States to cause the re-
served lead mines in Illinois, and the Territories,
of Wisconsin and Iowa to be sold as other public
lands; which was read twice, and lefened.
Mr. YOUNG also, on leave,and in pursuance
of notice given, mtioduced a oill gtanting to the
State of Illinois the right of way through the pub-
lic lands, and foi othei purposes, which was, read
twice, and uferied.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mi. RUGGLES gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the lehef
of Daniel Bates.
Mr. ROANE gave notice that to-moirow he.
would ask leave to introduce a joint íesolution,
dtiecttng the manner in which ceitain laws of the
District of Columbia shall be executed.
Mi. PRESTON gave notice that he would to-
monow ask leave to bung m a bill to legulate the
pay of brevet officers.
The joint resolution presenting the thanks of
Congress to George W. Lafayette, the son, and
the surviving family of Geneial Lafayette, was
taken up, consideied, and adopted.
ORDERS  OF THE DAY.
The bill to provide for the reduction and grad-
uation of the puce of the public lands was taken
up as the oidei of the clay.
Mi. WALKER observed that when the amend-
ment offeied by the Committee on Public Lands,
striking out the icduction of fifty cents, should be
adopted, the bill would be precisely the same a?
the one which was so fully discussed at the last
session, and passed by so large a majority. As
this was the short session, it was neoessaty that
this measure, so impoitant to the citizens of the
new States, should be acted on speedily in this
House, if there was any hope of a final decision
on n by both Houses. He hoped, theiefore, that
there would be no objection to acting on the bill,
now that it had been reached in the ordeis of the
day.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, said that the gentle-
man from Mississippi had correctly stated the
character of the bill and the proposed amendment.
It was precisely m the form of the present bill
that the one of last session was introduced, and
asimilaramendmentwas adopted before it passed,
tie had hoped, when he introduced this bill, that
as he reduction of fifty cents an acre only applied
to lands that had been offered for fifteen y« ats at
the minimum price of «,1 95 an acre, and then for
one year, at one dollai, and after that, for another
year, at seventy-ihe cents, considering, he s-id,
the length of time that these lands must nave
been in the market before this reduction would
