THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
25th Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1838
VOL. 7....No. 3.
the adoption of Mr. Atherton's resolutions any
further excitement should have sprung up in that
House. He had been of opinion that, under these
resolutions, they could have got on quietly and
tranquilly during the rest of the session, and he
believed eveiy person acquiesced in them. He
believed every man in the slaveholding States,
with the exception of a few fanatics------
The SPEAKER arrested Mr R. as tiansgress-
ing the limits of the question of order.
Mr. RIVES would cheerfully yield submission
to the Chair. Then, (continued Mr. R.,) the gen-
tleman who made this appeal himself coneuned
with the Speakei, and why, then, persist init>
He ought not to have made it.
Mr. R.'s conviction was that the Chan ought
to be sustained, and Ins impiession was that the
only way by which the gentleman could have at-
tained his object, was by a direct motion to reject,
and not to have brought up the subject of resolu-
tions already adopted. Mr. R. hoped the yeas
and nays would be ordered, and in voting he
would endeavor to set his colleague an example,
by responding when his name was called.
Mr. PICKENS maintained that there was a
wide distinction between the present resolution of
order and those adopted in former years. He
differed with Mr. Wise in his view of it, contend-
ing that the words " without further action
thereon," created this distinction, and left the
question of reception untouched. There was even
a still pnoi preliminary question, uniformly acted
on in the Butish Parliament, from which their
lex pmhamentmw was derived, but which had
been left unnoticed by Mr. Jefferson—the leave
to piesent That was the first question, and then
came the question of reception. The member
holding the paper makes no motion to that effect,
but the Chair was bound to present the question
to the House for its decision.
The gentleman from Virginia had alluded to a
compact. Mr P. could assure the gentleman that
he had consulted no man, in or out of the House,
but his own colleagues
Mr P. then briefly recapitulated the course
before taken by the House, and insisted that the
question of rejection was never decided according
to strict parliamentary usage. It was left in abey-
ince, for when it was íaiscd it was immediately
followed up by a motion to lay on the table, and
thus the whole matter was disposed of. Heagieed
With the gentleman from Vnginia that the ques-
tion of reception was one of vital impoitance to
the South, and one which he would nevei sur-
render. The clause he had refened to pieserved
that question, and but for that he should not have
voted for Mr Atherton's resolutions
_ Mr. ROBERTSON had voted for that resolu-
tion with the impression that it did noi conclude
the question of reception, but left it open in the
event that " fuither action" should be proposed
on these petitions. He thought the Cliau light
in deciding that the question of reception could
not now be entertained, but that the inemoiials
must go on the table. But if the House should
decide on further action on them, would the Chair
consider it precluded from raising the question
of reception >
The SPEAKER said it had not so decided.
When that question should come up, it would be
time enough to decide it.
Mr. ROBERTSON expressed himself satisfied
with that view of the point, concumng, as ltdid,
with his own.
Mr. GLASCOCK agreed with Mr. Wise m his
motion, and was also of opinion that the con-
sti uction given to Mr. Atiieri on 's resolution by
the Chair, wag in stuct conformity not only with
its own obvious meaning, but according to the
spirit and intent of the whole of the other similar
resolutions. In looking at this resolution, tt will
be found that all memorials, &c, on the subject
of slavery, or abolition, &c, shall be laid on the
taole without being printed, referred, or any fur-
ther action thereon. Now when that resolution
was presented for consideration, he took the same
3     "
position he had always maintained on questions
of this kind before, and declined voting upon rt,
one way or the other, until he could examine and
judge for himself whether it could bear such a
construction as to recognize the reception of pe-
titions He believed it did admit of that con-
struction, and therein he differed with his friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens.] It seemed
to Mr. G. that when a petition was presented,
and then ordered to lie on the table, it was, to all
intents and purposes, ipso facto received. The
act of disposing of a paper after presentation,
presupposed its reception by the body making a
disposition of it. Any othei constiuction would
be to lendei the resolution itself a mere nullity
This seemed to him one of the plainest propo-
sitions ever presented to a deliberative assembly.
The laying on the table was no preliminary stage,
but a final disposition of the subject, or tanta-
mount to it, because no further action could be
had theieon but by a suspension of the rules.
No disposition could be made of a subject unless
it was in the possession of the House; and to be
in their possession, it must have been ieceived.
He contended that the resolution would have
boine this constiuction without the words " fur-
ther action," which necessarily implied previous
action, but those woid<3 put it beyond doubt.
He refused to vote for Mr Pivckney's resolu-
tion because it recognized the leception of peti-
tions, and he had declined voting for Mr. Ather-
ton's on the same giound
Mr CRAIG considered Mt.Wise's ground to
be the true one, viz that the presentation of a pe-
tition, which presentation resulted m its being
laid on the table, was in effect, to put that petition
in pofihtssion of the House, for he was at a loss
to perceive how it could get there without being
received. Still, howevei, lie denied, tntorcelo, that
it was a concession to the petitioners of their light
to petition. It was, on the contrary, a vntual
denial of their light, and a rejection of then me-
morial. If he understood the Speaker's decision
rightly, it was this: that when a petition gets on
the table, the question of its reception cannot be
raised, because pro tanto it is already received and
disposed of, and that decision he should sustain.
Mr. TAYLOR, íemarking that the case ap-
peared to him to be too clear even to allow room
foi an aigument against it,demanded the previous
question, which was seconded, 99 to 62, and the
main qu¡ stion ordered, put, and earned—yeas
18.">, nays 6, as follows:
VF\>— Wessi- John W \llen, Anderson, Andrews,
AUicrton, Ajcmíí-í, Banks, Beattv, Beeis, Beirut, Bell,
Ricknell Riddle, Birds ill, Bond. Boulilm, Bnggs Biodhead,
ííronsoii Bucfi man, Bjnum, John Oilhooii, Oambreleng,
Jolm Campbell, William B C tinpbeil, Casij, Chaney,
Chapman, Cheatham, C iaik, Í ieveland, Llownej, Oofiin,
Coles, Connoi, Corvuit, Ciaig, Crarj, Cranston, Curtis,
fuelling Cushman, Darlington Dawson, Davee. Davies,
JQi birrj. De Giaff, Diomgoole, Dunn, Elmore, Evans Ev
erett, Earnngton, Fairheld. t<- nc Fit tt tier Tillmurt, Tos
tei, try, Gallup, James Garland, Giddmgs,Gliscoek Goodi,
Junes Giahdm, Willi tm Graham. Granlland. Grant, Grav,
Grennell, Griffin, II tle\, Hal-tead, Hammond Hamcr, Hlr
nson, Harper, tiawes H iwkins, Hiynes, il< nn, Herod,
Holt, Hopkins Hovvaid Ilublev William H Hunter, ing
ham, Tilomas 13 Jackson, Jdbe*; Jackson, Utnrj Johnson,
Joseph. Johnson, Wilhtin C Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
Jolm W Jones, Keini, Ketnble, Kennidv. Klingenfannth,
Legare Leadbetttr, Lewis Lincoln I.oomts, Lyon, bai-
lor} , Marvin, James ¡VI Mason, Sampson M ison, ¡Viartin,
Maui\, Mu, "Maxwell, Mclvay, Robert McClellan, tbra
ham McCIelían, McChlK , McLennan Monefee, Mercer,
Milligan, Montgomery, Moore Morgan, Stmue! \\ Mor-
ris, Caivarv Morris, Murray, Navlor, Noble. Noyes, Ogle,
Parker, Parmeuter, Pirns, Paynter, Pearce,Peck,Pickens
Plumer, Potts, Pratt, Putnam, Randolph, Reed Reilv,
Hhetr Ridgwat, Rives,Robertson. Robinson, Russell, Saw
yer, Sbefler, Augustine H bhepperd, Charles Shepaid,
Shields, Sheploi, &iblev,Snyder Soutligate, Spencer,Stu-
art, "samie,Stralton,Sweanngen Taliaierro.Taylor,Thom-
as, Tillmghast, Titus, Toland Toucev, Turney Under-
wood, Vail, Vandevcer, Wageuer, Wehster, Albert 15
White. John White, Whittlesey Sherrvti Williams, Jared
W Williams. Jost ph L  Williams, Yell and Yorke—185
f A y ¡3— Messrs Carter, Chambers, Crockett, Pope,
Christopher H  Williams, and Word—6
Mr. ADAMS, when his name was called, said:
I refuse to answer, considering all the resolu-
tions------
The SPEAKER called Mr. A. to order.
Mr. ADAMS. Considering all the resolutions
as unconstitutional------
The SPEAKER again interposed, and re-
quested the gentleman from Massachusetts to
take his seat.
Mr. ADAMS. A violation of the Constitution
of the United States.
These words were thrown out by Mr. A.
amidst much tumult, and very loud cries for
" order," in the course of which,
The SPEAKER called on the House to aid him.
Something like silence having been restored,
Mr. THOMPSON desired to know what aid
the Speaker wished >
Mr Adams having, m the interim, resumed
his seat,
The SPEAKER replied, none at all.
The Clerk then proceeded with the roll, and,
the name of Mi. Wise having been called, that
gentleman rose and refused to vote.
Mr. MERCER, on leave, submitted a resolu-
tion; which was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tbat all petitions and memorials presentid to
tins Hou^e at the regular session of Congress, and referred
to the several standing committees, on which no report was
made, or in relation to which bills were reported, may be
again referred to the same committees, at the pleasure of
the members by whom they were respectively presentes,
on being handed, or a list thereof presented, to the Clerk.
Mr. T0RNEY moved to amend the resolution
by inserting after the word " memorial," the
words " papers and resolutions;" which was
disagreed to
Mi. LOOMIS proposed to amend the resolu-
tion by adding after the word "House," the
words " for want of action thereon," and, after
a conversation m which Messrs LOOM IS, GAR-
LAND of Virginia, and ADAMS partook, the
amendment was disagreed to
Mr. MERCER then modified his resolution so
as to read " last " instead of " legular" session.
Mr. HARLAN moved that the resolution lie
upon the table; winch motion was notagreed to.
The íesolution, as modified by the mover, was
then agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion uf Mi. TAYLOR, it was
Resolved, That when the House adjourns to day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. ELMORE, sundry private
bills from the Senate were taken up and referred.
JOINT LIBRARY COMMITTEE.
The House took up and concurred in the reso-
lution fiom the Senate for the appointment of a
Joint Librai y Committee, and ordered a commit-
tee of three to be appointed on its part.
HALF-PAY PENSIONS.
Mr WHITTLESEY, on leave, presented the
following íesolution; which was agreed to:
Resolieá,Tlnt the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the act passed the 7th day of July, IS38, entitled ■< An act
gr imuiK half pay and pensions to certain widows," so that
the benefits thereof mas not be withheld fiom «aid Widows
for having m.irned after the decease of ihe husband for
whose services she may claim to be allowed a pension, if
she would otherwise be entitled thereto.
On motion of Mr. BOULDIN, the House
adjourned.
The following gentlemen compose the select
committee on steam-engines: Messis. Sergeant,
Hamer, Campbell of South Caiolina, Phelps,
Menees.*., Yell, and Bokden.
IN SENATE
Monday, December 17, 1838
The PRESIDENT presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Tieasuiy, transmitting
a report from the Fifth Auditor in reference to
the erection of light-houses, buoys, &c.,m cojn-
