38
TtíT CÓNGIlllSSfOKAi; G&0ÍB&
December Y7S
stitutión and the laws, to decide between the two
sets of claimants.
Then 1 state, as another fact, (for I will not
enter into detail,) that these men, and others who
prevented the returns and imposed upon the Le-
gislature the necessity of deciding the matter, pro-
ceeded to Harrisburg for the purpose of declaring
that the Legislature should nut decide this matter;
that they drove the Speaker from the chair, called
aloud for the blood of individual members by
name, and threatened the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania, who has been stigmatized here (for, I sup-
pose that the gentleman who made use of the term
intended it as a stigma) as being an Antimason
and a Federalist. There was no government.
Por the space of nearly a week the Executive of
Pennsylvania could not get to the Executive
Chamber. The members of the Legislature could
not get to their seats; thf doors were closed against
them, and only the favored few, whom these men
thought proper to admit, were admitted. Under
these circumstances, I suppose, for I know noth-
ing about it, the Executive of Pennsylvania called
on the Executive of the United States to interfere;
and for doing this, he has been stigmatized in the
ranting tirade to which we have listened, from
my colleague, [Mr. Petbikw,] who, I blush to
own it, has openly encouraged this resistance to
law, and publicly gloried in the outrages which I
feel have so deeply disgraced Pennsylvania.          II
Now, I ask if the Governor of Pennsylvania ||
could not call to his aid the militia of the State,  I
when threatened by a revolutionary movement on  ¡
the part of a mob, when the sheriff of the county jj
and some of the civil authorities had united with i¡
that mob, to arrest the Governor in the execution ¡|
of the laws and in the performance of his func- ¡j
tions, what would have been the situation of [|
Pennsylvania?   She would have been without a ¡i
government and without officers, at least for all
the legitimate purposes for which offices are cre-
ated.   And if those men were, in truth, the people
of Pennsylvania, acting m conformity wiih the
Constitution andlaws, as my colleague [Mr. Pe-
tiujun] contends, where is the law, where ia the
article of the Constitution which justifies their
proceedings?   Who was to hold the reins of the
government of Pennsylvania?   Who was to sit
in the courts?   Who was to summon the jurors?
Who was to make arrests ?   Who was to perform I
the ten thousand duties which were to be per- |
formed in that county and throughout the State
of Pennsylvania, when these individuals rushed j
in and possessed themselves of all the authority ?
Which one of them was to be chief?    How weie
their commands to  be issued  to the people of
Pennsylvania5 and who  were to execute their
commands?    Can these questions be answered
by those who maintain that the people in their
majesty were constitutionally and legally there
exercising their authorities ?   The majesty of the
Democracy of Pennsylvania! says the gentleman.
To what a puny body lias the gentleman reduced
the great Democracy of Pennsylvania, (of which
1 am one,) when he has thus consented to encaje
them oil in the narrow confines of the legislative
ehambers of the capitol of the Slate !
The Governor of Pennsylvania may probably
have acted indiscreetly (I do not assert that he
has) in calling upon the General Government for
aid, if he has done so. The Speaker of the Sen-
ate may have acted indiscreetly m retiring before
the mob. The members of the Legislature may
have done wrong in vacating their seats and re-
treating before the storm of popular rage and
popular fury. For myself, I say, if I had been
a member, I would have stood at my post, fear-
less of all consequences, and will now tell those
who have thus threatened me, that my seat in
this Hall shall bo maintained, in defiance of all
their stormy terrors!
Mr. WHITTLESEY called Mr. Natlor to
order; and was remarking on the amount of busi- ,
ness which lay before the House, and the num-
ber of petitions which other gentlemen had to
piesent, when he was himself called to order by
many voices.
Mr. NAYLOR. It is not I who have con-
sumed the time of the House. 1 am ready and
anxious to apply myself to the business which
lies before it. 1 am ever ready to work. Who
introduced this resolution? Did I? Was it 1
who made the motion to suspend the rules for its
introduction;   And did I demand the yes a and
nays ? The inquiry came from an extraordinary
part of the House. We had an inquiry moved
the other day from a gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] and I appeal to that gentle-
man to say whether he had found the Adminis-
tration party willing to join him in sustaining Ms
inquiry? No, sir; that was an inquiry which
the country demanded, and which would expose
to the light of day the doings of those in high
places connected with the General Government.
That inquiry was smothered !
Mr. HOPKINS here called Mr. Naylor to
order.
Mr. NAYLOR. I was interrupted and appealed
to by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Whittlesey,] who sustained his appeal by an
argument addressed to me. All this was in order
and proper, I suppose. But the moment I attempt
to make a reply to that appeal, the moment my
lips are open to vindicate myself, I am out of or-
der.    What kind of justice is this?
The SPEAKER said it was not in order. The
gentleman must confine his remarks to the ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. NAYLOR. I will say no more. I should
have liked, for the sake of the country, to have
told the truth and the whole truth of this disgrace-
ful disturbance! In doing which, I would have
favored no party. I would have told the naked
truth! Hut, sir, you would not sutler me. You
will have inquiry sometimes—yes, you will have
inquiry—but, then, the inquiry must be partial,
all on one side I You will ask for information—
but you want information all in your favor. I
asked to tell the whole story, and I was gagged.
This House, or at Ieasta portion of it" hates the
light bpcause its deeds are evil."
Here Mr. Naylor was loudly called to order.
Mr. BRONSON moved the previous question;
but the House refused to second the motion.
Mr. PETRIKIN again rose, not ho said, to
make a speech, but to explain and correct some
things which his colleague [Mr. Naylor] had
asserted as having been stated by him when first
he addressed the House. Mr. P. said it was not
true that he had used the term " BiddkUes," nor
had he connected the name of Mr. Nicholas Bid-
die with this matter, in anyway, directly or in-
directly, lie also said that it was not true, that
he used any abusive language towards the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, as an individual, nor of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania. Personally, he
hud nothing to do with the former, and for the
latter, as a body> he had the highestrespect. His
intention was to speak of Governor Ritner only
in connection with his party, and to reprobate
the attempt made by him and his partisans to
usurp the Government of Pennsylvania, and to
expose their acts of usurpation and tyranny. If
he was understood by any to have used language,
other than what he now stated he did, he dis-
claimed it, as he did all intention of personality
towards the Governor in his individual capacity.
Mr. P. observed that he felt inclined to take
some notice of his colleague's [Mr. Naylor's]
egotistical remarks, and boasting of the deeds of
his ancestors, but he supposed this course would
be a breach of order, and ho would decline.
Mr. PRY said that, after the indulgence given
by the House, with a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the resolutions now pending,
he did not feelhimself authorized to consume any
of the time of the House in prolonging the dis-
cussion; he would .however, state to his respected"
colleague [Mr. Biddle]  that he did introduce
these resolutions, not for political effect, as ho had
intimated, but for purposes which he would now,
as he felt in duty bound, state to tho House.
Mr. P. said a state of affairs now existed in
Pennsylvania, which he deeply regretted. For
several days past various rumors had been in cir-
culation; among the rest, it was rumored that the
Governor of Pennsylvania had made a call upon
the President of the United States for an armed
force to march to Pennsylvania; another rumor
has been, that munitions of war, of some kind,
had been given, by an officer under the United
States Government, to General Patterson's brig-
ade. Whether these rumors be true or not, he
did not know; but he considered it a matter vi-
tally important to the people of Pennsylvania
that, whatever may be the truth of these rumors',
they should be informed of it; they have a right
to know it, and it. was in behalf of the people of
Pennsylvania that he sought the information, and
not for himself—not forpolitical effect. He under-
stood from his colleague that there would be no
opposition to this resolution from any quarter.
He should, therefore, take his seat and await thev
speedy action of the House upon the matter.
Mr. McKENNAN said he had voted against
the suspension of the rules for the introduction of
the resolution of his colleague, because he could
see no good or beneficial purposes to be answered
by the call, and because he feared that the dis-
cussion here would be calculated to arouse feel-
ings that, as a Pennsylvanian, and as a lover of
peace and good order, he did not wish to see in-
dulged. He regretted that the resolution had
been offered. Scenes which were outrageous and
disgraceful had, he blushed to say, been enacted
in the capitol of his state; outrages which had in-
flicted a stain deep and indelible upon the charac-
ter of a community who had hitherto been dis-
tinguished for their love of peace, of order, and
of law. He wished that the recollection of the
violence and outbreakings of a reckless and infu-
riated mob, which had set all law at defiance, and
had invaded the sanctity of the Senate chamber,
and, by their threats of violence and blood, had
driven from their seats the representatives of the
people, should not be kept alive by anything said
or done here. He thought that the resolution of
his colleague, couched in the language in which
it was, (whatever might be his intention in mov-
ing it,) was calculated to fan the flame which he
had hoped was nearly extinguished, and to keep
up that spirit which had already too much dis-
graced Pennsylvania as a State. He hoped that
the facts connected with those revolutionary and
insurrectional movements which have for some
time been of absorbing interest, and have diiected
the anxious eyes of the people of the whole coun-
try to the first appalling attempt to overawe the
Legislature of a State in the discharge of then-le-
gitimate and constitutional duties, mightbe buried
in oblivion. They reflected no credit upon the
party with which his colleague who offered the
resolution was associated, and he was willing to
forget, as soon as possible, the lawless violence
which had been countenanced, encouraged, and
promoted by many in that party—in which some
of the officers of the Geneial Government had par-
ticipated , and which, if it had not been for the dis-
creet, unbending, and persevering firmness of the
Executive of the State, would have inflicted a
blow upon the permanency of our republican in-
stitutions.which would have been felt from Maine
to Georgia. Happily for the perpetuity of those
institutions, although the threats of a ruthless
band of ruffians had, for a time, interrupted the
regular course of legislation in the Senate cham-
ber, and of business in the executive offices, the
prudent and firm exercise of the power invested
in him by the constitution and law had put to
flight those disturbances of the peace, and thus
tho fatal blow had been warded off.
He said he could not hear the remarks of his
colleague, {Mr. Petrikin,] which were delivered
in so low a tone as to be almost inaudible from
his seat; but if they were conceived in that same
spirit which actuated a lawless and infuriated mob
to trample under foot the law and the Constitu-
tion, (and, judging from his gesticulation, and
the little he could gather as it grated upon his ear,
he believed those remarks to have that tendencv,)
be did not regret that they had been lost. The
promulgation of such principles, and the indul-
gence of such feelings, were calculated neither to
benefit or enlighten the House, nor to do good to
the country. He understood him to cast his cen-
sure upon the Governor for calling to his aid, in
the support of the laws, the militia of the Com-
monwealth , and reflected upon him for doing what
was his duty—his imperious duty.
_ Mr. McK. said he was not going into an exam-
ination of the facts or the law relative to the titles
to the contested seats in the Senate of Pennsylva-
nia. The rules of the House, as well as his own
inclination, forbade his entering into thatinquirv.
It was enough for him to know, and it was enough
tor the Governor of the State to know, that the
law had been set at defiance—that the sanctity of
the Senate chamber had been invaded, the lives
of its members threatened, and that revolution had
commenced. Under such circumstances, he would
have been derelict in duty, if he had not put into
requisition all the power vested in him by the
