44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
eysteni of raising the public rnoney, anU then
spending it. He was not prepared to say whether
this was a question of public faith i but, at all
events, there ought to be an inquiry into the pro-
piiety of making the expenditure. He would
not, however, have troubled the Senate at this
late period of the day, but for the purpose of1
bringing to light some facts very appropriate at
this time, when economy and retrenchment had
been so much spoken of. At the last session he
had the honor to say, in reply to chaiges of prod-
igality and extravagance that had been made
against the Administration and its fnends,that the
Opposition itself was to blame for most of the
extravagance that had been committed; and he
had further said that the proof of this would be
found by a reference to the Journals. His col-
league the other day had repeated the same thing,
and as the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] had joined issue with him, and had chal-
lenged the production of pioof, it would be an
admission of erroneous assertion on their part if
they did not bring it forwaid.
Repeated efforts had been made by those in the
Opposition to inculcate the belief that the Admin-
istration was guilty of the greatest extravagance,
and the only way to meet these charges was to
come forward with the proof. He had had but little
opportunity since the charge was made of sup-
plying himself with all the proof that could be
found; but he had, however, turned over the leaves
of the Journal since the last session, and found
that every charge made by his colleague was fully
substantiated. He would cite a few cases for the
information of the Senate, by which they might
judge of the whole. He found at the last session
that the hill for the continuation of the Cumber-
land road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, was several times befoie the Senate; and as
this hill involved a heavy expendituie, he would
refer to it first in order:
" On motion of Mr. Tipton to postpone the special order,
far the puipose ot taking up tins bill, the yens ,unl najs
were nearly equally divided; and he admutcd that tliue
were some gentlemen on both sides who vuied against it
The yeas were, Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Clay of Ken
tucky, Crittenden. Jt>avm, Fullo , Kntglil,Mernck, Mori it,
Prentiss, Rives, Robbins, Robinson, Si vier, Smith ot Indi-
ana, Swift,Tallmndge, Tipton, Webster,White, and Young
" Those who voted tu the negative w< re, Messrs. Hon
ton, Brown, Calhoun, Clayton, Cuthbert, Hubbard, King,
Lion, Lumpkin, Mouion, Nicholas, Niles, Noivell, Pierce,
Home, Strange, Trotter, Walker, Wall, William , and
tv right.'*
Now, in discussing this subject,he had always
admitted that some few of the Administration
party, for particular reasons, could atUays, be
found to vote for a number of thest expendituies.
Again:
" Oil motion by Mi Noitw,t.i to lay this bill on the table,
it was decided in ihe negame—yeas 18, nays 19.
"The yeas were, Messrs Baianl, Brown, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard,King, Lumpkin,Lyon,McKean,
Mouion, Nicholas, Norveli, Rives, Roane, Walker, Wall,
and. William!,.
"The nays were, Mews. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ken
tucky, Crittenden, Grundy, Knight, Merrick, Morns, Rob-
inson, Sevier, Smith oi'Indrana, Hoenee. Swift, Tallniadge,
Tipton, Trotter, Webstei, White, and Voting."
In page 328 of the Journal it will be found that
"The Senate resumed, an in Committee of the Whole,
the hill making uppropriaiions lor certain roads in the Ter-
ritory ot Wisconsin; mú having been amended, it was re-
ported to the St nate.
" On motion by !Ur Wat-kfr, further to amend the bill
by adding thereto the iollovving proviso ' 1'rovided olwayt.
That nothing contained m ibis act shall be consttucd as to
imply that Hie L"mt< d ¡States are pledged, or m any manner
bound, to make any appropriation  in iiituro to make or
construct said road--, or anj part or portion ol them,' it was
determined m the affirmative —yeas -2.Í, n iys IT
" Those who voted in the affirmative were, Messrs. Ai
len, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Giundy, King, i.umpkm,
Lyon, Moulon, Nilos, Norveli, Pierce, Prtston, Rive ,
Eoane, Robbins, Rugglcs, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Swilt, Trotter, Walker, White, and William?.
u Tho e who voted in ttie negative were, Messrs. Bavard,
Benton, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Cl lyton, Davis,
Fulton, Hubbard, Knight, Linn, Prentiss, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith at Indiana, Tipton, Webster, and Voting."
Here was a measure (Mr. S. said) which had
a tendency to pledge the country for heavy future
expenditures; and, m order to avoid this, the
amendment was introduced by the Senator from
Mississippi. It was very easy to see whether the
measure was supported by the friends of the Ad-
ministration or not. In perfect fairness, he would
now call their attention to a vote in which it would
be found that he himself voted on the side of ex-
travagance. It was a case in which his constit-
uents were Interested, and where they expected
him to vote for it.   It was the amendment of the |
act giving the assent of Congress to the act of i
the Legislature of Virginia, incorporating the Fal-
mouth and Alexandria Turnpike Road Company. '
Mr. S. here read the yeas and nays in which
he was found voting m the affirmative.
In page 414 of the Journal would be found the
passage of the Cumberland road bill, which was
passed by the following vote:
•' Those who voted in the affirmative were,Messrs. Allen,
Bayaid, Benton. Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden,
Cuthbert, Bavis, Fulton, Grundy, Knight, Linn, McKean,
Merrick, ¡Morns, Nicholas, Robbins, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Spencc, Swift, Tipton.Webster, Wright,
and Young
"Tho-ewho voted in the negative were, Messrs. Cal-
houn, CIjv of Alabama, Clayton, Hubbard, King, Lyon,
Mouton. Niles, Norveli, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Trotter, and Williams."
After citing the unanimous vote on the bill for
the suppression of Indian hostilities, and which
Mr S. said no man had the hardihood to vote
against, Mr S. referred to the bill to purchase the
right to use Dr. Boyd Reilly's vapor hath:
" On the question, ■ Shall this bill be engrossed and read
the thud nine r' it was detertmeed in the negative—yeas
1> navs'-JO
" Those who voled in the affirmative are, Messrs- Bay
aid, Clay oí Kentucky, Cntteiiden, Fulton, Grundv, Knight,
Linn, Lumpkin, Lvon, McKean, Merrick, Prentiss, Rob-
inson, .Sevier, and Swill
' Those who voted in the negative are. Messrs. Allen,
Buchanan, ( lay ol Alabama, Clayton, Hubbard, King,
Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norveli, lioaue, Rllggles, Smith
of Connecticut, Stl.lngc, Trotter, Wall, White, Williams,
Wuglit, and Young "
How many of the Opposition were found voting
agum-st this expendituie'
On page 519 would bo found the bill making
appiopiialions for building light-houses, light-
boats, beacon lights, buoys, and for making sur-
veys; the question on talcing up this bill was
decided—yeas 23, nays 14:
ivThe yi as were, Messrs Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clauon, Ciuhbert, Davis, liubbaid. King, Knight, Lyon,
McKean, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norveli Prentiss,Hives,
Ituggles, .Smith ol Connect!! nt. Smith ol Indiana, Tall-
intid.li. Wall, Williams, and Wuglit.
" Tlio-e who voted in the negative wt re, Messrs. Allen,
fienton, Clay ot Alabama, entienden, Fulton, Lumpkin,
Merrick, Pierce, Preston, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, White,
and Young."
How many of the Opposition (Mr. S. asked)
were found voting against this measuie' Ata
very late period of the last night of the session he
lose for the purpose of stopping this bill; but it
being found that a quorum was not piesent, he
was prevailed upon not to persist in calling for
Ihe yeas and nays, as it would have put a stop to
all the other business of the Senate.
The next vote to which he would advert, was
the bill explanatory of the act regulating the pay
and emoluments of the brevet officers:
" On ihe question ' Shall this lull be engrossed, and read
a third time!' u was determined m the atlirmattve—yeas
ÜU, nays 18
<* Those whovoted in the affirmative were, Messrs. Allen,
Bayard, lienton, Clay ot Alabama, Clay ol Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Knight, Mernek, Nich-
olas, Noivell, Preston, Hives, Roane, Haggles, Tallniadge,
Trottti, and Wall.
"Those who votedfn the negative weie,Messrs Brown,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Lynn, Mouton, Niles,
Pierce, Prentiss, Itobirison. Smith oí Connectit at, Smith of
Indiana, Strange, White, Williams, Wnght, and Young "
How many of the Opposition (Mr. S. asked)
voted against this bill?
The harbor bill (Mr. S. continued) came up at
half-past four o'clock, on the 6th of July, on mo-
tion of Mr. Davis. Mr. S. here read from the
Journal as follows:
'*On motion ot Mr. IHvts, that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill to provide for certain harbors,
and for the removal of obstructions in and at the mouths of
certain rivers, and for other purposes, during the year I8J8,
it was determined in the affirmative—yeas 18, nays II.
"Those who voted in the affirmative were, Messrs. Bay-
ard, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Hubbard, Lyon, Merrick,
Niles, Norvel), Robbins, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallniadge, Tipton, Webster, Williams, and Wright.
" Those who voted m the negative were, Messrs. Brown,
Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Pierce,
Preston, Trotter, Wall, and While."
How many of the Opposition voted against
taking up this bill, which involved such heavy
expenditures?
Mr. S. said that he would trouble the Senate
with one more case, and that was the Indian ap-
propriation bill, to which Mr. White offered an
amendment appropriating $150,000 for subsist-
ence and expenses of such Indians west of the
Mississippi, who, by reason of the recent emi-
gration, &c, were unable to subsist themselves:
" Those who voted in the affirmative weie, Me=sr« Bav-
ard, Benton, Buchanan, Claiton, Cntteiiden, Cinlnit rt,
Davis, Fulton, King, Linn, Mou'on, ¡vichólas, I iisto,,,
Rives, Roane. Robinson, Sevier, Smith ot Indiana, South-
ard, Tallniadge,Tipton, Webster, and \\ hue
"Those nho voted in ihe negative weie, Mes-is Ali'n,
Rrown. Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Ilubbaxt,
Niles, Norveli, Pieice, Robbins, Buggies, Smith ol Con-
necticut, Strange, Wall, and Williams."
How many of the Opposition were found vot-
ing against this bill> He had no doubt of the
fact that he could go through the whole Journal
and produce similar results. In truth, almost
any proposition would meet the views of some
few friends of the Administration. But let the
facts go before the country; he wished to pro-
duce no false impression If the charge of ex-
travagance recoiled on the Opposition, why, let
it be known. His only object in making this
explanation was to meet the challenge of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
After some remarks from Mr. ALLEN,
Mr. BENTON explained that he had just ex-
amined the Journals of last session, and found
that the amendment to the bill which brought in
this class of pensioners, by which the pension
list was swelled up some two or three millions,
was made and adopted, not only without the yeas
and nays, but without even a division. It was
thus seen that an affair of this magnitude crept
into their legislation without being noticed by
any Senator present.
A motion was made by Mr. CRITTENDEN to
amend Ihe amendment by inserting:
~imlprowledfurtker, That the act of July 7, ]838, be
repealed after the 3d of March, 1839.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December IS, 1838.
The first business m order was the motion made
yesterday by Mr. Wise not to receive the peti-
tion presented by Mr. Reed from certain inhab-
itants of Nantucket, praying Congress to open
international relations with the Repu bhc of Hay ti.
Mr. GRENNELL, who was entitled to the
floor, addressed the House at some length in sup-
poit of the right of petition—a right, he insisted,
which had never been denied by the veriest des-
pot on earth. He then expatiated on the great
advantages that would acciue to this country by
opening commercial negotiations with, and ac-
knowledging the independence of, Hayti, where
we now labored under great disadvantages, owing
to the inequality of duties between goods carried
in American vessels and in those of other nations
which had recognized the nationality of that Re-
public. Mr. G. admitted that it did look to one
soi t of abolition, and that alone—the abolition of
national distinctions founded on color—to which
he was at a loss to conceive any possible objec-
tion.
Mr. FILLMORE expressed a hope that the
question would be taken one way or the other, so
as to allow other petitions to be presented.
Mr. LOOMIS then demanded the previous
question.
Mr. WISE moved to lay the subject on the
table; which took precedence of the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. REED called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. CUSHING inquired whether, if Mr.
Wise's motion prevailed, it would not be, m sub-
stance, equivalent to refusing to receive the pe-
tition ?
The SPEAKER replied that the petition would
remain in the hands of the gentleman offering to
piesent H; and the motion to receive would lie on
the table, subject to be taken up at any future
time the House might feel disposed to do so.
Mr. CÜSHING. Then, in point of fact, the
petition will not have been received >
The SPEAKER.    It will not.
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative—yeas 65, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Boon, Bvnurn, John Calhoon,
Cambreleng, William B Campbell, John Campbell, Carter,
Chapman, Cheatham, Cleveland, Clowney, Coles, Connor,
Craig, Ciockett, Cushman, Dawson, Dennis, Glascock,
James Graham, Grantland, Graves, Gnftin, Hamer, Harri-
son, Hawkins, Haynes, Jabez Jackson, Jenifer, Henry
