1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
RESOLUTIONS-----AGAIN.
The SPEAKER called over the States for res-
olutions; when the following were presented:
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, of Iowa Ter-
ritory, it was
Resohcd, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire vt hat probable proportion of the public
lands  remain unoccupied and unsold, m consequence of not
granting pieemption on timbered land, in conjunction with
prairie, and whether any considerable number of the actual
settleis intended to be brought within the provisions ot the
late preemption law, have been, or are liable to be, ex-
cluded. That said committee inquire into the expediency
of amending the preemption law so that all who have set
tied, or bhall hereafter settle, may purchase timbered land
and prairie in conjunction, if they desire.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, of Iowa, it
was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
Territory ot Iowa a quantity ol land, whereon the seat of
government thereof may be located.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, of Iowa, it
was
Resohed, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making a fui
ther appiopnation lor the improvement of the De& Me mes
and Rock river rapids, m the Mississippi river.
On motion of Mr  DOTY, it was
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the House of Representatives a copy oí the
report and survey of the Neenah or Fox river, of Green
bay, made b\ Mr J B Petti val, under the direction of the
topographical bureau, and also such information as he may
have of the route of a canal from Pond du Lac to Rock
river, and to the Wisconsin
On motion of Mr. DOTY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of dec] tring Green bay and
Milwaukee ports of entry, and of miking an appropnatton
for placing buoys, at the entrance of the chanmJ of the
Neenah or Fox nvei , and that the rtport ol Lieutenant J
T. Homatts, contained in the document Ño 34,of thedof*
uments of this  session, be referred lo the said committee.
On motion of Mr. DOTY, it was
Resohed, That the Cotí mittee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the m cessity of changing and limiting to
shorter penods the tenure ot ornee oí the Governor, ¡sec-
retary, members ot the Legislative Assembly, judges, at-
torney, and maishal of the Tenitory of Wisconsin ; and
of defining by law the commencement and termination of
the term of service o1" the Delegate for said Territory m the
Bouse of Representatives
On motion of Mr. DOTY, u was
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a general sys-
tem oí internal improvements in the Termoiy of Wiscon-
sin, and of providing such means, as may be required to
cairy the same into í ffect
On motion of Mr. CRARY, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Pommerre he msti ueted
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
Tor the improvement of the harbor o( Mackinac, according
lo the recommendation of Lieutenant Thomas, of the
itfavy
On motion of Mr  YELL, u was
Retailed, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of confirming to
Major Henry Wilson, certain ttacts oí land, pmcha&ed by
him in the btate of Arkansas
Mi. MILLER submitted the following leso-
Iution; which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed on the
subject of the public lands, be ms-ti ueted to inquire into the
expediency of granting to each oí the States of Louisiana,
Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Mich-
igan, and Missouri, a quantity of land to be applied to the
construction ofworks of internal improvement within those
States reapectivelj ; which Jand, t,o gianted, with what
each of those States hive he reto fort, received (if anj ) irom
the United States ior such purposes, shall mike the entire
grant to each equal to that heretofore granted to the State
of Ohio.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affaus be in-
structed to inquire into the state oí the military delense« on
the western frontier of the United States, and into the ex-
pediency of adopting for the protection of said frontier an
adequate sjstetn oí defense , and that the said committee
be further instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to enable the United States Gov-
ernment to carry into effect such system oí defense on said
frontu r as may be adopted for its permanent protection and
seeunty.
On motion of Mr. HARRISON, it was
Resolved, That the select committee on steamboats be
instructed to inquire into the expediencv of so amending
the act regulating steamboats and other vessels piopelicd
by steam so as to require ail engineers, before they shall be
allowed to act as such, to be examined by a competent
boaul oí persons appointed for that purpose, who, upon
being found qualified, shall obtain a certificate to that efteet.
That the> further inquire mto the expediency, also, of re-
quiring all pilots of steamboats and other vessels propelled
by steam to be examined in like maimer, and if found qual-
ified upon such examination, shall also obtain a certificate
of his qualifications. That they further inquire into the
propriety of amending said act so as to prohibit any person
from acting as captain or commander of any steamboat,
until he shall have served at least two years in said bubi
ness ; also, into the expediency of requiring every appli-
cant, before examination, to bring forward testimonials of
his sober, moral, and industrious habits That the Commit-
tee on Commerce inquire into the expediency of «o amend-
ing the laws relative to debenture, as to allow drawbacks
upon goods employed in the trade from Missouri and Arkan-
sas to Santa Fé and other provinces of Mexico.
On motion of Mr. LYON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of changing tht> tune of holding the
full term of the circuit court of the United States for the
southern district of Alabama to a later and more healthy
season of the year, so as to prevent a failure of the courts.
On motion of Mr. CRABB, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing b> law for continuing the present mail facilities
to the people of the United States.
On motion of Mr. CRABB, it was
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to
report to this House what amount oí funds, in addition to
the proceeds of the Post Office Department, will be neces-
sary to continue, during the present vear, the mail facilities
on the present estabhshmentof that Department; and al-o,
to report to this House what reduction in said mail facili-
ties he has ordered, and whether such reductions have been
general m any part of the Union, m due proportion to the
facilities heretofore extended to the different States respect-
ively.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Shelbyville, in Shelby county, by
Walker's settlement, to East \ei on, in said county, State
of Illinois.
On motion of Mr. RARIDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting and
passing a joint resolution authorizing the Commissioner of
Public Lands, upon proper cases made out, to issue dupli-
cate bounty land wairants, when the originals have been
lost or destroyed.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed '
to inquire into the oxpedienev of intending so much of the i
act'' making appropriations for the improvement of certain '
harbors therein mentioned for the year one thousand eight |
hundred and thirty-six, and for other purposes," approved
July 4,1836, as prescribes the plan for constructing the har- I
bor at Michigan city, so as to authorize the Secietary of
War to determine the plan oí the same.
On motion of Mr. BOON, it was
Resohed, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
mstiucted to inquire mto the expediency of abolishing the
duty on alum salt
On motion of Mr. EWING, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be insti ueted to inquire into the expediency ol chang-
ing the mail route from Green Castle, Putnam county, to ,
Bowling Green, Clay county, Indiana, so as to pa«s irom '
Manhattan, through the town of Pleasant Garden, m said
county oí Putnam , also, into the expediency of pioviding
fixed, uniform rule  for the government and guidance of the
Post Office Dep utmpnt in the estihhshmentof postofhees,
in lieu of a discretionary power now evercised on tins point. l
On motion of Mi. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, i
it was                                                                   I
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be I
instruct* d to inquire into the expediene} ol making a grant
of lands to the State of Louisiana, to aid in the eonstruc   '
tion of the various works of interna! improvements passing
through the lands, of £he United States in which the said ,
State is engaged
On motion of Mr. SHEPLOR, it was              |
Resohed, That the standing Committee on the Post Of 1
fiee and Post Road  be. and they ire hen by, instructed to
inquire into the expediency  of establishing a mail route
liom Bethlehem, m Stark count}, Ohio, by waj of Medina, !
to illina,in Lorain count)
On motion of Mr. HAMER, it was
Resohed, That the Committt e on Naval Affairs be m
structed to inquire into the expt diency of establishing a by   ¡
drographtcal bureau in the Niw Department                        ¡
On motion of Mr. GOODE, it was                         ,
Resohei, That the Committee on the Public Lands be i
instructed to inquire into the expediency of repotting a bill j
authorizing the ¡state ot Ohio to purchase the United States'
alternate section on the Miami cana!, in the State of Ohio,
and on so much of the Maumee canal as lies in the State
oí Ohio, at $2 30 per acre
On motion of Mr. GOODE, it was
Resohed, 1 hat the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of so amend-
ing the Senate hill now befoie them, for the relief of Allen
Hamilton. Hiram Todd, and Cyrus Tailor, as to insert the i
name ot Jacob Haas, so as to entitle him to the provisions j
of said bill                                                                                   |
On motion of Mr. MAURY, it was                  |
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to I
inquire into the evpediency of so amending the law illow
ing compensation for horses or other property delivered i
over to the United States by the volunteers in Florida, as
to embrace cases m which such delivery was made without
the order of the commanding general, or otliereommanding
On motion of Mr. MAURY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediencj ot extending the provisions of
the third section of an act, approved March 1,1837, enti-
tled '• An act making appropriations for the support of the
Armv for the vear 183G, and for other purposes!  to all the
companies of volunteers and mounted men whose sei vices
were accepted by the Governor ot Tennessee, and who
were called into service under requisitions from the Secre-
tary of War, or from generals commanding the troops of the
United Slates, at any time during the year 1826.
On motion of Mr CHEATHAM, it was
Resolved, Thit the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
so amending the law in relation lo the franking privileges of
members ot Congrt&s, as to curtail the privilege to sixty
davs before and after the rise of each session of Congress;
and further, to inquire mto the expediency of curtailing and
limiting the exercise of the franking privileges of the vari-
ous officers of the Executive Departments
On motion of Mr TURNER, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pioviding by
law for the pai mem of commutation pay to the heirs of Cap-
tain Stephen Merritt; ¡mú that said committee also inquire
into the expediency of providing bv Uw for the payment of
commutation pay to the heirs oí Captain Jiles Raines; and
that the accompanying paper  be referred to the said com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions inquire into the expediencv of repealing the act of
Congress of the 6th of April, 1838, which provides in cer-
tain cases for the payment ot pensioner  at the Treasury
Department.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHGATJS, it was
Resolved, That the claims of Miles W. Dickey and James
H McClure and Company be refened to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion of Mr. GRANTLAND, it was
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediencv ot making provision
by law, during the present session for the pajment of the
troops called into service by the Governor oí Georgia, to
repel the invasion ot the Indians in the vicinity of the Oka-
finoka swamp, and the expenses incident thereto, and that
a letter ftom the Executive of Geoigia to the delegation
from the State inclnstrtg one from the Acting Secretary of
War on that subject, be referred to the same committee.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAN, of New
York, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be insti ueted to mquu e into the propriety of granting
a pension tu Nancy Williams, widow of David Williams,
one of the captor  ot Major Andre
Mr KEIM oiTeied the following joint resolu-
tion; which was road twice and committed;
Resohed, (the Senate concurring herein.) That the joint
committee on the Smithsonian b< quest be mstrucu d to in-
quire into the propriety of establishing a professorship of the
Germ tn 1 inguage a  a part of the literary instruction m the
intended Smithsonian institution.
Mr. GUSHING said that he was constrained
by oitcumstances, and by the questions taised m
various quarteis touching his conduct here m the
matter of the public lands, to submit a pioposi-
tion on the subject, which he would have pre-
ferred to offer at some other time, when his views
mi^ht be accompanied with piopei explanations
and statements, but uhich he would now submit,
to go, with othcrpropositions on the subject,into
the hands of the select committee:
Resohed, Tint, for the purpose of relieving the whole
people of the United State  from the inconveniences at
tending the present relation of the Federal Government to
the federal domain, and at the same time bccunng to the
old and new States alike their just and lawful rights therein,
the '•elect committee on the public lands be mstiucted to
consider the expediencv ot providing for the division ot the
said domim among; the seveiai States oi the Union, accord-
ing to the follow 111? principles, vi¿
1    To i&certam the qmntttv of said doirum of which the
title is complete m the United fetales by the extinction of
the Indian occupancy, distinguishing the respectiv< States
or Territories, in winch the same is, and classifjing the
same according to its quuiitv and taiye.
2   To fix and Cotabli-h a just and equitable rule or ratio
for measuring the interest ol the several States, respecuve-
ly, in tne said liom un, allowing, as far as maj be, equal-
ized shares tntreoi, m quantity and n value, to each and
all of the eiid State-.; the whole subject, however, to the
íeservations m favor oi the new States now existing bj law,
3   To make partition oí <«aid domain among the individ-
ual States, bj- cession and assignment from the United
States, to the <¡,ud iti>pective States m severalty, and m
equalized shares, so as above limited, measured, and as-
certained.
4    To distribute and apportion paid '•hares in such wise
tbfct the share ceded and aligned to any of those oí the
States in which the said domain partlv he« shall consisto
part oi m whole, of lands within ít-s own State limits, thus
immediately extinguishing the title of the United States
therein so far forth, and vesting the same in the said State.
