118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14 
da; which resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military AfFaus.
Mr. HOLSEY presented a joint íesoluUon of
the General Assembly of the State of Georgia,
instructing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives of that State in Congress to exert
themselves to have compensation made to such
persons as had their crops burned and their piop-
erty destioyed by the United States troops south
of "Wale's line; which resolution was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. TILLÍNGHAST submitted the following
joint resolution; which was read twice, and le-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union:
Whereas examinations and surveys have heretofore been
made m tlie Narraganset bay, m Rhode island, with a view
to imhidiy and naval establishment , and lepoitshave been
made to the N.ivy Department, and communicated to Con
gress, containing evidence oí the fitness and advantages ol
a place upon the wateis oí that bay for a naval depot.
RcsoUed, ^c, That thy Secretary of the Navy, as soon
as may be, cause such further examinations andsuive>s to
be made as are in his opinion neccs&aiy tor ascertaining the
Iitness and the relative advantage  01 disadvantages ol a
placo m the sud Narrnganset bay for a naval establishment,
yaid, and depot, on shore, and the best location thereof in
said bay; with estimates of probable expeiist , and that
btiul estimates, and the repoits of s,ml evamín itioit-s and
surveys, when made, and all Mich evidence in is now, or
in iy then be, in possession of ins ])(partnx nr, as to such
íitiic^s and advantages ur disadvantages, be by the «-aid hec-
iftaty communicated to Congrega .ib soon as m iy be, with
fcueh views and opinions as he ma> deem important
Re¡,olLed,ftníhci, Tint for carijmg this icsolution into
effect, there be now apprnpu itc d, and iheie is hciebv ap-
pro pi ntcri, the sum ot $ 1,01)0, nut oí anj money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated
Mi. MONTGOMERY moved the following
resolutions:
Revolted, Tint the public lands belonging to the United
States is a remainder ol a joint common stock, belonging
to the people ot the Lfnm d States md Temlones, tJi.it mav
and should be disposed of by Congress, among the nghtlu!
ownuis, by some < quUable plan ot distribution.
Rcsoloed* That a select committee ot this House, consist
mg of twt niy-six members, one chosen tiotn each State, be
instructed to prepare anil rt port to this House some plan for
an cfjtillable distnbmiori ol the public, lands, or then pro
ceeds, among the rightful owners.
Debate arising on these resolutions, they were
laid over under the rule-
Mr, COLES moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That tin Secretary oí Wat be direct* d lo com-
municate to this. House a statement showing the number
of Indians annually lemoved tiom the eastern to the west-
ern fitde ot the Mississippi from 1/hU to lH.itf, mt fUMve;
with the i¡« mtity of 1 md annually purchased oí the Indi-
ans ; the sums of money annually paid to the Indians , and
the quantity of! md granted each }i ar lor common schools,
roach and cuntís, colleges and uimei-aues, and to the
States, public institutions, and individual-, duung the ¡,anit
period.
The rule which requires this resolution to he
on the table one day being dispensed with, it was
read, considered, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, of Virginia, the
House, by consent, proceeded to the consulta-
tion oí the resolution submitted by him on the
8th of January instant, in relation to the mode
of collecting and disbursing the public levenue;
and the said resolution being icad, and modified
by the mover, was agreed to by the House.
Mr. Hunikr of Virginia, Mr. McKay, Mr.
Brigcs, Mr. Elmore, Mr Ogle, Mr. Mo one,
Mr. Caiiioow of Kentucky, Mr. Willi wis of
New Hampshire, and Mr. Martin, were ap-
pointed a committee in pursuance of said resolu-
tion.
Mr. TALIAFERRO submitted the following
joint resolution for amending the Constitution of
the United States:
Resolved hy the Senate and House oj Repietentativcs of
the United State* of Jimenza in Cons,i cat assemble i¡ (two
thirds of both Houses concurnng,) That the following
amendments to the Constitution ot the United States be
submitted to the Legislatures ot the several ht.ires, which,
when ratified by the Legislatures ot three fourths of the.
States, shall loim a pait of the Constitution of the united
States, anything therein to the contra y notwithstanding,
to wit.
1. That from and after the adoption of tins amendment,
the term for which the then Senate of the United States
shall h ive been elected shall cease ; the several States shall
proceed to elect Semtors to serve four years, and in all
tune thereafter to elect Senators to serve four years, and no
longer, m tne Senate of the United States; the elections to
be made in the same manner as is now prescribed bj the
Constitution of the I'nited States
2 That upon the fir.* meeting of the Senate under an
election in pursuance ot the foregoing amendment, the
Senatots snail be divided into two classes by lot, and the
term of service of one class shall cea^e at the expiration of
two yean , so that a moiety of the Senate shali be elected
s*vfjry tw > > pars thereafter
3.  That the term of serviee of the President and Vice
President of the United States shall be four years; and that
the same individual shall not be elected to those offices re-
spectively two terms m succession.
4.  That the assent of the President of the United States
to bills passed by the two brandies of Congress be dispensed
with.
5.  That the power of the Piestdent of the United States
to remove from ofhee, and to fill vacancies thus created, is
not a [tower conferred on him by the Constitution express
iy, or by necessary construction of any power delegated to
him by that instrument.
6.  That the only provision made in the Constitution of
the United States lor removal from office is the process of
impeachment, and that clause in that instrument which
vests in Congress the authority to pass all laws necessary
to carry into effect all the powers vested bv the Constitu
tion in the Government of the United States or any Depart-
ment thereof. It shall therefore be required of Congress to
provide for, and to regulate bv law, all that concerns the
removal fiorn office, or the filling of vacancies in office
which may happen timing the recess of the Senate.
7    That all appointments to office, except such as may
be otherwise directed by law, shall be made bythe Senate,
ina ioce, on nomination by a member of that body
8    That it shall be the rjutv of the President of the Uni-
ted States to commission all the officers to be appointed
under the Government, whether civil, military, or naval,
and to express in each commission the term ot service of
the officer, as the panic shall be prescribed by law or the
Constitution of the United States.
Ordered, That the said resolution be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. PETRÍKÍN moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be directed
to communicate to this House a statement showing the
amount of money expended annually bv each Administra-
tion of the Government tiom the 4th ot March, 17^9, to the
4th ot March, 1837, with the amount of public money lost
auuu illy by defalcations of public o thceis, designating what
amount has been lost by collectors, and also the number
of public officets annuallv in the employment of the United
States under each of «aid Administrations, with the num
her who have embe//,led the public money committed to
their chaige ; showing, in like manner, the amount of public
money lost annually by Using banks as depositories, or re-
ceiving their notos m payment of public dues.
The said i esoluiion was read, and the rule which
requires the same to he upon the table one day
being dispensed with, it was considered and
agiccd to.
Mi. POTTS moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to liiimsh this House with a tabular statement showing the
quantify and description of iron, whether for railioads,
ate imbnats. or tor oilier purposes, which lias been imported
flee ol duty, or on which the duty has been remitted '■nice
the 1st day of January, Ib.í0, together with the names of the
person or peisons importing the same, and the amount of
the revenue whic h would have accrued to the Government
had the duties been charged regularly thereon.
The resolution was read, and the rule which
lequnes it to he upon the table one day being
dispensed with, it was considered and agreed to.
Mr. DARLINGTON moved the following res-
olution:
Ht-,olvedj That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House any examination or survey that may
have been made of* the h irbor of Marcus Hook, on the river
Delaware, m the State of Pennsylvania, under the direc-
tion of the Chief Engineer; together with an estimate of
the sum of money neeessary for icpairing and improving
I said harbor
!     The rule which requires this resolution to he
í on the table one day bctng dispensed with, it was
read, considered, and agreed to.
(     Mr. AYCRIGG submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolicd, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
I cause to be laid before this House «even hundred and fifty
1 i opus, of the chait of Newark ba\, and of the sand bars
in the vicinity ot said bay, rtcentlysurveyed by Lieutenant
Gedney.
The rule which requires this resolution to lie
on the fable one day beingdispensed with, it was
read, considered, and agieed to.
Mr. RANDOLPH submitted the following
resolution:
ResoUed, That the Secretary of War be requned to fur
msh tfus House with a statement of the contracts entered
i into by tiie engineei superintending the improvements of
Little Egg baibor, under the several appropriations made
foj that purpose ; also, copies of said engineer's accounts,
with a tabular statement of the quantity and kind of the
materials (ind the prices of the same) used m the work,
together with the names ot the persons to whom any pan
ot s.ud appropriations have been paid, and the amounts
paid to them re spcctiveb ; and, also, that the Secretary of
War infoim tiie House ot the mode of improvement adopted
by said engineer, and wherein it differs from the mode
originally proposed for the impiovement of said harbor, as
well m the cost and pormanency of the same as m the
manner of construction , • nd whether the partial destitu-
tion of the impiovements by storms, and the cost of the
same beyond the onginal e-ti mate, are not owing in a great
measure to the departure oí the said engineer from the plan
i of improvement originally proposed ; or, if not, to what
eause the saine mav be attributed
The rule which requires this resolution to he
on the table one day being dispensed with, it was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. PECK offeied the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House whether the annuities due the Sen-
eca Indians in the years 1837and 1838 ha\e been paid; and
if so, at what time and in what manner, and by whom the
same were paid; and whether any goods have been paid or
offered to be paid to said Indians on account of any such
annuity; and if so, by what authority the same were paid
or offered to be paid ; and if the said annuities, or any por-
tion thereof, remain unpaid, or weie not paid at the tune
when the same became due, the reason why the payment
thereof was delayed, and also to communicate to tins House
copies of all correspondence m relation to the same since
the 19th day of Mai eh last.
Resolved, That he also furnish this House with a detailed
statement of the "expenses of the delegation of Sénecas of
New York opposed to the treaty,>* amounting to §789 23 ;
and the "expenses of the delegation of Indians in favor of
the treaty," amounting to $9,500; and the " expenses of
submitting the treaty to the several bands of New York
Indians,"' amounting to §-4,000; and ais  the " expenses of
certain Indian deleguions" amounting to §2,630, as con-
tained in the report tiom the Indian department accompa-
nying the President's message, particularly specifying m
each case the names of the persons to whom the money
was paid, the amount to each, the time when paid, and the
services oi other thing for which paid.
The rule which required these resolutions to lie
on the table one day being dispensed with, they
were lead, considered, and agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resol ted* That the Tostmaster General be directed to re-
port to the House ot Representatives, at the commencement
of the brst session ot the next Congress, a modification of
the piesent lates of postage, to take effect at such future
tune as may be expedient, having reference—
1 To the gieatest amount of benefit to be attained at the
lea^t expense
2. Tc the relative proportion and difference which ought
to oust between the rates of postage on manuscript par-
cels and printed paiccls.
3 To the equalization of the rates of postage on printed
and on manuscript parcels, each with reference to its own
class, and in proportion to the enure expense of the care
and tr uismi-sion of the same
The rule which requires this resolution to lie
on the table one day being dispensed with, it was
read, considered, and agieed to:
Mr. HALL moved the following resolution:
Resoh ed, That the Secretin'of War be directed to inform
this House what amount ot claims has been adjusted and
paid under the provisions of the third secuon of the act of
July .">,1^33, (or liquidating and paying ce rtam claims ot the
State ot Virginia, during each of the fiscal years since the
passage of said act; what rule of evidence and principles
of action have been adopted by the Department tn adjusting
such clum- , whether judgments obtained by the claimants
in the couits of Virginia are, or have been, received by the
Department as evidence ot the validity of such claims; and,
if so, what rule or order of the Department, what amount
of such judgments have been paid, and on what species and.
character ot evidence, and on what rules and principles the
said courts proceed in adjudicating such claims. And that
the Secretary ot the Treasury be directc d to inform thia
House what amount of scrip has been issued, under the
provisions of the act of Mav 30,1830, for satisfying Virginia
bounty land warrants; what quantity, in acres, of such
warrants presented at the Treasury before the 1st day of
September, 1835, and what quantity, presented since (hat
day, remain unsatisfied, whether any «punous or fraudu-
lent warrants ha\e been presented at the Treasury, and of
what kind and character; and whetner any, and what
amount ol, scrip is known or believed to have been issued
upon such spunous or tiandulent warrants. And that he
also communicate any information in his possession, show
uig under what acts and resolutions of the State of Virginia,
and on what species and character of evidences, and on
what rules and principles, the executive officers of that
State have granted the land warrants, for the satisfaction
of which provision is made in the act aforesaid.
The resolution was read, and the rule which
requires the same to he on the table being dis-
pensed with, it was considered and agreed to.
Mr EVERETT moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before this House a statement of all the allowances made
prior to the 30th of June, 1834, as an annual compensation
for the services of superintendents of Indian affairs who
were such in virtue of holding the office of Governor or
secretary of any of the Territories of the United State*, ex-
hibiting the name of the person to whom made, his ofhee,
(whether Governor or ¡>ecietary,) the name of the Terri-
tory, the period for which the allowance was made, the
rate per annum, and the amount allowed to each ; and also
to state under what law or regulation such allowances were
made.
The resolution was read; and, the rule which
requires the same to he on the table one day being
dispensed with, it was considered, and agreed to.
Mr. INGRAM moved the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
to communicate to this House a copy of so much of " Hass-
