1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Lauvel Grourand de la Mai Unique, vicecónsul
of Fiance for the State of*Rhode Island, foi re-
mission of duties
On motion of Mr CASEY, the Committee on
Public Lttidswas discbaiged horn the fuither
consideiation of the memoi uil of Geoige ICmdly,
Jabclec Posey, and Joel Whiteside, and the same
was lefetted to the Committee of Claims.
Mi MORGAN,fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionaiy Pensions, made an unfavoiable lepoit
on the petition of Justis Rose
Mi TOHNSON, of Virgmn, finm the sime
committee, made an unfavorable lepoit on the
petition of John Witfflit
Mi CHAMBERS, from the Committee of
Claims, teported a bill foi the iclief of certain
oñiceis of the Florida militn
Mi MASON, of Vuginia, from the Commit-
tee on Commeicc, reponed a bill foi the lehcf of
Samuel Hodman
Abo, a bill foi the relief of Robeit Millei and
John Thompson
Mi PARKER, fiom the Committee on Indi in
Affaiis, íppoitíd a bill for the relief of the Tus-
caroia nation ol Indians
Mi BRONSON, fiom the Committee on the
Tcintones, íeportedabill toappiovt and confiim
an act of the Legishtue Council of the I'emtory
of Wisconsin, and for othei pin poses.
Also, a bill to authonze the people of Iowa to
form a constitution, and to prov ide for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union.
Mr MORGAN.fiom the Committee on Revo
iutionary Pensions, íepoited a bill foi the iclief
of the exei utors of Robert McPai lane
Mr FRY, fiom tne same committee, repotted
a hill gtanling a pension to Reuben Munay
Mi SERGEANT, from the select committee
on steam engines, lepoited a bill supplementary
to the act entitled "An actio piovide for the
better secuuty of steamboats "
PETITIONS.
Mi SERGEANT, on leave, piesented the pe-
tition of Mis Bain budge, widow of the late Com-
raodoie Bainbiidge
Petitions weie also presented by Messrs.
CROCKETT and UNDERWOOD
DILI, INTRODUCED.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, pmsuant to
notice, on leave brought in a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act establishing ceitain courts, and
abudgingtlu junsdiction of oeitain distuct couits
of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Ohio," appioved
24th Fibiuaiy, 1307, which was lead twice, and
lefcuedto the Committee on the Judiciary
RESOLUTION SDBM1TTB.D.
Mr KENNEDY, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing íesolution, which, under tne mle, lies
ovei one day for consideration, the House refus-
ing to enteitain it now:
Resohal, That the Seeietary of the Ni\j be lequestod
to communicate to tin:* House i list ot the vinous aiticlei,
of prow-ions ho-piti! stores, c mvas,eoidige, lutnbi i, Iny,
coil, in in mis ot uon, coppu, leatlu r md illothft irti
cíes not enumerated in c hid tct- puroiii-cii md piocmeci
at or toi tin vinous n iva! st moil* ot Boston, Vtw \ ork,
Baltimore, IWirfnlk Hid Pen-ieo i, dining the lear 18Js!,
suiting I mi lvtliom tiles ime \teiepuich i-ed, and the puces
paid toi each aiticle
THOMAS BLiNCIIARD.
On motion of Mi. MENEPEE, the bill to au-
thorize a lenewal of a patent to Thomas Blanch-
aid wis taken up on us thud leading
Aftei some íemaiks from Messrs FILL-
MORE, MENEFEE, TLEICHER of Massa-
chusetts, HOWARD, and CALHOUN of Mas-
sachusetts,
Mi HOWARD moved that the bill be post-
poned until Fnday next, and be printed
Mi MENEFEE demanded the previous ques-
tion
Mi. BOON moved to lay the bill on the table,
which was not agieed to.
The pievious question was seconded
The mam question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mi. MONTGOMERY asked for the yeas and
niys
The yeas and nays were oideied.
The question was taken, and lesulted—yeas
89, nays 72
GRADUATION BILL.
The House then took up the motion of Mr
Petrikin, to leconsider the vote of the House by
which the " bill to reduce andgiaduate the price
of the public lands" was hid on the table
On motion of Mi JOHNSON, of Maiyland,
a call of the House was oideied
The i oil was called, and one bundled and eighty -
foui membcis answered to their names.
The absentees weie then called, and several
hating come m, two hundied and thiee membeis
were announci d as being piesent
Mi HAYNES moved to dispense with the
fuither pioceedings of the call
The mi tion wasagie d to—ayes 85, noes 61
Mi WILLIAMS, of Noith Caiolma, moved
to lay the motion to íeconsidei on the table.
Mi   CASEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas
9b, nays 102, as follows
^ L \b—Messrs Ilemin Alh  JolmW Allen, Ajcrigg,
h ink',, Bell, Bund, Burden, Willnm B C Uhoiin John Oil
hoon John C unpin 11, Clumber*, I ¡uid-, ( 1 irk ( I iwm y
Coíhn Connor Coiwtn, Cr ui-lon, D trliitgton,D ivi e Da
viis,D'tieti\ Lvins L\t lcIt,Ricll ml I letelli r,I ddcllet
c'ui I ¡Minore, J une G iriamf, Jam s Cr id im,GrlntI tnd,
Gi ive-, Grennell, Giifiín, H ilcv, Hail H irpei Halting-,
I H iwes, H ivvkms, Homy, Holiimn, RobertM 1 Huntei,
1 J ibe? Jackson, V\ nil im Cost Johnson, Kennedy, Legare,
Lincoln, "VI i!loi},M irvm, J unes M M i-on, Sampson M i
sou, Maxwell, Mi Iveunan, Mcnclee, Mi rcer,Milhgan, Mit
cliell, Motitgoim ¡y, Calvary iMoiris Niylor, ¡Voyes, Ogle,
V uiuentu, Pe uei, Peck, Picken-, Pope, Potts*, Putn im,
Reed, Rinchei, lliclmdson, Ridgwiy, Robertson Robin
«on, Ruin-cy, Russell S iltonstlil, b twyer bcrgeuit,Au
gustiui It bin ppeidjCh ulesbiiipaid,bit)iey,5ldde,boutli-
j. ite, btanlv, Ml itlon, 1 ih itcrio, Ihompson, I il!ingln-t,
I )l mil Liidcrwood, lohn W lute, Whittlesej, Lewis Wil
¡ inins  \voitliin^t in, tndloiki—%
| NAYS—Me-si All x nidi r, Anderson, Andrews, Alher-
1 1 hi, 11 im ll( r- Ut line, Bi< knell liiiklli Bird-ill B i in,
Bouldin, Hr idhi id, Bioiison,Bueh in in,< tnibieli ng,W il
h un B C liliplii II C utc l C l-e\, Ch lu<-\ ,Cll lpm lu,l he u
h un, CI v 1 ind, t oh s, Ci il li < r u\ < ushing C n liman,
l Hi Gi ill Dune in iluiin,Lwing 1 ry lilt e G ill Hid Goodi ,
W lilt un Gi iham,Cr mt, Cr it, tl uner, [I iiii-on, ft i\nes,
Herod, Ilol-e\, Holt, llm\ ud, Ingh mi, I hoiu is B Jack
sin, llciiiv J din on J is [h Johnson Nuhani I Jont-
Ki un, Kunlile, Kliiigen-niitii,! (idbcttoi,Li t\ is, Login,
Lyon, Al-irmi, M niri Mi\, McKu, Robeit MeClellan
Abr ih un MeClellm Millei, Moig in, b tmuel W M mis
llun tj Nolilt, Paikei, Pun- Pi trikm, PillIps, Plumer,
Pratt, Joint ÍI Pnntiss, Seig ant S Plenums, Rinden,
Kives, Mu iter, bh.it Ids, bin plnr, Sn\der, Spencer, stnart,
i-lone, buc mugen I lyloi, 1 honi i lituSjIoucey^ou ns,
'lumey, Vail, Vandcrvccr Vn bster, MbertS White,Star
íarii Williams, Jiied W VV illnins, Josepli L Wllllduis,
Christopher H   Willfams, Word, dud Yell—102
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
eonsidei on the table
The question was then taken on the motion to
leconsidei, and íesulted m the negative—yeas
98, nays 99, as, follows-
\ EAb— Viesen Anderson, Andrewi, Atheiton,Beitty,
i Beer-, Henne, liickneil   liiddlf   Birdsall, Boon, Broniou,
Btiehan in C uiibteli ng, \\ iliiitn B Campbell  Carter Ci
I  -ev,  Cliini v,  ( b ipmdii,  Cheithitn, llevelind,   Ci ibb,
1 Cr irv < íoikittt usiung, Cusbinin Davee,Jie Graft Dun
I cm  Dunn   Edv> ud-, Lwins 11\, Gallup, Rice Gllhud,
Willi uu Giaham  Gr ml, Gi ij, H inn i  11 irrl-on, Hajne-,
j  Herod, II il ev, (loll, U in mi, Ingham, Thotnib B  Jick
' «on, Henrv Johnson Jo-i pli Johnson  '\athinitl  iones,
Ktuihle, Klingi n-inl!l!,Leidb(tter, Lewi   Login, I jon,
|  ¡Mlltin, M lurv, M ij   MeKdj ,Ruln rl McCh II in, Ahrah un
MeClellan   Miller   Molían   Mumi 1  W   Morns, Minrij,
Aohli, Pirkir, Pun-, I'ltrikn, Phi Ips, Plumer, Sugntit
i b   Pientis, Jiilm fl   Pienti—, Uariden   Rm s, bheller,
Shields, bliejiloi   Snydei, k pi net r, btil ut, St me, Sweat
i mgen   I ijloi, i iiouias, i itti-, loiaev,   lown-, j uinev
I \ ul,VinderMtr, Wihstei, V\ieks,Albi its White Jaied
W   Willnm-, Jo-epti L Willnm-, Woid, mil Yili—J8
N VFto—Messrs   ltiams, Hcmm Ail in, lotm t\   Allen,
I Ajcrigg, Hank-, Bell, Hond, Borden, William 1! Calhoun,
John C ilhoi n, John Campbell Chamber-   I hilds, Ciirk
i  Chmticy, Coftni   Co!'s, ( onnot, Corvvm, Cianston, Dn
I imgton.Divie-,Deb'rrj  Etui-, F\irf it Rich ud rieteber,
Fillmore Gidding-, Goode, Jamt- Gialnni, Graves, Gren
1 lie , Guffln, Hih i, II til, llirpu, H i-tmg-, Hani-, Hiw
kins, Heniv, Holimin, Robert M   1   Hunur, Jemfir, Wil
Iran l o-t  lohnson   Kennedv, Leg ire, Lincoln, M illory,
jVIuvui, Junes M Ml-on, banipson MasOn, Mawvell, Mc
Keiimii, Menetee  Men i r, Williean   Mitchell  Monigom
I  erj.Mmliii  Mom    CahnvMorri- Najlor,\oye,,Ogle,
I Pirmenter, Pearei, Peck, Pickens, Pope, Potts, Putnam,
Reed Rencher, Ricliiid-oii Itilgwax  Lobertson,Ivobiil=on,
Ru!liocv,Itu—ill -i ipon-till Suvyr, Serge mt Aneu«tlnc
, il  Sheppcid Cltarl s shep inl   sililty, Slide, Snutlyato,
btmlv   ^tratton, Tiliaierro   J homp-ou, I tllingha-t   Io
land, Lnderwood, John  W lute, Vt luttlesc}, Lewis Wil
hams, Blierraid Willinms, Wortlungton, and Yoikc—9'J
So (he House lefused to reconsider.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The next was the bill from the Senate making
ftppropiiations foi the continuation of the Cum-
berland load in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, taken up yesteiday on its íeftrence, when
Mf. Coles moved to lay it on the table; but the -
House adiourned without taking the question;
which, now recumng,
Mi M ALLORY demanded the yeas and nays;
which weie ordered
Mr RARJDEN moved a call of the House;
but it was refused
The motion to lay the bill on the table was de-
cided in the negative^ycas 77, nays 105, as fol-
lows*
YP.AS— Messrs Andrews Atlli «on Banks,Beirne,Btek-
nell, BirdsalljCamurcieng, Willi uu B C uuptH.ll, Carter,
Chi|innn,Clit itlijin Clevtland, ClonneJ, coles,Connor,
t ribb, Cn-hram Divies, Dtberri, James Garland Rice
Girl tnd J unes Gr iliiin Grifiin, Haley, Hiwes, Hawkim,,
Hijno-, Holsey, Holt, Robert M T Hunter, 1 hoiiuut B.
Jit k-on Ji -eph J il nson, N i|h ime! Jones, Keim, KHng-
í n muh Ltgin, Lewis 1 ooitns I yon Millorv, Tames M
Mi-on M irtin Mauiy,MeKiy Abraham MeClellan,Mont-
gomii},biiinul w Vloiris, Murray, Nojile, Paiker,Petrl-
km, Pnktn- J lim II Prentis , Sirgeiuit S Prentiss, Ren
eher, Rieliud-on, Rives, Robertson, Kum<ey, Sawyer,
Augu-titit II Siieppeid, Clnrle-biiepird, Spmcer, btinly,
btoile, Strdtton, 1 ihali rro 1 hompsoii Poucey, Towns',
Tnrnev Und< i\-.< "d W i cks^, I ewis Willi mis, Sherrard
Will mis J ue i W   Willnm , mil Woid—77
NAYS—Ml sr- Ad mis, All \mder lleman Allan,John
W Allen, Avenas Bi ill' B II Biilrl c, Bond, Boon, Bor
di n, Buehm m. \\ llluitn B Í ilhoiui,! ihnC tlhoon,Casey,
( intnbers.l lime} Childs,Chrk,Coffin Corwin.Cianstoii,
Circkett, Ctislung Daiitngton, De Grail, Duncan, Dunn,
Fdn uds, Lvuio, Ewmg, Richard Fl< teller Fiy, Gallup,
Giddmgs Goode, William Graham, Grant,Grennell,Hall,
II imer, H irrison, II irper H istings, Heniy, llerrod, Holt-
man, How ml, luglmm, Jemier, llmry Johnson, William
C J il n-iin, Kt im dy, f eidhetfer, Lincoln, Login, Samp-
son Mison Mn,M.ixv\ill SIcKennan, Henefet, Mercei,
Milligan Millir Mucin 11,Morgan Cilviry Moins, Naylor,
Noyis, Ogle. Parnii ntei, Peurci, Peck, Pholp*, Plumer,
Pope, Potts Putn un, K mden, Rei d, Ridgwaj , Robinson,
Rns«tll, Saiioustall sergoint, Sheffer, Sheplor, Sibley,
Snjder, Soutirgite bwtiringen, Paylnr, Thomas,Tilling-
hi l, Titu-, Tolanil, Vail, Webster, All  rtS Wlutc,Jonn
Wluu ,V\ luttlesej.JosephL William , Worthington,Yeli,
ami Yorki—IO;
So the House lefused to lay the bill on the table;
and it was committed to a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Sundiy othei bills fiom the Senate were taken
up, lead twice, and lefeiied to their apptopnate
committees
DUELING IN THE DISTRICT.
The bill to prohibit the giving or receiving a
challenge to fight a duel m the District of Colum-
bia, and for the punishment theieof, was read
twice, committed to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed, on motion of Mr. ADAMS.
RDPRBSENTATIVES OF T   GLASCOCK.
The bill for the relief of the legal lepresenta-
tives of Thomas Glascock, deceased, was read the
thud time and passed.
KLLIHl OF MAIL CONTRACTORS.
The bill for the relief of James Walker, John
Gibson, and James Carruthers, (mail contiacX-
ois,) was discussed for some time by Messis.
GARLAND of Louisiana, CONNOR, IIAMER,
RENCHER, CHAPMAN, and JOHNSON of
Maiyland, when the latter gentleman moved to
lay it on the table, but the Hoijse tefused, and
the discussion was continued for some time longer
bv Messrs UNDERWOOD,REED,THOMP-
SON, and EVERETT.
Mi CASEY said thattheie were several of hia
constituents sunilaily situated as the contiactors
fot whobe benefit this bill had been introduced;
that they had been ruined by their contiacts with
the Government, and thatsomeof them have had
then contracts annulled He would, theiefore,
moic to íecommit the bill, with instiuctions so
to amend the same as to include all cases, and
put them all upon an equal footing.
Mr WILLIAMS, ot Kentucky, moved to lay
the bill and instructions upon the tabh ; which
the House lefused to do by a -\ote of 72 to 35;
but no quoium having voted,
On motion of Mr MARTIN, the House ad-
journed.                    _____________
IN SENATE
Tiil tsDVY, January 24, 1839.
Mr NORVELL piesented the memorial of
William A Whitehead, in íeply to the petition
of 1 homas Jefferson Smith and others, tn rela-
tion to a port of entry at Indian Key, which was
leferied tn the Committee on Commeice 
Mi KNIGHT piesented the memorial of Caleb
Williams, piajmg that a law may be passed to
