138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the memorial
of citizens of the parish of Concordia, in the
State of Louisiana, reported a bill to transfer to
the inhabitants of the parish of Concordia the
interest of the United States to certain tracts of
land; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, fiom the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, to which had
been referred the petition of Colonel P. H. Weis-
senfels, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof ; which was agreed to.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred the memo-
rial of William A. Slacum, for compensation for
services, reported a bill for his relief; which Was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill granting a portion of
the public lands, for the purposes therein ex-
pressed, to the Mississippi and Rock River Canal
Company, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to which
had been referred the joint resolution from the
House for the relief of the heirs of Charles Brown,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which the subject had been referíed, re-
ported a bill to quiet the titles of bona Jule pur-
chasers under Spanish grants, permits, and orders
of survey, winch was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading
Mr W also, from the same committee, asked
to be dischaiged from the fuither consideiation
of the pie&entment of the giand jury of the dis-
tuct court of South Carolina, in favor of an in-
crease of compensation to the officers of said court;
and the memorial of the executors of James Rody,
which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, m relation
to the improvement of the harbor of Michigan
City, made a íeport thereon, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the plan of the works for the improve
ment of tin. harboi at Michigan ( ity shall be such as may
lie approved hy the Secretary of War.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, asked to be discharged fiom the further
consideration of the memorial of James Radcliff,
which was agreed to
Mr. RIVES, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Irvine Shubnck, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the inquiry
into the expediency of making appiopnations for
the continuation of the Cumberland road to the
Mississippi river, reported the following resolu-
tion.
Resolved, Tint tile Secretary of War be instructed to
cause an estunite to be made of the sums that will be nc
cessary to complete the construction of the Cumberland
road through the States ot Ohio, Indi m l, md Illinois,, to
the Mississippi river, and of the additional amount that will
be required to e«end the same to the city of Jefferson, in
the State of Missouri, designating the cost of the same m
each htate, respectively, and the aggregate sum that will
be necessary to cover the whole expense, showing, as far
as practicable, the separate cost of locating and grading
said road m each State, tor the construction of bridges and
macadamizing the same, with tin relative amounts th it
wil probablj be expended in the original construction of
said work and m making necessary repairs during the prog
res-a of the same, and b< lore its completion, for the purpose .
of enabling the benate to judge whether it will not he ad I
visable, both as it regards the interest of the United States
and the several fotates more immediately interested m the
c™f ™u,on f ™<I road, to make an appropriation suffi-
cient to complete the same, payable m annual installments
íhiwiTt,i:f'?£ate,brei'Pe?'vclS''wltluI'u«  "n>ts of wh,ch
the unfinished parts ofsaid road aro situate , upon the con-
dition that the said States will agree to accept and apply ?he
monev thus appropriated to the objects intended, and there
after discharge the United States from any farther apS-
pnations and upon the further condiUon that the said
States shall have authority, and it shall be their duty o
keep the same in good repair after itseompletion, and shall
allow the aims and munitions of war of the Geieial Gov
eminent to pass toll free , and that he report said estimate
when made, at the next session of ( ongress                     '
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been refened the me-
morial of Lysander Spooner, praying for an ap-
propriation by Congiess for the improvement of
the Maumee river, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agieed to.
Mr. T , from the same committee, asked to be
discharged fiom the further consideration of the
memonal of Edward B. Tippet, which was agieed
to.
Mr. T., from the same committee, asked to be
discharged fiom the further consideration of the
memorial of M Allen, for the improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, which was
agreed to.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the reorganization of the
courts of the United States in the district of Ala-
bama; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, after some remarks
on the necessity of the speedy passage of this
bill, asked that it should be ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, which was agreed to,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which had been refened the memorial of the
Plum Island Budge and Turnpike Company,
playing compensation for a budge destroyed by
the erection of abieakwater by the Government,
reported a bill for its iplief, which was read, and
oidered to a second leading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr YOUNG submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Reiolved, That the Secretary of War be lequired to re-
port to the Senate whether or not Fort Armstrong, on Rock
M md, in the State of Illinois, has been abandoned as a
military post by the troops of the United States , and if so,
what disposition ha  been made of the foitincatious and
public buildings of that place, whether any order has been
lssiu d from the War Department to remove from the occu-
pancy of the said island any of the citizens 01 Illinois, and
if so, under what circumstances the same was issued.
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers of
William Whitehead, lelative to making Indian Key a port
of entry, be printed
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills wore severally read a third
time, and passed
The bill foi the relief of William H. Robert-
son, Samuel H. Ganow, and J W. Simonton,
The bill for the íelief of William B. Ferguson
and sureties;
The bill supplementary to the act entitled "An
act to establish blanches of the Mint of the Uni-
ted States," approved March 3, 1835;
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
authoii7p the State of Tennessee to issue grants
and perfect titles to certain lands therein deseubed,
and to settle the claims to the vacant and unap-
propuated lands within the same," passed April
18, 1836;
The bill for the relief of Henry Wilson, con-
íhmmg pinchases of ceitain land in Aikansas;
The bill for the íehef of Peter Bargy, jr., and
The joint resolution authoiizing the President
of the United States to cause certain surveys to
be made.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
On the motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the mes-
sage from the President of the United States, m
answer to the resolutions submittedby Mr. Rives,
in relation to the transactions between the Gov-
ernment and the United States Bank in negotia-
ting the sale of the bonds of the bank, &c, were
taken up for consideration
Mr WRIGHT addressed the Senate at length
in defense of the course of the officers of the Gov-
ernment in the tiansaction; and was replied to
by Mi   Rives     Pending the discussion,
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 25, 1839.
The House then resumed the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday morning, being the case ofSam-
uel Lewis, the question being on the motion to
lecommit, with instructions, by Mr. Eyerett, as
stated in another column.
Mi  ADAMS concluded his remaiks, and was
followed in reply by Mr. MOR RISof Ohio; when,
on motion of Mr. POPE, the whole subject was
laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DARLINGTON, from the Committee of
Claims, íeported a bill for the relief of Charles
Bennett.
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, moved to recommit the light-house
bill to the Committee on Commerce; which mo-
tion was opposed by Messrs CHAMBERS and
ADAMS, and supported by the mover and Mr.
CAMBRELENG, when it was agreed to—ayes
82, noes 57.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill foi the relief of Menz
Gillespie, late asoldierm the Army of the United
States
Mr LOOMIS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting to the Portage Canal Com-
pany aid m the construction of their canal.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee of Claims,
made an unfavoiable report oil the petition of
Elms Walton.
Mr GIDDINGS, from the same committee,
made unfavorable reports on the petition of Wil-
liam Patrick and Thomas Kelley.
Mr. LOOMIS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Isaac Morrow and others
On motion of Mr CONNOR, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
fi om the further consideration of the resolution of
the House, proposing to modify the law i egulatmg
postage, so as to authorize all public newspapers
to be carried free of postage within the limits of the
counties where printed; also, the resolution pro-
posing to abolish postage on newspapers and
periodicals; also, the resolution proposing to con-
form the rates of postage to the recommendation*
of the Postmaster General, also, the resolution
proposing to restrict the flanking privilege
Mr C also, from the same committee, marie
an unfavorable leport on the petition «¡f Joel
Beaman
Mr LEADBETTER, from the same eommr
tee, made an unfavorable report on the pet:'>on if
John S Burnett
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the Corrió-nee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the memoria, of
John Noms, of Pennsylvania, and the petitioner
had leave to withdraw his papers.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Francis Rivaud.
Mr. EVERETT, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
John McClenahan.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill to restore
jurisdiction to the district courts of the northern
distnct of New York, and to regulate said courts.
Mi. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Hawes, de-
ceased.
Mr McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations for
the defense of the northern and western frontier.
Also, a joint resolution making it the duty of
the Attorney General of the United States to ex-
amine into the titles of land purchased by the
United States for the purpose of erecting thereon
aimones and other public works, and for other
purposes, which was read twice, and its further
consideration postponed till Tuesday next.
Also, a bill to amend the act of 2d July, 1838,
to piovide for the better protection of the western
frontier, &c , and also so much of the Army ap-
propriation bill as provides for the removal of the
troops from Fort Gibson, &c; which, having
been read twice, Mr McK moved its engross-
ment, butafter some remarks from Mr MERCER
and Mr. YELL, the hour elapsed before the
motion was decided, and the House passed to the
orders of the day,
Mr. PICKENS, on leave, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Colonel Robert D. Wainwnght.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER kid before the House a com-
