1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
munication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 14th instant, copies of proceed-
ings of two courts-martial, ordered on certain
charges brought by Commodore Elliott against
Lieutenant C. D. Hunter, upon which the latter
was acquitted; together with copies of charges
preferred by Lieutenant Hunter against Commo-
dore Elliott.
Mr. LINCOLN, on leave, presented to the
House a communication from Commodore El-
liott, explanatory of the circumstances upon
which Lieutenant Hunter founds his complaints
against him; which communication, in connec-
tion with that of the Secretary, was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. CHAMBERS moved that the House go
into committee on the Private Calendar.
After some conversation,
Mr. THOMAS (the rules having been sus-
pended for that purpose) moved the adoption of
the following amendment to the rules, submitted
by him some time since:
Resolved, That the rules of the House be amended by
adding to the 20th rule the woids following :
And on the first and third Fnday of earn month the Cal-
endar of private bills shall bo called over, and the bills, to
the passage of which no objection shall be made, shall be
first considered and disposed of—private bills from the
Senate having a preference over private hills of the House.
Mr. T. now modified his resolution, so as to
read: " the first and fourth Fridays."
Mr. EVANS briefly opposed it.
Mr. TOUCEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
resolution was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The House then went into committee (Mr.
McKennan in the chair) on a large number of
private bills. Those giving rise to debate were
laid aside, not to be reported.
The committee reported to the House numer-
ous bills, without amendment; which were sev-
erally ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Saturday, January 26, 1839.
Mr. GRANT, Mr. KEIM, and Mr. DOWN-
ING, on leave, presented petitions.
[Mr. Keim presented the petition of John Van-
derslice, son of Henry Vandershce, asking pay-
ment of a certificate from Quartermaster General,
for forage supplied to the American Army in
1780, by his father; which, on motion, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. Grant presented the petition of Edmund
Curtis and eight hundred otheis, citizens of the
county of Oswego, New York, praying Congress
to repeal or essentially modify the bill passed at
the last session, known as the neutrality law;
which, on his motion, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.]
Mr. ROULDIN, on leave, presented certain
resolutions of the corporate authorities of the city
of Washington; which, on his motion, were re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRONSON, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill to provide for the erec-
tion of public buildings in the Territory of Flor-
ida.
Also, a resolution proposing to set apart Mon-
day and Tuesday, the 11th and 12th days of Feb-
ruary, for the consideration of territorial business,
and bills relating to the Territories, and that they
have preference over all other business on those
days.
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to insert the
words " on Monday, after the States have been
called for resolutions;" which was agreed to.
The resolution was then concurred in—ayes
107, noes not counted.
Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Chauncey Wright.
Mr. BOND, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James B. Wright.
Mr. MERCER, from the.Committeeon Roads
and Canals, reported, with an amendment, Sen-
ate bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the
two per cent. fund.
Also, with a similar amendment,Senate bill to
relinquish to the State of Mississippi her two per
cent. fund.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for im-
proving the Alleghany river from the mouth of
Olean.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill to
provide for the erection of a fire-proof building
for the use of the Department of War, and sun-
dry documents from the Secretary of War, in
relation to the estimated cost thereof; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the joint committee of the
two Houses on the Smithsonian bequest, moved
that certain documents in relation thereto be
printed.
Mr. A. also reported a joint resolution author-
izing the employment of a clerk, and to have
such papers printed as they deemed necessary.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Tennessee, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill extending
the provisions of the amendatory act of October
14, 1837, providing for the payment of horses
lost or destroyed in the service of the United
States, and moved its engrossment; but, after
some conversation, it was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Joel Henry Dyer.
Mr. EWUNG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Elizabeth Jones.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, from the same
committee, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Ellen West.
jI Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
William Meade.
Mr.PLUMER, from the Committeeon Invalid
Pensions, made an unfavorable report on the pe-
tition of Charles Scott.
Mr. SALTONSTALL, from the Committee
of Claims, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Moses E. Levy.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Commerce, made unfavorable reports upon the
petitions of John H. Russell, Levi Eldridge.and
Nathan Smith.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution of
the House proposing to inquire into the expedi-
ency of so regulating the postage as to receive
money of the United States, and dispense with
fractional parts of cents.
Also, on motion of Mr. C, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the petitions of John Sargent and Samuel Mar-
tin.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported an amendment to the " bill im-
posing a duty on starch;" which was referred to
the same Committee of the Whole as had charge
of the bill.
STATE OF THE FINANCES.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished
business of the morning hour to be the motion of
Mr. Haynes to print ten thousand extra copies
of the report made by Mr. Cambreleng, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, on the state
of the Treasury.
Mr. McKENNAN moved to postpone the
question till Tuesday next, on account of the ab-
sence of Mr. Sergeant, (that gentleman being
entitled to the floor,) who was engaged this morn-
ing in the Supreme Court.
Mr. ADAMS remarked that this was a very
important document, and he saw no reason why :
it should be delayed being printed and placed be- ,
fore the people.                                                           |
Mr. McKENNAN again explained as before, i
Mr. HAYNES said he recognized no r "lit in :
any one to absent himself from that House, un- ,
less from unavoidable illness.  He considered the
public interest paramount to everything else.       i
Mr. GRANT then demanded the previous ques- j
tion.                                                                               '
Mr. MITCHELL moved the reading of the
report; which was lost.
Mr. POTTS moved a call of the House; which
was lost.
The House refused to second the demand for
the previous question—ayes 71, noes 73; and the
question of postponement until Tuesday was dis-
cussed further by Messrs. NAYLOR, McKEN-
NAN, HAYNES, TILLINGHAST. PICK-
ENS, BIDDLE, and CRAIG, when the hour
elapsed, and the subject lies over.
Sundry bills from the Senate were taken ttp,
read twice, and referred to the appropriate 'stand-
ing committees.
LANDS IN TENNESSEE.
The Tennessee land bill, from the Senate, being
taken up and read twice,
Mr.-SHIELDS moved to postpone its consid-
eration till Tuesday next.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, «loved
to refer it to the select committee of twenty-six
on the public lands.
The former motion having precedence, was
put, and agreed to, and the bill ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YELL, on leave, submitted an amendment
lie intended to submit to the bill when it came
up, and it was ordered to be printed.
PETERS, MOORE, AND COMPANY.
The bill for the relief of Peters, Moore, & Co.
and others came upon the motion to lay it on the
table.
This motion was now negatived, and
Mr. CASEY moved to recommit the bill to the
Post Office Committee, with instructions so;to
amend it as to cover all similar cases.
Mr. CONNOR solicited Mr. Casey to with-
draw his amendment; whereupon
Mr. CASEY said he could not withdraw his
proposition to recommit to the Committeeon the
Post Office and Post Roads, with instructions.
The claim proposed to be settled by this bill was,
for anything he knew, a just claim, and, as such,
he had no objection; but his only wish was to
have the bill so amended as to embrace the cases
of some of his constituents, who, as he under-
stood, had been ruined by their contracts with the
Post Office Department, and whose just claims
that Department had refused to allow. He re-
peated, he only wished all just claims treated
alike. If they were just, they should be allowed,
if not, let them be rejected.
The motion being divided,after some discussion
between Messrs. CASEY, CONNOR, HALL,
CHAPMAN, and McKENNAN,
Mr. CHAMBERS, in order to reach other
claims, made a motion he said he had never "made
in a legislative body before, namely, demanding
the previous question; but he withdrew it at the
earnest request of
Mr. POTTER, who addressed the House in
support of the bill for a short time, and then
renewed Mr. Chambers's motion; which was
agreed to
The previous question was then seconded,
there being, on a division—ayes76, noes 52; and
the main question on the passage of the bill was
ordered.
! Mr. HOWARD said, that desiring to record
\ his name against the bill, though he believed the
claimants entitled to relief, be objected to the
mode. He would, therefore, ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 62, nays 89.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. CHAMBERS immediately moved a vote
of reconsideration, for the purpose of giving its
friends an opportunity of moving to recommit it;
which motion was briefly discussed by Messrs.
HOWARD and CONNOR; when
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the previous ques-
tion; which prevailed.
The rejection was reconsidered, and the bill
was recommitted to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads,
HEIRS OF GEORGE GIBSON.
The bill for the relief of ¡he legal representa-
tives of Colonel George Gibson, deceased, on its
passage, was taken up, and opposed by Mr.
ALLEN, of Vermont.
