1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would ask leave
on Monday next, to bring in a bill to grant the
right of preemption to five hundred thousand acres
of land to the Iron Mountain Company, in the
State of Missouri, to aid said company in the
construction of a railroad from the Iron mountain
to the Mississippi river
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been
referíed the bills from the House for the relief of
John Brown, Richard Dexter, and PatuclcGreen,
repoited the two former without amendment, and
the latter with an amendment; which was read
Mr. MOUTON, fiom the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill fiom the House,
to confirm the claim of Charles Morgan to a tract
of land without amendment. Also, the bill from
the House for the relief of the heirs of William
Graham, deceased, with an amendment; which
was lead.
Mi. BUCHANAN, fiom the Committee on
Foieign Relations, lepoited, withoutamendment,
the bill from the House foi the relief of the legal
representatives   of   ----------   Bradford,  deceased,
recommending; its passage.
Mr FOSTER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to authori7e the Wash-
ington County Turnpike Company, in Missouri,
to construct a road through the public lands of
the United States.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House weie sev-
erally read twice and referred*
A bill for the lehef of Benjamin Fry,
A bill foi the relief of Return B. Biown,
A bill for the relief of James Loomis and the
heirs of James Bassett, and
A bill toi the íelief of certain settlers living on
the Salt Lick leservation, in the western distua
of Tennessee.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
Mr. BENTON moved to take up the bill for
the armed occupation of that part of the Territory
of Florida now overrun by bands of marauding
Indians; which motion was agreed to.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, the question being on the motion for the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
negative—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bavard, Clay of Kentucky, CiLyton,
Davis, Poster, Knight, Mckean, Mtrrick, Morns, Prentiss,
Preston, Kives, Itohbms, Ruggk s, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Svvitt, 'lallimdge, Webster, and White—20
NAYS—Me-.br-- Alkn, B( nron, Brown, Ruehanin Cal-
houn, Clay ot Alabama, Cuthhert, Fulton, Hubb-ird, King,
Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Nile , Norvell, Pierre,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Wall,
Williams of Mississippi, Wright, and Young—24
Mr. BENTON offered several amendments to
the details of the bill; which weie adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, offered an
amendment requiring: the settler to be over eigh-
teen years of age to be entitled to the grant of
land provided in the bill; which was adopted.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill was or-
dered to be printed as amended, and laid on the
table till Monday next.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 9, 1839.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill for the lehef of General
Wool was yesterday laid on the table, and further
moved to postpone the question until next Friday,
which was agreed to.
Mr. PETRI KIN asked leave to report a bill
from the Committee on Indian Affairs; and it
being objected to, Mr P moved a suspension of
the rules; which did not prevail.
PUBLIC  LANDS.
The unfinished business of the morning was
then resumed, being the following resolution, re-
ported by Mr. JOHNSON, of Maiyland, fiom
the select committee of one from each State on
the public lands:
Resolved, That the committee report to the House, and
ask leave to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject-matters referred to them, and that the journal
of the committee be reported and published.
Resolved further, That the committee deem it inexpedi-
ent to take lurther steps on the subject of the public lands.
The question pending was on the proposedsub-
stitute of Mr. Robertson to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands semi-annu-
ally, to be suspended only in case of war.
Mr. ROBERTSON resumed his remarks in
examination of the various resolutions that had
been offered in the select committee by Messrs.
Harrison, Yell, and Pickens, in relation to a
disposition of the public lands. Mr. R. then went
into a statement of the amount of land donated to
the new States, to demonstrate the inequality and
partiality of the compacts between them and the
Federal Government.
The hour having expired, Mr R gave way
without concluding, for the orders of the day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a suspension of
the rules to enable Mr. R. to conclude, but the
House refused.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secietary of the Treasury,
in compliance with the acts of Congress, trans-
mitting a statement of the halances due by re-
ceiveis of public money, on the books of the
Register of the Tieasury, which have remained
unsettled, or appear to have been due three years
prior to the 30th September, 1838.
Also, a communication from the Commissioner
of Pensions, m obedience to a resolution of the
House of Repiesentatives of the 4th instant,
inclosing copies of couespondence between him-
self and William E Woodruff, pension agent
for the State of Aikan^as, in the yeais 1837 and
1838, upon the subject of the funds furnished the
latter for the payment of pensions
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. SHIELDS lemarked that ttm was private
business day, and it seemed to bun that the
House had alieady passed as many private bills
as would be acted on by the othei body this ses-
sion, and he therefoie hoped they would consent
to take up and dispose of the public business on
the Speaker's table
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he had given notice
that he should to day call up the resolution in
relation to the heirs of James Rumsey, and he
should persist in his motion.
Mr. SHIELDS thereupon moved a suspension
of the rules to attain his object.
Mr LOOMIS suggested a modification to make
the suspension gcneial for public business alone
for the residue of the session
Mr SHIELDS did not yield to the suggestion,
and his own motion was negatived.
Mr McKENNAN stated that Monday next
was set apart for the consuleiation of territorial
business, and he asked lea\e to makeaieport
connected theiewith.
Objection being made,
On Mr. M.'s motion, the rules were suspended,
and he reported, fiom the Committee on Roads
and Canals, a bill to authonre the construction
of certain improvements in the Territory of Wis-
consin, and for other puiposes
Mr ADAMS, (ihe rules having been again sus-
pended for the puipose,) from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported with an amendment, Sen-
ate bill for the relief of the Alabama, Georgia, and
Florida Railroad Company, viz , to extend the
time of the payment of their duty-bonds.
Mr LINCOLN, on leave, laid on the table an
amendment to the bill leported yesterday from
the Committee on the Public Lands, for the relief
of the above company, giving notice he should
move it when the bill cameup, and the same was
ordered to be printed
Mi BRONSON laid on the table a communi-
cation in relation to the Territories, which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the Ten ¡tones, reported a bill granting to
the judges of the supreme court of Iowa the same
compensation as by law is given to the judges of
Wisconsin
On motion of Mr. DOWNING, the bill for the
establishment of certain ports of entry m the Ter-
ritory of Florida was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commeice
Mr. DOTY, on unanimous leave, laid on the
table a substitute he proposed to move to one of
the bills in relation to the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, and it was ordered to be printed.
Several bills from the Senate were taken up,
read twice, and referred to their appropriate stand-
ing committees.
PENSION AGENCY AT MONTPELIER.
The bill from the Senate for the establishment
of a pension agency at Montpelier, Vermont,
coming up,
Mr. FLETCHER, of Vermont, moved that
the bill be engrossed and read a third time; ob-
serving that the passing of this bill was but an
act of common justice to the revolutionary patriots
that still lingered among us. There were two pen-
sion agencies m Vermont; one at Windsor, on the
extreme eastern, and the other at Burlington, on
the extreme western, border of the State. Mont-
pelier is the center and capital of the State. Many
of the pensioners have to travel a greater distance
to draw their pensions, to Windsor or Burlington,
than it is from any section of the State to Mont-
pelier. The section of the State accommodated
by the passage of this bill—namely, Essex and
Caledonia counties, &c.—travel directly through
Montpelier in going to Burlington for their pen-
sions, crossing the State from east to west. It
was a great hardship to these pensioners, as well
as unjust, to compel these invalid pensioners to
travel a distance of eighty miles, going and com-
ing, for their pensions, when, by passing this
bill, their pensions can be paid at Montpelier,
frpe of any expense to the Government; for the
bill provides that the pensioners shall be paid
free of cost and charges to the General Govern-
ment. What, then, is the objection to the pas-
sage of this bill > What disadvantage can it be
to the Government to establish this agency ?
None whatever It is so just, so reasonable,
that it is confidently hoped that the House will
order it to be engrossed, read a third time, and
pass the same
Mr ALLAN, of Vermont, moved to refer it
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions;
for, he said, a bill of this character ought not to
pass without undeigomg the investigation of a
committee.
Mr FLETCHER expressed a hope that the
bill would not take that course.
Mr. EVERETT was understood to advocate
the commitment.
Mr. FLETCHER rejoined; when Mr. As-
ian's motion was agreed to.
JAMES RUMSEY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then called up the follow-
ing joint resolution, reported by him a day or
two ago from the select committee raised on the
subject.
Resolved hrf the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America m Congress assembled. That
the President be, and he is hereby, requested to present to
J lmes Itumsf v, jr , the son and only child of James Rum-
sey, dectased, a suitable gold medal, commemorative of
his fuherS seivices and high agency m giving to the world
the benefits of the steamboat
The motion of Mr. Underwood being agreed
to,
Mr RUMSEY addressed the House at length
in support of the claims of his ¡elative.
As soon as Mr. R. had concluded, the question
was taken on the engrossment of the resolution,
and it was ordered to a third reading this day
nem  diss
GEORGE FISHER
The bill for the settlement of the claims of
George Fishtr came up on the motion of Mr.
Petrikin to recommit the bill to the committee
which reported it
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, ex-
plained the meuts of the claim, and after some
further lemaiks from Messrs. BELL, DOWN-
ING, and GLASCOCK, in support of the bill,
and by Messrs CHAMBERS, MERCER, and
PETRIKIN, in opposition thereto,
Mi CHAMBERS moved to lay the bill upon
the table, which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNING mquned whether it would
be in ordei at that time to move to recommit the
bill?
The SPEAKER decided that it would not;
and
Mr. CALHOON, of Kentucky, to enable the
