176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
of duty to the public interest dictated such a
course to him; as he had no disposition to debate
this matter further, and to save the time of the
House, he would accept the modification. He
had the certificate of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings that granite was seventeen cents less
per foot than freestone.
Mr. TALIAFERRO said he should know-
something of this matter. Did the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Lincoln] ever see a
precious metal without dross ? The fault was in
the construction, and not in the material, if any
flaws had been found, as the gentleman desciibed.
Mr. LINCOLN was understood to say he
would state that, as to one of the columns of the
President's House, a part of it had come asunder,
and that it had been necessary to supply its place,
in consequence of the operation of the frost; and
that, as to other columns now finished in the new
building, there were various places m which the
material had decayed from three to five inches.
Mr. TALIAFERRO said there was a pel feet
as well as an imperfect formation of marble. So
it was with the freestone which the gentleman
(ufridicule,he supposed,) had denominated sand-
stone. But he (Mr. T.) insisted that the archi-
tect was bound to look and see that it was per-
fect.
There was a great mistake here if gentlemen
supposed that paint was necessary for the pres-
ervation or the comfort of edifices built of free-
stone. He spoke ftom experience. It was not
nccessai y, although it might improve the appear-
ance,    'i hat was a matter of taste.
The appropriate points for the House to con-
sider were usefulness and economy.
Mi. NAYLOR said he would not occupy the
time of the House; but he had been about to ask
leave oí* the House to introduce a resolution on
this subject He held in his hand one which he
thought would suit the views of all.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, understandingMr.PRA.TT
to have accepted his modification, withdrew the
motion to postpone.
And the question recurring on commitment,
Mr. NAYLOR said that the House was aware
that, within a few days, the Committee on Public
Ihulduigs had submitted estimates for a Geneial
Post Office  building, to be  constructed  of split
granite.    He had  boon mfoimed, by those com-
petent to judge, til it the  building could be con-
structed b< tier, and at much less cost, of nimble.
Mr. N. then o flu edit substitute for the icsolu-
tion of the gentleman from  ¡Sew Ymk, and ex-
pressed a hope (hat it would not be objected to
Mr. LINCOLN itppiehendei! that Üic inquiry
proposi <( would c uise delay on the action of the
lull for the eonstnutioii of a Poht Offiee building.
He WiC5 oppoied to delay, and all difficulty might
be obviatid by iof< mug the question of material
to the Pn sub nt
Mr.H AYNESsaid if he understood the amend-
ment of the gentkman from Pennsylvania, [Mr,
Nino ,] he was in fa\or of its adoption. It
was ceitamly important, when we were about to
erect public buildings to last as long as mat< rials
can last, to have estimates from a competent
source of the cost and dmabihty of siu'h mate-
rials, lie was, theiefore, m favor of the pio-
j/ostd amendment. But he would saya woid of
the couise of the Committee on Public Buildings.
" A change had come o'er the spnit of their
dicam'" since the last session of Congress Then
we heaid nothing but the cry of economy, when
we weie urged to pull down the now Treasury
building, and remove its materials to the site for
a General Post Office, and, perchance, when that
building should be partially constiucti d, to pull
it down, and carry back the material to its 011-
ginal place. Now that committee goes for the
more expensive materials of granite or maride.
Mr. GRAM I1 moved the pievious question,
but withdiew it, and moved to lay the subject on
the table; winch motion was rejected.
Ml. PRATT then modified his lesolution to
read as follows:
Resotied, That the Committee on Public Build.ngs be
instructed to iihjuueuit  the cvp'diemy nt having ilie°pnb
he building-* here.Uter to he ere* tía built ot tuhe  marble
or «irdlute. instead of tile stuneth.it has been used; and that
baid committee rejiori to this House which of these mate-
rials i- the most desirable and econointi.ll, and the «i-veral
prices at which each of said materials can be furnished.
Mr. P. demanded the previous question; which
was seconded.
And the main question (being on the adoption
of the resolution) was ordered, and taken; and
the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. SLADE offered the following resolution:
Whereas, on the 30th day of January, in the year of our
Lord 1839, there were driven by the doors of the Capítol of
the United States in view of members of both Houses of
Congress, thirty men chained and handcuffed, together with
twenty women and children ; and whereas there are cir-
cumstances which justify a strong suspicion that it was for
no offense against the laws of the United States, or of any
of the States, that said men, women, and children were
chained, handcuffed, and driven as aforesaid: Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of seven members of the
House be forthwith appointed to inquire and report—
1.  The authority under which the said men, women, and
children were thus chained, handcuffed, and driven as
aforesaid ;
2.  Whether they were charged with the commission of
crimes; and if so, cf what crimes, and when and where
committed;
:t Whether they had been convicted of crimes, and if so,
of what crimes, and by what tribunal convicted ; and
4. Whether the persons who chained, handcufted, and
drove the said men, women, and children were officers of
the United States, duly authorized to have the custudy of
crimínalo within the District of Columbia; and, if so,
whether they committed said men, women, and children
to the common jail of said District for trial, or to the peni-
i tentiaiy thereof for punishment.
Resolved, That said committee be authorized to send for
persons and papers, and to report to this House by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. STANLY inquired of the Chair if the
resolution was received >
The SPEAKER said it was.
Obj'eetion being made,
Mi.CRAEB inquired of the Chair whether the
resolution would not be laid on the table, under
the lesolulion of the liith December'
The SPEAKER said he would decide that point
when it came up in its proper place.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of maktiiE; an ap-
, pruprmtion for the creí turn of a fort orolher military works,
on Hartlett Point, m the river St. Lawrence, in the county
of Jellerson, and State of haw York.
|     Mr. FILLMORE, on leave, presented to the
i House  several petitions; which were appropri-
ately referred.
1     Mr. TAYLOR submitted the following reso-
lution; which, under the nile, lies over one day:
Revolted, Th u the Soth rule of this House, which pro
villi s that •' all the Stal. s and Ttrritones" shall be called
, tor lcsolutioiis on each alternate .Mondav, during each ses-
I sum ol t engross, he suspended, alter this d.tj, during the
1 remanid! r ol the session.
On motion of Mr. DE GRAFF, it was
Hi^olrrd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stan li d lo inquirí into the propriety ol pacing a bill pro-
i viihin; lor the si ttleiiH ntol the accounts ot tin. late purser
M  Unción W. Ikisfwu k, and other officers and men who
were lost in the year if<n, on board the brig-ot-war Eper-
vier, which was founderfd li si a.
Mi. TITUS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day upon
the table:
iie\ol\ed Tint the Committee of Wavs and lUcms be
ihsLliaii;ed lioin the further tonsideraliou ol a resolution ot
tins Motis(,oI tlie 1 Uli Jauuarv , instructing said committee
to inquirí into the <>*p< ihencv oí an explanatory act m rc-
1 ttion to the laws linpo-ing duties on imports ; and, also,
from the limber consider ¡lion ol a communication from
the iseereiarv oi the Treasiirv. on the same day, ujion the
sum subji 11 , and that the s.ud resolution and eommuni
eatnm be ickrrcd lo ,i select committee.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, it was
llesohcl. That so much oí the resolution ot this House
ot the ¡ lib January, a-- rt quirts tlie Secret irj of War to
transmit to tins Hóti^e anv part of the proceedings of the
omnim-.sioners mule r the f.mu.'Onth article )t the tr< atv oí
iíSJtí with the Cherokee Indians, he, and the -ame is here-
hy, rest mded.
On motion of Mr. INGHAM, it was
Resolte!, That the Secretar) of theTtcasim ht instructed
to lommmneate to this House a statement ol the annual
evpc ndiiuic-- tor ¡ aeh n \ t ntie < utKi, < on-istim; ot lepan--,
t quiptm nts, ¡ Htons. othet r~- ami muiih n « \\ hjln, and other
uithiejuai tvpeiws, for the \ear 1KÍU to IKitf
On motton of Mr. TiLLLYGIIAST, it was
/ . vj.'iffi.   Tint Oilth Williams, ji , and S   W.H<ait,
pi i\ i'i'j, In p tftioit tor ihe K iii]ss,on ot cu tain dutie-,, have
l,a\c to withdraw --aid pennon- and the p ipcrs tiled there
v\ ¡til
On motion of Mr CUSHIXQ, iho ITrmap took
tip for consideration tho following pteambie and
resolution submitted by him on 31st December:
Whereas, in the rne=sn<re of the Pieaident of the United
Stan-, at tlie opening ot the eighteenth Congress, it was,
among other things, avnwnl and proclaimed as the settled
national pohev oi the t mted htat  >, th if. '• in the war  oí
the European Powers, m mitttis r< latmg; to themselves,
we have never takf n any part, nor does it compoitwith our
1 policy so to do ," that, "with the movements hi this hemi-
sphere we are, of necessity, more immediately connected ;'5
that " we owe it, therefore, to candor, and to the amicable
relations existing between the United States and those
Powers, to declaie that we should considei any attempt on
their part to extend their system to any portion of this hemi-
sphere as dangerous to our peace and safety;" that, '• with
the existing colonies 01 dependencies oí any Euiopean
Power, we have not interfered, and shall notniteifcie ; but
with the Governments who liave declared their independ-
ence and maintained it, and whose independence we have,
on great consideration and on just principles, acknowledged,
we could not view any interposition for the purpose of op-
pressing them, or controlling m anj other manner their des-
tiny, by any European Power, or in any other light than aa
the manifestation of an unfriendly disposition towards the
United States ;" and that(i it is impossible, therefore, that
we should behold ¡>uch interposition, m any form, with in-
difference."
Resolied, therefore^ That the President of the United
States be requested to inform this House, ii the same be
not, in his judgment, incompatible with the public interest,
what explanations the King of the French has rendered to
the United States in relation to the recent blockade ot a
part of the coast of the Mexican Republic by Fiance ; tlie
treatment of vessels of the United ¡States, public 01 private,
by the blockading squadron , the reduction of the castle of
San Juan de Uiloa; and the ulterior views and design-, of
the French Government respecting the Mexican Republic.
Al o, to inform the House whether he has proffered to either
of the contending parties the mediation of the United States
in the premises, and to communicate any correspondence
on the «ubjects aforesaid which may have passed between
the Government of the United States and that of France.
And that the President be in like manner requested to com-
municate to the House information of the same tenor in
regard to the blockade ot the Rio de la Plata by fhe French,
and the differences existing between the French Govern-
ment and that of the Argentine Republic.
Tlie resolution was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, it was
Revoked, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
transmuto this House a copy of a communication fiom Com-
modore Jesse D. Elliott to the late Secretary of the Navy,
which accompanied the Commodore's traiii-mission of the
proceedings ot the said court-martial against Lieutenant U.
J. Hunter, together with the deposition of the Governor of
Minorca in relation to the transactions involved m the sub-
ject before said court. Also, that he laybefoie this House
copies of all communications and papers furnished to the
Depirtment by Commodore Elliott in explanation of, or
having reference to. the complaint oí Passed Midshipman
Barton again*t the Commodore, a copy of which was called
lor by a rt solution of tins House of the 1st i'cbiuary in-tant,
and also of all communications on hie in the Department m
relation to the presentation of a service of plate to Com-
modore Elliott hy tlie (row ot the American ingate Con-
btilution, during the last crui&e of the said ship under ins
command.
Mr. ANDREWS submitted the following res-
olution; which, under the rule, lies one day on
the table:
Rcsohed, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to this House the names of all the Nav> officers who have
i been waiting orders on furlough, or otherwise off duty, tor
more than six months past, with the length ot time they
have been soofi duty, the amount of pay each has icceived,
and whether ,in> oftict r of the Navy receives a pension for
disability, at the same tune he is receiving pay aa an officer,
with tht names and amount in each case.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, it was
Retailed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to mriuiie upon u hal terms trie Indian poitraits,
taken hv George Catlin, ot distmgui-hed chiefs and braves,
belonging to about forty difierent nations, together with the
< o-tume-j, other runositu %, and sketcht a of the country,
collected and taken by the said Catlin. during seven years'
n-idence with and among the dilierent tribes ot western
Indians, can be obumui bv the Government, and into the
expediency of piireha-ing the «ame.
On motion of Mr. REED, U was
Resulted, Thai the Committf e on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for d aurvej of
, a dangerous shoal called Nantucket South shoal, situated
m the ocean, twenty or thirty miles from hnd, and greatly
t retarding amlob-tructmg the na\ laation between the North-
ern and Middle and Southern States, and al-o between the
United States and Emope.   Al-n, Ui.it thev inquire into the
| expediency ot providing btioj ¡, fur uiehaihorof Welltieet
and vicinity.
On motion of Mr. FLETCHER, it was
Re^o'ted, That the Committee on Commerce he instruct-
ed to impute into the expediency m making provision for
a stirvt v ol the Con i^-et R icks m M.i-sachusf tt^, h.ij . with
a view to the enction ot a liirlit house thereon.
On motion of Mr. BORDEN, it was
Resolte I) Thi* tin' Comimuee on the Post Office and
Po-t Roads be insfiucted tit inqime into the t xpedient y of
extending a po-t louto to the village ot Westport Point, m
the town ot Westport, Massachusetts.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following íesolu-
tion; winch, under the rule, lies over oned iy:
Resolved, That the rules and oideis for conducting the
bu-mess m toe Hou-e of Representatives be so amend* d,
that m the piovi-o of the I8th nile the word '■ Unity" he
strm k nut, acid the word líhi\ty ' m-erted ¡n iK place;
and that in the lastime but one ot the said proviso the word
** dxv'J he struck out, and the words '-and fouuh dav" he
inserted in its place.
