18B9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <&(&&
I
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be
engiossed-
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bassett, with an
amendment;
A bill to fix the compensation of the senior
cleik employed in the Adjutant and Inspector
General's office;
A bill for the relief of the Nantucket Steamboat
Company;
A bill for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands, who were deprived of the benefits of
the actgrantmg preemption i ights, which was ap-
proved on the 19th June, 1834;
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the 16th
sections gianted for the use of schools, and the
entry of other lands in lieu thereof,
A Dili to authorize Peter Warner, of Indiana,
to purchase a certain half section of land;
A bill for the relief of Asa Ai mmgton and oth-
ers;
A bill for the relief of EUsha Eld ridge, and
A bill for the lehef of the heirs of Agues. Dun-
das
A bilí for the benefit of the clerks m the office
of the Second Auditor of the Tieasury, was taken
up, and, on motion, was oidered to he on the
table.
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
A bill to prevent the in terfuence of certain Fed-
eral officers in elections was taken up, and
Mr BUCHANAN addressed the Senate for
three hours and a half in opposition to the bill,
and m reply to the remarks of Messrs Critten-
den and Rives.
Mr. PRESTON intimating his intention of ad-
diessing the Senate on the subject, the bill was
informally pass>ed over
SECURITY OF THE PUBLIC MONEY.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill more
effectually to secure the public money in the hands
of officeis and agents of the Government, and to
punish defaulters, was taken up as in Committee
of the Whole, and several amendments having
been offered by the Committee on Finance,
Mi WEBSTER said he was not prepared to
vote for these amendments, and wished a little
time to consider them.
Mr WRIGHT said that the bill had been be-
foie the Senate a considerable time, and he had
respectfully invited the attention of Senators here-
tofore to the subject. It was well known to every
Senator that it was necessaiy to act promptly on
the bill in this body, if they wished to secure its
passage the present session Mr. W. then ex-
plained the seveial amendments that had been
•submitted
Mr. WEBSTER said that, from his present
impressions, he could not say that there was
much in this bill that he would oppose, as its
tendency was to increase the just responsibility
of public officers; but there were some novel pio-
visions in it that he was not prepared, without
further consideration, to sanction. Mr W. here
commented on a punciple embraced in one of the
amendments.
Mr WRIGHT said that it had been a subject
of much complaint that, by the present s>ystem,
officers could retain funds in their hands, and at
the settlement of their accounts, if their claims
weie not admitted, they would defy the powei
of the Government, and would stand suit, where
their claims were almost invariably allowed. The
intention of the committee, by the amendment,
was to prevent courts entertaining a claim for
compensation for any service that was not pro
vidtd foi by law
Mr WEBSTER was opposed to the system
of counter-claims alluded to by Mr, Wright, but
thought that the bill gave too much powei to the
accounting officers, and he thought it ought to be
somewhat more limited He said that if the
eomtnittee had offered all their intended amend-
ments, he would wish they should be printed, j
and fuither aetion on them postponed until to- '
HlOliOW.
Mr WRIGHT said there was another amend-
ment which authorized the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury to employ a limited number of cleiks to en- |
able him to carry out the íequirements of the bill; |
and said that the committee had bubmitted all the
amendments which they contemplated offering
Mi RIVES then rose, and submitted a substi-
tute for the whole bilí, whieh -was read     [The '
substitute provides for the deposit of the revenues
and the securities of the Government in banks.]
Mr R said that he was aware that his substi-
tute was very imperfect, as he had drawn it up
hastily last night, after having, for the first time,
perused the bill brought in by the Committee on
Finance
Mr. WRIGHT thought the course of the Sen-
ator from Virginia a vei y strange one. The bill
had been introduced oil the 3d of January, and
had been íeported by the Committee on Finance
on the 8th of February, and yet gentlemen com-
plain that they have had no time to examine its
piovisions It was evident that this amendment,
from its extent, could not be ready for examina-
tion by to-morrow. He Would, therefore, give the
Senate notice that he would ask for the consider-
ation of the bill on Monday next
Mr RIVESthoughtthattheamendmentwould
be punted and placed before them in the morn-
ing, but he was not disposed to hurry the matter.
He said he might be considered guilty of a con-
stiuctive charge of inattention and neglect on this
subject,and, he would confess, with some reason.
But he had been so much employed by other mat-
ters of importance recently, that he had no time
to look into it before last night, when he hastily
drew up his substitute.
The substitute was then ordered to be printed
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Various bills from the House of Representa-
tives, on subjects connected with the District of
Columbia, were referred to the appropriate com-
mittee.
After a short executive session, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, February 14, 1839.
The first business in order being the report of
the select committee on the public lands, and Mr.
Robertson being entitled to the floor,
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked thatgentleman to
give way to allow him to present and lay on the
table a memorial of great importance.
Mr. ROBERTSON refused.
Mr CLARK made a similar request to Mr R,
to enable him to lay on the table a substitute for
the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON assented.
Mr. C.'s proposition was then laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed
Mr CAMBRELENG again urged his request
to Mr Robertson
Several Members asking the nature of the me-
morial,
Mi. CAMBRELENG stated that it was fiom
the collector of New York, complaining of the
proceedings of the select committee on defalca-
tions.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The unfinished business of the morning was
then resumed, being the following resolutions
heretofore repotted by Mr Tohnson, of Maiy-
land, from the select committee on the public
lands:
Resolvedy Fhtt the committee report to the House and
ask leave to be dischaiged Irotn the lurther consideration ot
the subject matters reierrfd to them, tnd th it tlie journ il
of the committer be reported and pnbhshed
itesofier/, further, 1 hat the committee deem it mexpedi
flit to take further st< ps on the subject ot the public lands
this session
The pending question being on the amendment I
of Mi RoBfRTSON to sti ike out all after the word '
" lesolved," and insert in lieu thereof a propo-
sition for the semi-annual distribution of the pio-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
several States of the Union, m the ratio of their
Federal numbers,
Mi ROBERTSON resumed, and again occu-
pied the flooi till the expiration of the hour
COMMITTEE ON DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then renewed his re-
quest to the House to be permittnd to present the
memorial he had before refened to. [Cries of
"No1" "No1"] Then (said Mr C ) I must
move a suspension of the rules, for it is a matter
involving great injustice to the collector of New
York, and I now ask for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ortiered
Mr. MENEFEE asked What the nretnortal
was.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he would explain,
if the House would allow him to do sd. FCrw*
of "No"* "No"']
Mr. SIBLEY intimated that he should prefer
to have it read, as he wanted to know upon what
he would be voting.
Mi CAMBRELENG sa!d, with the coftfjertt
of the House, he would make a brief statehient
of its contents. [Renewed cries of "Not"
"No"']
Mr GRANT moved a suspension of the rules,
that Mr. C. have leave to make the statement,
but being included in the motion ah eady made,
he did not press this
Mr MENEFEE desired to know whether this
be a memorial fiom the collectoi of the port of
New York, protestmgagainst the action of a com-
! mittee of this House'
l     Mr   CAMBRELENG     Not protesting, but
merely stating his own  case, and asking the
I House to take measures to prosecute the inquiry
in relation to a witness
1     Mr MENEFEE. That is to say, Mr Speaker,
(Mr  M's  voice was completely diowned by the
loud cries of " Order >" and the reporter heaid no
more, if he said it )
Mr. CHAMBERS expressed a hope that the
opposition to presenting this memorial would be
withdrawn
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 124, nays 73, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adam , John W Allen, Anderson, An-
drews, Atherton, Banks, Beany, Beirne, Bieknell, Birdsatl,
Borden, Bouldin, Brodlipad, Bronson, Buchanan, William
B Calhoun, Gambreleng, John Campbell, Carter, Casey,
Chamber , Chapman, Clowney, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Crary, Cu hman, Davee, Dc Graff, Dromgooie, Duncan,
Dunn, Elmore, Firrington, Fillmore, Fry, Gallup, James
Garland, Jame^ Graham,William Graham,Grantland,GraTit,
Gray, Grennell, Grimn, Haley, Hammond, Harrison, Har-
per, Hawkins Haynes, Herod Hoffman, Holsey, Holt,
Robert M T Hunter, Ingham, Thomas B Jackson, Jabez
Jackson, Henry Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
Keim, Kemble Kennedy, Kline;* n=mith, Lewi's, Logan,
Loomia, L\ on Marvin, Martin,Mckay, Robert McClellan,
Abraham McClellan, McClure, Milhgan, Wilier, Montgom-
ery, Moore, Morgan, toamuel VV Morris, Wunav, Noble,
Palmer, Parker, Parmonter Parns Paynter, Pennjbaeker,
Petnkm Pickens, Phlmer, Potts, Pratt John H Prentiss,
Reily, Richardson, Rives, Itoiu rtson, Sawyer, Sheffer,
Charles Shepard, Sheploi, Slade Southgate, Spencer,
Stuart, Sweanngen T iliaferro, Taylor, Tilomas, lltus,
Toucey, Towns, Turney, Vad, Vanderveer, Webster,
Weeks, Jared W Williams, Woii!ungton,and Yell,—134.
NAYS—Messrs Alexander, Hernán Allan, AycnggrBelI,
Bond, Bngg , John Calhoon, Cheatham, Child , Clark,
Crabb, Cran-ton, Crockett, Cunning, Darlington, Davies,
Deberry, Benin-*, Evdm, Evcictt, Ewing, Rice Garland,
Giddmg^,Gonde Graves, Halted, Hastings, Hawes, Henry,
Lincoln, Mallory, Sampson Mason, Maury, May, MaxweiU.
Menefee, Mercer, Mitchell, Calvary Moms, Ndylor, Noyes,
Ogle, Pearce, Peck, Sergeant S Prentiss, Putnam,ttanrjen,
Randolph, Reed, Bencher, Ridgway, Robinson, Russell,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Augustine H Shepperd, Shields, Sib-
ley, Stanly, Stone Stratum, I tllmghast, lolaud, Under-
wood, Albert S White, John White, Lewis Williams, Sher-
rard Williams, Joseph L Williams, Christopher H. Wil-
liams, Word, and Yorke—73
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting therefor )
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Secretary of the Navy, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of
Reptesentatives of the 1st instant, tiansmittmg
copies of certain chaiges piefcrred against Com-
modore Jesse D Elliott, by Passed Midshipman
Charles C Barton, and all communications in
lelation to said chaiges
Mr NAYLOR said it was his wish that this
communication should be referred to a select
committtec, and he made that motion He had
no desire to consume the time of the House, but
thought that the interest and honor of the Navy
and the counti y requn ed that tms communication
should have that reference There are complaints
from all the officers who were m the Mediterra-
nean, whilst he had command of that squadron,
of his unjust and unofficerlike conduct. He said
that there was not a vice degrading to humanity
that Elliott had not practiced and been guilty of
whilst he was in command on that sea. No vice
to which a man can be addicted, but what has
been chaiged against him on the files of the De-
partment Mr N then cited an article published
in the United States Gazette, in which Commo-
dore Elliott was puffing himself He demanded
why he did not come forward like an honoiable
