jm                                 THE CONCESSIONAL CHLOBE;                    February 18,
Mr. DEBEEEY.from the Committee on Agri-
culture, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of Professor J. B. Espy.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported the following resolution;
•which was concurred in:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the furtlier consideration of the several
memorials, petitions, Stc, which are now upon their table,
and unacted on, and that said committee have leave to place
the same in the custody of the Clerk of the House.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made unfavorable reports on the petition
of the heirs of Brockell Baldwin, and the petition
of Mary W. Thompson.
Mr. MeCLELLAN, of Tennessee, from the
same committee, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Joseph Backleys.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports on the petitions of E. D.
Peck, Henry Ward,and others, Major Sylvester
Churchill, and John Delgam.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, the Committee
on Territories was discharged from the further
consideration of a certain memorial of the Legis-
lative Council of Florida.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Dor-
othea B.Buckner, David Caiswell, Joanna Smith,
Susan Patton, Catharine Hay ward, Mary Wil-
liams, Phebe Smith, Margaret Steele, Joseph
Roberts, Abigail Allen, and Joseph Parker.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, made an
unfavorable report on the petition of Margaret
Arkina.
On motion of Mr. FRY, the same committee
■was discharged from the petitions of John Croft,
Barbara Forbes, and Calvin Goodno.
Mr. BOND, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Alexander Williamson.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Charles Lar-
rabee, and the petitioner granted leave to with-
draw his papers.
Also, made unfavorable reports on the petitions
of Richard B. Brumfield and Captain Abraham
N. Brevoort.
On motion of Mr. STANLY, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of Joseph
M. Rhea, John Aston, and William Scott.
Mr. ALLAN, of Vermont, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, mude unfavorable reports on
the petitions of Francis Griffith, James Campbell,
and Daniel Fielding.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky,
the same committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petitions of Isaac Allen,
Augustine Bradford, Martha Green, Joseph
Brown, Joseph Itowler, Thomas Bronougb, Eh-
sha Deming, Thomas Baker, Moses Smith, Mer-
rill Pillbury, and David Morse.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Roads and Canals was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of inhabitants
of St. Augustine, Florida, praying a donation of
land to construct a railroad from St. Augustine
to Picolata.
On motion of Mr. MeKENNAN, the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals was discharged from
the further consideration of certain resolutions
of a public meeting held at Mineral Point, Wis-
consin, asking for a donation of land; and also
various memorials from the Wisconsin Legisla-
ture.
On motion of Mr. FLETCHER, the Commit-
tee on Patents was discharged from the consid-
eration of a resolution of the House asking an in-
quiry into the propriety of refunding to applicants
for a reissue of patents the fees paid by the same.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the Commit-
tee on Patents was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of George Gray.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Major
Thomas Harrison; and the petitioners granted
leave to withdraw the same.
Mr. DARLINGTON, from the Committee on
Claims, made unfavorable reports on the peti-
tions of McCrae and Wakefield, and G. W. San-
ders.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, in
obedience to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 11th instant, transmitting copies
of certain charges against Commodore J. D.
Elliott, by Lieutenant Hunter, &c, &c.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, referred
to the select committee appointed to investigate
charges against the Commodore.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
went into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the " bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year 1839."
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. BRONSON, to reduce the appropriation for
compensation to the Board of Navy Commis-
sioners one half, with a view to abolish the board
on the 1st of July next.
Mr. EVANS, who was entitled to the floor, de-
fended the character of the board, and expressed
his surprise at this precipitate proposition to abol-
ish what had been considered as one of the most
important Departments of the Government, with-
out a report from a committee, without a recom-
mendation; nay, more, they were told the Secre-
tary of the Navy desired to retain it. Were they,
without any examination, scarcely with consid-
eration, but upon mere vague rumor and news-
paper paragraphs, to cut otf this branch of the
service? The complaints made were not charge-
able to the Navy commissioners, for they were
merely subservient to the Secretary of the Navy;
and upon him should the responsibility rest. He
denied that the bureau system would be more ef-
fective than the present board, or that it would
produce a more direct, responsibility. Mr. E.
i then went on to answer the charges brought
against this board.
Mr. MALLORY,in reply, said the gentleman
had substantially proved the truth of every alle-
gation made by Mr. M. and others; for, in the
course of his remaiks, he had cited a number of
documents which had escaped Mr. M., all, he
found, goingto substantiate them. Mr. M. then
addressed the committee at considerable length in
opposition to the continuance of this board; and
gave the details of a plan he adverted to a day or
two ago—the establishment of a system of bu-
íeaus.
Mr. JENIFER opposed the amendment with
much earnestness, though he pledged himself if
I it could be proven that this board was useless,
and a better substitute were presented, he would
vote for it; but the proposed way of abolishing
was insidious in its effect, ill timed, and ill placed.
Mr. KENNEDY then obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr. CAMBRELENG, on whose motion the
above bill was laid aside; and thecommiuce took
up and considered the bill to extend the time of
issuing the balance of the Treasury notes author-
ized by the bill of last session.
The commute then rose, and reported the above
bill without amendment; and it was ordered tobe
read a third time on Monday.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 18, 1839.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication in relation to the condition of the Bank
of Mineral Point, in the Territory of Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a preamble and resolutions of the con-
, vrnLion of delegates  lately in session at St.  Jo-
\ sephs, Florida, praying Congress to pass a  law
to remedy certain evils connected with banking
and other incorporations; which were ordered to
be printed, and lie on the table.                                I
PETITIONS,  ETC.
Mr. WALL presented documents showing the
number of suits on the trial dockets of the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
seventh circuit, during the lastthree yeass; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES presented a petition of a num-
ber of citizens of New York, praying the estab-
lishment of a fog bell in Long Island Sound;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
rn6t"C6.
Also, a petition of John Shaw, for the benefit
of drawback on certain exported hemp; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Ira A.
Sabin, to be allowed a preemption right to a tract
of land, and a document showing the necessity
of an increase of clerks in the office of the sur-
veyor general of the district of Arkansas; which
were severally referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
Mr. LINN presented a petition of the half-
breeds of the Sac and Fox Indians, praying Con-
gress to confirm a certain law of the Legislative
Council of the Territory of Wisconsin; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FULTON presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Arkansas, asking
the establishment of ports of entry at Little Rock
and Van Buren, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of
Arkansas, in relation to the relinquishment of the
sixteenth section adjoining Fort Smith, and to
obtain the confirmation of titles to lands under
Spanish confirmations; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of the
Legislative Council of Florida, praying the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the enrollment of volun-
teers for the defense of the Territory; which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens residing in the Rock river country,
in Illinois, for the establishment of a new land
office; which, after some remarks from Messrs.
YOUNG, CLAY of Alabama, and LINN, was
ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred an act for the relief
of Isaac Lilley, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Also, an act for the relief of Samuel Hoffman,
with an amendment.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred an act for the relief
of the assignees of Jacob Clements, deceased, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. RORBINS, from the Committee on the part
of the Senate acting jointly with the committee
appointed on the part of the House, on the Smith-
sonian bequest, submitted certain resolutions
thereon; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. R., from the same committee, reported a
bill providing for the disposition and management
of the fund bequeathed to the United States, in
trust, by James Smithson,of London,for the es-
tablishment of an institution for rtie increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Susan Gratiot, administratrix of Charles Gra-
tiot, deceased, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. RIVES, from  the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred an act to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to purchase a tract of
land belonging to the heirs of John Harris, de-
! ceased, reported the same without amendment.
|     Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the
¡ Public Lands, to which was referred the act for
¡ the relief of Parish Carter and the heirs of Charles
i Williams, deceased, reported the same without
j amendment.
| On motion of Mr. PIERCE, the petition of the
:' widow of James B. Spafford, a revolutionary
I pensioner, was recommitted to the Committee on
1 Pensions.
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims adverse to the petition of Preserved Clapp,
was considered and agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following, having been engrossed, were
severally read the third time, and passed:
The bill to incorporate Georgetown College, in
the District of Columbia;
The bill supplemental to the " act granting cer-
