18S9¿
HIE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBR
tain city lots to the corporation of the OolunAiají
College for the purposes therein mentioned/'ap-
pioved July 14, 1832;
The bill to extend the jurisdiction of the Cor-
poration of the city of Washington over the Po-
tomac bridge, &c; and
The joint resolution authorizing the opening of
an alley and the execution of certain deeds in the
city of Washington.
MIRA ALEXANDER.
The bill for the relief of Mira Alexander was
read the second time; and on the question of its
engrossment,after a discussion in which Messis.
CRITTENDEN, NILES, HUBBARD, MOR-
RIS, CALHOUN, NORVELL, PIERCE, and
WHITEparticipated, it was decided in the affirm-
ative^—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Fulton,Linn, Merrick, Norvell, Rives, ltoane,
Robbing, Robinson, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Walker,
White, Williams of Mississippi, and Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
bama, Hubbard, King, Lyon, Morns, JVIouton, Niles, Pierce,
Prentiss, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Wall, Williams
of Mame, and Wnght—17.
RESOLUTIONS OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. MOUTON said that before taking up the
order of the' day, he begged to be permitted to
present certain resolutions from the Legislature
of the State of Louisiana, adverse to the inde-
pendent Treasury system, and in favor of a na-
tional bank. He had received these resolutions
last evening by the express mail, and felt anxious
to lay them before the Senate at the first oppor-
tunity. These resolutions involved great and
important principles of policy and constitu-
tional questions of vital interest to the country.
He would not take up the time of the Senate in
discussing their merits; this was a question alto-
gether with him and the Legislatuie of Louisiana,
and, differing with them, he intended to address
them a letter giving his views. He moved that
they might be read and printed.
The resolutions were then read, and ordered
to be printed.
The bill for the armed occupation and settle-
ment of Florida, and the bill in addition to an act
to promote the useful arts, were severally read a
second time, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SECURITY OF PUBLIC MONEY.
The bill more effectually to secure public
money in the hands of officers and agents of the
Government, and to punish public Uefaulteis,
was taken up.
The amendments submitted by the committee
were consideied and adopted.
The question was then taken on the substitute
offered by Mr. Rives; and after somo lemarks
from Messrs. RIVES, WRIGHT, and CAL-
HOUN, the substitute was rejected—yeas 15,
nays 27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs Bajard, Clay of Kentucky, Davis,
Knight, McKe.m, Mernck, Pientiss, Eives, Rusgles, Smith
ol Indiana, Spence, Hivilt, Tallmadge, Webster, and
Wlriie—15.
NAYS—Messrs Allen,Benton, Brown,Buchanan,Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, ltoane,
Robinson, Sevier, Plinth of Connecticut, Slrj.ige, Walker,
Wall. Williams of Maine, Williams ot Mississippi, Wright,
and Young—S7.
The question then recurring on the engrossment
of the bill,
After some remarks from Messrs. CALHOUN
and TALLMADGE, the latter offered to amend
the bill, by providing that when the collectors
shall deposit the public money in any bank, they
shall deposit it to the credit of the Tieasurei of
the United States.
The question was taken on this amendment,
and it was lost—yeas 20, nays 22; as follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Cnttenden,
Davis, ICmght, McKean, Merrick, Nicholas, Prentiss,
Rives, Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Webster, White, and Young—
20.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Pulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lyon, Morns,
Mouton, Nile , Norveil, Pierce, Roane, Smith of Connec-
ticut, Strange, Walker, Wall, Williams of Maine, Williams
of Mississippi, and Wright—22.
Mr. CLAY then moved that the Senate ad-
journ, which motion was decided in the negative.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and it
was carried—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lj on, Mouton,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pieice, Roane. Robinson. Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Walker, Wall, Williams
of Mame, Williams of Mississippi, Wnght, and Young—
28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Cnttenden,
THvis, Knight, McKean. Merrick, Prentiss, Rives, Ruggles,
Smith of Indiana, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Webster, and
White—16
The Seriate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 18, 1839.
Mr. MALLORY asked leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resohed, That for the more effectual execution of the
ministerial duties of the Navy Department, the Secretary
ot the Navy be directed to 'eportto this House, at the com-
mencement of the next Congi ess, apian for the reorganiza-
tion of this branch of the public seivice, adopting as the
basis of his plan the division of those duties now performed
bv the board of commissioners, and thtir assignment to sep-
arate bureaus.
Objection being made,
Mi. M. moved a suspension of the rules; which
was agreed to—ayes 106, noes 26; and the reso-
lution being received,
Mr. M. moved its present consideration; but,
At the suggestion of Mr. EVANS, who inti-
mated his intention to prepare some amendments
to it, the resolution was laid over till to-morrow.
Mr. INGHAM, on leave, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported, without amendment,
Senate bill to íegulate the pay of masters m the
Navy.
Mr. PARMENTER asked leave to move to
print the proceedings of the Demociatic portion
of the Massachusetts Legislature on the subject
of an independent treasury; which was objected
to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
This being petition day,
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested that all peti-
tions on the subject of abolition be excluded.
Mr. ADAMS said he had about four hundred
petitions to present, about some of which there
might be doubts as to whether they related to ab-
olition or not; and how was the question to be
decided ?
The SPEAKER said the motion of Mr. C. was
out of order.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then moved that those
members who had petitions to present, deliver
them at the Clerk's table, and that tney be entered
on the Journal as though formally presented. By
this couise, nearly a whole day would be gamed
for the business of the House.
Mr. PICKENS protested against establishing
such a precedent, for it was in violation of their
lights and their respectability.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, Mr. LINCOLN, and
Mr. ROBERTSON opposed the motion.
The SPEAKER refcired to the Journal of last
session, when a similar order was adopted.
Mr. ADAMS said that resolution was adopted
on the 2d of July, only five days before the ad-
journment of Congress.
Mr. C. H.WILLIAMS moved to suspend the
rules to receive Mr. Cambreleng's motion.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, moved to
lay that motion on the table. Lost.
Mr. ADAMS then called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend, but they were íefused,
and the motion was agreed to—ayes 108, noes 49.
The following petitions weie specially brought
to the notice of the reporter:
Mr. DOTY presented a statement of the condi-
tion and standing of the Bank of Mineral Point,
in Wisconsin, made by a committee of the Legis-
lative Assembly, which is as follows:
" The annexed i^ a statement of the condition of the Bank
of Mineral Point, January 4,18J9. as taken trom the report |
ot the committee.                                                             .
Discounted bills.............................$65,848 58 !
Securities....................................  M,49j *> I
Contingent expenses.........................    *'2.   ?7
Advances on lead.......................     -*    9,730 1}
Profit anil loss................................         ~>> 41
Cash-
United States Treasury notes.........07,995 37
Illinois, Missouri, and New York bank
notes ........!....................17,558 00
Specie in bank       ..................^'tti ft
Corporation notes ..................  L«94 ou
C"E«*' ......................... ±S2Lf! 69>498 48
Banking transe and furniture. .. ...,....,..,-•:.   2,331101
Bank of Wisconsin...... ...........,...v.....   5,590 68
Branch of Illinois State Bank at Galena........    .¿70 7ft
Advances on public buildings...........*......*.      908 IB
Overdrafts....................................    537 SO
$175,M5 68
Capital stock....,..........................SlOtt.OOO 00
Discount received...........................        743 64
Circulation.........................,.......   58,075'TO
Deposits......................,..............   21,718 as
$175,545 62
The committee close the report as follows:
"Prom a full and particular mvestigauon of its hooks and,
funds, and from the statements of its cashier, under oath,
as well as from the general confidence of the community in
which it i  placed, >our committee unhesitatingly express
the belief that the Bank of Mineral Point is in a sound and
safe condition."
Mr. D. also presented the petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, to establish a post route from
Southport to Foxville, and a post office at Utica.
Also, two petitions of inhabitants of Wisconsin,
praying that a hai bor may be constructed at Mil-
waukee.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, presented the
memorial of the Legislature of Alabama, asking
an extension of the piovisions of the preemption
law of June, 1838, fco as to include certain citi-
zens who aie equitably entitled, but not embraced
by said act; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. Also, the petition of certain
citizens of Cherokee county, Alabama, also for
an extension of the provisions of the preemption
law, for the benefit of several classes of settlers
who are equitably entitled; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. Also,, the
petition of certain citizens residing on the section
of public land where it is supposed the Selrna
and Tennessee railroad will terminate, atGunter's
Landing, on the Tennessee river, who are enti-
tled to preemptions, giving their assent to an act
of Congress granting the said section to said rail-
road company, and asking a right of preemption
elsewhere in lieu thereof, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Also, the peti-
tion of Ehsha Mouland, Robert J. Kennedy, and
Madison E. Lewis, of Alabama, praying each a
right of preemption in lieu of those of which they
have been deprived; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Also, the petition
of Challes Tayloi, of Madison county, Alabama,
for a right of preemption; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Also, the peti-
tion of Captain Matthew Grant, and Captain
James Lamar, lately commanding companies in
the service of the United States, in the emigration
of the Cherokees, praying to have refunded money
expended by them for provisions, &c, for their
companies before they were mustered into ser-
vice and furnished by the Government; which
was refened to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Ala-
bama, asking Congress to relinquish the Muscle
Shoal canal, on the Tennessee river, to said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. FLETCHER, of Vermont, presented sun-
dry resolutions of the inhabitants of Montpeher,
Washington county, State of Vermont, and its
vicinity, in convention assembled on the 17th of
December, 1838, and adjourned to the 39th of the
same month, upon the wanton and barbarous at-
tack on the steamer Caroline, the neutrality law,
and the difficulties on the Canadian frontiers, and
moved that the same be committed to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and bo printed. Also,
the petition of Joseph Brown, praying for an in-
crease of pension, and moved that the same be
refened to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition of John Nelson and numerous
inhabitants of Ryegate, county of Caledonia, and
State of Vermont, praying the abolition of sla-
very 111 the District of Columbia, and in Florida,
the traffic in slaves,, admission of States into the
Union recognizing slaveiy, and the annexation
of Texas to the Union. Also, the petition of
Walter Haivey ami numeious inhabitants of
Barnet, same county and State, praymg for the
same objects.
Mr. HALEY presented the petition of one hun-
dred and sixteen citizens of New London, Con-
necticut, praying that no State be admitted into
the Union whose constitution tolerates slavery,
