THE COMmESBlÜME GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
25th Congressj 3d Session,
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1839.
VOL.7.....No. 14.
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Wall,
Wiihams of Maine, Williams of Mississippi, Wright, and
Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Foster, Knight,Memck, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Rives, RuggleSj Smith oflndiana, Swift, and Tail-
roadge—15.
LANDS IN MISSOURI AND ARKANSAS.
The bill to revive the act entitled " An act to en-
able the claimants to land within the limits of Mis-
souri and the Territory of Arkansas to institute
proceedings to try the validity of their claims,"
approved the 26th of May, 1824, and the act
amending the same, was taken up for considera-
tion; and after some remarks from Messrs. LINN,
BUCHANAN,MOUTON, BAYARD, SEVIER
and CRITTENDEN, it was informally passed
over,
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year 1839 was taken up; and after
being amended so as to make provision for the
construction of three steam vessels, was ordered
to be engrossed.
AMERICA VESPUCCI.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the memo-
rial of America Vespucci, made the following re-
port thereon:
The Committee on the PuMie Lands, to which was re-
ferred so much of the petition of America Vespucci as
relates to a pram of land, beg leave to report:
That, conceiving it to be their duty to veiify the facts
upon which the application was founded, they have exam-
ined a voluminous mass of documentary evidence, and find
the statements of the memorial to be fully sustained. Tney
have seen the authentic certificates of baptism, through
many geiieiations,of the Vespucci family tn Florence,which
attest the lineage and descent of the memorialist. They have
read the highly favorable and complimentary letter of the
Queen of the French,through her secretary,to the petitioner.
They have read the letter to her of the King of the French,
through the Minister of the interior, subscribing far a work
for the King, of which she was the author ; and have also
read the permission of the French Minister of the Marine
for her to sail in a French national vessel. The commit-
tee have al&o had before them her credentials from the
Minister of Tuscany in France, and many other papers of
high character and authenticity in her favor. They have
also witnessed her own personal deportment here, and the
manner in-which she has been received by the French le-
gation ; which, added to other testimonials, leave not a
doubt of the identity of the memorialist, and the truth of
her representations.
After the lapse, then, of more than three centuries, a de-
scendant of the celebrated Ameneus Vespucius is amongst
us. This heroic navigator, helero, and also after, the close
ofthe fifteenth centuiy, landed upon iht; shorts of the New
World, among the most Steely and scientific of tho^e who
succeeded the great and preeminent Columbus m the dis-
covery of this continent. A descriptive nanative of ¡us sev-
eral voyages was written and published by Aincneus, and
Europe baptised with his name this njighty continent. This
name can never now be abandoned. It is the name of our
hetoved country. It is associated with all the glories oi the
past, and the ¡still brighter hopes of the future. It is written
upon our national Constitution, and engraven upon the heart
Of every true American, under this name we have suc-
ceeded in two struggles with the most formidable Power m
Europe, and have so wonderfully augmented in population
that, should the same ratio of increase continue for the fu-
ture, the close of this century will find within our limits
more than one^hundred millions of people, and more than
five millions witáán the single city of New York. In re-
flecting, then, with glory upon the name of America, can
we forget the great navigator from whom we derived this
proudest of earthly titles? A descendant of Ameneus is
now here; a young, interesting, digmíieü, and accomplished
lady, with a mind of the highest intellectual culture, and a
heart beating with ail our own enthusiasm in üic cause of
American and of human liberty. She feels that the name
she bears is a prouder title than any that eaithiy monarchs
can bestow, and she comes here asking of us a small cor-
ner of American soil, where she may pass the leinamder of
iier days in this the land of her adoption. She comes here as
an exiie3 separated forever from her family and friends, a
stranger, without a country and without a home, expelled
from her native Italy for the avowal and maintenance of
opinions favorable to free institutions, and an ardent desire
for the establishment of her country's freedom. That bhe
is indeed worthy of the name of Ameriea ; that her heart is
indeed imbued with American principles, and a. fervent love
of human liberty, is proved, in her case, by toils and penis
and sacrifices worthy of the proudest days of antiquity,
when the Roman and the Spartan^ matron were ever ready
to surrender life itself in their country's service.
The. petitioner desires the donation to her of a small
tract of land by Congress. With every feeling of respect
and kindness for the memorialist, a majority of the com-
mittee deem it impossible for this Government to make the
(yaat.   They think such a grant wihout a precedent, ana
14
that it would violate the spirit of those compacts by which
the public domain was ceded to this Government. It is the
unanimous and anxious desire of the committee that the
petitioner should receive all the benefits and recognition
that this Government can bestow. What this Government
cannot do is within the power of the American people.
They feel at least an equat pride and glory with us in the
name of America. Throughout our wide-extended coun-
try, among all classes, this feeling is universal; and in the
humblest cottage the poorest American feels that name—the
name of his beloved country is a prouder title than any that
adorns the monarch's brow, and that if he has no other
property, thi-¡ name, with all its great and glorious associa-
tions with the past and hopes for the future, is an all-suffi-
cient heritage to transmit to his children. 'This generous,
patriotic, and enlightened people will take into their own
hands the case of America Vespucci. They will procure
for her that home which she desires among us. They will
do all that Congress is forbidden to do, and infinitely more
than she asks or desires, and demonstrate to the world that
the name of America, our country's name, is dear to us all,
and shall be honored, respected and cherished in the per-
son of the interesting exile from whose ancestor we de-
rive the great and glorious title.
The report was ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which the subject of the construction
of steam vessels had been referred, made a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted the
following message from the President of the Uni-
ted States:
To the Senate ofthe United States:
I lay before Congress several dispatches from
his Excellency the Governor of Maine, with in-
closures, communicating certain proceedings of
the Legislature of that State, and a copy of the
repiy of the Secretary of State, made by my di-
rection, together with a note from H. S. Pox,
Esq., Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Pleni-
potentiary of Great Britain, with the answer of
the Secretary of State to the same.
It will appear from those documents that a
numerous band of lawless and desperate men,
chiefly from the adjoining British provinces, but
without,the authority or sanctionof the provincial
government, had trespassed upon that portion oí
the territory in dispute between the United States
and Great Britain which is watered by the river
Aroostook, and claimed to belong to the Slate
of Maine; and that they had committed extensive
depredations there by cutting and destroying a
very large quantity of timber. It will further
appear that the Governor of Maine, having been
officially apprised of the circumstance, had com-
municated it to the Legislature, with a tecom-
mendation of such provisions, in addition to those
already existing by law, as would enable him to
arrest the course of said depredations, disperse
the trespassers, and secure the timber which they
were about carrying away, that in compliance
with a resolve of the Legislature, passed in pur-
suance of his recommendation, his Excellency
had dispatched the land agent of the State, with
a force deemed adequate to that purpose, to the
scene ofthe alleged depredations, who, after ac-
complishing a part of his duty, was seized by a
band of the trespassers, at a house claimed to be
within the jurisdiction of Maine, whither he had
repaired for the purpose of meeting and consult-
ing with the land agent of the Province of New
Brunswick, and conveyed as a prisoner to Fred-
eriekton.in that province, together with two other
citizens of the State, who were assisting him in
the discharge of his duty.
It will also appear that the Governor and Le-
gislature of Maine, satisfied that the trespassers
had acted in defiance of the laws of both coun-
tries, learning that they were in possession of
arms,and anticipating (correctly, as the result has
proved) that persons of their reckless and despe-
rate character would set at nought the authority
of the magistrates, without the aid of a strong
force, had authorized the sheriff, and the officer
appointed in the place of the land agent, to em-
ploy at the expense of the State, an armed posse,
who had proceeded to the scene of these depre-
dations, with a view to the' entire dispersion or
arrest of the trespassers, and the protection ofthe
public property.
In the correspondence between the Governor
of Maine and Sir John Harvey, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor ofthe Province of New Brunswick, which
has grown out of these occurrences, and is like-
wise herewith communicated, the former is re-
quested to recall the armed party advanced into
the disputed territory for the arrest of tres-
passers, and is informed that a strong body of
British troops is to be held in readiness to support
and protect the authority and subjects of Great
Britain in said territory. In answer to that re-
quest, the Provincial Governor is informed of the
determination of the State of Maine to support
the land agent and his party in the performance
of their duty, and the same determination for the
execution of which provision is made by a resolu-
tion of the State Legislature, is communicated
by the Governor to the General Government.
The Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick,
in calling upon the Governor of Maine for a re-
call ofthe land agent and his party from the dis-
puted territory, and the British Minister in malting
a similar demand upon the Government of the
United States, proceed upon the assumption that
an agreement exists betwepn the two nations con-
ceding to Great Britain, until the final settlement
ofthe boundary question, exclusive possession
of, and jurisdiction over, the territory in dispute.
The important bearing which such an agreement,
if it existed, would have upon the condition and
interests of the parties, and the influence it might
have upon the adjustment of the dispute,are too
obvious to allow the error upon which  this as-
sumption  seems to rest to  pass for a moment
without correction.    The answer of the Secre-
tary of State to Mr. Pox's note, will show the
ground taken by the Government of the United
States upon this point.  It is believed that all the
correspondence which has passed between the
two Governments upon this subject has already
been communicated to Congress, and is now oh
their files.    An abstract of it, however, hastily
prepared, accompanies this communication.    It
is possible that, in thus abridging a voluminous
correspondence, commencing in 1855 and contin-
uing to a very recent period, a portion may have
been accidentally overlooked; but it is believed
that nothing has taken place which would ma-
terially change the aspect of the question, as
therein presented.    Instead of sustaining she as-
sumption  of the  British functionaries, that cor-
respondence disproves the existence of any such
agreement.   It shows that the two Governments
have diffeied not only in icgard to the main ques-
tion of title to the tciritory in dispute, but with
reference also to the right of jurisdiction, and the
fact of the actual exercise of it in different por-
tions thereof.     Always aiming at an  amicable
adjustment of the dispute, both parties have en-
tertained and repeatedly urged upon each other a
desire that each should exercise its rights, what-
ever it considered them to be, in such a manner
| as to avoid collision, and allay, to the greatest
j practicable extent, the excitement likely to grow
j out of the controversy.    It was in pursuance of
! such an understanding  that  Maine and  Massa-
1 chusetts, upon the remonstrance of Great Britain,
j desisted from making sales of lands, and  the
! General Government from the construction of a
! projected military road in a portion of the terri-
| tory of which they claimed to have enjoyed the
j exclusive possession-, and that Great Britain, on
I her part, in deference to a similar remonstrance
j from the United States, suspended the issue of
: licenses to cut timber in the territory in contro-
versy, and also the survey and location of a rail-
road through a section of country over which
she also claimed to have exercised exclusive ju-
risdiction.
The State of Maine had a right to arrest the
depredations complained of; it belonged to her to
judge of the exigency ofthe occasion calling for
her interference; and it is presumed that had the
Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick been
correctly advised of the nature of the'proceedings
