212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The question being taken by tellers, on second-
ing the motion, it was rejected—ayes 48, noes 89.
Mi LINCOLN then addressed theHouse,and
after warm commendations of the message, went
at large into the general subject.
He was succeeded by Mi. CUSHING, who
strenuously denied the existence of any agree-
ment between the two Governments that, pend-
ing the controversy, Gieat Britain was to hold
exclusive juusdiction over the disputed temtory,
and adverted to theaggiessive claims of that Gov-
ernment, her course toward the Indians, and on
the northwestern coast, &c.
Mr. WHITTLESEY demanded the previous
question; which was seconded, put, earned,and
the question of reference agreed to without a di-
vision.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the Committee
on Poieign Afians liad leave to sit duung the
sessions of the House.
Mr. BRONSON moved to print twenty thou-
sand copies of these documents.
Mi. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, objected to
the consideration of the íesolution at this time;
and, at the suggestion of severa! gentlemen that
it would be better to print them with the repoit
of the committee, Mi. Bronsov did not press his
motion.
DEFALCATIONS OP SWARTWOUT.
Mr. HARLAN asked leave to iqioi t fiom the
select committee appointed to mqune into the
defalcations of Swartwout and othcis
Mr OAMRRCLENG said he must oljoct to
anything interposing to prevent the action of the
House on the appiopriation bill Moicovei, the
committee had usen fot the sole ¡impose ot le-
ceiving the Piesident's m< ssage on the Maine
question, and that having been disposed of, the
unfinished business should be íesumed.
Mr. HARLAN theieupon moved a suspension
of the lules
Mr. WISE demanded the yeas and nays,
winch, being oiden d, weie—yeas 85, nays 59.
Not being two thirds, the rules weie not sus-
pended.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then went into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed
the consult i ution of the ge m i al appropi latum bill,
the pending (pif si ion still being on Milking out
the appiopu uimistoi the branch mints of North
Cni'dma, (jtoigi i, and Louisiana, and pioviding
salanca for peisons to supcivise the'pubiic piop
trty then it
Mi. OAMKRELENG gave notice that he
would k main hi it all night, and move a call of
the House, uuliei than again use without closing
the am< ndments on this bill
The debate was continued at gnat length by
M i.s OGLE, BYNUM, "GRAHAM, and
XIENCHER
Mi. CAiMBRELENG appeal, d to the House
to take the question, and let the bill bi   íeporttd
And the que stion on the amendment was taken,
and tejected
Mi CHAMBERS piopostd to amend the bill
by adding a piovi&mn requiring the colleetois of
customs to deposit the money coming into then
hands to the ciedit of tht Tieasuiei of the United
States, subject to warrant, &c.
The CHAIRMAN slid that if theie was any
objection, he should pronounce this amendment
out of Older.
Mr CHAMBERS supposed no gentleman
■Would obji et
Mr.PETRIKIN alluded to the shoit space of
time left, and objected.
Mi CHAMBERS Then let the gentleman
take the responsibility. I now move to stake
out the enacting clause of the bill, so that the gen-
tleman will gam no time on the score of debate,
by objecting to this amendment.
Some remarks followed from Messis CHAM-
BERS, CAMBRELEXG, and PETRITON.
Mr. CHAMBERS withdrew his motion to
strikeout the enacting clause, and again oífeicd
his amendment for the purpose of talcm  an ap-
peal.                                                              °
t But, on the suggestion of Mr MERCER, Mr.
C. withdrew the amendment, with the intention
to move a suspension of the rule in the House,
for the purport of offering it there.
Mr. HALSTED moved to amend the bill by
providing that no part of the contingent fund of
the Post Office Department should be expended
in payingfoi the dmneisof thecleiks, which Was
rejected
Mr. H. moved further toamend the bill by re-
ducing the appropriation for the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate to $30,000, which was re-
jected.
Mi. GRAVESoffeiedan amendment,the effect
of which would be to reduce a certain class of
cloiks in the Post Office, who now enjoyed an ad-
vantage over others by having had ten per cent,
added to their salaries, to the same level with the
rest, by taking off twenty per cent, fiom what
they nowieceived
The amendment was opposed by Mr. CAM-
BRELENG, and rejected.
After an ineffectual attempt by Mr. RIVES to
ge t an amendment to increase the salaries of col-
leetois of the smallei ports of the Union, with
especial reference to the collector at Petersburg,
Virginia,
The committee rose and reported the bill to the
House.
Mr CHAMBERS offered an amendment, the
effect of which would be to prohibitany collector
from letammg in his hands moneys paid under
piotest, and requuinghim to deposit the same in
bank to the cieditof the Treasurer of the United
States.
The amendment was adopted.
The House then concurred in the amendments
leported fiom the committee, save a few which
weie icserved for discussion, which were ordeied
to be punted.
Mi BELL moved an adjournment; but with-
diew the motion at the request of
Mi EVANS, who, by leave, laid on the table
a communication fiom Governor Eanfield to the
Legislature of Maine, which, he observed, pie-
sented a very critical state of things there. The
leading was disjiensed with, and the document
ordeied to be punted for the information of the
membeis
Mi JENIFER, on leave, offered a resolution
calling toi certain mloimation in íelation to the
tobacc o nade
A bill in explanation of a bill for the reorgani-
sation of the United States Matine Coips was
lead twice and committed
Mr fcWING asked leave to piesentjomt les-
olutionsof the Ligislatuie of Indiana on the sub-
ject of slaveiy, but it wat. objected to, and leave
was u fused
Mi DAWSON, from a select committee, made
a tepoit on certain claims of the State of Geoigia;
which was lead and referíed
Mr BEATT'V moved an adjournment, (about
half past ten o'clock )
Mi. HARLAN requested him to withdraw it,
that he might piesent a lepoit fiom the investi-
gating committee on the Swaitwout defalcation.
Mi   BEATTY íefusing,
Mi   HARLAN demanded theyead and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied, and, being
taken, lesulted—yeas 45, nays 59.
So the House refused to adjourn
Mr HOPKINS moved that there be n call of
the House.
Mi. BEIRNE demanded the yeas and «ays
Mi WISE lemonstrated All the committee
desned was to get the repoit out of their hands
into those of the punter
Mi MERCER hoj>ed the report would be re-
ceived, and oitiered to be printed
Mr. HOPKINS withdiew his motion for a
call
Mi OWENS stated that the ¡cport of the
minority would be ready in the morning, and it
being undcistood that both leports should be pie-
sented simultaneously to morrow moinmg, the
House (a few minutes before eleven o'clock) ad-
journed
IN SENATE.
Wedvlsdii, I^ehuartj 27, 1S39
Mi. McKEAN presented the memorial of the
Philadelphia Board of Tiade, praying a furthei
appropriation for the completion of the light-
house on Biandywmeshoals; which was retened
to the Committee on Commeiee.
Mr. YOUNG piesented the petition of A. B.
Patterson and others, citizens of Wan en county,
Illmois,praying the establishment of apostioute;
which was referí ed to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOUTON piesented the petition of a num-
ber of the citizens of the State of Louisiana,
praying the entne repeal of the naturalization
laws now in force, and the passage of other laws
to pievent the mdisciiminate influx of foieign
emigiants, which was refeired to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be punted.
Mr BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which, aftei some remarks fiom Messrs.
PIERCE, MOUTON, PRESTON, HUBBARD,
and BENTON, was consideiecl and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be allowed, and paid out of the con-
tingent fund, for extra serviecs, to eaeli ot ttie mes>-ien«ers
of the Senate and office,^2o0, to each of the page-, §200;
and to each of the assistant mc ^sengers and laborers, {¡£0.00.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr TALLMADGE, was taken up for con-
sideiation, and adopted:
Whereas, the Senate, on the 12th day of February in-
stant, passed a resolution, as lollows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General communicate to
the Senlte thj number of removals of deputy po&tmasteia
since the 4th March, 1837 , the names of the persons so re-
moved, am) times when removed; the names of the persons
appointed to fill the vacancies, the names of the ornees
where such removals have been made, classing tht whole
by States and 1 emtones
And whereas, no answer ha* been received to the same:
Thorelore,
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inform Ihe Sen-
lte, \utlioeit delay, why he has not communicated the in-
formation required by that resolution.
The joint resolution fixing the value of the
pound in money of the British Provinces m North
America at ou i custom-houses, was read a second
time, and ordered to be engrossed for a thud
leading, and, by unanimous consent, read the
third time and passed.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WRIGHT,
yesterday, fixing half past twelve o'clock to go
into an election for punter, was consideied and
agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr YOUNG, from the Committee on Claims,
icported a bill foi the relief of Philip Weade-
miin; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mi. BENTON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
taiy AfTatis, to which was referred the bill to
provide for the defense of the western frontier,
fiom the mouth of the Sabine to Fort Snelhng,
on the Mississippi nver, reported the same with-
out amendment
Mr NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
meice, to which was refeired an act for the re-
lief of Lewis B. Willis, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mi HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been referred the following
acts, reported the same, severally, without amend-
ment:
An act for the relief of Francis Mallaby;
An act lor the relief of Guffeth Combe and
John P Ingle, tiustees of the house m the city
of Washington, commonly called the Buck Cap-
itol,
An act for the lelief of A. J. Pickett, and
Geoige W   Gayle; and
An act foi the relief of James W. Cox.
Mi SWIFT, from the Committee on Indian
Affans, to which was íeferred the petition of
William Dickinson, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally lead the thud
time and passed -
Thejoint resolution providing foi the purchase
of an island in the Delaware, called the Pea
Pate h;
The bill to provide for additional clerks in the
Post Office Department, and the Auditoi's office
connected theiewith;
The bill granting a pension to Hannah Leigh-
ton,
The bill foi the relief of John Ritchie;
The bill for the relief of John L  Scott;
The bill gianting to certain pei&ons theiein
named the riB'it of pieemption to a tract of land
in Ottowa county, Michigan;
The bill foi the relief oí Chai les 4.   Dodd;
The bul for the lelief of Daniel B. Bush;
