183&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
213
The bill to authorize the inhabitants of town-
ship eight north, range thirty-two west, in the
State of Aikansas, to epter a section of land in
lieu of the sixteenth section in said township,
upon condition that the same is surrendered to
the United States for military purposes;
The bill to authorize the location of the pre-
emption certificates given by the register of the
land office at Batesville, in Arkansas, under the
act of the 26th of May, 1824, on any of the public
lands for sale in the State of Arkansas,
The bill for the relief of Richard Robinson;
The bill for the relief of the widow and other
heirs of Alexander Hamilton, deceased;
The bill for the relief of John Burk;
The bill for the lehef of Josephine Nourse;
An act for the erection of light-houses, light-
boats, beacons, and buoys;
An act for the relief of James H. Ralston;
An act for the relief of Samuel McKay;
An act for the relief of John W. Kearney;
An act for the relief of John McFarland, and
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year 1839.
ELECTION OP PRINTER.
At half past twelve o'clock, in pursuance of the
resolution on the subject, adopted this morning,
the Senate proceeded to ballot for a Printer; and
the result was as follows:
On the first ballot, forty-three ballots were
given; of which
Blair & Rives had...............................25
Gal s & Seatort___..............................11
Ogdeu Niles...................................... 4
Thomas Allen              ................9
Blank.......................................1
43
Blair & Rives, therefore, having a majority of
the whole number of votes given, were declared
by the Chair to be duly elected.
LIGHT-HOUSES, ETC.
The bill making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, beacons, and buoys, was oidered to
be engrossed.
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
The bill to prevent the interference of certain
Federal officers tn elections was taken up; when
Mi. CRITTENDEN addressed the Senate for
upwards of two hours and a half in defense of
the bill, and was replied to by Mr. "WALL.
Mr NILES and Mr. PRESTON followed in
the debate, and the question was taken on the
amendment to the bill offered by Mi. Critten-
den, and decided in the negative—yeas 18, nays
25, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Foster, Knight, Merrick, Tren-
tes, Preston, Rives, Itobbms, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Swift, Tallmadge, and White—18
N \YS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of Ala-
bama, Cuthbert, Pulton, Hubbard, King, Lmn, Lvon, Mon-
tón, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Walker, Wall, Williams of
Mamo, Williams of Mississippi, Wright, and Young—23.
Mr. TALLMADGE then offered to amend the
bill by making its provisions and penalties ap-
plicable only to the officeholders named when
they shall subscribe sums of money to carry on
elections; which was lost—yeas 15, nays 26, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Calhoun, Crittenden, Davis,
roster, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Robbins, Rug
gle-, Smith of Indnna, Swift, Tallmadge, and White—lo
NAY —Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clayton, Cuthbert, Pulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Walker, Wall,
Williams of Maine, Williams of Mississippi, Wught, and
Young—26.
Mr. RIVES then moved to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with mstruc
tions to amend the bill so as to conform to the
resolutions which he had submitted to the Senate
some time since; which was lost—yeas 13, nays
25; as follows:
YE IS— Messrs Crittenden, Davis, Poster, Knight, Mer-
rick, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Rnggfes, Smith of Indiana,
Swift, Tallmadge, and White—id.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cutbuert, Fulton, Hubbard, Khir, Linn, Lyon,
Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Sevier,
Smith ol Connecticut, Walker, Wall, Wilhamsof Maine,
Williams of Mississippi, Wright, and Young—95
The question then came up on the engrossment
of the bill, which is as follows:
A bill to prevent the interference of certain Federal officers
in elections.
To the end that the great powers given to the officers of
the Federal Government, and other persons employed m its
service, may not be used for the influencing of elections,
which ought to be free and incorrupt
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State* ofJlmencain Congress assembled, That
from and after the 1st day of April, m the year 1839, no mar
shal or deputy marshal, no postmaster or deputy postmaster,
no receiver or register of a land office, or any other deputies
or clerks, no surveyor general oí the public lands, or any
of his deputies or assistants, no collector, surveyor, naval
officer, weigher, ganger, appraiser, or other officer or person
whatsoever concerned or employed in the charging, col-
lecting, levying, or managing the customs, or any branch
or part thereoi, no engineer, officer, or agent> employed or
concerned in the execution or supenntendence of any of
the public works, shall, by word, message, or writing, or m
any other manner whatsoever, endeavor to persuade any
elector to give, or dissuade any elector from giving, his vote
for the choice of any person to be elector of President and
Vice President ot these United States, or for the choice of
any person to be a Senator or Representative m the Congress
of the said United States, or the choice of any person to be
Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any State, or of any
person to be a representative or member in the legislative
department of any State of tins Union, or for the choice of
any person to serve m any public office established by the
law ot any of said States, nor shall any such officer or per-
son intermeddle in any of the elections above mentioned,
or use any means with intent to influence or control the
same, otherwise than "by giving his own vote; and every
person offending therein shall forfeit the sum of ,f oOO, one
moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof
to the United States aforesaid, to be recovered, with coats
of suit, by any person that shall sue for the same, by action
of debt, bill, or pi unt m any of the district or circuit courts
of the United States ; and every person convicttd, on any
such suit, of the said offense, shall thereby become dis
abled and incapable of ever bearing or executing anv office
or place of tru t whatsoever under the said United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, gave his reasons why
he could not support the bill; and the question
being taken on its engrossment, was decided in
the negative—yeas 5, nays 28, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Crittenden, rosier, Merrick, Preston,
and White—5
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Knight,
Lmn, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier. Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Walker, Wall, Williams of Maine, Williams ot
Mississippi, Wright, and Young—28.
So the bill was lost.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION.
The PRESIDENT pi o tempore submitted the
following message fiom the President of the Uni-
ted States:
Washington, February 27,1839
To the Senate of the United States
I transmit to Congress copies of various other documents
received from the Governor of Mame, relating to the dis
pute between that State and the Province of New Biuns
wick, which formed the subject of my message of the 2Gth
instant, and also a copy oí a memor indum signed by the
Secretary of State of the United States and her Britannic
Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Ph mpoten
tiary near the United Mates, ot the terms upon which it is
believed all collision can be avoided on the frontier, con
sistentlj with and respecting the claims on cither side As
the British Minister acts without specihe authority from
his Government, it will be observed that this mi morandum
has but the force of recommendation on the provinci d au
tlionues and on the government of the State
M VAN BUREN
MEMORANDUM.
Her Maiesty's authorities consider it to have been under
stood and agreed upon by the two Governments that the
territory in dispute between Great Britain and the United
States, on the northeastern frontier, should remain e^clu
sively under British jurisdiction until the final settlement
of the boundary question
The United sutes Government have not understood the.
above agreement m the same sense, but consider, on the con
traiy, that there has been no agreement whatever for the ex
ercise by Great Bruam of exclusive jurisdiction over the dis
puted termor), or anv portion thereoi, but a mutual under
standing that, pending the negotiation, tliejunsdietion then
exercised by either puty, o\er small poraons of the temton
in dispute, should not be enlarged, but be continued merely
for the preservation of local tranquiihtv and the public prop
erty, both forbearing, as far as practicable, to exert anv au
thoritj, and, when any should be exercised bv either, plac-
ing upon the conduct of each other the most lavorable
construction
A complete understandingupon the question thus placed at
issue, of present jurisdiction, c in only be arrived at by
friendly discussion betn een the Governments of the United
States and Great Britain, and as it i  confidently hoped
that there will be an early settlement of the question, this
subordinate point of difference can be of hut little moment
In the meantime, the Governor of the Province of New
Brunswick and the government of the State of Maine will
act as follows Her Majesty's officers will not seek to expel,
by militar; force, the armed party which Ins been sent by
Mame into the district bordering on the Aroostook nvei,
but the Government of Maine will voluntarily, and without
needless delay, withdraw beyond the bounds of tlm-dtepufod
territory any armed force now within them , and ii future
necessity should arise for dispersing notorious trespasserá,
or protecting public property from depredntio« by armed
force, the operation shall be conducted by concert, jointly
or separately, according to agreements between the Gov-
ernments oí Mame and New Brunswick.
The civil officers m the service respectively of Nes«
Brunswick and Mame, who have been taken into custody
by the opposite parties, shall be released
Nothing in this memorandum shall be cons'rued to fortify
or to weaken, in any respect whatever, the claim of either
party to the ultimate possession of the disputed territory
The Minister Plenipotentiary of her Britannic Majesty
having no specific authority to make any arrangement on
the subject, the undersigned can only recommend, as they
now earnestly do, to the Governments of New Brunswick
and Mame, to regulate their future proceedings according
to the terms herein set forth, until the final settlement of
the territorial dispute, or until the Governments of the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain shall come to some definite
conclusion on the subordinate point upon which they are
now at issue.
JOHN FORSYTH,
Secretary of State of the United States of North Jlmerwa.
II   S   FOX,
Her Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary.
Washivgtov, February 27, 1839.
After some remarks from Messrs. WIL-
LIAMS of Maine, PRESTON, DAVIS, RUG-
GLES, WEBSTER, BROWN, WALKER, and
CALHOUN, the message was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and five thou-
sand additional copies ordered to be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1839, was read a first and second time, and
refened to the Committee on Finance.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 27, 1839.
Mr. HARLAN, from the select committee ad-
pointedon the 17th of January last to inquire and
report as to the defalcations of public officers,
made a report; when
Mr. OWENS, of the same committee, on be-
half of the minority, by leave, submitted a report
containing the views of the minority upon the
subject-matters committed to the committee.
Mr. HARLAN, on behalf of the committee,
moved the leading of the conclusions of the com-
mittee; and that fi ve thousand copies of there-
ports with the journal, and twenty thousand
copies of the reports without the journal, be
punted.
Mr. PETRIKIN said he was not opposed to
printing, but he objected to the reading, unless all
the repoits were read. And he called for the read-
ing, accordingly.
Some conversation followed m different parts of
the House, of which little could be heard, owing
to the extreme confusion.
The SPEAKER decided that it was a parha-
'mentary right to call for the reading; and, after
some further conversation on points of order,
The Ck-ric proceeded to read the report of the
majority.
The reading was frequently interrupted by at-
tempts to suspend it, after some time,
On motion of Mr OWENS, all the reports (by
general consent) were laid on the table; and five
thousand copies thereof, with the journal, and
twenty thousand copies of both documents, with-
out the journal, weie ordered to be printed.
Mr HALL, from the select committee ap-
pointed on the 24th of January to inquire into the
chaiactor and amount of proof which is required
by existing laws and regulations to establish
claims on the United States for revolutionary
services in the Virginia Continental and State
lines and navy, and whether any, and what, fur-
ther legislative provisions be necessary in regard
to the mode of adjusting and allowing claims for
such services, made a repoit thereon adverse to
furthei appropuation for the satisfaction of said
wairants, and moved that it be laid on the table,
and that the report and documents be printed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO asked for a division of
the question
Mr. WISE urged that the question should not
be taken now, as a colleague of his-, and a rnem-
bei of the committee, (not now in his seat,) was
prepaung his protest against this repoit, by which
great injustice, he contended, was done, and he
