1839*
1HSJ CONGME^IQMálH<3i,0 lí.
maquoddy bay; 2. For the maritime frontier, from Passa-
maquoddybay to Cape Florida; 3. The Gulf frontier, from
Cape Florida to Sabine bay; 4. The western frontier, from
the Sabine bay to Lake ¡Superior, with a conjectural esti-
mate of the probable expense of constructing or completing
such works as may not yet have been completed or com-
menced.
Second. The state of the armament of the fortifications,
so far as the same may be completed or commenced, with a
conjectural estimate oi the expense of completing the arma-
ment of all the forts which may be commenced, or deemed
necessary to be constructed.
Third The armories, arsenals, magazines, and found-
enes, either constructed or deemed necessary, w^th a con-
jectural estimate of the expense of constructing such of said
establishments as may not yet be completed or commenced,
but which may be deemed necessary.
Fourth. The floating or steam batteries, or vessels which
have been constructed in aid of fortifications, or may be
deemed necessary to be constructed in aid of f-uch works,
with a conjectural estimate of the expense winch the same
may require.
>'i/iiA. The ships of war built, or under construction, or
deemed necessary to be built, with a conjectural estimate
of the expense of building and arming the vessels not yet
completed or commenced, or which may be deemed neces-
sary within a reasonable time.
SiiiA. The navy-yards, docks, and naval establishments
of every kind, either constructed or commenced, or deemed
necessary, with the probuble expense of completing the
same.
With any other information or suggestions which the
President may deem necessaiy to be communicated to Con-
gress, m order to exhibit a full view of what is necessary to
be done, and the probable cost thereof, to place tlie United
States in a proper state of defense, by land and water, and
on each of the tour great lines of defense which her frontiers
present.
Mr. DAVIS offered the following resolution;
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate, at the next session of Congreas,
whether any change in the system of marine hospitals is
expedient; and if so, what; and especially if anv new hos-
pitals are necessary, and in what manner they ought to be
erected, if deemed expedient, and how suppoited.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1839 was taken up; and the question being
on the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance, to strike out the appropriation for the
Documentary History—
Mr. BENTON spoke at much length against
the appropriation, and also against the distribu-
tion of the books, and read from reports of com-
mittees to justify what he said. He considered
this whole business of printing books for mem-
bers of Congress—a practice which had grown
up within a few years past—to be one of the most
abominable abuses which now beset the Govern-
ment, and he considered this particular job as the
most abominable of the whole. Taken tn every
way, the manner in which it was got through
without the knowledge of the most attentive mem-
bers—he meant others still more than himself—
the enormity of the sum involved; the vast bulk
and little woith of the woik; and the distribution
of it to the members that voted for it, and it was
truly an enormous abuse. None of us knew that
such a work was authorized by us. It was passed
in 1833, and it was nearly a year afterwards be-
fore we discovered what we had done. He found
it out from Mr. Mangum, of North Carolina, at
the next session, who was a member of the com-
mittee who discovered what had been done; and
then, for the first time, it was found out that an
act had been passed by which upwards of half
a million dollars, at the least, and probably a mil-
lion and a half, was to be given to an officer of
theHouse of Representatives (M. St. Clair Clarke,
the Clerk of the House) and his partner, for print-
ing a work to be given to those who voted that
officer and his partner the money' As soon as
found out, the abuse was resisted by some mem-
bers, has been resisted for six years, but without
effect; for while a majority condemn and denounce
it, yet they are placed under duress, and com-
pelled to vote for the money and the distubution
by putting them in the appropriation bills for the
support of the Government, and then making it
a. question to lose the whole bill and stop the Gov-
ernment, or let the distribution go on. He, for
one, would vote against it, and let the Govern-
ment stop, if that should be the consequence; and
let the people see who it was that would break
up the Government before they would cease vot-
ing books to themselves! Even if the vote of the
books was right in itself, it would be wrong to
put it in an appropriation bill; and he would not
be coerced by finding it there.
But the whole practice was wong in itself, end
was becoming an enormous abuse; enormous for
the amount of money, enormous for the princi-
ple, enormons for the frightful progress which it
made, enormous for the consequences it might
lead to. Every session we have jobs and distri-
butions. A multitude of works have been print-
ed and distributed. They multiply every ses-
sion. We vote the money to the jobber; the
jobber gives the books to us; and many of us sell
the books mstanter to Mr. Templeman, or some
other purchaser. Twenty thousand, forty thou-
sand, sixty thousand dollars, is a common vote,
and done with a rapidity which defies all de-
scription, and in a way to escape the notice of
the most attentive members. But this is a case,
not of twenty, or forty, or sixty thousand dol-
lars, but of one or two millions ? It is absolute-
ly a case of millions, and may be as many as the
jobbers choose to make it. It is without limits
or boundaries. It is to print whatever the jobbers
choose to print—for there is no earthly control
over them—under the name of Documentary His-
tory of the Revolution. Already they inform us
that the private and public libraries of America
and Europe are to be explored to find either man-
uscupt or printed matter to be published; and
they are at liberty to publish all that they can
find. The first computation supposed it might
amount to §1,500,000; then the undertakers,
when the enormity of that sum startled every-
body, proposed to put a limit on themselves by
limiting the number of volumes. They proposed
to limit the volumes to twenty, and left the num-
ber of pages unlimited, though estimated for at
eight hundred pages. The pay was by the page
—so much the page—and at this rate it would
come to $20,400 a volume; and twenty volumes
would make $408,000. Tins seemed to impose
a limit, but it was all an illusion ! The number
of pages was unlimited; and instead of eight
hundred, the fiist volume (the only one printed)
contained over one thousand pages ! and instead
of §20,400, the estimated price, the actual price is
$26,000; and by doubling the pages, the next one
may be $52,000! This bill is to pay a balance—
a balance due for the first volume; and this bal-
ance is $5,600! the estimated price of |20,400
having been previously paid. At this rate the
twenty volumes will cost §520,000; but there is
nothing to limit it to that amount; the publishers
can print what they please, as many volumes as
they please, and as many pages as they please in
each volume; and being paid by the page, the
bulk of the work and the amount of the price are
absolutely without limit!
It is also without limit as to time ! It may last
for cei'tunes, and through generations; and the
families of Mr. Claike and Mi. Force may be
pensioned on the Fi deral Government through
successive ages. It is a personal contract with
Messrs. Claike and Foice; it will descend to their
representatives; it has taken si's years to mike
one volume; and twenty volumes, even if lim-
ited to that, would require at the same late, one
hundred and twenty yeais to complete the woik.
So slow is the forthcoming work, that we have
been told on this floor—told by Mr. King, who
began the good woik of opposing this business—
that he was well informed that a member had
sold his interest in the whole Documentary His-
tory, for which we pay a million or so, for ten
dollars in hand.
Mr. B. then took the ground that the whole
contract ought to be set aside, for fiaud: fiist, in
the manner of getting it through Congress in a
way to pievent all knowledge of the magnitude
of the woik, and that by an officer of the House;
next for want of moral or constitutional power
in the Congress to vote themselves such presents;
third, for the manner m which the puce was
fixed, and fixed nearly twice too much—as he
proved by reading answeis to inquiries from the
most eminent bookselleis of Philadelphia and
other cities, addressed to them by a committee of
the House of Representatives after the discovery
of the extent of the job given to Messrs. Clarke
and Force. He read from the report to show that
Messrs. Clarke and Force virtually fixed the price
themselves, by putting it into thefaceof the law,
that they were to have at the same rate that
Messrs. Blair & Rives were paid for a certain
work, the price of which was fixed by Mi. Force,
who was selected by Mr. Clarke and Mr. Lowry
for thatpurpose; Clarke ambForce's bill depend-
ing in Congress, while Mrr Force, asu, referee,
was fixing the price o£ work which MtMtttoi gov-
ern his own.                V .i ' ,    ■               •    i
Mr. B. finished with declaring that tbisAook
printing and book distributing .business had he-
come an enormous abuse; that the attention of
the country ought to be roused up- to it; and if the
bill for the support of the Government was loét,
it would rouse the country, and, in th««nd, smre
millions. For his own part, lie had been resisting
this business for six years Without any effect, for
it was growing and increasing annually. Butjbe
should go on opposing it, opposing alHhese jobs,
great and small. He had to encounter friends
and foes, and to draw on himself censure and op-
position. He was sorry for it, but could not help
it. The abuse must be stopped; and he had taken
a fixed and inexorable resolution to try and stop
it. He hatl put on his iron nerves, and should
yield to rreither friends nor foes.
Mr. SOUTHARD spoke in reply, insisting
that this sum was due under a contract which was
a la w of the land; and that Congress, before with-
holding appropriations, ought to declare that con-
tract null and void, which no one dared to propase
in direct terms, or else they ought to make a
compromise, and allow Clarke and Force suitable
Mr. CALHOUN said he would vote for this
appropriation, but a sense of duty would not al-
low him to vote in favor of giving books to mem-
bers of Congress. Heagreed, however, if Clarke
and Force should suffer damage on account of "a
failure in Congress to fulfill a contract, they ought
to be remunerated.
On the call of Mr. FOSTER, the question was
divided so as to ascertain, first, whether the Sen-
ate would make this appropriation; and,second,
whether the books should be distributed as pro-
vided for by the bill.
The former of these questions was decided in
the negative, thus striking out the appropriation
of $5,602 by yeas and nays, as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Clay
of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas,
Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Walker, Williams of Mississippi, and Wright
—20.
NAYS—Mesbrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,Da-
vis, Poster, Knight, Merrick, Robbins, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Swilt, Tallmadge, and Webster—13.
The question on the distribution of the books
was negatived by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Calhoun, Clay of
Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Foster, Fulton, Hub-
bard, King, Knight, Merrick, Mouton, Niles, Norvell, Pierce
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Swift, Walker, Wall, White, Williams of Maine,
Williams of Mississippi, and Wright—29.               - v
N 4 YS—Messrs Davis, Southard, and Wetetcr-~3.
The amendmentto strike out the proviso, which
required the printing, &c, of the Executive De-
partments to be done by contract, to be given to
the lowest bidder, being before the Senate,
Mr. WRIGHT said the committee had recom-
mended this amendment, because in their view a
compliance with the requisitions of the proviso
was impracticable; it amounted to a total denial
to the departments of the power of having any
printing done whatevei. There was no obliga-
tion on the contractor to reside, orto perform the
work, in this city; and the Departments would
be compelled on every emergency in which they
required a job of printing to be done, to send it
perhaps to Boston to be executed. He hoped the
proposedamendment of the committee would be
adopted.'
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
ordered to a third reading, and, by unanimous
consent, was read the thud time and passed.
This bill was subsequently returned from the
House, with the information that the House non-
concurred in the two above principal amendments
made by the Senate, and was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, moved that the Senate insist on their first
amendment striking out the provision for letting
out the public printing on contract; which was
agreed to.
Also, that the Senate recede from the amend-
ment striking out the appropriation for the Doc-
umentary History, which was agreed to—yeas
23, nays 6.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
