1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the foundation to produce a settlement, and after-
wards removed, is in the course of being replaced.
It is proposed now to postpone the erection of the
superstructure until these foundations have at-
tained their final subsidence.
The appropriation for Charleston harbor was
intended exclusively for the protection of Sulli-
van's Island, and measures have been taken by
the officer of engineers, under whose general su-
perintendence it is, to apply the funds to that
purpose. As soon as the sei vices of an officer of
experience can be made available, there will be
one stationed permanently in this harbor.
By direction of this Department, several of the
civil works, formerly under the superintendence
of the military, have been transferred to the topo-
graphical engineers.
Since the last report, the great task of removing
the raft m the Red river has been completed. The
formation of a new raft, on the site of the old one,
has been a serious inconvenience, but it is hoped
the navigation will be reopened very soon after
the commencement of the working season, the
boats for this purpose have been already dis-
patched to the river. The formation of this new
obstruction supports the views expressed in the
last annual report, and shows the necessity of
keeping a boat constantly at work upon the river
for several seasons to come.
The detailed survey of the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi, referred to m the last report, is now nearly
completed, and will be submitted, at an early day,
to the Board of Engineers. Their plan of amelio-
ration, if sanctioned by the Department, will then
be carried into immediate execution.
On the Upper Mississippi the water has been
so high as to prevent all work.
By the increase of the corps of engineers at the
last session of Congress, the several works of the
Department will soon be more immediately under
the control of the Government officers; the change
cannot, however, take place immediately, as, in
conformity with my views, explained in my report
of last year, an addition of five young officers
only has as yet been made, and the remaining
vacancies it is proposed to fill annually by selec-
tions from the highest graduates of the Military
Academy.
The officer of engineers in charge of the Mili-
tary Academy having applied to be relieved,
Major Delafield, of the corps, has been ordered in
his place.
The necessity of horses and instruction in the
cavalry exercise, now that the cavalry has become
a component arm of the service, is evident; and
until regular provision for this purpose can be
made by law, it is proposed to replace the artillery
detachment, now there, by one of dragoon privates ,
which would procure for the cadets the use of the
horses. I would urgently recommend that the
instructor of artillery and the assistant professor
of history, geography, and eithics, be placed by
law upon the same footing as other assistant pro-
fessors at the academy. The French classes are
very much in need of instructors, and none are
known in the line of the army qualified for the
task. I therefore recommend that authority be
given to appoint two citizens, with moderate sala-
ries, for that purpose.
The large building containing an exercise hall,
recitation rooms, and quarters for unmarried offi-
cers, so long wanted at the academy, is finished,
and now in use. Since the last report the build-
ing, containing the library, chemical laboratory,
and philosophical and engineering rooms, has been
destroyed by fire. The appropriation of the last
session to replace this, would have been applied
sooner, but before determining on sites for the new
buildings it is proposed to adopt the suggestion of
the Board of Visitors of 1837, viz: to appoint a
board of competent engineers to determine, in con-
junction with the superintendent, a general plan
for the public buildings at the academy. Many
of the present buildings are entirely unfit for the
purposes to which they are applied, and must,
eventually, come down; and the position of each
new one authorized should have reference to the
ystem of future construction.
While treating this subject, it becomes my duty
to bring to your notice the dilapidated condition of
one of the barracks.   This building is literally
worn out, and in so decayed and corrupted a state
as seriously to endanger the safety and health of
the cadets. Its removal and reconstruction will
enter into the plan to be presented by the board
for the arrangement of the public buildings at
West Point. The system here suggested, of pre-
senting, before any public works are commenced,
a well-digested plan for such enlargements and
improvements as the increase of our population
and the future wants of the country may require,
has been generally adopted and will be hereafter
persevered in, so that the present constructions will
all be erected in conformity with, and in further-
ance of, a general plan. At the same time the
Department has adopted regulations to govern the
engineer's, quartermaster's, and ordnance depart-
ments in the construction of the buildings under
their superintendence, so as to avoid all unneces-
sary extravagance, and at the same time secure
solidity, uniformity, and durability.
For the more efficient and economical admin-
istration of the engineer department, in many
respects the most important branch of the military
service, I beg leave respectfully to suggest that an
inspector of fortifications ought to be appointed,
with such additional rank and emoluments as will
insure respect to the officer of engineers who shall
be selected to perform that duty, and defray the
additional expenses which must necessarily be
incurred during the extensive tours of duty he
would be called upon to make. Experience has
proved that this duty can only be discharged by
an officer of this corps, and the important nature
of the works, on the solidity and durability of
which so much of the safety and honor of the
country may depend, requires a vigilant and fre-
quent inspection of them during the progress of
their construction, and recommends this measure
to the favorable consideration of the Legislature.
The ordinance corps has been increased agiee-
ably to the provisions of the late law.
The operations of that branch of the service
have been conducted with intelligence and activity,
and some progress has been made in digesting a
general system by which they will hereafter be
regulated A series of experiments have been or-
dered, which will determine the precise character
of the field and heavy artillery, and it is then pro-
posed to arm the artillery regiments, which have
hitherto acted as infantry, when in the field, with
their proper arm There is not at present a com-
plete tram of artillery for a single one of the four
regiments in the service, and I beg leave to sug-
gest the necessity of an appropriation for the pur-
pose of furnishing the number of pieces required
to arm the existing regiments properly, as well as
to furnish batteries for two battalions of light artil-
lery. I would respectfully recommend the estab-
lishment of a rocket brigade. These projectiles
have lately been brought to great perfection in
Europe, and are now regarded as a formidable
addition to the efficiency of their armies That
of the United States, although comparatively so
small, should not be entirely deficient in any one
of the elements which go to make up the power
and efficiency of the best-constituted armies of
Euiope With four regiments of aitiliery, we
are nearly without field-pieces and trains; we are
without light artillery altogether, and have yet to
learn its management, and we are entirely ignorant
of the use of so formidable a weapon as the rocket.
These deficiencies ¡n an arm which, in modern
warfare, produces the most decisive results, ought
to be remedied without delay.
It is obviously of the first importance that the
artillery and munitions of war furnished to the
troops should be fabricated and prepared on a
umfoim system, according to established pat-
terns; and the first step toward this object, is to
prepare drawings of all the parts of such a sys-
tem in the utmost detail. To accomplish this, it
is intended to detail, for this especial duty, three
competent officers, with the requisite number of
draughtsmen, the result of whose labors, after
due revision and approval by the Secretary of
War, shall be conformed to m the ordnance de-
partment, the patterns thus established not to be
changed, without the sanction of the same author-
ity by which they were approved.
An estimate for the small sum required to cover
the expense incidental to such an arrangement, is
embraced in the general estimate of this Depart-
ment for the ensuing year.
I cannot forbear to repeat the recommendations
made in my last annual report, for the establish-
ment of a national foundery and powder manu- 
factory, and the erection of a manufactory of
small-arms west of the Alleghany mountains,
upon the plan therein proposed. The armory-
manufactory at Harper's Ferry, which is con-
ducted with great ability by its present superin-
tendent, Colonel Lucas, requires considerable
alterations and repairs. The temporary work-
shops elected there are altogether insufficient,and
now that the usefulness of this establishment is
placed beyond doubt, permanent buildings ought
to be substituted, agreeably to some well-digested
plan, both as to their construction and position.
Permission has been granted by the Department
to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to
run their road through the lands belonging to the-
United States at this place, passing along the line
of the work-shops, from whence the company
have the option of choosing either of two routes 
the one leading along the wall of the canal, and
the other by the hill-side. The former would
have been the most advantageous to the United
States, as the company's works would have
strengthened the wall, which is very defective ,
and requires such extensive repairs that it will
probably be necessary to rebuild it altogether;
but the difference of expense to the company was
represented by the estimates of the cost of both
routes to be so great—upward of $50,000—tjiat
the river route could not be insisted upon with-
out the United States paying a part or the whole
of it. The Department had no authority to make
such an arrangement without the previous con-
sent of Congress, and therefore granted the
option to the company.   It is understood, how-
| ever,  by the parties to the contract, that upon
i Congress desiring that the river line should be
adopted, it may be done on Government agreeing
to pay the difference of expense between the two
routes.
Reflection and experience confirm the viewtaken
in the last annual report from this Department,
on the policy of selling the mineral lands belong-
ing to the United States. Their retention in the
hands of Government presents an insuperable
obstacle to the exploration of the mines, and im-
pedes the natural progress of that portion of th#
country.
The corps of topographical engineers has been
increased, agreeably to the act of the last session,
with the exception of the officers whose nomina-
tions were not acted upon by the Senate, and
whose places could not, therefore, be supplied.
1 With few exceptions, the civil works under the
charge of the militaiy engineers have been trans-
ferred to this corps, and a system has been adopted
which, when fully carried into effect, cannot fail
to produce the most salutary results. The several
I portions of the country where these works are
being carried on are divided into districts of limited
extent, and officers are permanently assigned to
1 them; by this method time is saved, and much
useless expense avoided, as well as better inform-
ation acquired Over these limited commands a
system of supervision and inspectorship is exer-
cised by the older officers, by means of which
1 their superior   knowledge and   experience   are
i brought in aid of all the plans, estimates, and
constructions.
The officers of the corps who are employed in
the superintendence of works earned on by cor-
porations and States, of which there are but four,
I aregiadually being withdrawn, according to the
provisions of the lawiegulatmg the establishment
of the army; and they will all be placed on national
works as soon as it can be done without injury to
those they are now conducting.
The duties enjoined upon the Department by
lesolutions of Congiess, ordering certain surveys,
have not been performed for want of means to
defray the necessary expenses. These are paid
invariably from special appropriations applica-
ble to each object, or out of the usual annual
appropriation of §30,000 for military surveys,
which was withheld this year. Owing to this
cause the following surveys have been omitted-
That of the Tennessee river from its mouth to
