1'838.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & H#. éF-'R&frs,-
In the month of June, it was reported that the
combinations referred to were still existing, and
daily gaining strength, by refugees from Canada
joining them, and that they were organizing them-
selves along the whole line of frontier, and making
preparations for further attempts upon Ganada;
and that a gang of desperadoes had burned the
British steamboat Sir Robert Peel in our waters.
On the 12th of June, I was directed by the Pres-
ident to repair to the frontier, there to examine
into the state of things, and to use every possible
exertion to defeat the purposes of the combinations
alluded to. Having ordered such troops as could
be collected to proceed to Sackett's Harbor and
the Champlain frontier, I set out on the same day,
taking Albany and Oswego in my route, and
arrived at Sackett's Harbor on the night of the
17th. Immediately after my arrival, 1 took meas-
ures to cause to be published, and widely circu-
lated for general information, copies of the laws
of the United States under which 1 was authorized
to adopt measures to repress all hostile acts origin-
ating within our borders, against the territory
of a friendly Power, and to preserve our friendly
relations with Great Britain; and to carry into
effect these objects, I issued a general order, di-
viding the frontier into four districts, to the com-
mand of which officers of experience were duly
assigned. I found Brigadier General Brady and
Lieu tenantColonelCummings at Sackett's Harbor,
but none of the troops which had been ordered
thither had yet arrived. I ordered General Brady
to proceed to the Detroit frontier, where I deemed
his presence most important. A detachment of
about one hundred recruits reached Sackett's Har-
bor a day or two after my arrival. There was a
small detachment of New York militia stationed
at French Creek, called out by order of the Gov-
ernor, which I caused to be relieved by the regular
troops as soon as a sufficient body of them had
arrived, when the militia were mustered, paid, and
discharged. The commanding officer at French
Creek was furnished with boats to enable him to
cruise around the islands in the St. Lawrence.
On the 20th of June, an additional number of re-
cruits having arrived at Sackett's Harbor, the
steamboat Telegraph was taken into the service of
the United States, and a detachment placed on
board under command of Captain Gwynne, of the
infantry, who was also ordered to cruise among
the " Thousand islands," in search of the gang
above alluded to. On the 20th of June, I dis-
patched an aid-de-camp, with a letter to Sir John
Colborne, or the officer commanding the British
forces at Kingston, Upper Canada, acquainting
him with the purpose of the above-mentioned ex-
pedition. My aid-de-camp was directed at the
same time, to state to the commanding officer at
Kingston that,if he were disposed to fit out a sim-
ilar expedition, we would cooperate m making a
general search amongthe "Thousand Islands," for
the gangof pirates infesting them, which had been
engaged in burning' the British steamboat Sir
RobertPeel. Abouta week afterwards, tne Hon.
Colonel Dundas, of the British Army, command-
ant at Kingston, and Captain Landom, of the
Royal Navy, crossed over to see meon the subject
of the proposed cooperation, when it was agreed
that a similar expedition would be fitted out on
their part, and the 2d of July fixed as the day of
meeting of the parties. After a search of some
days, the haunt of the pirates was discovered, but
in the attempt to take the pirates, they all made
their escape except two, who were seized. The
gang, it appeared, consisted of but eight men at
that time, among whom was the notorious Bill
Johnson, their leader; they were well supplied
with arms and ammunition, and had a fast row-
ing boat. The two men taken, with the arms of
the gang and the boat, were sent to Sackett's Har-
bor, and placed in the hands of the proper au-
thority, to be disposed of according to law.
On my arrival at Sackett's Harbor, I was in-
formed that great excitement prevailed in conse-
quence of the approaching trial of some prisoners
at Watertown, charged with the burning of the
Sir Robert Peel, and that the sheriff of the county
had written to Lieutenant Colonel Cummings,the
commanding officer at Sackett's Harbor, for a
guard to prevent a rescue of the prisoners.   As
soon as the troops arrived, a guard, commanded
by an officer, was sent to Watertown, as the sheriff
had requested.
Having made all the necessary arrangements at
Sackett's Harbor, I visited all the important points
on the frontier from that place to Ogdensburg, and
crossed the country thence to Platisburg and Ver-
mont. I found Colonel Cutler with a detachment
of recruits, equal to about a company, at Platts-
j burg, and Major Churchill in Vermont, with about
an equal force stationed at Swanton. Everything
appearing to be perfectly quiet at that time on the
border, after giving the necessary directions, i pro-
ceeded to Buffalo, where i was advised by the War
Department that three regiments of artillery would
be withdrawn from the Cherokee country, and
would be disposable for service on the northern
rontier; in consequence of which, I issued a gen-
eral order directing that the first regiment of artillery
should occupy the Champlain frontier, the second
regiment of artillery the Niagara and Detroit fron-
tiers, and that the recruits mentioned as having
arrived on the frontier in the early part of the sea-
son should be relieved by those regiments, and
repair to Sackett's Harbor, there to join the head-
quarters of the eighth regiment of infantry, to
which they had been assigned; which regiment
was to occupy that part of the frontier from Ogd ens-
burg to Rochester, and General Brady to command
the troops west of Rochester, within the eastern
division, and General Eustis all the troops on the
frontier east of Rochester. The remaining regi-
ment of artillery (the fourth) was intended to be
left in position in New York harbor, as a reserve,
to reinforce such portions of the frontier as might
require to be strengthened; but, owing to the want
of troops in Florida, that regiment was ordered
thither.
After inspecting the Niagara frontier, I went to
Detroit and examined the military establishments
in that quarter; and, on satisfying myself as to the
state of things there, I returned to Buffalo, touch-
ing at the intermediate points, and proceeded along
the frontier to Sackett's Harbor, and inspected the
newregjmentunderColonel Worth, with theprog-
ress of which, in discipline and appearance, 1 was
highly gratified. After which, 1 visited the whole
line to Plattsburg, and thus having seen that the
troops were well posted, and that the officers and
men were zealous in the performance of the duty
assigned them on the frontiers, I returned to the
seat of Government to prepare my annual report.
Since my return to the seat of Government, re-
ports have been received of unlawful enterprises
having been made from our border by armed per-
sons who entered Lower Canada, on the Cham-
plain frontier, in the early part of November, who
were, however, met and driven back by the Brit-
ish forces, and on their retreat the fugitives threw
away their arms, which were collected by our
guard stationed near the line; and, also, that
another party, which went down the St. Lawrence
in boats, had effected a landing near Prescott,
Upper Canada; but, after a short time, they were
attacked by the British forces and completely de-
stroyed or captured. Colonel Worth, of the 8th
regiment, commanding at Sackett's Harbor, hear-
ing of these infractions of the law, promptly pro-
ceeded, in the steamboat Telegraph, to Ogdens-
burg, with a body of troops, taking with him the
marshal of the district and other civil officers, and
seized the vessels employed in the enterprise,and
so interposed as to prevent any further attempts
at crossing into that part of Canada.
During the summer it was reported to General
Gaines that the Cherokees settled in the vicinity
of Fort Gibson had sent runners to the other tribes
settled on the western frontier, inviting them to
a general council for purposes of a hostile char-
acter; and, in consequence, the General, consider-
ing it proper to be prepared against any emer-
gency growing out of the council, took the in-
cipient measure of obtaining a mounted force of
ten thousand men, and immediately put in motion
the Government troops stationed at Fort Leaven-
worth and Jefferson barracks, towards the place
of meeting designated by the Cherokees; but being
informed, while on the way thither, that the ob-
ject of the meeting was of a pacific character, he
ordered the troops back to their stations.
I canftot conclude without renewing th& recom-
mendation made in my last annual report^irt
reference to the advantage of having Hie-* several
regiments and-corps effective in officers as Well aá
in men. From age and exposure, officer  are
liable to become unfit for active service, or,in(Jee4f,
for any service at all; and, consequently, -the offi-
cers next in rank to them are obliged to do their
duty. I would respectfully submit ttiat officers
thus unfitted for service should retire on their pay
proper without emoluments, as rations, forage,
&c, and that the officer next in rank to the officer
thus retired, be promoted to fill his place, with the-
grade and emoluments of the retired officer, b f
only the pay of the grade from which the pro-
moted officer was advanced; thus the officer pro-
moted in this manner, who would perform a higher
duty, would, during the lifetimeof the retired offi-
cer, or while he filled his place and performed hia
duties, although with the pay of a rank below, be
compensated by the earlier advanced rank which
lie would thereby gain, and the superior emolu-
ments attached to that rank. This arrangement
would cost the Government not one cent more'
than the present one; the only difference wouíd
be, that the places of the non-effective officers
would be supplied by the effective officers doing
their duty, and the brevet officers, at the fool of
the list, would be sooner advanced. And thus,
by the increased efficiency of the several-regiments
and corps, there would actually a benefit result
to the public; and I feel assured that the arrange-
ment would be acceptable and gratifying to many
meritorious officers.
ALEXANDER MACOMB, _
Major General Commanding in Cldef.-
Hon J. R. Poinsett,
Secretary of War.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affair .
War Department,               >
Office Indian Affairs, Nov. 25,1838. )
Sir: In compliance with your directions, the
following report is made of the transactions of
this office for the last year:
The most striking feature of the peculiar rela-
tions that the Indians bear to the United States, is
their removal to the west side of the Mississippi;
a change of residence effected under treaties, and
with the utmost regard to their comfort that (3>e
circumstances of each admitted.   The advance of
white settlements, and the consuming effeet  of
their approach to the red man's home, has Jong
been  observed  by the   humane with* .psinj 'as
leading to the speedy extinction of the weaker
paity.    But it is not believed that any suggestion
of the policy now in a course of execution, was
authoritatively made prior to the commencement
of the present century.    Since, it has repeatedly,
and at various intervals, received the sanction of
the Chief Magistrates of the United States-, and
of one or the other House of Congress, without,
however, any definite action   prior  to  the law
passed eight years ago.   Treaty engagements had
been previously made for their removal west with
several of the tribes, but the act referred to was a
formal and general recognition of the measure, as
desirable in regard of all the Indians within any
State or Territory east of the Mississippi.   What-
ever apprehensions might have been  honestly
entertained  of the results  of this scheme,  the
arguments in favor of its adoption, deduced from
observation, and the destructive effects of a con-
tinuance in their old positions, are so far strength-
ened by the success attendant upon its execution,
as to have convinced all, it is thought, of the
humane and benevolent tendency of the measure.
Experience had shown, that however commend-
] able the efforts to ameliorate a savage surrounded
| by a white population, they were not compensated
I to any great extent by the gratification which is
1 the best reward of doing good.  A few individuals,
j in a still smaller number of tribes, have been edu-
! cated, and profited by the opportunities afforded
| them to become civilized and highly respectable
: men; but the mass has retrograded, giving by the
\ contrast greater prominency to their more wisely
i judging brethren.    What can even the «oraiaand.
