1838.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS
25th Oong....3d Sess.
Report of the Surgem General.
Senate h Ho. ©p Me*s.
Congress of the 4th of April last; and, m that
month, Major Thomas, of the Quartermaster's
Department, was charged with the construction of
the contemplated work, and proceeded immedi-
ately to the scene of operations, accompanied by
a corps of mechanics and laborers, and provided
with ample supplies for its rapid prosecution.
Owing, however, to unusual difficulties in the nav-
igation of the Arkansas, caused by the low stage
of its waters, it was not until a considerable part of
the season foi active operations had elapsed, that
his party and supplies arrived at their destination;
since which he has been actively engaged in col-
ecting and preparing materials, and in making
other necessary arrangements for executing the
duties which have been assigned to him
The progress made, during the past season, in
the work of enlarging and repaumg the quarters
at Port Leaven worth, and in the erection of stables
rendered indispensably necessary by the increase
of the dragoon force stationed at that post, has
been entirely satisfactory, but the further prose-
cution of it must be suspended, unless Congress
shall think proper to make the appropiiations re-
quired for its completion.
The measures directed by the Wai Department,
during the lastsummer, for the preservation of our
neutral relatrons and the security of our northern
borders, have necessarily involved heavy expendi-
tures connected with the movement of troops and
transportation of supplies, and for the indispensa-
ble repairs of the lately unoccupied and dilapidated
works along the Canadian line, as well as for the
construction and rent of barracks and quarters at
the several newly-established posts on that fron-
tier.
Although the operations and responsibilities of
the Department have been greatly extended by
the recent augmentation of the military forces of
the country, and the multiplication of posts along
our extensive inland frontier, it is believed that,
with the late increase of its numerical strength,
the Department will be found adequate, provided
its officers be confined to their appropriate func-
tions, to the efficient discharge of its numerous
obligations 
Í have the honor to be, with perfect respect, your
obedient servant,
HENRY STANTON,
Colonel, •Acting Quartermaster General.
Hon. J R. Poinsett,
Secretary of War, Washington.
Report of the Surgeon General.
Surgeon General's Office, )
November 10, 1838 \
Sir : In obedience to your instructions, that I
should make a statement of the fiscal transactions
and other operations of the Medical Department
of the Army, I have the honor to present to you
the following report.
The medical and hospital supplies required for
the military service within the past year, were
furnished in due time, in good order, and of the
best quality, and they have been very generally |
accounted for in a satisfactory manner by the
returns of the surgeons and assistant surgeons
of the Army proper, and by the returns or state-
ments of the private physicians, temporarily em-
ployed in the military service of the United States
The amount of the appropriation for the medi-
cal and hospital department remaining in
the Treasury on the 30th September, 1837,
was........................... $38,615 07
In the hands of disbursing agents ...      8,110 94
And the sum appropriated by the act
of the 6th of April, of the present
year, was......................   39,225 00
Making a gross amount of.........
Of this sum there has been paid during
the fourth quarter of 1837, and the
first, second, and third quarters of
the present year, at the Treasury:
On account of the pay and other claims
of private physicians .. $12,925 47
On account of medical and
hospital supplies......   3,621 56
5,951 01
And by disbuising agents
for medical and hospital
supphes,d urmg the same
period...............  15 327 74
Amounting, m all, to..............  $31,874 77
Leaving a balance, on the 30th Sep-
tember, 1838, m the hands of dis-
buising agents........ §3,308 20
And in the Treasury___  40,768 04
Total............................  $44,076 24
There has also been drawn, within the past year,
by special requisitions on the Treasury, the
following sums
From the appropiiation for preventing and sup-
pressing Indian hostilities........  $10,900 00
Of this amount there has been ex-
pended in the purchase of extra
medical and hospital supplies for
the tioops in the field............      9,629 54
Leaving a balance in the hands of
disbursing agents, of............    $1,270 46
From the appropriation for the protection of the
northern frontier................    $1,000 00
Of this amount, there has been ex-
pended in the purchase of extra
medical and hospital supplies for
the militia in the seivice of the
United States.................         826 74
Leaving a balance, which was replaced
in the Treasury, of..............       $173 26
From the appropriation for erecting hospitals at
the military posts    ............  $11,078 fc
Of this amount, theie has been ex-
pended in the erection of an hos-
pital at Fort McHenry..........      7,532 12
Leaving a balance in the hands of
disbursing agents of............    $3,546 50
And from the appropriation for the purchase of
sites for marine hospitals on the western waters,
&c   ...........................    $2,168 75
Of this amount, there has been ex-
pended in the payment of the ac-
counts of the agents employed in
selecting and contracting for sites
upon which to erect the hospitals..      2,168 75
The whole amount of money received, then, during
the last fiscal year, being on account of the ap-
propriation for the medical and hospital depart-
ment ..........................$75,951 01
On account of the appropriation for
preventing and suppressing Indian
hostilities......................    10,900 00
On account of the appropriation for
the protection of the northern fron-
tier...........................      1,000 00
On account of the appropriation for
erecting hospitals at military posts,     11,078 62
On account of the appropriation for
the purchase of sites for marine hos-
pitals..........................      2,168 75
Total........................$101,098 38
And the sum of all expenditures, to-
gether with the money replaced m
the Treasury, during the same pe-
riod, being—
Under the appropriation for medical
and hospital depart't.. $31,874 77
Under the appropriation
for preventing and sup-
pressing Indian hostili-
ties .................    9,629 54
Under the appropriation
for the protection of the
northern frontier......    1,000 00
Under the appropriation
for the erection of hos-
pitals at military posts.    7,533 12
Under  the appropriation
for the purchase of sites
for marine hospitals on
the western waters___    2,168 75
Total........................  #52,205 18
There remained, on the 30th Septem-
ber, 1838, in the hands of disburs-
ing agents and m the Treasury of
the United States, applicable to fu-
ture disbursements,the unexpended
sum of........................
$48,893 20
The number of cases of indisposition which hav«
been under treatment by the officers of the medical
staff of the army, during the last twelve months,
was 26,053, 24,618 of which occurred within the
past year, 1,434 being cases jthat remained of the
preceding year.
Of the whole number of persons reported sick,
24,212 have been restored to duty, 473 have been
discharged the service, 29 have deserted, 311 have
died, leaving, on the 30th of September, 1838¿
1,028 still on the sick report
The accompanying statement, marked C, how-
ever, being an abstract of the detailed reports frdt 
the different surgeons in each quarter, will gire a
better understanding of this subject than I can do
by description.
The proportion of sick to the number of persorta
in the military service cannot be ascertained,-as
that number varied so frequently in theyear bf th*
discharge of one body of troops, and the admission
into service of new levies of militia and of Volun-
teers, nor is the proportion of deaths to the-ttnov-
bei of sick so absolutely known as might bedesired,
for the reason, that during active operations in the
field many of the cases of indisposition were not
recorded, while it is to be presumed that the deaths
have been accurately stated Enough, however,
has been ascertained from the returns to show that
not more than one m eighty-three of the cases
reported (a fraction less than one and a quarter
per cent.) terminated fatally, and thus to prove
that the success of the military surgeons, in the
treatmentof diseases, bears afavorablecomparcson
with the results of the practice of medicine in
cm! life.
The law requiring an examinat.on of all can-
didates foi appointment in the medical staff, before
admission into the Army, has been rigidly carried
out, and the same useful results as heretofore have
been realized During the current year forty-three
persons, who had been strongly recommended for
appointment, weie invited to present themselves
for examination before the army medical boardj
lately in session in this city, twenty one of whom
declined or failed to attend, and twenty-two were
examined, and of these last twelve were rejected,
and ten passed with credit Fiom this it wi^l
appear that the proportion of successful candidates
was larger than formerly, and as it is known that
the standard of meat reared by the medical board
has not been lowered, but perhaps of late sonie-
what elevated, we cannot but attiibute the com-
parative increased number of approved candidates
to the fact that of late more highly qualified as-
pirants alone are willing to meet the trial.
The present organization of the medical staff is
well calculated to insure efficiency, and, under
ordinary circumstances, the number of officers
would be sufficient to meet all the requirements of
the seruce While a poition of the army is m
the field, however, and the remainder distributed
among the posts along a vast extent of country,
we must continue to call into requisition the ser-
vices of many pmate physicians
Delicacy, perhaps, forbids my saying much in
commendation of the members of the medical staff
of the army; yet I may be permuted to express
the confident belief that (with two or three excep-
tions) no officers of the Government, whether m
the civil or military departments, are more zeal-
ous in the cause of their country, more prompt to
obey orders, or mora faithful in the discharge of
their various duties Tins opinion, I am happy
to state, is in accordance with that very generally
expressed by their associates in arms of the line
of the army. In truth, we have now an eiltciewt
corps of talented and experienced medical d/tcers;
