18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
on which it was customary for the Treasurer to
place frequent drafts in favor of public creditors,
though, since Mr Swaitwoul's term expued, and
ismce specie payments have been resumed by the
banks, large sums have been collected the>e in
money, and it has been customary, and has been
found convenient, to place such drafts very otten
on his successor. The first new general enact-
ment, not alieady enumerated, which might, under
existing circumstances, be found useful, ¡s the
entire separation of all disbursements from the
collections at a port of such extensive business as
New York.
The attention of Congress was invited to such
a measure by this Depai tment in September, 1837,
m the following words. ' 'At points like New York,
• and a few others, where a likelihood existed that
*  the sums would permanently belaige, but which,
'under a reduced revenue and expend'ture, would
' seldom occur, authority might be given to ap-
' point the clerks, now acting as cashiers or telleis
' under the collectors and receivers, or other more
' suitable persons, to act as keepeis and pay-
' masters of the public money. But they should
' be made independent of the collectors and receiv-
' ers, and placed under the like tenure of office and
' under suitable bonds." As some furthei check
on the accounts of the collectors, it might be pi in-
dent to require, by law, the certiácate of the naval
officer to the conettness of each weekly return,
and to the possession of the balance in money,
after a careful inspection of the whole subject
The provision requiring all balances not imme-
diately adjusted to be reported forthwith to heads
of Departments or the President, m order that real
defaulters may be ascertained and seasonably
removed, has been before alluded to, and would
be likely, m all classes of officers, whether collect-
ing or disbursing, to increase the public safety.
Such reports are now required of the Second
Comptroller m respect to certain accounts of war
and navy officei s, but should be also of both comp-
trollers, and as to all kinds of balances and officeis.
The head& of the Departments could then, by com-
parison with the weekly returns, and other in-
quiries, sometimes discover delinquencies, which
now might escape detection, m the accounting
officers     The entire sepaiation of the duties of
.ontiollmg the settlement of accounts from those
of superintending the customs,and makingone of
the comptrolleis a commissioner ot the customs,
would be likely, as suggested to Congress as long
ago as 1835, to render more eilective both of these
important branches of business    Anothei useful
check on defalcations would be the íequtsition of
cash in payment of all duties    The Iaigest item
Oí deficiency in the case under consideration grew
out of the bond accounts, and future defaults
could be much better guarded a¿amst if the lawü,
required only cash duties      But, after  all  such
enactments to insure  checks, and a closer and
widei supervision, this Department is ¡satisfied that .
the most effectual temedies must be those oper   l|
atmg directly on offenders themselves     The se-1
verest penalties against false lelmns, and agi'inst li
the loan or embezzler-ient of the public moiuy by I
collectors, as well as all classes of officers, and the 1
strictest prohibition against its use in any way for |
private purposes, with the occasional and rigorous li
examination of then fun hand voucheis by agents,
or by committees of Congie^s, in a manner simi-
lar to what was íecommended by this Department
at  the  special   sebsion   in   Í&37, would, without
doubt, have the most salutary effect on the secu-
rity of the Government     By the influence of these
measures m preveifng wiong. ttiey would also,
in the end, often prove acts of kindred, rithei
than hardship, to the officers themselves and the.r
unfortunate sureties.
Such transactions as that which it has been my
disagreeable task on this occasion to report for j
your   consideration, being  flagiant   bleaches  of I
morality, as well as great civil usuries, cannot, in I
roy opinion, be too stiongly branded by penal j
legislation     This could bring no reproach on any  I
of those upright, scrupulous, and faithful citizens  '
who fill stations of public trust.    It will prove
fortunate, also, for tne security of the Treasury,
it puolif opinion sbo ild, in relation to such delin-
quencies, hereafter indicate a much higher tone of
Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout.
moisls and a stronger sense of official fidelity and
honor than have, unhappily, to some extent here-
tofore pi evaded. I íegiet, sir, that the facts could
not be correctly explained in tins case without the
use of some language which may appear harsh,
but which the circumstances and a due discharge
of duty seemed imperatively to require
Respectfully,           LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury
To the President of the United States.
P. S. Two copies of recent Ietteis from Mr.
Swartwout to some of his fuends in New York,
m relation to this subject, protesting against the
supposed amount of his default, and insisting on
his ability to meet any deficiency, are submitted
for the President's peiusal, but are not made a
part of this report, as some of the matters con-
tained in them seem to be of a private charactei
Since this report was prepared, I understand
that the office of district attorney for the southern
district of New Yoik has become vacated, under ¡j
circumstances which create a suspicion of some 'I
connection between the recent incumbent and Mr  l|
Swartwout in the default above mentioned   I have
requested the Solicitor of the Treasury to take all
suitable steps to examine thoroughly the state of ]
the accounts of the late attorney, and, if anything
should appear to be due, to procuie security tnere- ¡|
foi as far as practicable     As soon as any import- jl
ant íesults on this subject are asceitamed with ¡I
accuracy, I will communicate them for your con-
sideration.                                                    L. W.
Reports of the First Comph oiler and Solicitor of the
T>easury lefaitte to  the defalcation of Samuci,
Swartwout, late Collector of Customs at New
York.
New York, November 8, 1838
Sir: On the receipt of your letter to the Solicitor
of the Treasury, of the 5th instant, we conferred
together on the course most expedient to be taken
in regard to the defalcation of Mr. Swartwout, the
late collector at New York.
It appeared that the last settlement of his ac-
counts at the Treasury was up to the 31st Decem-
ber last, and that, although he was called upon by
the Pirst Auditor, and notice subsequently given i,
to his sureties by the Comptroller, his accounts and t
vouchers, fiom that time till the 28th of Maich,   I
when  his term of office expired, had never been   i
furnished.   The stated balance against him on  !
the 31st December, 1837, was $9,678,984 56, this,
however, was known to include all the uncollected
bonds not due, bonds m suit, and various items
to which he would be entitled to a credit on a final
adjustment.     This  made  it  necessary, as the
accounts and vouchers weie not furnished, that
immediate steps should be taken to ascertain the
sum really due, as accurately as possible.    With
this object, we requested  Mr  Underwood, who
has  been   charged with  the examination, in the I
office of the First Auditor, of the accounts of Mr
Swaitwout, to proceed at once to New York, and
from the documents at the custom-house obtain
the necessary information for stating the accounts
at the Treasury, and ascertaining the true balance
for which Mr Swartwout is liable.   He has ac-
cordingly done so
We amved here ourselves yesterday, and found
that Mr Underwood had been industriously en-
gaged in the neoessary examinations The result
has ueen, so fai, to asceitam that the defalcation
exceeds ¡>1,200,ÜOO He will continue his labors
until he has eveiy fact necessary for making a true
account, when he will proceed at once to Wash-
ington, and have it duly stated and passed by the
accounting officeis, which is a necessary step,
preliminary to fuither pioceedmgs. We expect
Mi. Underwood will leave here this afternoon
We have eveiy leason to believe that the se-
curity in Mi Swartwout's official bond is fully
sufficient for its amount.
The examination requisite to ascertain the man-
ner in v hich the money was abstracted, and the
details of the defalcation which has been going
on for seven oi eight years, will lequire some days.
All that we know m regard to it at present, is de-
rived from a voluntary communication made to us
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
last evening by Mr. Henry Ogden., the cashier of
the custom-house during Mr. Swartwout's teim.
Having been informed that the large defalcation
was known to the public officers, and that we had
come to New York for the purpose of investigating
it, he called on us, and at once, m the presence of
Mr. Price, the district attorney, who was with us,
entered frankly into a conversation on the subject.
He commenced by saying tnat the circumstances
of the case had tioubled him exceelingly for some
time, and tnat he had strongly urged Mr Swart-
wout not to leave the United States m August last;
that he had told him it was scarcely possible the
defalcation could remain much longer concealed,
especially since the accounts for the last quarter
had been called for and not furnished; that he had
advised him, instead of going to Europe, to go at
once to Washington, submit a statement of the
whole matter to the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
surrender his property, and make the best arrange-
ments he could; that Mr Swartwout told him
in reply, he was confident of being able to raise
money in England, by which he could pay hia
wnole debt to the United States as soon as he re-
turned, ai d he did not think the businesb would
be known before that time
In ieply to our inquiry as to the time when the
abstriction of the public money commenced, he
stattil that it was about mne months after Mr
Swaitwout was appointed collector. He after-
wards said he supposed it might have been a year
after—that is, in 1830, that, as the amount of
defalcation increased, he fiequently spoke to Mr.
Swartwout on the subject; and that, about four
yeais since, it had become so large that he told
Mr. Swartwout that unless measures were taken
to íeduce it, he could not consent to continue in
the situation he held Mr Swartwout was, how-
ever, confident that the operations in which ha
was engaged would be so profitable as to make it
easy foi him to pay off the whole deficiency.
This mode of treating the subject Mr. Swartwout
continued to persist in to the last, always ex-
pressing his belief that he could set matters right.
In reply to our inquny as to the mode in which
the affair had been conducted, and the amount,
Mr Ogden stated that Mr Pnillips, the assistant
cashiei, was moie fully acquainted with the par-
ticular than himself, but that it commenced by Mr.
Swartwout not passing to the credit of the Tieas-
urer the who'e sums received; that the bonds,
being placed in bank, were theie collected and
passed to the credit of Mr Swartwout himself, and
that the weekly transfers to the Treasuier by Mr.
Swartwout were usually made on Monday, but
did not include the moneys received later than
Saturday morning at ten o'clock, by which means
the receipts on bonds due on Saturday and Sun-
day weie embiaced in the succeeding week, and
thus that amount, which often was $100,000 or
§200 000, could be kept and used by him, the
receipts of the last two days of each week enabling
him to make up the previous deficiency, so as to
transfer the requisite sum to the Treasurer The
next mode adopted by Mr. Swartwout was the
use of the fund deposited to meet unliquidated
duties, which was a large one, amounting fre-
quently to $150,000 or $200,000, and was entirely
under his control, the deposits being made to Mr.
Swartwout's own credit, and subject to his check.
To these he added the use of the moneys paid to
him on account of the share of the United States
in penalties and forfeitures, and he also overdrew
the account for fees and emoluments payable to
j him for himself and the officers of the customs
¡ These were, Mr. Ogden stated, in his opinion,
i the sources from which Mr. Swartwout retained
j the moneys, and the mode by which he was able
I to keep his transfer to the Treasurer apparently
correct; but about the years 1836 and 1837, tha
deficiency had amounted so high that it became
necpbbary,m order to prevent its detection, to use
the bonds which weie deposited with him for col-
lection, a large amount of them was withdrawn
from the usual course, and the amount collected
by Mr Swartwout Prom this arises the princi-
pal deficiency in the bond account
In regard to the amount of defalcation, Mr. Og-
den stated that in one of his conversations with
Mr. Swartwout last summer, he (Mr. Ogden) told
