1838.]                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ¡GLOBE.                                            =25
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Printing—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
ment. Upon that, I must say I had not time to
make the investigation, and I presume it is not
expected that any member of this body should be
able to enter impromptu upon that complex sub-
ject. If there are any competent, I certainly am
not one; but I may safely venture to say that
most of those expenditures are made in the Sen-
ator's own region of country. He well knows
they are regulated by law; and I doubt not, like
most of the other expenditures, are made mainly
by the votes of gentlemen of his own political
complexion. But he states it as a fact, and then
professes some difficulty in its explanation, that
while, during a part of General Jackson's admin-
istration, the revenue was declining, the expense
of collection rather increased. The Senator I
think has himself supplied us with an answer by
informing us that in many places the revenue had
so fallen off as not to cover the expenses of collec-
tion ; while, therefore, the aggregate revenue fell
off, and became more concentrated at particular
points, where the expenses were consequently
increased, the expenses at the other places could
not be materially diminished.
The Senator next comes round to the Post Office
Department, and without specifying any particu-
lar extravagance, inquires why 1 have not directed
my attention to that? 1 believe the present head
of that Department is anxious to subject it to the
most rigid economy, and only regret that he has
not been allowed to administer its aifairs more
according to his truly Democratic notions. With
respect to the box money, I think it, with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, an abuse. I believe it a
mere Yankee trick, by which the northern post-
masters first contrived to swell the profits of their
office, from whom those further South have un-
fortunately caught it.
But the Senator says I have forgotten other
small matters, and first alludes to the branch mints.
Whether the mints are conducted upon the most
economical principles, I am not prepared to say;
perhaps there may be some extravagance in their
administration, yet t am not aware that there is.
But if the Senator means to say that those insti-
tutions are either useless or improper, I am direct-
ly at issue with him. Perhaps it is not to be
wondered at that an advocate for the paper system
should have some aversion to coining even the
gold of his own land, and that he who holds the
coinage power of Congress to extend its jurisdic-
tion to the regulation by law of the paper money
of the States, should see no necessity for exer-
cising the direct power of coinage. Neither is it
strange that those whose iron soil drives them to
exercise their wits in transmuting baser substances
to gold, and inviting it from foreign parts, should
feel some envy of those to whom God has given
that precious metal as the spontaneous product of
their soil, or yielded it to them, by the simplest
labor, from the bowels of the harmless earth. Yes,
sir, Providence ha3 made the region which I in part
represent, rich in its mineral resources; and I hold
it but right that when the Constitution has con-
ferred upon this Government solely the power of
making and regulating coin, that she should ex-
tend her hand to us, who furnish her the materials
to relieve them; and that she should not require
us to traverse half the continent to find a market
for that of which she claims the monopoly.
The obligation to coin is one of the most im-
perative in the Constitution, and every principle
of justice and propriety conjoin in approving the
location of the mints where the bullion can be
furnished. Pew indeed are the crumbs which
fall to our share from the public table, and those
few ought not to excite the envy or displeasure
of our brethren who partake so largely of its dain-
ties.
He next alludes to the Army as an item of ex-
travagance. An army is proverbially an expen-
sive thing. It is difficult for any Government to
administer its affairs economically; and least of
all a republic. So many agents must necessarily
expose to a great deal of waste, and it is impossi-
ble that the supervision which a monarchy would
afford can be placed over them. An army must
needs be expensive. But does the Senator pro-
pose that we should go without one? is every-
thing to be done for commerce and nothing for safe-
ty and honor?   Is the American people indeed so
sordid of soul as to look only to commercial profit,
and make no provision for the protection of their
homes or the honor of their flag? No man can
be more opposed than i am to a large standing
army, but so far from believing the present one
excessive in magnitude, it is, in my estimation,
inadequate to the present necessities of the coun-
try—to the protection of our vast extent of fron-
tier, along which so many causes are in agitation,
threatening us with war.
In conclusion, the Senator from Massachusetts
demands of me whether I hold the Opposition re-
sponsible for having carried on the Seminole war.
No, sir; no. Par be it from me to tear the laurel
from the proper brow and bestow it where it is so
little coveted. I hold the Seminole Indians alone
responsible in any odious sense for the origin and
continuance of that war. On their part it is one of
aggression, on ours merely defensive; and for the
maintenance of that defensive war, with all the
disadvantages under which it is waged, I appro-
priate the credit to no party or section of the coun-
try. I am surprised to hear the intimation from
the Senator that the prosecution of that war is of
doubtful propriety. Sir, it should be thefirst maxim
of every gallant nation not to let a hostile footstep
rest upon her soil. Like the ancient Romans,
never to think of making terms with a foe until he
relinquishes the attitude of an invader. For one,
I would sooner ingulf the whoie Treasury of the
nation than suffer the foot of an invader, civil or
savage, to rest upon our sacred soil. The Semi-
nole Indians may possibly suppose they are en-
eagedin the vindication of a just cause. Beitso.
But does the Senator from Massachusetts believe
the territory in contest theirs or ours? If the
former, then he is right in condemning the war;
but if, as I entertain no doubt it is, the property
of these United States, it should be defended with
our last cent of treasure and our last drop of
blood. Perhaps there are reasons for some differ-
ence of feeling upon this subject between the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and myself. The scene
of the Seminole war is in the southern end of this
continent, and not m the northern; it is nearer
to my home and my fireside than to his; and the
sufferers by savage violence are more nearly my
neighbors. The appeal, therefore, is more direct
to my sympathies and my patriotism. Again,in
process of time this disputed land is destined to
give a wider spread to the institution peculiarly
southern—an institution against which all thefeel-
ings and prejudices of the Senator are arrayed.
My prejudices and feelings are all the other way;
nay, my judgment, too, for I most confidently be-
lieve that this institution is favorable to the highest
moral development of the freemen who live within
its influence; that it promotes the growth of all
the nobler and generous qualities of our nature in
every bosom, except, perhaps, that of the slave
himself. But, with all these allowances, 1 am
certain the Senator from Massachusetts does in-
justice to himself in intimating that he would be
willing to relinquish that war, with anything short
of the conquest of the country; he is not, 1 am
persuaded, thatcraven wretch who would tamely
surrender any portion of the sacred soil of free-
dom to any foe, whether savage or civil.
In conclusion, Mr. President—that the expenses
of this Government ought to be diminished, and
its revenues kept low, I most confidently believe.
Such is the opinion of the head of this Adminis-
tration, as he had assured us in his annual message
at this very session; and such is the judgment of
the bulk of his friends; and if the Opposition gen-
tlemen will join us in sincere efforts to limit
expenditure, instead of making it a subject of
electioneering declamation, the evil will very soon
be greatly diminished. That any administration
can make the machinery of Government move in
perfection—that there shall be no errors of judg-
ment—no infidelity of agents, it would be madness
to expect. All that I ask for the present Admin-
istration is, that its acts shall be judged with
candor, and proper allowances made for human
imperfection and the difficulties by which it has
been environed; and, above all, that the faults of
its opponents shall not rest upon its shoulders;
and I confidently assert it will prove an Adminis-
tration well entitled to the respect and confidence
of the American people.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS MORRIS,
OF OHIO,
In Senate, December 31, 1838,
On his motion to rescind the order te print thirty
thousand copies of certain documents relative to
the duties on Salt.
In the Senate of the United States, Friday, 28th
December, Mr. Benton made the following mo-
tion, which was agreed to without a division—that
thirty thousand copies of the following papers be
printed for the use of the Senate:
1st. Copies of written evidence, as required by
an order of the British House of Commons, dated
24th June, 1817, which was laid before the Board
of Trade, the right honorable Nicholas Vansittert
being president, in an inquiry recently made at
the instance of Lord Kenyan and Sir Thomas
Bernard, as to the supposed operation of the salt
duty, and restrictions on the fisheries, agriculture,
and laboring classes of the Kingdom of Great
Britain. Ordered by the House of Commons to
be printed, 4th of July, 1817, (35 folio pages.)   *
2d. The report of the select committee of the
British House of Commons, appointed in the year
1818, to take into consideration the laws relating
to the salt duties, and the means of remedying the
inconveniences arising therefrom, and to report
thereon, with their observations and opinions, to
the House, together with the minutes of evidence
taken before them. Ordered by the House of Com-
mons to be printed, June 1st, 1818, (8 folio pages.)
3d. Minutes of evidence taken before the same
committee from the 18th of March, 1818, to the
7th of May of the same year; presented to the
House of Commons with the report, June 1st,
1818, and ordered by the House to be printed,
(204 folio pages.)
On the Monday following Mr. Morris sub-
mitted to the Senate a resolution rescinding the
order of Friday, for the printing of the above
named documents.
In support of his resolution Mr. M. said: That
not being in his seat at the time the order was
made, he had, on submitting his resolution, the
first opportunity which presented, made a few re-
marks in support of his motion; but at the sug-
gestion of a Senator, that the moverof the original
resolution was not then in his seat, he agreed that
his resolution should lie on the table until that
honorable Senator [Mr. Benton] should be pres-
ent. He now felt it his duty, with the indulgence
of the Senate, to state the whole of his reasons,
that the Senator from Missouri might fully Under-
stand his objections.
His first objection was the printing of foreign
documents by the order of this body. He thought
the printing of papers connected with the policy
of our own country, and essentially necessary
for the legislation of Congress, could alone justify
the expenditure of public money for such pur-
poses, and Congress had adopted the practice of
printing an extia number of such documents for
distribution, until such practice had grown a seri-
ous evil, and proved one of the many extravagant
uses of the public money; but we are now about to
enlarge this job work by printing a book of for-
eign matter, the proceedings of the board of trade
in England, the report of a select committee of
the British House of Commons, and the minutes
of evidence on which that report was founded,
making a folio volume of two hundred and forty-
seven pages as printed in London. He thought
the printing of books by the order of Congress a
very unjustifiable use of the public money, and if
Congress took but a few steps more in this busi-
ness—indeed if they persisted in the order for
printing thirty thousand copies of this book—it
might well be said that instead of a legislative
body, Congress would soon convert themselves
into a great national book concern. He had no
objections to concerns of this kind, but he con-
sidered them as properly belonging to individuals,
and not to the Government. A Methodist book
concern, a Presbyterian book concern, or that of
any other religious or political association, he
thought a commendable thing; but it was a pri-
vate affair by which individuals et their own Ex-
pense undertook to promulgate through the coun«
