32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
25th Cong....3d Sess.    Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Cambreleng, Mr. Mason, etc.
Ho. of Reps
Uon would not fad, be the complexion of the com-
mittee what it might, to attribute its appointment
to wrong motives Let the committee, then, be
appointed in such a way that no suspicions could
be entertained with any color of reason. It was a
great subject. The end in view was to protect the
treasure of the country from dilapidation. It had
been most shamefully squandered for nine years
in succession, and yet the Treasury machinery
had pioved wholly inadequate to detect the rob-
bery. This was not a vague assertion: it rested
on the authority of the highest ñscal officer of the
Government, the Secretary of the Treasury him-
self. If such were the case, it called for the im-
mediate interposition of the House. For one, he
was desirous of a committee appointed by ballot,
in order that the American people might feel as-
sured thatit would be such a committee, and con-
duct the inquiry in such a manner as should se-
cure to them the efficient protection of this House
The gentleman had asked if the committee should
be appointed by ballot, who would be responsible
for It. A most extraordinary question ' Who
would be responsible ? What' did the gentleman
mean to throw out the imputation that any com-
mittee of this House reposed itself on the respon-
sibility of the Speaker who appointed it?
Mr CAMBRELENG explained. What he
had asked was, who would be responsible for the
appointment of the committee, if it was appointed
in the dark ?
Mi. MASON. Who would be responsible?
The committee itself would be responsible, let who
would appoint them
[ileie some gentleman, speaking across, said,
let them he appointed viva voce }
Yes, sir, (said Mr M ,) let them be appointed
cica voce, if you will, I am ready for such a vote,
but howeverappomted,! say the committee, when
appointed, will be responsible for its own acts
He had deemed it proper that a committee should
be raised in such a manner as to protect the in-
quiry confided to them from all suspicion of a
design to whitewash anybody Let their report
go to the Amencan people stamped with the im-
press of a bona jide intention to redress a great
public evil. He went for such a report as should
bear the broad seal of truth on its front, and
should be wholly freed from a partisan character
Mr CAMBRELENG said he would accept
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Virginia,
[Mr Wisl,] as now modified, save so much of
it as proposed that the committee be appointed by
ballot.
Mr. WISE inquired whether the gentleman had
a right to accept of the amendment with a reser-
vation ot any part ot it' Must he not accept it as
a whole ?
The CHAIR said the gentleman had a perfect
right to modify hn> own resolution by the addition
to it of whatever woidb he pleased
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, said the gentleman
from New Yuik had undertaken to answer argu-
ments as his which he had never made.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained. lie had been
answering the gentleman'a colleague, [Mr. Wise,J
who had talked about a stocked pack, and about
a whitewashing committee, &c
Mr GARLAND Yes, sir, the gentleman's
answer wa<* to my colleague, but all the thunder
of it fell on my poor head And what has been
my sin in this matter? I, it seems, am answer-
able for the defalcation of Swartwout, because he
is a Conservative Sir, I believe he was a Con-
servative, and the result was, that he conserved
more than a million of the public money, and
conserved himself to boot, and got off sale to
London     is that my fault>
The gentleman made another suggestion, by
which he attempted to put me in an awkwaid
position; he says it did not look well in me to
want to be at the head of an investigating com-
mittee on the defalcation of a Conservative inend.
Sir, I flatly deny the charge I might appeal to
gentlemen on this fiooi who know that when 1
offered the resolution which my colleague has
adopted, I expre=rely disclaimed all wish or pur-
pose to be on the committee But how does the
gentleman's doctrine apply to himself' Does he
not know that, by the same ¡ale of courtesy, he
would himself be placed at the head of the com-
mittee f He moved it in the first instance. But
he says he asked to be excused from serving on
it. Well, sir, and are there no other gentlemen
who could prefer the same request ? I have had
enough, Heaven knows, of the chairmanship of
investigating committees. I want no more of it,
I assure you. The gentleman wants to know
how it is that I should seek to examine into the
defalcation of Mr. Swartwout, a political friend;
yet the gentleman, after admitting that my resolu-
tion was more comprehensive than his own, ac-
cepted it as a modification. If I offered it with a
view to cover up my friend's defalcation, how
comes it that he accepted it who wants to expose
him ? His only objection to my proposition is,
that it proposes a committee appointed by ballot;
the rest he adopts as hia own. Sir, was it I
who first moved in this'matter? Was it not the
gentleman himself' Did not the President sug-
gest the measure in his message ? Did not the
Secretary do the same thing in his report? And
was it not, again I ask, the gentleman himself
who commenced the affair? I might retort upon
the gentleman by asking why he did not include
Mr Price's case, and whether he omitted it be-
cause that gentlpman is a political friend of his ?
Mr. CAMBRELENG. I thought I had ex-
plained that matter already. The case of Mr.
Price was not then heard of.
Mr. GARLAND. If the gentleman made that
explanation, I did not hear it But, sir, I here
tell the gentleman from New York that denuncia-
tions of this kind will never drive me from my
course in this House or elsewhere. In the dis-
charge of my duty I am responsible to my Creator,
to my country, and to my constituents; and I
never have asked any man, and I never will, in
what manner I shall discharge it.
But, sir, was there not some reason that I should
have moved in this business. The gentleman from
New York and his friends advocate one plan for
managing the moneyed concerns of the country; I
and my friends advocate another. The gentleman
and his associates declare that this great defalca-
tion of Swartwout is to be traced to the system we
advocate. Was it to be expected that I should
sit coldly by, and let any course be taken that he
and his friends might choose to point out? Sir,
this is not a solitary case These defalcations
have been multiplying with an awful rapidity.
Scarce do our ears recover from the sound of one
explosion, before another still louder bursts upon
them They commenced with little accounts of
#30,000 and $40,000, and they have gone on till
they have grown to up wards of a million at a bio w.
And all this, forsooth, is to be attributed to the
State bank system, and yet we are not to ask a
full investigation, for fear of being charged with a
design to cover up the iniquities of our political
faends1 I ask any man to look at the resolution
I offered, and see how it covers up the default?
Are not the committee to examine everywhere?
May they not examine the banks too ? The powers,
as I supposed, were full enough to cover the most
ample investigation, but, if not, I here tell the gen-
tleman from New Yoik, that if he wants any
further powers, let him put the resolution in his
own words, and I will vote for it. I seek to screen
nobody.
As to a committee by ballot, those who know
my past hiitory know that that is no new idea
with me. In the Legislature of my own State, it
was ever a favorite with me. Not that I distrust
the Speaker. I know that he does oidmanly ap-
point committees, but while, on ordinary oc-
casions, the House, by its acquiesence, may suf-
fer him to exercise this power, yet, in great and
momentous emergencies, it shouldappomtits own
committees foi itself Su, whose committee is
this to be? The Speaker's? or the House's com-
mittee' The argument of the gentleman comes to
just this the llouw can trust the Speaker, but it
cun'l timt ihrif That's it, sir. If we appoint by
ballot, we act " in the dark," there ii no respon-
sibility Sir, it is a reflection on the character of
this House. But is not this a question on which
the House should assume the responsibility, and
not cast it on the Speaker? If he appoints the
committee, ana their report bears hard on one
party, we shall immediately hear some gentleman
get up and talk about a stocked pack, and, if it
bears hard on the other side, we shall hear the
same complaints and insinuations from that quar-
ter; party feeling will have its influence, and the
appointment of tne committee is sure to dissatisfy
somebody. I propose that the House take its
own responsibility, and then let the report bear on
whom it may. There can be no complaints of a
"stocked pack." But no, sir; this won't do.
The House cannot trust itself; there will be no
responsibility. Sir, 1 tell the gentleman I am
ready for a viva voce vote. I am prepared to tell
the gentleman from New York, and every other
gentleman, who they are I vote for. I will give
the gentleman a copy of my ticket, and he may
put it in the papers, if he will. And if the gen-
tleman is still haunted with the idea that I am
seeking the chair of the committee, 1 will here
make a bargain with him; and we will both agree
to stay off the committee altogether. There are
others fitter for the place than either of us. Let
the House take the vote m any form, I, for one,
request not to be put on the committee. Have I
asked any gentleman to vote for me ? If I have,
let them say so. Besides, if the committee is
chosen by ballot, you, Mr, Speaker, will not ap-
point the chairman of it, so the usual obligation
of courtesy would not put me at the head of it; the
chanman would be appointed by the House, or
chosen by the committee itself. How could I
know that I should be made chairman > The gen-
tleman's charge falls to the ground. No, sir, 1 am
actuated, I trust, by higher motives than the poor,
pitiful, contemptible hope of being placed in the
chair of a committee. 1 tell the gentleman from
New York that, not for the honor of his good
opinion, nor for the sake of avoiding his bad opin-
ion, would I accept such a distinction. 1 don't
want such another task; once is quite enough.
But I also say that if, notwithstanding my request
to the contrary, I shall be placed on that commit-
tee, I shall endeavor to do my duty faithfully and
fearlessly. But 1 hope to remain here on the floor,
where I am ready to meet the gentleman from
New York on his fine financial scheme of keeping
the public money in the hands of individuals. On
that plan I mean to be heard in this House.
Sir, it is due to the little party of which I am a
member, that a full and fair investigation be had,
to see whether the State-banks are accountable for
this money If he will prove that they are, I wil!
abandon the State bank scheme to-morrow morn-
ing The gentleman's grand political rule of pol-
icy in the matter is this: if an individual keeps the
public money for a week, he will rob the nation;
but if he keeps it for a month or a year, he will
not touch a cent of it. That is not my creed.
Why, sir, in this case of Swartwout, the money
was all plundered before ever it reached the banks.
1 here ask the gentleman from New York, in his
place, do the banks owe to the Government, at
this moment, one single cent of this money ? Have
they not paid every dollar that was intrusted to
them? Yet they are to be held responsible; the
default is chargeable on the State-bank system,
and not on the Sub-Treasury!
Mr. CUSHING said that the aspect of the
question before the House was materially changed
since the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam-
brelcng] came forward to move an inquiry into
the peculations of the collector of New York. That
motion he (Mr. C ) regarded as an event,an epoch
in the history of the times. It stood stiikmgly
in contrast with what occurred only two years
ago. At that time the President of the United
States undertook to certify to the integrity of the
departments and officers of the Government The
Administration claimed to be spotless; it seemed
to challenge scrutiny of its acts; it held itself up as
immaculate; aa if there was no taint of its intact
punty, no blot on the whiteness of its ermine.
Nay, when committees of investigation were ap-
pointed by the House, the Administration assumed
the lofty tone of indignant innocence, and repelled
with all the force of us power the accusation then
made by the gentleman from Virginia The same
contrast was yet more glanng, when it was con-
sidered that the Administration of his colleague
[Mi. Adams] had been assailed with every species
ofimputation by those now in power, and the most
trivial acts of that period were dealt with as the
greatest political enormities This Administra-
tion had come in over the rums of that; upon the
profession, loud and confident, of the high-spirited
