36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
25th Con6....3d Sess.
Dry Backs—Mr. Naylor, Mr. Ingham, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
offered the amendment to the consideration of the
curomittee. He appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw it, and not to embarrass a, bill which
provided for the erection of a dry-dock in a place
where it was needed,and which had from time to
time received the approbation of the Department.
The site at Philadelphia had never been recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr- NAYLOR. Did I understand the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Ingham] to say that
the ¡site of the navy-yard at Philadelphia had
never been examined with a view to the estab-
lishment of a dry-dock there? There was a very
elaborate report made by the Committee on Naval
Affairs at the last session of Congress in favor of
such an establishment there?
Mr. INGHAM admitted it. What he intended
to say was, that the site had never been examined
by any of the proper officers of the Department,
with a view to establish a dry-dock there, and that
it had never been recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. NAYLOR. It strikes me,Mr. Chairman,
that the site of Philadelphia ia strongly recom-
mended by the necessities of the case. And I will
point to a fact which, of itself, speaks volumes.
On« of the finest ships ever built here, or probably
in the world—the ahip of the line Pennsylvania—
was taken from Philadelphia to Norfolk for the
purpose of being there coppered and finished.
And why? Because we had not the materials and
the skill? No! But because there was no dry-dock
at Philadelphia. The finest ships that have been
built in the country—the President, the Franklin,
North Carolina, the Guerriere, the Pennsylvania
—-everyone of them has been taken from that port.
We have from time to time been building the best
and the finest ships, by the best mechanics in the
country, and yet they are taken from Philadelphia
to be finished. If such be the fact, why not have
a dry-dock ? Is it not needed? It strikes me that
Philadelphia and New York are both places where
dry-docks are required more than anywhere else.
In Philadelphia there is a great mercantile com-
munity. Sailors are raised there, and if you will
extend to them the same encouragement that they
find in the merchant service, there would be a suffi-
cient number to man your whole Navy. You have
there skillful and enterprising mechanics, able to
build your best ships, and who do build them.
You have all the materials for building, and all the
meansof equipping,supplying,and manning them;
and, in addition to this, you have good sound fresh
water, which is not injurious to the bottoms of the
ships. I appeal to the candor of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] whether
these facts do not show a strong necessity for a
dry-dock at Philadelphia. We build as many
vessels, and we build them as well, as the people
of any other port in the Union. Our country is
proud of them, and yet we cannot have the satis-
faction of completing them because we have no
dry-dock. In tune of war, Philadelphia is beyond
the reach of an enemy, and yet, by the aid of
steam-vessels, you can take a ship from the capes
of the Delaware to the city in twelve or fifteen
hours, and place her beyond the thunders of an
enemy. The distance of Philadelphia from the
ocean is, therefore, a recommendation in its favor,
instead of being an objection. Under all these
circumstances, 1 ask if this is not a reasonable
amendment? Is there not as much necessity for a
dry-dock in Philadelphia as in New York?
Philadelphia is a great building station, and is
one of the oldest and most celebrated in the coun-
try. A navy can be therebuüt, supplied, equipped,
manned, and fitted out for all the purposes of
war or peace, at leastas speedily and as well as
in any other place in the country, and at a much
more economical rate. These are advantages
which every naval station should have; and no
naval station can be complete without them.
Philadelphia possesses them all in an eminent de-
gree. In adopting this amendment, therefore, and
establishing a dry-dock there, you give to her and
her mechanics the opportunity to put forth all
their genius and skill to the increase and improve-
ment of our navy, and to the elevation of our
naval character. Why should it not, therefore,
be sustained ? You have established a navy-yard
there at a great cost to the Government-, why not
complete it? And it cannot be completed until
you construct in it a dry-dock. 1 hope the amend-
ment may prevail.
Mr. MALLORY said that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Naylor] seemed to mistake
the mam object of a dry-dock. It was not so
much to finish vessels which were built, as to re-
pair them. One great objection to Philadelphia
was the ice in the winter season. In the next
place, there was not a sufficient draught of water
for a vessel of war, with all her armament and
stores, to go there. Now, in New York there was
the requisite draught of water, and also in other
places. When the North Carolina was carried
round to Boston, there was not a dry-dock in the
United States. She was carried there simply be-
cause it was safer than any where else. The great
object of a dry-dock was, that when a ship of
war, with her crew, armament, and munitions
aboard, needed overhauling in her bottom, she
could be carried into any one of these docks and
repaired without moving anything. The dry-dock
at Boston had saved to the country more money
than the cost of its construction. He had no
hostility to Philadelphia, but he did not regard it
as a proper place for a dry-dock. If a bill were
brought forward in a proper shape, probably his
opposition to it might cease. But, at present, he
saw no reason to favor the project.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had almost made
up his mind, after the course which the present,
or, he should more properly say, the late Admin-
istration had pursued towards the South on the
subject of navy-yards, never to vote for another
appropriation for a northern navy-yard, even if
the alternative presented to him should be the rot-
ting of the whole navy. He intended, however,
to vote for this appropriation for a dry-dock at
New York. There were two or three line-of-battle-
ships now in that port which were absolutely
rotting for want of it; and, though he could not,
under such circumstances, withhold his assent to
the appropriation, yet he confessed he yielded it
most reluctantly. And when he made this dec-
laration, he trusted that his course in this House,
and more especially in reference to the section of
country from which he came, would exempt him
from the imputation of being influenced by any
unworthy spirit of jealousy; or by any desire to
enter into the miserable scramble for the public
money or the public offices. Tins was almost the
only branch of the public service in which the
South could receive any appropriations. Deeply
solicitous as the whole South is for the success of
our great enterprise—the Charleston and Cincin-
nati railroad—we do not ask, and cannot even
receive, an appropriation from this Government.
Look at the situation of your southern coast.
There is not a place from Norfolk to the Gulf of
Mexico, where even a long-boat can be repaired.
And, although, three years since, I succeeded in
extorting from the House, by rallying southern
and western gentlemen, and by putting them upon
their metal, an appropriation for the naval estab-
lishment at Pensacola, yet none of that money
has been laid out. It was grudgingly given, and
has not yet been expended. Under these circum-
stances, I shall vote in favor of this appropriation;
but I will not vote for it if it is connected with any
rider whatsoever.
Mr. CAMCRELENG said that as this was the
first appropriation during the present session for
a new object, it might be proper to say a word in
relation to it. Properly speaking, however, this
was nota new appropriation. It was merely re-
appropriating that which had been carried to the
surplus fund—an appropriation which had been
made three years ago, but the expenditure of which
had been defeated, owing to the difficulties arising
with speculators and proprietors of lands in the
neighborhood of New York. The only appropria-
tion, therefore, now made, was to reappropriate
the amount which had been carried to the surplus
fund. He should vote in favor of it, but he hoped
no other appropriation would be added to it. And
he hoped, also, that no appropriations for new
objects of any kind would be made during the
present session, except such as were indispens-
ably requisite for public purposes. The amount
of appropriations which would be charged upon
the revenue of 1839, would probably not be less
than twenty-six millions, besides which we had
eight millions of Treasury notes to redeem. It
would be difficult to devise the ways and means to
meet this charge, without suspending some of the
appropriations. He repeated the hope, therefore,
that no appropriations for new objects would re-
ceive the sanction of the House, unless they were
of a character not to be disoensed with.
Mr. PARMENTER called the attention of the
House to the expenses attending the construction
of a dry-dock, which he believed would amount
to some five or six hundred thousand dollars. A
number of years ago, various sites in the Union
had been examined, with a view to ascertain which
would be the most proper. A report was made in
favor of Charlestown and Gosport, but there were
serious objections urged against the establishment
of a dry-dock at Brooklyn. In the first place, it
was highly important that a dry-dock should be
placed m a navy-yard which was accessible at ali
seasons of the year, so as not to be exposed to the
blockade of an enemy. During the last war with
Great Britain, the port of New York was entirely
blockaded, and it was almost impossible for vessels
to get in.
Although it is true (continued Mr. P.) that the
Secretary of the Navy has been in favor of the
construction of a dry-dock at Brooklyn, yet the
Commissioners of the Navy have expressed the
opinion that two dry-docks are ample for the
wants of the naval service of the United States.
We have two airead y, and no advantage can result
from increasing their number, except for use in
time of war. If a dry-dock cannot be used in
time of war, it seems to me that it is improper to
go to the expense of its construction.
The bar of New York prevents the largest sized
vessels from entering that port at all times. It
has been said that the average draught of ships of
the first class is twenty-six feet; of the second
class twenty-five feet; of frigates of the first class
twenty-two and a half feet; of frigates of the
second class twenty-one feet. This bill is accom-
panied with no report or estimates. The average
depth of water on the bar of New York harbor
has been estimated at twenty-two feet. Itappears
to me that the subject ought to be deferred until a
future Congress, and, if it be thought necessary
to have a new dry-dock, a full examination of the
whole subject, and reports and estimates presented,
before a system is recommended which would in-
volve the expenditure of so large amounts.
My impression is that the matter should be
deferred. There is no necessity existing for the
establishment of a dry-dock in Brooklyn. Let
an examination be made into the subject, and let
us wait till we have such a report as will satisfy
the House of the expediency of the project. For
my own part, taking into consideration the objec-
tions which exist against this particular location,
and believing also that if you intend to establish
dry-docks upon a general system, you ought to
establish one at Philadelphia, I hope the matter
will be deferred, at least until the necessity of con-
structing one at Brooklyn is clearly demonstrated.
Mr. REED would not enter into any debate on
this subject, for he hoped that this would turnout
to be a business session. He had nothing to say
against the construction of a dry-dock at New
York. He took it for granted that only one such
dock was now about to be provided for, and that
one ought to be at New York.
As to the examination spoken of by the gentle-
man who last addressed the House, [Mr. Par-
menter,] he (Mr. R.) would say that there had
been no one question relating to the navy which
had been more closely examined than this very
question of the construction of a dry-dock at
Brooklyn. Three years ago an appropriation had
been made for this object, but had been strangely
defeated. It was not for him to complainof spec-
ulators. He would only say that petitions had
been got up to show that some place in the vicin-
ity of New York offered greater advantages for the
location of a dry-dock than New York did, and
thus its construction had been improperly post-
poned. The construction of the dock was recom-
mended by the Navy Department. The appro-
priation was supported by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] although re-
luctantly, because the necessity of the case was
