1839.}
AFPEM>JQ£ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Dry Bocks—Mr. Hoffman, Mr. Sergeant, Mr. Fry,
Ho. of RtPk
too strong to be resisted. He (Mr. R.) bad noth-
ing to say in relation to the South at this time.
It was sufficient for him to know that this appro-
priation was exceedingly needed. The project had
been postponed too long already. And as to the
objection which one gentleman [Mr. Parmenter]
had made in regard to the depth of the water, did
he not know that a ship of the line had just left
that port with her crew, her armament, and her
munitions and stores on board, and that she had
water enough and to spare? There had been nu-
merous reports made on the subject, but the gen-
tleman did not seem fully acquainted with them.
The House, however, it was to be presumed, was
in possession of the requisite information.
As to a dry-dock at Philadelphia, he (Mr. R.)
would say nothing now. He would speak of it
at the proper time. It was obvious that only one
appropriation would be made for a dry-dock now.
Let it, therefore, be placed where the Department
and the just sense of the country have decided that
it ought to be placed.
Mr. HOFFMAN said he did not rise to debate
this question, but merely to answer a statement
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Parmenteb.] But, in the first instance, he (Mr.
H.) wished to correct an error which pervaded the
committee, that this wag an appropriation for a
¿ry-dock at New York. Such was not the fact.
It was an appropriation for a dry-dock at the city
of Brooklyn, on Long Island.
The great purposes of a dry-dock were not to
copper and finish vessels. The main object was
to place them in a situation where, from the read-
iness of access to the sea, and the provision of the
requisite material, vessels might enter and be
promptly repaired in time of service. It was not
necessary, however, to dwell on this point.
Nor was he opposed to a dry-dock at Philadel-
phia. He should cheerfully vote in favor of an
appropriation for that purpose, whenever it might
be brought before the House. But (continued
Mr. EL.) from the tone and temper of the House
at the present time, I will ask gentlemen whether
¡t is right that a foil!, which might otherwise pass
with unanimity, should be incumbered by amend-
ments for objects which will defeat their wishes
and our ow«> whether we are hostile to them or
not? Let them assist us, and I, for one, will give
them my support in favor of a dry-dock at Phila-
delphia, whenever the question shall be fairly pre-
sented.
In reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Parmenter,] I will ask him
If he has forgotten that one of the largest ships in
the service entered the harbor of New York, and
went out with all her guns, crew, and provisions
pn board? Has he forgotten that Lieutenant Ged-
ney had told the country that he would undertake
to beat her out with a head wind; that there was
room for her in stays, and that she could enter
almost at half-tide? And then I will ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether the objections
to this appropriation, even if fortified by reasons
and argument, would not come better from any
other quarter than from the Representative of a
State enjoying the advantages of one of the two
dry-docks which the munificence of Congress had
erected? The objection would have come with
wore delicacy from the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Thompson;] but even he had assented
to the appropriation, though believing himself to
have good cause of dissatisfaction at the course of
policy adopted in these matters towards the south-
ern region of our country.
Mr. SERGEANT said he would not vote in
favor of the amendment of his colleague, if he
-thought it would injure the appropriation for a dry-
dock at New York. But he could not think it
would be so; if the members were satisfied of the
propriety of making a dock at Philadelphia, they
would support it in the shape of an amendment;
and if they were not, they could not vote for it in
this or m- any form. The question was not as to
the mode, but as to the thing itself.
A great many things had been assumed in rela-
tion to Philadelphia, and the navigation of the
Delaware river, which stood contradicted by a
report made to this House at the last session;
and, if there were time, he should probably ask
the reading of certain portions of it.   This was
not a new question. There was ample testimony
before the House. It appeared, clearly, that there
had already been carried out of Philadelphia many
ships of the largest classes, which had been built
there, and amongst them some of the finest in
the service. And he must here be permitted to
say that the navy-yard in Philadelphia was con-
nected, in the most interesting manner, with the
history of the navy of the United States—in a
manner which entitled it to be cherished.           •
The first communication (continued Mr. S.) in
relation to the building of ships of war that ever
passed between our Government and any man or
men, was addressed to the Naval Constructor of
the city of Philadelphia, the late Joshua Hum-
phreys, father of Samuel Humphreys, United
States Naval Constructor.
The first ship of war built in the United States
(and it was before the Navy Department was
established) was built under the immediate direc-
tion of the War Department; and the correspond-
ence, of which I spoke, passed between General
Knox, then Secretary of War, and Joshua Hum-
phreys. The latter gentleman built the frigate
*' United States;" and the same man furnished
plans and models, and directed the molds of all
the vessels built at that time. From that period
to this, the Government of the United States has
always thought proper to keep the navy-yard at
Philadelphia, and the Government is still of that
opinion. The art of ship-building has been pre-
served there; the industry necessary to preserve
that art in useful exercise is still tobe found there;
and experience shows that naval construction can
be carried on as well there as in any part of the
United States, if not better. The time has come
when one of two things is to happen : Philadel-
phia mast either have a dry-dock, or the navy-
yard will be abandoned. If other yards have
such docks—and not Philadelphia—if they become
the ordinary accompaniments of navy-yards, it
will be made a standing argument against the
yard at Philadelphia, and will finally lead to its
destruction. I therefore consider this question
neither more nor less than whether the navy-yard
there shall be maintained at ail. Why should not
Philadelphia have a navy-yard, when experience
has shown that there are facilities to do the work
economically, and hands that will do it faithfully
and well ?
Here is a report, made from the Naval Com-
mittee at the last session of Congress, with a com-
munication from Commodore Stewart to Captain
Henry, together with a plan and estimates for a
dry-dock, furnished by Mr. Strickland, the engi-
neer. In page 8 of this document is a statement
of the vessels of war that have passed over the
Delaware river, including the "Pennsylvania,"
the first ship in the United States. A nd what is it ?
Why, that that vessel went safely down the river,
drawing twenty-three feet of water—two feet of
the tide were already lost—and there were, not-
withstanding, from four to five feet under her.
The result ascertained—not doubtful, but certain
—is, that the largest ships can descend our river
with ease and safety. This, then, being the only
difficulty, and this being disposed of, what is there
on the other side of the question > I will not reca-
pitulate the arguments of my colleague. There
is, however, one feature in the case of the Phila-
delphia station which cannot be too much pressed,
and that is the abundance of sweet fresh water
there, where the worm cannot live, and a ship can
lie forever without danger from its ravages, so
destructive in salt water. When we have got
such a dock, we can finish our own ships.
What was the course pursued with the Penn-
sylvania? Deeply mortifying it was to those who
had laid her keel, and who had seen her grow
until she became the beautiful and gigantic thing
she now is, and who were then told that they
could not finish her. Why not? Because we had
no dry-dock. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hoffman] says that a dry-dock is not the
place for building ships; but this proves that, in
the opinion of the Navy Department, a dry-dock
is the place for fmklúng the building of a ship.
Well, she was sent away, the allegation (whether
true or not I will not say) being that it was
unsafe to copper her before launching, and that
she could not be coppered after she was launched
at Philadelphia, but must be sent elísévHJere,
Now, if yoa are to come to the conclusion that
hereafter a ship is neither to be finisifeU «or
repaired at Philadelphia, you make a great stride
towards the conclusion that there is to be do* navy-
yard at Philadelphia. This is as sure *£ ib«
denial of a dry-dock. I refer gentlemen to the
report made at the last session of Congress", ana
to the documents accompanying it. This subject,
as I have before said, is not a new one. It has
been anxiously examined; and let me say that in
these documents you have the pledge of the highest
professional reputation, that the construction of
a dry-dock at Philadelphia holds Out so many
advantages as to justify a claim on the Govern-
ment of the United States-, authority which platea
it on high ground, not only as a fit place, but ás
holding out peculiar advantages of a very decided
character.
Against the dry-dock at Brooklyn I have not a
word to say. Common justice requires that there
should be one also at Philadelphia, in that navy-
yard where your Navy was cradled—where^tne
young Hercules received his first nourishment.'
Mr. FRY said he had but little to say in addi-
tion to what had already been said "upon tRe
subject; he must, however, be permitted to say
that his colleague, [Mr. Paynter,] in dffering' the
amendment under consideration, could hot jüsw
be charged with a desire to load down this bi ,
as was intimated by the gentlettiaa from Sóutk
Carolina.
Sir, we from Pennsylvania contend, or sUMl eof>-
tend, without any desire to disparage the claim it
New York for a dry-dock at Brooklyn, fchai we
hold it a questionable matter whether PhTfa<feIphi 
be not equally entitled to a dry-dock atthetiavy-
yard there. Sir, permit me here to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the words of the bill as
reported, and now before us. It appropriates
$100,000 to the improvement of the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, and for building a dry-dock. Now,
sir, I understand that that portion of the appro-
priation which is to be applied to the improvement
of the navy-yard, is to purchase the ground for
the location of the dock.
Mr. INGHAM (chairman of the Committéeon
Naval Affairs) explained.
Mr. FRY. Be that as it may, or be it so, from
the very words of the bill, a part of the appropri-
ation was for the improvement of the na'vy-yard,
and the question was, how much of this §100,000
was to be expended upon the naVy-yatdj-aéd ho#
muoh for the dock? Is eighty or ninety thousand
dollars of this appropriation to be expemféíf ítt 'fítf
navy-yard, and the remaining ten or twenty'thou-
sand dollars for the dock? How are we to judge
upon this point? The committee are left entirety
in the dark in this matter. But, sir, if we pass
the amendment of my colleague, and give $100,000
to the construction of a dry-dock at Philadelphia,
then you have no dispute abmjt the ground, nd
rights to buyout, and you have an assurance that
the money will be appropriated to no other pur-
pose than the building of a dry-dock.
Sir, in what particular does the claims of the
yard at Brooklyn stand preeminent to those of
the yard at Philadelphia? We are told that it is
admitted by ail, that there isa necessity for a dry-
dock at Brooklyn, New York. Well, what are
the reasons assigned? We have this bill, to be
sure, but I have seen no report, no argument to
give it a preference, or show its peculiar advant-
ages over Philadelphia. On the other hand, ac-
companying the bill for the erection of a dry-dock
at Philadelphia, we have a report from the com-
mittee, going into the matter fully, and showing
clearly, to my mind, that the site there is inferior/
to none.
Mr. F. said he would call the attention of the
committee to one fact that had been alluded to in'
the report of the Committee on Naval Affairs, for
a dock at the Philadelphia yard. He did not
recollect the words, but the substance was, tha4
some years ago, perhaps in 1814, a report to the
House of Representatives, from some branch of
the Navy .Department, suggested some place for
a dry-dock on the North river, as being out of*
the reach of approach by foreign vessels. Sir, the
idea is a strong one, and let us look for a moment
at the site at Philadelphia in this view; while the
