J«3&
APP&TOX/T0 THE CQNORfBSIONJtL^jyOBE,
#
25th Gong....3d Sess.                      Graduation MM—Mr. Glay, of Mabama.                             _   .•-    ..^bn^wc
Many of these lands hare been in market nearly
half a century, and no one would give for them
the minimum price per acre. Do you intend to
hold on to them another half century, by demand-
ing prices they will never bring, tírdo you intend
never to change the price of these lands? Do you
intend thus to eondemn to perpetual desolation
vast regions of the valley of the West, because,
in the opinion of the Senator from Kentucky, as
exhibited in his table, Some portions of this great
valley may be too rapidly augmenting in popula-
tion. It has heretofore been considered by polit-
ical economists, thatthatstatesman was most wise,
useful, and patriotic, who encouraged the culti-
vation of the Soil of the country; but now this
maxim seems to be reversed, and he is to be re-
garded as the most useful individual who will
withhold from cultivation the largest portion of
the soil of the country, by demanding prices for
it which it will never bring—by holding on to it
from century to century; losing by this wise
écheme of finance, by interest alone, in every six-
teen years, one half the limited price. But why
move to recommit the bdl ? The bill was open to
amendment without recommitment, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky could now move his proposi-
tion, and take the sense of 4he Senate upon it,
without sending the bill back to the committee.
A recommitment could produce no other effect
than to endanger the passage of the bill by the
delay which- it would occasion, one third of the
short session having already passed; and Mr.W.
hoped that no friend of the bill, in any shape,
would vote for the.recommitment.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, expressed hissurprise
that this motion for recommitment, made by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] had not
been made at an earlier day. The bill under con-
sideration, ha said, as its number indicated, was
the first one introduced at the present session. It
had been introduced on his (Mr. C.'s) motion at
the earliest possible moment. After having been
twice read, it had been, in the usual course, re-
ferred to Che Committee on the Public Lands, by
Whom-it had been reported, without the least
-áehvy, in form and substance, as it had passed
*he"Ser te at the lastsession. When the bill first
came ap for consideration, the honorable Senator
fromKentaeky rose, and said he had not expected
it to oeS e up-a* that time, and that, consequently,
-h* was not then prepared for its discussion. He
moved the postponement of its consideration till
the following Monday, and his motion was sus-
tained. In the mean time, the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] availing himself of this
delay, moved its reference to the Committee on
Finance, with a view to have it considered, and
reported upon in reference to the probable effect
of its passage upon the revenue. That committee
reported it back on the day appointed for its con-
sideration, but other business occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate that day, and for several days
afterwards, and, in the mean time, the report of
the-Coramittee on Finance was printed. The bill
came up again a week ago; and what course did
the Senator from Kentucky then think proper to
pursue? He seemed to be then as much taken
at surprise as in the first instance; he was not still
readyfor its discussion, and again moved its post-
ponement, and it was further postponed till Mon-
day last. The attention of the Senate was, how-
ever, occupied throughout that day with other
subjects, and it had not come up until now.
Now, (said Mr. C.,) why did not the Senator
from Kentucky offer his proposition for recom-
mitment at one of those periods? He said all
knew this was the short session, limited by the
Constitution to the 3d day of March; and one
third of the period allotted to it had elapsed. He
asked-, did not the course pursued have the ap-
pearance of a wish to defeat the bill, by procras-
tinating its passage to so late a period of the ses-
sion-that there would not be time left sufficient for
the consideration-and action of the other House?
Could it be considered fair and honorable, in the
enemies of the measure, thus to attempt to defeat
it by indirection? Mr. C. said he would not
charge this to be the intention of the Senator from
Kentucky, but certainly that would be the effect,
whatever might be the motive. The friends of
the measure had fail confidence in its merits, in
its jostiee.and its expediency; all they desired was
that its opponents should meet it fairly. Let them
being forward whatever objections they believed
to exist, and urge all their arguments against its
principle or its policy; and its friends would under-
take to meet all those objections and arguments.
We only ask (said Mr. C.) time for investigation,
and time for action; a dispassionate consideration,
and a calm decision.
Sir, (said Mr. C.,) if there were anything novel
in the measure before us, there would be some
plausibility, and, perhaps, propriety, in seeking
to delay its progress; but there is no new feature
in it. As the bill now stands, it was not only
fully debated, but passed the Senate by a decided
majority at the last session, and within the last
seven or eight months. Nor, indeed, (said Mr.
C.,) was it then new. It had been a subject of
deep and exciting interest, not only in the new
States, where the lands embraced by its provisions
lie, but throughout the Union, for the last twelye
or fifteen years, but more especially during the
last six or seven. Within the latter period, he
said, it would be recollected, the bill for the dis-
tribution of the net proceeds of the public lands,
amongst the several States, had been repeatedly
agitated in both Houses of Congress, That meas-
ure had been just cause of alarm amongst the
people of the new States, and had attracted the
attention of all. It had been freely discussed
everywhere; not only here, but in most of the
State Legislature, and in primary assemblies of
the people. Then why recommit the bill, which
must result in inevitable delay ? Why not meet
the question at once, and determine its fate in one
way or the other—either favorably or adversely ?
But, sir, for what purpose are we called upon
to recommit the bill ? For the purpose of so
amending it as to restrict the sales to actual settlers,
and in quantities not exceeding one quarter sec-
tion; and this motion comes from the Senator
from Kentucky. I confess, I heard his proposi-
tion with astonishment! It is surely a novel
movement on his part. It is the first time we have
ever heard his voice raised in favor of the occu-
pant or pioneer. Why, sir, have we not, within
less than twelve months, within these same walls,
heard the Senator from Kentucky denouncing this
worthy class of citizens as lawless intruders, tres-
passers, and violators of the law, utterly unworthy
of any favor from the Government? What strange
magic has wrought this change in that Senator's
feelings towards those who were so recently des-
titute, in his opinion, of all meritorious claims?
He asked for the evidence of the sincerity of the
Senator from Kentucky in this extraordinary,
unexpected, and questionable movement in their
favor. His apparent zeal in behalf of the settlers
might well be questioned, when his whole course,
heretofore, had been that of unyielding opposition
and unsparing denunciation.
Sir, I am not opposed, on this, or any other
occasion, to giving the right of preemption to the
occupant of this, or any other class of the public
lands. It is true there is not the same inducement
to extend such protection in reference to the lands
embraced by this bill, as in the case of lands sub-
ject to sale at auction. The right of preemption
was mainly intended to protect the humble settler
against the overwhelming power of capitalists and
speculators at public sales. At those sales the
price was not limited, the highest bidder became
the purchaser, and any man whose purse contained
a few more dollars than that of the occupant,
might oust him and his family from the posses-
sion and enjoyment of a tract made desirable and
valuable by his labor and industry. The lands
embraced by this bill are not subject to be sold at
auction, but they are to be open to private entry,
at fixed prices; and, however poor a man may
be, if he can command one dollar or seventy-five
cents per acre, he can compete with the most
wealthy purchaser. Diligence and promptitude in
his application will give the poorest man who can
command the reduced price, the preference over
the richest, who may be more tardy.
But, sir, there is no need of the proposed amend-
ment to protect the occupants of these inferior
lands; they are already entitled to the right of
preemption till the 22d of June, 1840, under the
provision of the preemption* law passed at the last
session, and which the Senator from .Keataoky
opposed, in every stage, so vehemently * Every
settler on public land subjeet fo private enttj?,
knows that, under the preemption Jaw refewetf to 
and the construction placed upon it by tfce Secre-
tary of the Treasury, he has the undisputed right
to enter it, in preference to all others, for, th 
period of two years, from and after the passage of
that act. The reduction of the price cannot affect
this right. If a law were to p&se reducing' the
price of all lands, whether subject to sale at auction
or by private entry, every occupant wouW-stiil
retain his right of preemption at the reduced price.
It is not, then, the preference proposed by th*
instructions, to be given to «etual «ettiers(tiiat
constitutes the objection we entertain', it is -the
restriction of sales to settlers alone, and suffering
no one who is not an occupant, though he muy
own adjoining lands, to which portion  of tbeBe
refuse lands may be a desirable addition or 
account of timber or pasture, or though he BMtjf
be entirely destitute of a home for his family, to
become a purchaser at the prices fixed by the bSk
Still, however, (said Mr. C.,)therecewmitmen 
of the bill is not necessary to the attainment*? the
object in view, even if a majority of the Sefiste
should concur in the views of the Senate 'irá 
Kentucky. Why not move thframenaiwat-heres?
The bill is before t-fceSenate, «s w CommitteeBf ém
Whole, and open to any amendment, or modifie*-
tion, which may meet the views | #  majjbrj^! 
Such an amendment can easily fees duaMra up, and
now submitted, and decided. We are ready t 
meet the question; it is the delay, and tto, «flBaev
quences of delay, to which we object. jSasritB
enemies may attain one object, by thft égfisatflí
the bill under consideration. It may QommW*9®
retard the growth and prosperity of the iSC8¿9
west of the Alleghany Mountains, andi consft-
quently, lessen their political importance. H*
said, keeping up the prices of those inferior lands
would compel thousands of the humble class-to
remain in the older States, either in your crowded
cities, or force them to go into your great manufac-
turing establishments, to obtain the means of a
scanty subsistence. Mr. C. alluded to the view
heretofore urged by him, and maintained that tit*
laboring poor, on this side of th  mouatains, as
well as on the other, were interested alike ift íife
success of this measure. He urged, in «tosfflsue*,
that, by reducing the price of these refuse-lands to
their fair relative value, it would be placed iu^to
power of the humble cultivator of the«$ St&teg,
to obtain a home which h* could call his ♦ * ,
and, by honest industry, rear bis.faiBÍlyín mm-
fort and independence. The-bill, hssafi; was not
confined in its operation to special locajitiissjs bat,
if passed, its benefits would b* diffused "through -
out our country.
But, sir, the Senator from Kentucky denounces
the bill as tending to encourage monopoly. And
what is this frightful monopoly, against whtcb the
Senator, for the first time, raises bis warning
voice ? Under its provisions, no one individual
can enter a quantity exceeding six h«ndred and
forty acres; yet the Senator would alarm us by the
portentous cry of monopoly—a monopoly of six
hundred and forty acres of refuse land-~-of land,
much of which has been twenty years, or upwards,
in market, and cannot be sold for the minimum
price of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre!
Much of this land was of the third, fourth, or even
fifth quality, situated in the oldest parts of the new
States, and interspersed through the most dense
and populous districts, attended by every facility
for knowing its value, or making settlements upon
it; yet it would not command, because nobody
thought it worth, the minimum price. Is the pur-
chase of a section of such land as this a monopoly,
with which we, or the people of this country can
be frightened? Mr. 0. said he would be rejoiced
to hear the honorable Senator's distinguished elo-
quence employed in denouncing other monopolies
which, in his opinion, ought to be regarded úa
really enormous, and dangerous to the liberties of
the country. He said it was under the auction
system, assisted by our expanded bank-paper sys-
tem, that the public lands had been monopolizad-
It was not the object of the friends of the«tóíi to
encourage speculation in any part of th* public
domain    Our obje«t, said he, i  to teifflg itfcess
