48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[January S,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Graduation Rill—Mr. Clay, of Alabama.
Semate.
any intention of defeating the bill by delay, and
this ought to be deemed sufficient among men of
^onor.
Now we see (continued Mr. B ) that the grad-
uation system ha«! been put m full force, with re-
gard to the Chickasaw lands, and that in the space
of ave years it descended from one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre, eve  down as low as
twelve and a half eents.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, said, that although he
felt reluctant to consume any portion of the time
of the Senate at this late period of the day, yet the
course of the remarks, of the Senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr. Ci-ay] rendered it incumbent on him
to-say a few words in reply. The Senator set out
by obargmg him (Mr. C ) with having directed
Ins remarks agairst him personally, rather than to
the subject. Now, he was unconscious of having
indulged m any personality incompatible with par-
liamentary «sage, and did not believe he had said
ttttythmg that would justify that imputation. True
it was, (he said,) that he had complained of the
«nfittraess of the time and manner in which the
Senator from Kentucky had moved the recommit-
ment of the bill, and, in relation to that view of
the subject, he would take issue with the Senator
as to the facts The Senator from Kentucky un-
deitook now to say that this bill had not before
come up for consideration What did the Senator
mean by such an assertion ? Did he really mean
to say that the bill had not before been presented,
so as to authorize the present motion for recom-
mitment, 01 any motion to amend or modify it'
If he did so intend, his assertion was wholly
founded in error, and at variance with the facts.
This bill, as he had before stated, was the first one 1
introduced at the present session—it was brought
m at the earliest moment consistent with the prac-
tice of the Senate—it had been twice read, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands, by
whom it was reported back at their first meeting
á. few days afterwards it came up in its order upon
the Calendar, and was announced as the order of
the day from the Chair, and was then open for dis-
ensston, or for any proposition for amendment or
recommitment Did the Senator then think proper
to make any motion for amendment or recommit-
ment' No- on the contrary, instead of moving
to recommit, or amend, the Senator from Ken-
tucky thought pioper to move to postpone ita con
elderation to a furthet day,and it was postponed
When it again came up, the Senator still withheld
his motion far recommitment, and again moved its
postponement for one week, but, finally, upon my
suggestion, he agieed, and it was postponed till
last Monday It was not called up on that day,
because another bubject was before the Senate,
occupying the whole day, and no friend of the
bill, while that subject was pending, hud a right
io call it up Mr C. said the bill had now come
up for the third time, and after all the pievious
delay which had taken place at his instance, the
Senator made his motion for recommitment Now
it did seem to him that it would have been easy
for the Senator to have drawn up his proposition,
and to have moved the recommitment of the bill,
on either of those occasions, instead of its post-
ponement If he had done so, the motion, even
bad it prevailed, would have occasioned no loss oí
time, as the committee could have made up their
report in less time than had been consumed by
either postponement But the Senator from Ken-
tucky thought proper to pursue a different course,
one only calculated to produce delay after delay,
and,  n the end, to defeat the biil,a<! he had before
said, by indirection. He said he did complain, as
he had a right to do, of this kind of opposition to
a measure he had so much at heart, and which
was so closely connected with the best interests of
his State and his constituents.
But the Senator from Kentucky, in alluding to
bis alleged hostility to the interests of tne new
States, intimates that it is rather my desire that
he should seem to occupy that position than the
necessary result of his conduct towaids them
Sir, whilst I deem it unnecessary to reply to such
an insinuation, I will take occasion to say that no
wish or effort of mine is necessary to exhibit the
Senator from Kentucky to the people of the new
States in an attitude of hostility to all their most
valued interests and most cherished rights.   The
record of his own votes in this body, the Journals
of our debates, and his own political history, will
be sufficient to give him bis true position. Yes,
su, through those mediums they may find his
hostility manifested by his opposition to every
measure most closely identified with their pros-
perity and welfare. The people of the new States
have seen his hostility in a continued and perse-
veung opposition to every bill intended to give
them the right of preemption; to secure them in
the privilege of buying, at the same price which
is reoeived from others, the small tracts of land
improved and made valuable by their own labor,
and to protect and place them above the power of
heartless speculators. They have seen his hos-
tility manifested by the same persevering and
determined opposition to every bill, like the one
now under consideration, to reduce and graduate
the price of the inferior and refuse lands within
their limits—a measure no less just than eminently
calculated to subserve their interests. Yes, sir,
the people of the new States have not only wit-
nessed and felt the hostility of the Senator from
Kentucky, in his opposition to measures whose
success was identified with their highest interests,
but they have also seen his hostil'ty evinced in
his continued and persevering advocacy of a
course of measures here which were at war with
the best interests of the South and West Mr
C said he alluded moie especially to the protect-
ive tariff and its kindred measures, miscalled the
American system, the effect of which bad been to
take money out of their pockets and put it into
those of other people It would be necessary for
the Senator to give other and better evidence of
his friendly feelings toward them than was to be
found in his asseverations here, before he could
remove impressions resulting from his long course
of opposition to the interests and feelings of the
new States
The Senator from Kentucky had taken occasion
to speak of other charges, imputing to him un-
friendly feelings towards the settlers; and he un-
derstood him to complain that epithets had been
ascribed to him, which he had never used Now,
sii.I do not understand to what particular epithets
the Senator refers, he has not thought proper to
name them But does he now undertake to say
he did not denounce the settlers' He certainly
cannot. Itmust be recollected by all that he spoke
of them during the debate on the preemption bill,
at the last session, with the utmost scorn and
contempt, that he sneenngly denounced them as
"squatters, "as lawless depredators on the public
property, as trespassers on the public domain,
and alleged that they might as well seize upon the
public treasure, or upon our vessels of war, or
our forts and arsenals Such were the denuncia-
ations uttered by the Senator from Kentucky
agamst the settlers on the public lands, those hard y
and mdustuous pioneers, whose labor and enter-
prise had contnbuted so largely to the growth,
prosperity, and respectability of the West Stand-
ing in the relation he did to the people of the new
States, Mr C could not forget such denuncia-
tions He had been willing to rest these charges,
with the reports that had been made of the Sen
ator's speeches, in the Journals, which were favor-
able as well as unfavorable to him. Mr. C
recollected some correction attempted to be made
by the Senator from Kentucky, during the remai ks
of the Senator from Indiana, but it was not, in
his opinion, of a character to render his imputa-
tions less offensive than he (Mr C ) now repie-
sented them. He assured the Senator from
Kentucky that his own acts, long continued and
persevered in, his own language used on this floor,
had created impressions towards him in the West
and Southwest not easily to be eiadicated
Mr C said he always stood ready to vindicate
the rightaeand honor of the people he represented,
and to defend them here or elsewhere, against all
aspersions upon their intelligence or their moral
worth If he did not, he said, he would be un-
worthy of the station he occupied. He never
should forget what he owed to those people. He
went among them, he said, when a very young
man, without the adventitious aids of foitune or
friends—relying upon his integrity and his indus-
try foi succe&s lie had found them intelligent,
hospitable, and generous.    They had stood by
him, and sustained him, when he most needed
friends. They had honored him with their confi-
dence, and conferred upon him more favors, doubt-
less, than he merited. This generous confidence
had inspired him with feelings of gratitude toward
them, never to be effaced. He would never be
recreant to his duty, nor desert their interests, nor
be unmindful of their honor. Mr C. believed the
Senator from Kentucky, too, had gone amongst
the people of the West a youthful stranger; and
" as a stranger, they bade him welcome." They
had extended toward him, too, the hand of friend-
ship, and had bestowed upon him all the manifest-
ations of kindness and confidence. If the honor-
able Senator should think proper to pursue a dif-
ferent course toward the people of the great West,
from that which he (Mr. C.) had indicated for him-
self, it was for that Senator to judge.
Mr. C had said before, that the course pursued
by the gentleman, was not only immediately inju-
rious to the new States, in the present instance,
but calculated to restrain the current of emigra-
tion, to fill up their population, and develop their
resources Every measure like the one taken by
him on the present occasion, must be regarded by
them as unfriendly to their welfare, so long as they
retain their present intelligence. They knew that
there were vast bodies of waste lands within their
several limits, which their Legislatures were pre-
vented fiom taxing, and thereby were compelled
to lay heavier burdens on themselves. Must they
not, therefore, view as hostile to their interests any
opposition to a measure which would bring these
lands into the market, at a price at which they
might reasonably be expected to be sold; In con-
clusion, Mr. C. trusted the Senate would consider
the delay already unnecessarily occasioned to this
bill, and not by a recommitment risk the total loss
of it at this session—especially as they had heard
no new argument, no new objections that had not
been fully and forcibly urged in a previous and
ample discussion of it.
Mr. WALKER said he was not desirous that
the Senator from Kentucky should be regarded in
the West as an enemy of their interests. He had
no feelings of personal animosity to gratify, and
he could sincerely say, that regarding in this mat-
ter the interest of his State as paramount to all
other considerations, he would rejoice if the Sen-
ator from Kentucky would lay down his opposi-
tion to this bill, if he would give it the sanction of
his vote, and thus permit it to pass triumphantly
through both Houses of Congress, which we all
know it would do, but for the opposition of that
Senator The Senator from Kentucky had spoken
of demagogues as connected with the support of
this bill, but might there not be demagogues who
opposed this bill, who addressed themselves to the
supposed avarice of the old States, by proposing
to distribute money among them? Who are the
demagogues ' Did the Senator mean to apply the
epithet to the supporters of this bill upon this
floor' [Here Mr Clay said, certainly not, he
had expressly disclaimed any such allusion ]
Then who are the demagogues supporting this
measure > Are they the Legislative Assemblies of
eight of the new States who have asked Congress
to adopt the measure, or are they the people of
the new States, who so anxiously desire its adop-
tion' The Senator from Kentucky has again
lead, as he always does in the debate upon this
bill, his tables of the comparative advance of pop-
ulation of the old and new States from 1820 to
1830 Why was this done' Was not its evident
tendency to produce zealousy and animosity on the
part of the old to the new States' But ought it
not to be a subject of exultation to every Amer-
ican patriot that the mighty West is filling up with
population, that within fifty years, a region of
vast extent has been reclaimed from the wilder-
ness, that State after State has been added to this
great Confederacy, that star after star has been
planted in our glorious banner, and the greatness
and glory of our whole country almost immeas-
urably increased ' But the Senator from Kentucky
seems to think that the new States are increasing
too rapidly, else why this invidious comparison
between the relative growth of the old and the
new States '
But the Senatoi tells us of the great result1"
which would have followed from the pabsage of
