50
APPENDIX TO THE CONgRESSÍONAL GLOBE.
[January S}
25th Cong....3d Sess.          Graduation Bill—Mr". Clay, of Kentucky, Mr. Walker, Mr. Morris.'                    Senate.
§1 per acre, 37,230 acres were sold, being at the
average rate of 102 acres per day, and thereafter
the land remaining unsold was subject to sale at
fifty cents per acre; but the report of the Secretary i
of the Treasury covers only a period of twenty- j
five days, from, the 5th  to' the SOth September, ¡
1838)'during which time 26,080 acres were sold, j
being at the average rate of 1,049 acres per day,
and yielding $524 50 per day, while during the |
preceding year only $1 02 per day was received [
when the land was sold at $1 per acre.    Here, ;
then, is an exemplification oí the operation of the Í
graduation1 system, producing just the result the !
friends of the measure have always contended it i
would produce—enrich vour Treasury, and pro- !
mote the sale of refuse^ uind.   Mr. W. trusted |
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
of the Committee on Finance, so lightly treated
on yesterday, are fully sustained by the practical
operation of this great measure in one of the
States.
■  Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, thought that the
data given by the Senator from Mississippi did
not controvert the proposition he had heretofore
suggested, and he thought that his views were
sustained by the returns embraced in the report,
that the sales of the land were limited to the de-
mand, and were not increased by the reduction of
the price.
Mr. WALKER regretted that the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] whose position ought to
identify him in feeling and interest with the people
of the West, should persevere in his hostility to
this great measure, when other statesmen, even of
his own party from the far distant East, were
found to be our friends and advocates. Mr. W.
regretted that the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Webster] was not heretospeak
his own sentiments on the subject of graduation;
b*t as he was absent, Mr. W. would read an ex-
tract from the speech of that Senator, delivered at
Niblo's Saloon, in the city of New York, on the
15th of April, 1837.
■  " The main object in regard to the public lands
* is, undoubtedly, to settle them as fast as the
' growth of our population, and its augmentation
' by* emigration, may enable us to settle them.
*  The lands, therefore, should be sold at a low
' price; and, for one, Í have never doubted the
*  right or expediency of granting portions of the
* lands themselves, or of making grants of money
' for objects of internal improvements connected
•with   them.    1  have  always supported  liberal
* appropriations for the purpose of opening com-
' munications to and through these lands by com-
' mon roads, canals, and railroads; and when
' lands of little value have been long in market,
'and, on account of their indifferent quality, are
'not likely to command the common pnce, I
' know no objection to a reduction of price as to
*  such lands, so that they may pass into private
' ownership."
These (said Mr. W.) were the expanded, lib-
eral, and patriotic views'of the great statesman of
the East in regard to the reduction of the price of
the public lands. These were the opinions of a
Senator remote from us in position; and how did
they contrast with the narrow, anti-western policy
of the Senator from Kentucky. Nor was the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts unsupported by other
distinguished citizens of the northern States. The
President of the United States [Mr. Van Bureo]
had distinctly recommended graduation.
[Here Mr. W. quoted from the last message of
President Van Euren, as follows:]
"Our experience under the act passed at the
1 last session, to grant preemption rights to settlers
' on the public lands, has as yet been too limited
' to enable us to pronounce with safety upon the
' efficacy of its provisions to carry out the wise
'and liberal policy of the Government in that re-
' spect.   There is, however, the best reason to
* anticipate favorable results from its operation.
' The recommendations formerly submitted to you
*  in respect to a graduation of the price of the
' public lands, remain to be finally acted upon.
*  Having found no reason to change the views
' then expressed, your attention to them is again
' respectfully requested."
This, then, (said Mr. W.,) is not merely a pol-
icy advocated by the uewS.atesand their citizens,
but by statesmen of liberal and expanded views,
remote from us in position. Whilst, then, the
two great statesmen of both parties from the North
were thus friendly to the policy of reduction, was
it not extraordinary that a western man should be
found opposing the interest of the whole West on
this great question? Mr. W. said, not only was
the Senator from Kentucky the ardent and untiring
opponent of this great measure, but he felt bound
to declare that the opposition of that Senator con-
stituted the sole obstacle to triumphant passage of
this bill through both Houses of Congress, and
that, if the bill were defeated, that defeat must be
justly attributed to the course pursued by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Whilst, then, the note of
praise was heard in favor of that honorable Sen-
tor in those sections of the Union that desire
to restrain emigration to the West, let the new
States hear what he (Mr. W.) and the whole Sen-
ate well knew to be the fact, that, if this measure,
so important to the West, was defeated, in looking
for him who struck the fatal blow, we might all
point to the Senator from Kentucky and exclaim,
" thou art the man."
Mr. MORRIS rose to make a single remark.
He would not have done so but for the allusion of
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] to
himself. He had always been the friend of a
graduation of the price of the public lands. The
first act of his, after entering into this body, was
to bring in a bill to graduate the price of the public
lands to theactual settler. He thought that, to be
consistent with his whole course heretofore on
this subject,-he ought to sustain the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] says that the owner of a
contiguous farm may wish, among other reasons,
to enter a portion of these lands for the purpose of
keeping off a bad neighbor. Mr. M. feared that
the operations of this bill, if it should pass, would
enable the rich man, who had selected a fertile
spot in the midst of comparatively a dreary waste,
but not so dreary but what a poor man might find
a home on it, to drive off and preclude the poor
man from his settlement, because he might choose
to deem him a bad neighbor. Mr. M. would give
the privilege of entry at the reduced price to no
man who was not on the land at the present time,
or who would not go on it and settle it.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker]
says the Senator from Kentucky will not vote for
this bill, even if amended in accordance with his
instructions. Sir, (said Mr. M.,) is it not the
right, nay, the bounden duty of the Senator from
Kentucky to make a proposition, even if opposed
toil, as little objectionable as possible? It was
his duty, and he thought it very strange that-he
should be censured for doing so. For his own
part, if a proposition met the approval of his
judgment, he should not look at the quarter it
came from, nor what political party sustained it;
it should have his support.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, observed that the
Senator from Mississippi, by way of sustaining |
his views on this occasion, had thought proper to I
state opinions of two distinguished citizens from j
different parts of the country. The opinions of :
the Senatorfrom Massachusetts had been referred i
to, and with regard to his opinions he had nothing !
to say; they were well known to the Senator not
to be the sentiments that he (Mr. C.) enter- '
tained; but he rose to do justice to another indi- |
vidual, the present Chief Magistrate of the United I
States; and if the gentlemen would content them- !
selves with acting in conformity to his recom- I
mendations, the bill would not beso objectionable. '
The gentleman referred to the message at the i
opening of the present session; but he ought to I
have referred to the message of the previous one, !
which was referred to in the last message. Now \
he (Mr. C.) thought that the message to which I
he alluded, contained a decided reprobation of this
bill.
[Here Mr. C. read some extracts from the
President's message.]
Mr. C. continued.    So that it would be seen
that it was actual valuation, and not conjectural
valuation, founded on the lapse of time, was the
principle on which the President recommended a !
reduction of the price of the public lands.    The |
principle in this bill was the one that the Presi- '
dent decidedly condemned. Mr. C. said it was
well known to be one of the established laws of
political economy, that if the market was glutted,
there would be a languor in the sales, whereas, if
the supply was limited, prices would advance to a
ruinous extent. The Piesident had seen this, and
the conclusion to which he had reached, was that
the mere efflux of time afforded no criterion by
which we can measure value.
Mr. C. felt very reluctant to legislate on this
important subject at the present session. He felt
most anxious that it should be left to the ensuing
Congress; that they should remit it to their suc-
cessors, and not settle it now. Were there not
profound considerations which should induce them
to refer it to the next Congress? In the first place,
the President had recommended to them to pro-
vide at this session for taking the enumeration of
the population and resources of the country, as
required by the Constitution. The results of this
census would show the amount of increase in the
population and wealth of the new States, and
whether a measure of the kind was needed for
their further advancement. As to the proposition
to increase the population of the new States by
the settlement of their lands, there was no neces-
sity for the passing of this bill. These new mem-
bers of the Confederacy had already increased in
population and wealth with a celerity unexam-
pled in the history of the world. But there was
another consideration. Greatas was the quantity
of the public domain in any one of the new States,
it was not worth a baubee in comparison with the
seven hundred and fifty millions of acres exterior
to their limits, and to the millions yet to be bj-ought
into the market. Would it be right, in conse-
quence of any presumed financial difficulties, to
throw away this domain, which we should trans-
mit to our posterity for ages to come, to supply
the present exigencies of the exchequer? There
was another reason why they should not act on
this matter at this session. He did not believe
that either of the two Houses of Congress re-
flected the genuine sentiments of the American
people. It was known that the elections which
had taken place had very much changed the com-
plexion of the two bodies, and that in one of them
the changes that had taken place would reverse
the majority on the present question. Convulsed
as the country was by experiments and financial
projects, was it right, in advance of that enumer-
ation of the population it was recommended by
the President now to provide for—was it right,in
the view of the charges made by the recent elec-
tions, and, in short, under all the circumstances
to which he had adverted, to make this great rad-
ical change in the disposition of the public landa
which was not limited to the new States only, but
extended to the shores which were washed by the
ocean at theextremities of this continent?
Mr. BENTON rose in consequence of "the end-
less attacks made upon an eminent citizen now
retired from public life, and seeking repose under
his own vine, and by the side of his own fire, but
for whom, it would seem, there was to be no peace
on this side of the grave. He alluded to the late
President of the United States, General Jackson,
and to the repeated instances in which his name
had been dragged into this debate, and tyranny
and mischief attributed to him for his conduct in
relation to the act for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. That conduct had been
denounced as tyrannical and unconstitutional, and
to it had been attributed all the late moneyed em-
barrassments of the country. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] is the author of these de-
nunciations, and also the author of the bills—-for
there were two of them—the loss of which he so
much deplores, and for the want of which he has
seen so much evil arise. I (said Mr. B.) was the
cotemporary of these bills. I knew their char-
acter and their fate; I saw their birth and their
death, and great and numerous as are the acts
which stamp the character of a hero-statesman on
General Jackson, there are none which exalt him
more than his conduct in relation to these very
bills. It was wise, patriotic, constitutional, and
heroic conduct. He had the wisdom to Bee the
pernicious nature of these bills; he had the con-
stitutional right to arrest them; and he had the
heroism to exercise that right.   The bills were of
