1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
25th Cong....3d Skss.         Graduation BUI—Mr, Clay, of Alabama, Mr. Clay, of Kentucky.
Senate.
millions annually going oil" from Pittsburg, and
the largest part going to the cotton planters of the
South, while many other towns and villages of the
West,on a smaller scale, emulate the meritorious
example of " the Birmingham of the West." Then
see the agricultural States of the Great Valley.
See Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,
with their vast productions of gram, and their in-
numerable herds and flock, all finding their richest
market m the same legion. Turning to the Middle
States, where the value of labor, for a long time,
lias been so much reduced, we see that value in
Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, and Ten-
nessee, has found a vasi augmentation from the
cultivation of cotton So that in every part of
this extended Confederacy, and ovei evei y species
of creative industry, the augmented cultivation of
cotton, the fruit of General Jackson's military
achievements and civil policy has extended its
benefits and shed its benign influences The
North, the East, the West, and the middle States
—the cities and the country—agriculture, manu-
factures, and commerce—all, all find employment
for then industry, and rich rewards for their skill
and labor in that perennial fountain of national
wealth—the cotton-growing region of the South—
which, while it showers gold upon all otheis, is
itself largely deprived of its own advantages by
illusive systems of political economy—a system
which leads it to purchase everything by the papei -
money fctandaid of the United States, while it
sells the only article it produces by thehaid money
standard ot Euiope' Eveiy pait of this Union
feela tne beneficent effects of the cotton crops, and
no part feels it more than the aguculturai region
of Kentucky, and the manu'actuiing distucis of
Massachusetts. Í Lave lately traveted in Ken-
tucky, and speak fiom the knowledge of my own
senses I have lately receded an authentic re- |
tin n of the annual manufactuies of Massachusetts,
and speak upon unimpeachable authority Ken- i
tucky and Massachusetts are the two States of |
this Urnon which have profited most by the mili- |
tary victories and thecivil administration of Gen- ,
eial Jackson, they aie the two States of this
Union which owe most to his arms and to his
policy; they are the two States of this Union
winch should be bound to him by the strongest
ties of giatitude and affection The aguculturist
of Kentucky is now on the high road to wealth,
his prospeuty leposes upon a solid and lmpensh-
able basif. His cattle, his mules, his horses, his
hemp, all wanted m the South, command the
highest puce, fill his coffeis with vast sums of
money, and reflect upon his lands an unprece-
dented value. It is no longer the illusions of the
high tariff—it ¡s no longei the illusions of the
"golden fleece," two thousand dollars fur a sheep
intrinsically woi th twenty shillings, and now suns
to that price—it is no longer the deceptive dieam
of these ephemeral illusions which tickled and be-
guiled the Kentuckian befoie Jackson's adminis-
tiation, but it is now the so'ld bn3is of the cotton
•cultivation in the South, and fteetiade m Europe,
upon which his prospeuty reposes. Let him
cultivate the cotton glower, and cherish fiee trade
abroad, and nevei again fall into the illusions of
high tariff and national bank, and ncvei again will
liesee his ciops rotting on his hat ds, his piopeity
sinking to no price, his euirency depreciated one
half, and piles of pioperty laws, tendei laws, re
lief laws, and stay laws, interposed between the
hapless debtor and the merciless ci editor So
much for Kentucky; and equal with hers, and
resting in good part upon the same basis, is the
prosperity of Massachusetts The cotton grower
of the South takes a part of all that she has to
spare. From "brushes, biooms, and baskets, and
iattons of all kinds," up to her eighteen millions
of dollars' worth of manufactures in shoes, boots,
and leather; her seventeen millions of manufac
tureá of cotton; her ten millions of manufactures
of wool, her nine millions and a half offish and
oil; her two millions of ready-made clothing,
stocks, and suspenders, her two millions and a
half of natls, brads,, and tacks; her million arda
half of soap and candles, her million and a ha'f
of paper, her million and a quartei of rum, hei
million of íefined sugar, her two millions of straw
bonnets and palm leaf hats—and many other ar-
ticles "too tedious to enumerate," but amounting,
in conjunction with those enumerated- to eighty-
six millions of dollars per annum From all these
she sends a part to the cotton grower, and doubt-
less gets a better part of the crop than the grower
himself receives, an advantage which 'is the fair
and legitimate fruit of industry, conducted by
skill, guarded by economy, and diversified by en-
terprise, it was the last year of President Jack-
son's administration—the year ending the 31st
day of March, 1837—which presented this mag-
nificent result of Massachusetts manufacturing
industry. I say manufacturing—for the proceeds
of hei commerce and agriculture are not included
—and this grand íesult will foiever stand as a
proof of the prosperity of the country under the
sagacious policy of that illustnous statesman
Sir, it was no part of my intention to make a
eulogy upon General Jackson The tune is com-
ing when history, and poetry, and sculpture, and
painting, and the living voices of endless genera-
tions will do him that service I make no general
eulogy. 1 have spoken to a single point, to show
from one example, the beneficent nature of his
policy, and the universality of its happy influence
upon all parts of our country, and upon all the
pursuits of us industry. I have spoken to a single
point, and have not exhausted that one, for to this
same cotton region we are indebted for the hun-
died millions of gold and silver which has sus-
tained the country and the Government m the late
shock, and which hereafter are to render the peo-
ple independent of the rise and fall of banks, and
safe from the shocks and explosions of the paper
system What 1 have said has been forced out of
me by attacks, as wanton as they are incessant,
upon tne hero pitnot who is entitled to repose,
now that he has withdrawn frcm the world and
given an eximple of the manner m which an ex-
Piesidentof the United States should spend the
evening of his days, and close up the career of his
life
Onmotion of Mi. CLAY, of Alabama, the ques-
tion on Mr Chy's pioposition was divided, so as
to take it fitston the recommittal, and secondly on
the instructions.
On the question of recommitment, the yeas and
nays weie as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Cuttenden, Davis, Poster,
Knight, McKean, Merrick, Morns, Nilea, Pierce,
Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbins, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Swift, and Wil-
liams of Maine—23
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay
of Alabama, Pulton, Hubbard, King, Ln n, Lump-
kin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Noi veil, Robinson,
¡smith of Connecticut, Tipton, Walkei, Williams
of Mississippi, Wiight, and Young—20
Pievious to the vote being taken on the question
of instruction,
On motion of Mi. CLAY, of Alabama, and by
general consent, the number of acres to be granted
to each actual settler was left blank m the instruc-
tions
The question was then taken on the mstiuctions
thus modified, and was earned by tne following
vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay o<" Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Foster, Hubbaul,
Knight, Lyon, McKean, Merrick, Moms, Nu n-
olas, Niles, Pierce, Pientiss, Preston, Rives,
Roane, Robbins, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Strange, Swift, Walker, and Williams of Maine
—26
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Biown, Cal
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King, Linn,
Lumpkin., Mouton, Norvell, Robinson. Smith of
Connecticut, Tipton, Williams of Mississippi,
Wright, and Young—17
And the Senate adjourned.
Mosday, Janwry 6, 1839
The Senate resumed, as the special order of the
day, the consideration of the bill to providefor the
reduction and graduation of the price of thepublic
lards.
The question being on the following amend-
ment, reported by the Committee on the Public
Lands, in conformity with the instructions of the
Senate, when the bill was reeomrmtted:
I "Sec 2 *ind be it Jmthcr etmekfL, That the
¡  ' right of entry at the pnces i educed by the fors-
1 ' go'ng section, shall be limited to thou, who, are
' now, or who may hereafter become, actual set-
It «tiers, and the person apply,ng to make any such
I   ' entiy, under this act, shall file an affidavit, under
| ' such legulationsas the Secretaiy ot the Treasury
|  ' may prescribe, that such applicant is, at the timo,
' or intends, in good faith, to become, an actual
'\ 'settler on the land proposed to be entered, or
|  ' some part thereof, fnr thatheowns and cultivates
' adjoining lands,] and that such applicant makes
' the entry in his own name, for his own benefit 
II  ' and net in trua for another."
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, moved to amend the
amendment, by inserting the woids or <c who may
I own contiguous adjoining land," so as to extend
I the benefits of the bill to persons who are now
I settled on and are cultivating farms of their own,
1 Mr C. said that the object of this amendment
. was so apparent that he would not occupy any
I more of the time of the Senate in explaining it.
Tne amendment reported by the committee, under
the instiuctioii of the Senate, went to limit tlie
opeiatioi.s of the act to actual settlers only, or
those who might give evidence of their intention
to become so. The committee thought it proper
that the benefits of it should be extended to those
who are cultivating farms of their own, and wh«
might wish to purchase tracts adjoining to them,
It was well known to ail the gentlemen of the new
States that, in a variety of instances, there were
settlers who had entered not more land than was
barely sufficient for their cultivation, intending at
a future period to purchase more tor the various
uses of a farm, such as timber, pasturage, &c.
Now the question was, shall persons thus -situ-
ated be cut off fiom the benefits of this hill, even
where they owned so small a quantity of land as
forty acres, while every individual m the old
S'ates had the privilege of purchasing at the re-
duced price six hundred and, forty acres, with the
condition only of settling on it. And inasmuch
as the provisions of this bill limited the quantity
to be entered, the committee could see no such
danger from monopoly or speculation as had been
intimated on that floor.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, without i&tending
any disrespect to the committee^ thought their re-
poit was not in conformity with the instructions
of the Senate. The instructions contained two
specific restiictions: the first was to h,«iit the pro-
visions of the bill to the actual settlert and^ the
second was to limit the quantity  Though the
number of acres was left blank in the instruc-
tions, he expected that the committee would hav-e
filled it. Now, when a bill is sent to a committee
wi!h specific instructions, he thought they were
bound to conform strictly to them, and so to re-
model the hill as that the intention of the instruc-
tions shall be fulfilled, but, 11 the present instance,
the committee have not confined themselves to this
duty, but hive recommended an extension of the
benefits to another class Now he had no objec-
tion to anv individual member of the committee
offering tins  an-endment, but he did object to its
being brought btfoie tue oody with the official
weight and sane ion of the committee in favor of
its adoption He said that much as to the man-
ner in which tne proposition was biought for-
ward, aid he would now say a few words in
i elation to its merits
Mi. C. thought there was no difficulty to pre-
vent the owner of a farm to purchase the waste
lands contiguous to it at $1 25 per acre; and he
thought if any rich larded proprietors wished to
add section after section to their almost unbounded
possessions, let them do it, but let it be at the
Government price Now what la to be the effect
of the amendment proposed by the committee'1 It
is that any farmer or planter in the new St&tes
will be enabled to purchase land at the reduced
prices, while the citizens of the old States would
be precluded from doing so How can the Sen-
atoisfrom the old States support this invidious
discrimination? liow can the Senators from
Pennsylvania and Virginia do so—he alluded
more parucu'aily to Virginia, as she had be-
stowed the most princely gift that was ever be-
stowed by one Government upon anothei. Where
is the authority in  law, constitution, justice, or
