m
•A&féti&fo:'1*J- THE TOftG#ESélO«AL £L0B£.
f Janaary 8,
25th- Cong....3d Sess.
GtadU¿Uoñ'BM^-Mr. Young, of Minias?
Senate.
him'anewtó all the hardships and privations' inci-
dent to the life of a squatter when he*ir"st inters
upon the wilderness, and scarcely knjaws to-day
on what he is to subsist to-morrdw. Sir, so mtich
was said to the disparagement of these settlers
upon the publié lands, that the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Websíbr,] not nowiri
his piace, wJio h&d just before that time returned
from an excursion tb the West—who had seen
them at'their humble homes, and partaken of their
hospitality,' rude though it may have been, felt
himself constrained to stand forward in their de-
fense. He did defend them; and in the account
.he gave of them here in his place, he did them
«hablé justice. Sir, I will say no more on this
brarfch of the subject, except to add, without in-
tending any disparagement by the comparison,
that so far as intelligence, industry, and enterprise
«é'concerríed, that the people of Ilhno'is possess
these attributes in as high a degree as the people
of 'Kentucky, or any of the old States; and that
they wbuH as long forbear from knowingly com-
BlittiBg'an offense against the laws of the Union
as the Senator's constituents, or the constituents
of any other gentleman upon this floor. Wo, sir;
"they neverliave believed that in going upon the
public lands they thereby became lawless intrud-
ers, and* despoilers of the public property; and
oar 'whole course of legislation, in reference to
the settlements upon the public lands, since the
year 1813, justifies them in this position.
I will now proceed to quote some passages from
the Senate Journal of the last session in relation
tó the preemption bill, and see how far the hon-
orable ¡Senator's course is reconcilable with west-
ern interests, in proposing and voting for amend-
rrierrtswhfch were evidently intended to embarrass
thejarogress of the bill, and ultimately, if carried,
to defeat its pa'ssagé. There is something more
in thésá amendments, Mr. President, than mere
opf)Ositioti to a measure of preemption, suc'h as
"■was proposed by the bill of the last session—some
principles involved which I cannot"subscribe toj
tin import and tendency on their face fraught with
müoh' mischief if they had been adopted. Hence
1 desire to speak of them, and, expose, if* I can'
their deformities to the Senate and the people. On
the 27th of January, 1838, the Senate resumed, as
in Committee of the Whole, the bill to grant pre-
emption rights to settlers on thepubliclands. The
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick]
proposed, as an amendmentto the bill, the follow-
ing proviso: " Provided, That the right of pre-
« emption granted by this act, or the "act hereby
'revived, shall not accrue to any other persons
*  than those who were, on the 1st day of De'cem-
' ber, 1837, citizens of the United States; and
«such citizenship Bhall in oil cases be established
* by legal and competent testimony, to the satis-
1 faction of the register and receiver of the land
•district in Which the lands may lie, prior to any
•entry thereof by virtue of the provisions of this
'act."
On the yeas and nays being demanded by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,} the fol-
lowing was the vote:
"For the amendment: Messrs.  Bayard, Clay
* of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Knight, Mer-
^rick, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Itobbms, Smith
'ofIndiana, Southard, Spence, Tallmadge, and
' Tipton—15
_ "Against it: Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown,
'Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuth-
«bert, Pulton, Urundy, Hubbard, King, Linn,
«Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Nor-
' veil, Pierce, Ronne, Robinson, Sevier, Walker,
«Webster, White, Williams, Wnght, and
«Young—28."
Here.'Mr. President, was a proposition to limit
the benefits of the bill to native and naturalized
citizens, to the exclusion of those who were for-
eigners but not naturalized; an attempt at a lim-
itation in our land sales hitherto unknown under
the different preemption laws passed for the benefit
of the citizens of the new States, which, in my
judgment, was both invidious and unjust. And
for this the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clat]
voted, ii this not hostility to the West > I, sir
Will never consent to this distinction. Foreigners,
Mr. President, are required by the constitution
and laws of Wfinois to work on the public high-
ways, to perform militia duty, and to pay taxes
for the support of the governments arid they are
permitted, in return, by the same constitution and
laws, to purchase, hold, and enjoy real and other
property, and afterwards transmit the same to
heirs or'assignees, by will or otherwise, and,
after six months residence, (having "become in-
habitants of the State,) to vote at all elections;
and this, sir, before naturalization. The discrim-
ination attempted, so far, at least, as Illinois is
concerned, was odious and unjust? and bem¿ un-
just, I, as an Illmoian, could not have done other-
wise than to have opposed it as 1 did. And, sir,
it met with a signal rebuke in the finale, in the"
heavy vote that was cast against it.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] then
proposed himself to amend the bill, by adding
thereto the following section:
" Sec . 2. And be it further enacted, That ail set 
' tlements upon the public lands subsequent to the
11st day of December; 1837, shall be, and are
«hereby, strictly prohibited; and the-President
' shall be, and hereby is, authorized and required
«to cause all persons who may settleon the pub-
' lie lands subsequent to the day aforesaid to be
' removed therefrom."
On the yeas and nays being'ordered on the de-
mand of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.Clay,]
the following was the vote:
" For the honorable Senator's amendment:
'Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky,
'Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Knight, Merrick,
' Prentiss, Preston,Rives, Roane, Robbins, Rug-
' gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Tall-
'madge, Tipton, Webster, and White—21.
" Against it: Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown,
' Buchanan, Cfay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton,
• Grundy, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mou-
«tonj Nicholas, Niles, Norvetl, Pierce, Robinson,
' Sevier, Walker, Williams, Wright,and Young—
«23."
Here, sir-, was a distinct proposition, not only
strictly prohibiting all settlements upon the public
lands after the 1st day of December, 1837, but
requiring the President to cause such persons as
might go upon them, to be forthwith removed, by
a military force, I presume, if necessary. Is this
not hostility to the West' Sir, shall it be said to
the new States, now nine in number, in this great
Confederacy of twenty-six4ndependent sovereign-
ties, that the lands within their limits shall not be
settled until the pleasure of the old States, how-
ever long withheld; and that if our citizens should
chance to go upon them, they are to be Beized
upon and removed by the strong arm of the
Federal Government? No, sir; 1 deny this right
of making the public domain, as it is called, sub-
ject-matter of revenue, to the prejudice of the
settlement of the States m which it may be sit-
uated.
And here, sir, permit me to avail myself of the
authority of an extract from the able and con-
clusive speech, delivered before th'e General As-
sembly of Virginia, by the honorable Senator,
[Mr. Clay,] on opening the Kentucky mission
on the 14th of February, 1822, in a casein point.
Theextract is taken from the Richmond Enquirer,
and relates to a difficulty at that time existing
between the States of Virginia antT Kentucky,
growing out of the early settlements in Kentucky,
m which many of the citizens of the latter State
had, either through mistake or defect of title,
settled upon lands, which afterwards, on investi-
gation, turned out to belong to citizens of Virginia,
and from which suits had been instituted in many
instances to eject them. In relation to the right
and duty of a State not to permit large tracts of
land to he waste and uncultivated within its limits,
the honorable Senator [Mr. Clay] said, that " of
' all the attributes of sovereignty, scarcely any can
' be deemed more essential than that of adopting
' a policy to redeem a wilderness and render it
'productive. That it was not merely the right
' but the duty of a State to advance its own pros-
' penty by the enactment of wholesome and eqni-
' table laws, demanded by its peculiar condition."
Had it not been for the settlement and improve-
ment of the country, he contended " that the lands
1 which composed the rich virgin earth of Ken-
'tuelty would haVe'been unturned, her field1?
' unplowed, the theater.of a yet doubtful and
' dreadful war, waged between civilized and savage
'man; the silence, of her luxuriant forests dis-
' turbed by no other sound than the horrible war-
' whoop, and'the shriek of innocent females,' and
' the cries of helpless children, expiring under
' the agonies of the tomahawk and the gcolping-
« knife."
Such, sir4 was the eloquent appeal of the hon-
orable Senator [Mr. Clay] in behalf of the suffer-
ing squatters of Kentucky, in that day of trial
and tribulation which, in th,e course of unforeseen
events, had come upon them. I wish, Mr. Presi-
dent, that we of the " far West" had such an ad-
vocate at this time upon this floor. What might
we not anticipate from the energy and eloquence
of one who could-thus enter into all the feelings,
the sympathies, the privations, and the sufferings
of the early adventurers to the West?
The Senator frorri Maryland [Mr. Merrick]
has said that, in his judgment, it was unwise
policy in the General Government to- bring these
lands into market faster than they could be dis-
posed of and settled; that emigrants ougbt.not to
be permitted to run over large tráete of unappro-
priated land in pursuit of lands more distant, so
long as any of that already offered, or any consid-
erable portion of it, should remain the property of
the Government. Sir, this is making this great
question one solely of revenue, a question of dol-
lars and cents to the old States, regardless of the
rights of the new. Suppose, Mr. President,' the
policy suggested and advocatédby the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr, Merrick] liad beert
adopted at the early settlement of the State of
Ohio, where riow would be-the flourishing States
of Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and the more dis-
tant Arkansas ? What, sir, would the Delegates
from Wisconsin and Iowa, in the Other wing of
this Capitol, say to such a system of policy ? Ay,
sir, what would the people who sent them here
say? Territories, Mr. President, whose popula-
tion and improvement have advanced with a
rapidity altogether beyond the most extravagant
computation, and which will, in a very BhOrt
time, if suffered to pursue untrammeled the high
road which is opening up before them to wealth
and political distinction, have a just right to de-
mand admittance into the Union upon a footing
in all respects equal to the other States of the Con-
federacy. No, sir, it is not merely the right, but
it is the duty of the new Sttttes to see that such a
system of restrictive policy is not fastened upon
them, under any pretext, by the oíd States; to see
that the settlement and improvement of the lands
within their limits enter into the consideration of
adjustment, as well as the matter of revenue,
whether collected for the ordinary purposes of
the Government,or distribution among theStates,
as proposed by the Senator from Kentucky. Mr.
President, the reasons why the people of the Wesi
object to the proposed plan of distribution, so far
as I know them, are, because it creates an invid-
ious distinction between the old and the new
States; they are unwilling that the new States
should become as so many plantations to" the old
States, rendering an annual rent or other period-
ical return of the money arising from the sales of
the lands within their limns, and which is taken
from their pockets for purposes not contemplated
in the cessions of these lands to the General Gov-
ernment; and lastly for the stronger and more
important consideration, that they do not desire
to see a separate moneyed interest in this way,
created for the benefit of the old States, having no
public lands within their limits, which must inev-
itably tend to excite the cupidity Of their citizens,
and make this great'question as to the proper dis-
position of the public domain, a question purely
of revenue, and of increased prices, for the purposes
of distribution, so long as an acre shall remain in
the market unsold, In opposition to the higher
interest of the new States, in reference to the settle-
ment and improvement of the country by making
donations, when proper, in aid of great works of
internal improvement; such as the improvement
of our navigable rivers; the construction of roads
and canals; the draining of swamp lands, so as to
render them healthy and fit for settlement and
