64
APPENDIX TO TH£;€ONQBEgSIONAI, GLOBjE.
[January 5,
25th Cong....8d Sess. .       Wiscorisin QonUsted^Eleatipn—-Mr. Thfimas^Mr. Oiddings, etc.
Ho. of Reps.
performed,their duty, under the circumstances, in
granting to Mr. Jones the check for his per diem
and njiieage. He (air. W.) was sure that all par-
ties wottld be gratified at the very honorable, scan-
ner in which Mr. .Tones had acted.on theoccasion.
■Had he chosen to retain the money, there was no
¡aw by which the House could compel him to
return it; but Mr. Jones, actuated by that honor-
able feeling which influenced his other actions,
promptly returned the check on the first intima-
tion that his right to it would be questioned, and
submitted his elaim to the decision of the House.
It was impossible for the House to refuse the
money without a violation of former precedents,
and deciding, also, that Mr. Jones had m&de a
■Waftto  claim, without color or reason. And
should it decide that Mr. Jones had made, a wan-
tori claim, in what condition would it place the
-%we9tyjfl e honorably members, who voted in favor
•of, the claim of Mr. Jones to ¿is seats Mr. W.
.then went oh to shc;W that, so far from the claim
being wanton, it was founded upon a strong case;
so much so, that previous to the remarks from
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Thomí-s,] he himself had been in doubt ¡ s to
-whether Mr. Jones was not legally and constitu-
tionally-entitled to a seat for the present session.
He adverted to former cases of contested elections,
and .especially the case of Messrs. Prentiss and
Word,at the late session, to show that it had been
the invariable rule to allow the unsuccessful claim-
ants their mileage and per diem allowance up to
the time the decision of the House was given. He
drew a glowing picture of the public abuses which
would be the result of a refusal of the House to
pay the expenses of unsuccessful competitors for
seats, and showed, in that case, how v.ery easy jt
would be for a rich nabob to triumph over a poor
b«t legally elected member, as few men of the latter
elass would venture to press even a rightful claim,
if they knew that, in ease they were ousted by tb/e
House,-they would have to bear their own ex-
penses, Mr. W. concluded by again urging, that
as the House had received and recognized Mr.
Jones a  the sitting Delegate, until its recent de-
cision, he had a right to demand and receive his
mileage and perdiem allowance,and that no officer
of the House had any right to withhold it from
him, orto question his right to receive it.
Mi'. THOMAS was sure the House would de-
cide that Mr. Jones was entitled to the money, if
they would but reflect on the circumstances under
which that gentleman claimed his seat. Mr. T.
then recapitulated the reasons which had, on a
former <lay, induced him to support a claim of
Mr, Jones to bis seat, and maintained that, in
e-very view of the case, the House was bound to
remunérate him for the time of his service at the
past session.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that as hi? name had
been mentioned in the communication read by the
Clerk-, he would explain the manner in which he
became connected with the subject now under dis-
cussion. After the vote of the House on the light
of Mr. Jones to a seat, made upon a former day,
I felt it important that a precedent should not be
set of allowing any gentleman for travel and per
diem compensation, who should attempt to hold
an office beyond the term allowed by the Constitu-
tion ami-laws.. It was -rumored that Mr. Jones
had'drswn his pay, ami I conversed with older
and mooe.experieuced members upon the subject
<if iatroilseing.a resolution4ecIarative of the views
which the.Heuse entertains. All felt delicate, and
esch appeared, willing to be excused. I felt un-
willing that Mr. Jones should take nearly two
thousand dollars from the Treasury without the
cáhr ■ of claim ¡ms I believed; and I then concluded
to.brjng m a resolution myself, I felt it was due
to General Jones that he should be informed in
regard <o my determination, and therefore sent him
the-n^te which has produced the response just
read from the Speaker's table. I am, however,
happy to find the subject in abler hands—in the
care of one who will do it justice. [Mr. Mason
had introduced the resolution.]
The overwhelming vote given by the House on
the right of Mr. Jones to hold his seat, will save
me the trouble of going into the merits of the
question then pending. It is sufficient to say that
that decision was on solemn argument, with a full
House; and that a, decision thus made ought to
set at rest the subject of right between Messrs.
Jones and Doty." Tb,is principle, if admitted, dis-
poses also of" the principal portion of the argument
of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee,[Mr.
Thomas.] Mr. Jones, then, must'rest liis claim
for compensation, either upon legal right, or some
equitable and meritorious consideration. As to his
legal right, we have passed upon that question,
and have sol'emnly decided that he had none. But
before I go further, 1 ought perhaps to answer the
arguments of the gentleman from Virginia, who
sits in front of me, [Mr. Boíjldin.J He as well
as his colleague over the way, [Mr. Wise,] and
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] all
rely upon precedent. They say we have practiced
paying gentlemen who/ have appeared here and
contested seats upon this floor. I know not how
far gentlemen would carry this idea of precedent.
Suppose a man came here who had' never been a
candidate, and claimed that he was entitled to a
seat, would geptlemen urge that precedent would
compel us to pay him for thus insulting our com-
mon sense?
Mr. BOÜLDIN requested the floor for the pur-
pose of explanation, Mr. Giddings yielded.
Mr.GIDDINGS resumed. I will suppose, sir,
that the man who comes to contest the seat urges
that he is an older man, that he is, if you please,
a better Democrat than the one who holds the seat.
Will the gentleman urge that we should pay him
for thus intruding himself upon the business of
the House?   Yet he urges a reason.
Mr. THOMAS desired the floor for explana-
tion, which was yielded to him by Mr. Gibeings.
Mr. T. said that in the cases from Mississippi,
the House granted compensation to all the claim-
ants-, for the reason that they all had color of right.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand the gentleman
from Maryland, and will touch upon this color of
right, as applied toMr.Jones. I wase, sir, speaking
ot precedent, when I yielded die floor. A precedent,
in order to be binding, must be in a parallel case.
I have looked into the case, and I say, without
hesitation, that 1 believe it out of the power of
gentlemen to point me to a single ease, in the
history of this House, analogous to the one under
consideration.
Mr. WISE said he would call the attention of
thegentleman to the Mississippi case.
Mr. GIDDINGS said ha intended to notice that
case as soon as he could get to it. I say, sir, this
case is distinguishable from all other cases that
have occurred since the formation of the Govern-
ment, in this respect. That General Jones, under
his election in 183G, had served two full years, prior
to the present session, and was now endeavoring
to hold the office three years under one election.
There is not a case of this description on record.
They all occurred at the beginning of the service,
when different personselaimed to have been elected,
except the one from Mississippi; and then the
question was whether the, sitting members _could
hold for the full term of two years, or for the
special session, only. But here Mr. Jones had
served his full term of two years, and attempts to
hold over one year longer. No one contested hi3
right for the whole time provided by the Consti-
tution and law under which he was elected. That
time having fully expired, he presents himself
here, in my opinion, as destitute of right, or of
color of right, as though he had never been here;
nor do the precedents apply to his case with any
more power, in my opinion, than they would if
he had never been elected, or held a seat here.
Mr. BOULDIN and Mr. WISE both rose to
explain; and Mr. Giddmgs yielded the floor for
some time.
When Mr. GIDDINGS resumed, he said, Mr.
Speaker, I protest against these frequent interrup-
tions. They derange my course of argument, and
I shall surely charge it all to the gentlemen from
Virginia.
I think no one will urge that there has been a
parallel case in this House, and of course we are
not bound to grant to Mr. Jones $1,900 from any
precedent established by this House. But I ob-
ject to it on the important principle, that by giving
him a compensation ice shall establish apiecedent in
Otis case—a precedent by which Any of us, after
one term of service shall expire, may return here,
claim a seat, and if ousted, call on the Government
for our travel fees and per diem. Such a precedent
I protest against.'
I will now return to the point respecting the
merits of Mr. Jones's claims. In 1$36, while Mr.
Jones was a Delegate from Michigan, that,Terri-
tory was admitted into the Union, and Wisconsin
created a Territory. By the organic law, the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin was authorized to elect a Del-
egate to Congress. Orders for an election were
issued. At that election Mr. Jones was a candi-
date. He solicited the suffrages of the people;
was elected; received a certificate of his election;
came here, and presented his credentials as a Del-
egate from W^scoijs/n; was sworn as such, and
served.as such' for" two full years. But the two
gentlemen from Virginia and the gentleman from
Maryland insist that .he continued as the Delegate
from Michigan through the whole of theTwenty-
Fourth Congress. Yes, sir; after being elected,
sworn, and serving as a Delegate for the full term
of two years", and enjoying all the privileges <jf the
office^ receiving the pay as such," we*are now'told
that he did it in his own wrong; that he misioak
the law; that, although he was sworn, and served,
and received pay as a Delegate from Wisconsin,
yet he was, in feet and in law, a Delegate from
Michigan.
Mr. WISE desired the floor to explain. Mr. G.
yielded, and Mr. W. explained.
Mr. GIDDINGS proceeded. I say that Mr.
Jones, then, by his words, his acts, his oath, de-
clared to this House, to the nation, and to 'the
world, that he was then, in December, 1836, a
Delegate from Wisconsin. This House, in sol-
emn argument and,full deliberation, here said, by
a majority of more"than five to one, that he was
right. Suppose, he now says he'was wrong, and
that his time did not commence till December,
1837, ought we to pay hi'm for thus stultifying
himself? for contradicting his former acts," words,
and oath of office? Having served the fuTTterm,
and received/uü pay, if he now seeks to make a
speculation by coming here, he ought not to do it
at the expense of the people. But I ask the gen-
tleman to point out the meritorious or equitable con-
sideration for which we are to allow him nearly
two thousand dollars of the public treasure. Will
gentlemen say that he has promoted the business
of the House? I answer, he has detained the
House, and occupied the time of twp hundred and
forty members, with our clerks,-officers, and ,e<t-
tendants, more than one entire day I Does this en-
title him to compensation? Will gentlemen say
that he has saved the funds of the natiori?. ,1 an-
swer, his appearance here and claim have lost the
nation from $5,000,to $8,000. And would* the
gentleman from Maryland, or either of the gentle-
men from Virginia, pay him $2,000 more as p.
compensation for doing so ? Is this meritorious?
Do we bid up such honesty for wasting the na,-
tional treasure ? Will gentlemen say that he has
here represented the people or the interests of
Wisconsin? 1 answer, Jie has,set himself in op-
position to their views, kept out of this hall their
rightful Delegate, and delayed their business for
four weeks; and now claims at our hands a bonus
of near $S>000for doing it. And now, if there is
any just, any equitableclaim that he has upon the
national funds, I hope gentlemen will pointit out,
for the obliquity of my vision prevents my seeing
it. Had Mr. Jones come to this city and taken a
s,eat in the gallery as a spectator, no one 'would
have thought of paying him. Iri that case, had
he^sked for his mileage and, per diem, all would
have considered it an insult. I ask, does he come
now with stronger claims than he would ,in the
case supposed Í He has retarded the business of
the House, increased the national expenditure,
kept the rightful Delegate of his Territory from
his seat here, disappointed the expectations of his
people, opposed their wishes and retarded their
business. But do these circumstances add to the
real merits of his claim? If there be equity, if
there be justice in the claim, surely the ablechair-
manof the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Thomas,]
with his legal acumen, is able to point it out, and
demonstrate the principle on which it rests. I de-
sire to hear which act, or which acts of Mr. Jones
entitles him to the compensation,? On what
particular principies of equity p,r common justice
