1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
25th Cong....3d Sess.        Defalcation of Samuel ¡Swartwout—Mr. Menefee, Mr. Thomas
Ho. of Reps.
These facts are not passed thus rapidly in re-
view to wound the feelings of those who have
been thus identified with a public defaulter. It is
not in my nature to intimate that a whole party
is corrupt because here and there one of its promi-
nent members has proved himself to be unworthy
of public or private confidence. These facts are
adduced solely to make gentlemen feel the mon-
strous outrage upon every principle of justice and
propriety which is so often committed here by
gentlemen who continually charge with corruption
a whole party without better cause than that now
furnished by the case of Swartwout to denounce,
in like coarse language, both the Conservative and
Whig branches of the Opposition.
In conclusion, I have to say that I shall vote
for the viva voce mode of voting in preference to
that by ballot, and that I shall, in justice to the
Administration, and to the Speaker, and for the
purpose of insuring a proper prosecution of the
investigation to be ordered, vote to have the com-
mittee in this case appointed in the customary
mode, by the Presiding Officer.
Mr. T. then moved to amend the amendment
to the resolution by striking out the words " by
ballot," and inserting the words " viva voce."
On a later day, in the same debate, in reply to
Messrs. Menefee, Legare, and Hoffman,
Mr. THOMAS said, he rose under pleasurable
emotions. He had listened with gratification to
the concluding remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hoffman.] Amidst that torrent
of obloquy and reproach flowing in from all quar-
ters upon Swartwout, the gentleman from New
York does not shrink from the discharge of a
duty due to a former personal and political friend-
ship. He tells the House and the country that
the great defaulter has some redeeming qualities.
This, doubtless, is true; for there is a "green
spot" in the arid waste of the darkest human
characters. No man thinks otherwise who is
guided in his judgment of others by that golden
rule, given with simplicity and clearness by the
poet of Scotland.    Burns says:
" Gently scan your brither man,
Still gentler sister woman;
Though they may gang a kenm wrang,
~ To step aside is human."
But again, I say, why are the crimes of those
who oppose the Administration to be palliated and
mitigated in our discussions here, while the slight-
est errors of all who are its friends are seized hold
of to furnish occasion for ruthless, reckless, and
scandalous denunciation ?
But, sir, under a momentary impulse, I am out
of the course I have marked for myself.
Before I make a brief reply to the three gentle-
men who have noticed my remarks made on this
question,itis dueto the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Menefee,] and to myself, that I should as-
certain whether I was correctin supposing that he
did not intend, by his remarks on Wednesday
iast, to offer to me an indignity.
Mr. MENEFEE. I hope the gentleman does
not wish to force me into an expression of my
opinion of him, or of any other person.
Mr. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman whether
he intended, by his remarks or manner, to offer me
an insult ? To this question I am entitled to have
an answer.
Mr. MENEFEE. Oh, certainly, certainly I
will. 1 only intended to relieve myself from super-
human influences. As to offering the gentleman
an affront, I have too much respect for myself in
this place to offer an affront to any gentleman.
Mr. THOMAS. I am satisfied with the expla-
nation. 1 have but little to say, then, of the
speech of the gentleman intended as an argument
to influence the House. Instead of replying to
what I did say, he avoided every little point there
was in my remarks. Persisting as he did in im-
puting to me what I did not say, I have a right
to suppose that he considered my positions impreg-
nable. Seeing that the gentleman misunderstood
me, 1 took the trouble to correct him. He insist-
ed, notwithstanding, that I had admitted unquali-
fiedly the responsibility of the Administration for
the loss of the public money purloined by Swart-
wout. Now if, in the course of the debate, I had
used language capable of that construction, eour-
I tesy required of the gentleman to permitmeto state !
! my true meaning and intention, and he should |
¡ then, if he could, have replied to what I did say.   I
i     Mr. MENEFEE. The gentleman from Mary- ;
| ¡and, three times over, declared  the prima facie \
j responsibility of this Administration.     He de^
, clares that he did not mean to say so.
¡     Mr. THOMAS.    Fortunately,  I have armed
I myself with authority upon this point that cannot ,
'; be disputed.    I took the precaution, on the even-
\\ ing of the day when I spoke before, to address a
j! letter to the reporter for the National Intelligen-
1 cer, (Mr. Stans'oury,) asking him to send me his
notes of my remaiks.    Those notes  I now hold
1 in my hand.    They weie taken at the time, with- ,
' out a view to an issue like this between the gen-
! tleman and myself.    And in every instance in
j; those notes, where I am made to speak of the re-
sponsibility  of   the   Administration,  I  used  the
words as I have stated, " held responsible."   In
no instance does the reporter represent that I used
the words imputed to me by the gentleman from
Kentucky.    This must surely settle the question, :
as to the accuracy of the recollection of the gen- ',
tleman.   And as the foundation upon which his
speech mainly rested is thus destroyed, the super- |
structure must fall also.                                              j
Mr. MENEFEE.     Will not the gentleman !
now say that the Administration is prima facie
responsible for defaults of public officers?
Mr. THOMAS.    Doubtless the Chief Magia- \\
trate is considered by the public, pri?na facie justly !
responsible for the loss of money intrusted to the '
custody of an officer appointed by him.   But from
this responsibility he is relieved as soon as it is /
shown that he used all reasonable precautions to '■'
guard against a default     In the case of Swart- ;
wout, I have contended that General Jackson is
exculpated   by  the   facts  already   known,   and
which have been so often referred to in this de-
bate.    We are not to suppose that he, or any
other President, can  guard effectually against all
errors.    The President has thousands and tens of '
thousands of public officers to appoint.    Fiom ■
these officers official bonds are to be taken,    it is
the  duty of the President to take care to place
men in office  having a good  character, and  to I
exact from them bondsmen known to be respon- !
sible.                                                                              |
In Swartwout's case, the securities on his bonds, j
it is conceded, were good; and I have shown that Í
he was considered honest and capable by the mer- '
chants and others, of all parties in the midst of j
whom he lived. Having shown this, I contend !
that the responsibility to which the late Preeident ¡;
was to be held in the first instance is thrown off; \
and I have contended further, that the present j
Chief Magistrate cannot with propriety be called |
to account for omitting to remove Swartwout when j
he had no knowledge of his default; nor have we I
evidence to justify a harsh condemnation of the
Secretary of the Treasury who confided in the i
integrity of a man who has deceived all who trusted
him. This was the course of my former remarks. !
Instead of answering them, language has been ;
imputed to me which was never used, and gentle- \
men have been demolishing the creations of their
own imaginations.                                                       !
To the notes upon which I have relied to cor-
rect one error, I have looked to see where the ]
three gentlemen who have undertaken to reply to i
; me [Messrs. Menefee, Legare, and Hoffman]
1 derived authority for imputing to me a claim to be
1 exempted from those infirmities which sway the ;
judgments of us all.    In these notes I can find not '
one word justifying this criticism.    The reporter ¡
says that I declared I spurned the idea that I, or ■
my party, had not full as much honesty as our
opponents.    Upon this solitary declaration these ;
gentlemen cannot surely have founded this declama-
tion about my pretensions to disinterested patriot-
ism.   To these fancy sketches of the gentlemen I
do not feel called upon to reply.
Having shown, as I think, that nothing which
I did say has been impunged by the gentleman
from Kentucky, and that the personal allusions of i'
the gentlemen named are without warrant, I will, j!
in a few sentences, endeavor to dispose of the :
remarks of the two other gentlemen who have j'
noticed my remarks.                                                   ¡¡
I have here again to complain of misrepresenta-;,
tion, unintentional, without doubt. The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Legare] repre-
sents that I have declared that the Administration
—meaning, I presume, the Executive—ought to
have the appointment of the members of our com-
■ mittees. I made no such preposterous declaration,
in confirmation of my recollection, I refer again
to the notes of the reporters for the National Intel-
; l.'gencer. I contended, and now contend, that
the friends of the Administration on this floor, if
they have the power, ought to have the control in
our principal committees. Gentlemen of the Oppo-
sition seek to make us responsible for everything
done in this House. Every extravagant appro-
priation is charged to the Republican party; and
yet the men who make the charge seek to deny to
the same party the power to appoint the committees
i who are to mature and recommend the passage of
the bills m pursuance of which the public money
is to be expended. Against this injustice 1 have
protested, and v/ill protest; and in so doing, feel
that I am justified by the proceedings of all parties
who have had majorities in this body, and by the
public opinion of the country.
The gentleman from South Carolina would have
been correct, if he had imputed to me the declara-
tion that the Administration, meaning the Execu-
tive, ought to have a majority in the committee of
investigation about to be appointed. I believe that
the public interests, as well as a sense of justice
to the Executive, demands this at our hands.
Need I recapitulate the reasons already assigned
for this opinion > I contend that this investigation
is one of a peculiar character. We cannot prac-
tically institute an inquiry at this short session
into the operations and condition of all thevarious
Departments of this Government. Whatever may
be the language of any resolution we may adopt,
I maintain that no one committee to be appointed
can undertake to examine fully, in all their bear-
ings, any other one of the defaults of public offi-
cers already known, if they first scrutinize, in all
its ramifications, that stupendous fraud which has
been committed at New York. It, on account of
its magnitude, and other circumstances, has an
importance that gives it a claim above all others
to attention. Of that fraud, 1 have insisted that
we have a right to suppose everything natural to
the issue has been communicated that can be gath-
ered from the publicrecords here or atNew York.
In all the Departments there are men instigated
by their political feelings to expose the malcon-
ductof their official associates; and it is reasonable
to suppose that they have, directly or indirectiy,
communicated all the facts to be found on the
public records implicating any one of the public
officers. The committee is not, then, as gentle-
men suppose it to be, appointed to ferret out the
misconduct of the public officers in the New York
case. We have in that case the lav/ and the facts
before us to forrii an opinion; but we need further
information as to the unofficial colleagues and as-
sociates, if there be any, of Swartwout; and I
must believe,until thecontiaryappears, thatthey,
if they exist at all, will be found, not in the ranks
of the friends of the Administration, but in the
political ranks where he has stood since 1836; and
if so, the Opposition members of this House have
no just cause to conclude that they, constituting-
a majority of this committee, would be more dili-
gent or persevering than others in conducting the
examinations required. On the contrary, they
would be less apt than the occasion demands to
doubt the infallibility of their own political friends;
and it cannot be denied but that those who are po-
litically identified with the Executive would most
diligently strive to trace out and recover the money
which Swartwout has embezzled, since they see
that an effort has been made, and is to be made,
to fix upon the Executive all the responsibility to
be incurred, if no part of the money lost is re-
stored to the public Treasury.
But, sir, whatever may be the views of gen-
tlemen upon the point I have just examined, we
ought all to concur in preferring that the election
of the committee shall not be made by ballot. By
proceeding in that mode, we may be involved in
much difficulty. Í presume that it is the purpose
of the House to have all parties fairly represented
in this committee. So much has been said about
the partiality of the Speaker, that I will not sup-
