1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
25th Conk....3d Snss.
United States Bank Bonds—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
proper discrimipatnn between appropriations un-
called for by the country, and those which are es-
sential to its safety and happiness, should ever
guide the action of every patriot For his part, he
felt convinced that his constituents would never
allow a rich harvest to be ruined for want of pro-
tection from the weathei; nor would they, on the
same principle, suffer the property of the country
to be exposed to danger, without at least some
effort to shelter it from an invading foe
UNITED STATES HANK BONDS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. NILES,
OF COfiNLCllGUI,
In Senatí., January 5, lb39,
In reply to the remarks of Mr. Rives, on the Res-
olution submitted by him calling on the Presi-
dent for additional information  relative to the
transactions between the Government and the
Bank of the United States, growing out of the
sales of the Bonds of said Bank.
Mr  NSLE3 addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr  President. If anything; could surprise me,
coming from a certain quaiter, it would be the re-
marks of the honorable Senator who has just taken
his seat, [Mi. Rives;] and the same observation
will apply with equal ioice to his speech the other
day, on his first resolution of inquiry, to which the
one now under consideiation seems to be a soi t of
supplement.    { have, however, Ion  since ceased
to be suipnsedatanything coming from those who
can be siutfied with nothing as long as they are
not permitted to have the direction of public af-
fairs.    What have we witnessed now, and on the
occasion referred to'    A Senator who, duungthe
last two sessions, at least, was first and foremost,
at all times and on all occasions, to denounce the
Administration for a course of policy alleged to be
hostile and ruinous to the banking institutions of
the country, suddenly changes his position, and
with equal boldness, and apparently with sincerity
and confide/iee, cnarges the same Administration,
still pursuing, as was generally supposed, the same
general line of policy, with having formed an lm-
propei, suspicious, and dangerous connection with
the banks—a connection which has restored the
deposit system without law, and which will finally
result in  the establishment of a national bank,
without the action of Congress.
The Administration is now assailed and de-
nounced with a toneof asperity seldom surpassed,
foi having done precisely what we have hereto-
fore so often been told by the Senator making the
charge, and those with whom he now acts, it
oughtto do It js condemned for an alleged course
of policy friendly to the prebent Bank of the Uni-
ted States and other State banks, by the same
men by whom it has been so long and so often
denounced for hostility to banks and the credit
system.
Sir, how is this strange movement on the polit-
ical boards to be explained' I shall endeavor to
demonstiate, before I have done, that thei-e has
been no change in the general policy of the Ad-
ministration on this subject But if there had
been, that would be no explanation. If it was
light one yeai ago to conduct the financial con-
cerns of the Government so as to favor the banks,
st is proper now. Will gentlemen urge ce>tain
measures on the Administration, a'ld then con
demn it foi adopting those very measures' If
what is now alleged against the Secretary of the
Treasuiy was true, the Senator and his associates
should be the last men in the country to condemn
it Can they blow hot and cold at the same breath,
and censure a policy to-day that they themselves
recommended yesterday ? Were they sincere in
charging th,e Admmistiation with hostility to the
banks last session' If so, how can they now turn
round and denounce it, if what is alleged was
true,foi ha\ingievived thedeposit system' The
opponents of that system might, with propriety,
complain, but with what propriety or consistency
do censuies come from its friends' Ha^e the op-
ponents of the Administration generally assumed
a new position, or is thi3 position one that be-
longs to the "aimed neutrality" only' I am
anxious for mfoi matron on this subiect, and think
No. 6
it somewhat important to the country to know
whether the Governments to be assailed, as here-
tofore, on the ground of an alleged hostility to
banks, to the ciedit system, to trade, commerce,
manufactures, and the business of the country, or
whether this ground is to be abandoned, and a
new and directly opposite position to be assumed.
We are told from two high sources that this
ground is abandoned Mr Biddle, whose knowl-
edge on this subject can hardly be doubted, says
the controversy between the Government and his
bank is at an end, that he has no longer any-
thing to complain of, that the bank wans over,
and that he now abdicates ail political power which
the hostile policy of the Government had com-
pelled him to assume. And the Senator from Vn-
gima confirms this statement. He says, that not
only is the war st an end, but that a tieaty offen-
sive and defensive has been entered into between
the Governmentand the BankoftheUnned States
Future events will doubtless throw more light on
this subject, but as the matter now stands, we
are bound to consider that the Opposition have
abandoned their old ground, and assumed a new
position
Taking this to be the fact, the next question
is as to the cause of this new movement. Is it a
change in the policy of the Administration' Ger-
tamly not, foi there has been no change further
than what a change of circumstances has occa-
sioned. This he would endeavor to demonstiate
Mr N said he would assign a cause, which he
believed to be the true one. as he could discover no
other. The clamor, which has been so long and
successfully kept up, of hostility on the paitof the
Government towards the banks and credit, has
answered its purpose, it has done all it could for
the Opposition, at least for the present It will
no doubt be ie&umed after a while, but it is now
rathei stale, and has lost its influence But it has
woiked well, and aided by the cooperation of the
money power, has produced two panics, agitated
the country piodigiouUy, and revolutionized sev-
eral States A considerible portion of the people
believed this charge, so boldly made, so persevei-
mgly insisted upon, and even some of the friends
of the Administration were deceived, and thought
its measures were, whether so designed or no',
unfriendly to the moneyed institutions of thecoun-
tiy. The suspension of the banks m May, 1S37,
gave somewhat a new aspect to this contioversy,
and the measures which that event rendered it
necessary for the Government to adopt, gave addi
tional force and effect to the clamors and denun-
ciation against the Administration, which was held
responsible for all the disoiders of the currency
and the general derangement and interruption of
business. The additional interest which these cir-
cumstances gave to the subject, in connection with
the discussions on this floor on the Independent
Treasuryb.il, and oJier propositions lelating to
the finances, aioused aumvei-al spuit of inquiry
The subject has been taken up by the public piess,
and has been thoioughly examined and discussed
Not ority hove the \ tews and measures of the
two parties been extensively discussed, but the
principles for which the friends of the Administra-
tion contended, have been partially brought into
pract'eal operation     We were not able to pass
the Independent Tieasuiy bill, yet we were able
to resist the attempts to restore, by legislation, the
connection between the revenues of the country
and the banks, and to maintain that separation
which their suspension of payment had occasioned
We were enabled to re&tst all attempts at inter-
ference on the p^rt of Congress, to aid the banks
either by the funds or the credit of the Govern-
ment, leaung those institutions to recover upon
their own resources, and the operations of the
laws of trade.    And above all, we were enabled
to hold on to the true standard of value, the only j
safe and true " regulator" of the currency to sus- !
tain and hold up the credit of the Government, j
to the standard of gold and silver     The wisdom j
of these measuies has been proved by their re- ,
suits      Then beneficial influence was soon per- ,
ceived; sooner and moie extensively than their J
most stienuous advocate's anticipated      By sus-
taining the true specie standard, and in the trans- i
actions of the Tieasury, receiving only specie or
paper deemed equivalent, the credit of the Gov-
ernment was maintained, which operated to raise
the credit of the sound banks to the same standard.
The general result is known The country recov-
ered, in little more than one year, from the most
severe shock and revulsion it ever experienced.
The banks in most of tne States resumed specie
payments; the currency was restored; the ex-
changes, in a great measure, regulated, commerce
revived, and every kmd of business became active
and prosperous If we compare the late period of
the prostration of the currency and credit of the
country with a similar period m our history, the
rapidity with which we have recovered from the
late revulsion will appear astonishing Then the
suspension lasted four years, and, in a large sec-
tion of the Union, from six to ten years, with the
assistance and regulating power of a National
Bank. Other causes than those he had referred
to, no doubt, had their influence; the resources of
the country were greatei now, and it possessed a
vastly greater specie currency than it did in 1816.
But our firmness in maintaining the true specie
standard of value, and the practical separation of
the revenue from the banks, mast have exerted an
important influence If the Government is held
responsible for the disordeis of the currency, oc-
casioned by overtrading, it must have some credit
for its restoration, effected in part by its judicious
policy. These results are before the country, and
they have had their effect upon public sentiment.
The discussions which have taken place here and
elsewhere, have also had their influence, Both
from argument and experience, much light has
been shed on this important subject. The people
have had an opportunity to judge whether the
views of the friends of the Administration or its
opponents were most correct. The result has been
a reaction in the public mind, which is still going
on all over the country Many, who were de-
ceived or enticed away, for a time, by the clamor
against the Government, have discovered their
errutr The tiue causes of the derangement of the
currency have become understood, and the mius-
tice and absurdity of attempting to hold the Gov-
ernment responsible, has become apparent to all.
This gross delusion can no longer be kept up.
The changes which are going on in public opin-
ion, are too palpable to be mistaken. They are
manifested ¡n the tone of the public press, and
more eniDhatically in the elections which have
taken place.
These, sir, m my judgment, are the circum-
stances which have induced gentlemen on the other
side of this Chamber to change their ground, and
assume a new position Having derived ail the
benefit they can fiom the agitation of the ques-
tions of the currency and finances, and perceiving
a reaction taking place, they now wish to abandon
the whole subject, to arrest the inquiry which is
going on, and direct the public attention to some
new ground of complaint, and raise an excitement
about defaulters and extravagant expenditures.
This is all natural enough,and perhaps perfectly
fa.rm political warfare But it is a little extraor-
dinary that a position should be taken directly
apposed to that so recently occupied, and the Ad-
ministration be charged with forming a league,
offensive and defensive, with the banks.
How do we now stand in the Senate' Why,
the Opposition, after having for two years kept
up a constant clamor about the hostility of the
Government to the banks, have suddenly gone
back and taken the old position they occupied in
1836, when I first took my seat on this floor.
Then their daily tirades against the Admimstia-
tion were about the corrupt and dangerous con-
nection between the Treasuiy and the deposit
banks The " pet banks" were the constant sub-
ject of remark and censure This continued to
be the case until the banns failed m 1837, with
between twenty and thirty millions of the public
treasure m their vaults Thic, event led both parties
to change their positions The Admimstraíion
abandoned the deposit lank system, and the Op-
position immediately took it uo. ine merits of
this movement depends on the consideration,
wu>eh party had the best reasons for their course.
The friends of tne Administration abandoned the
State batik system because it had'"ailed, and proved
untiustworthy, and the Opposition, he supposed,
embraced it for ths same reason.    And now,
