82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Janoary 5,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
returning to (heir old position of 1836, they charge
the Administration with renewing its connection
with the banks, and forming a league with them
for political purposes In the present instance we
shall not accommodate them by an exchange of
positions. They may abandon theirs, but we shall
not take it We deny altogether the charge of a
reunion of the Treasury with the banks But if
it was true, (Mr. N. said,) he would not go with it
in that measure, either here or elsewhere. And,
in saying this, he believed he spoke the sentiments
of all on this side of the Senate. We do not go
for the reunion, Dutforamore complete and effect-
ual separation.
Having, Mr. President, made these introduc-
tory observations, I will proceed to notice some
of the remarks of the Senator from Vngima,
and to examine some of the very extraordinary
charges whieh he has made against the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the President himself. I
am aware, sir, that the gentleman's speech was
not made for me, or with an expectation that I
■would reply to it; he is aiming at higher game;
his envenomed shafts are aimed at the highest
mark; they are intended to reach the President
himself, through the sides of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and he doubtless expected that the hon-
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Wkight,]
would interpose his strong arm to ward off the
blow; and I think it quite probable, that before
this debate is ended, the Senator may have the
honor of a broadside from that quarter But,
however this may be, inasmuch as the Senator
has presented an issue between his speech made
in advance of the report, and my remarks made
after it was read, and has thrown out a sort of
defiance, asserting, in an emphatic tone, that he
would demonstrate that all the charges, inferences,
and imputations in his first speech were fully and
triumphantly established by the report, I felt
called upon to meet the gentleman upon the issue
he has tendered, and hope I shall be able to show
that what I said the other day was strictly cor-
rect; that the report of the Secretary was not only
a response to the Senator's resolution, but an an-
swer to his speech and all its accusations.
Whilst I feel grateful to the body for its indul-
gence m affording me the opportunity I now have
of concluding what I desired to say, 1 regret to
have to detain the Senate as long as I fear I may
do, tn a debate of this description This whole
Government, I regard, sir, ai entirely and exclu-
sively of a political character The Senator's
resolutions, it is clear, can have no relation to
any matter of legislation that now is, or may be,
expected to come before the Senate The object
is political; it is a bold attack on the President
and the Secretary of theTieasury, and one more
entirely gratuitous, unfounded, and preposteious,
has never come from any quarter, whether friend,
or foe, or neutral This may be all right in polit-
ical warfare; he did not complain of it, but only
•wished that the responsibility of occupying the
time of the Senate in merely political discussion,
should be placed where it belonged These polit
ical debates usually originate with the Opposition,
they are the assailants, we stand on thedefensive;
but, for one, he was disposed to meet oil assaults
on the spot, and thus to settle accounts as we go
along, and to leave the general reckoning to the
people. What special purpose there may be in,
this movement, he did not pretend to know; but,
for some reason oi other, there seemed to be, on .
the part of the Senator, an unusual haste and '
anxiety to make known his new position to his
constituents and the country                                  '
I will first notice, Mr President, several of the I
specific charges made by the Senator m his speech
of yesterday, before t take up the general issue
whether the Senator's speech, with its charges,
inferences, and imputations, made in advance of '
the evidence, is borne out and sustained by the ,
report or not, and shall conclude with some ob-
servations on soma other topics connected with
the general subject, and by no means beyond the
proper range belonging to the debate.
The first specific charge against the Secretary
of the Treasury is the sale of the bond held by
the Government against the present Bink of the
United States, which was payable in 1839. The
disposition of this bond  was authorized by an
United States Bank StócJc-^-B/br. Niks.
act of Congress, passed at Us last session. It is
claimed that the sale was made on terms not au-
thorized by the law, and so disadvantageous to
the Treasury as to authorize a belief that there
was an intention to favor the Bank of the United
States, which was the purchaser. Two objections
have been urged against the legality of the trans-
action, one, that the payment was not made m
nwnei/,' the other, that a credit was allowed, which
the law did not authorize. By the terms of the
act, the bond was to be sold for '< money mhand,"
and at a sum not less than its par value at the
time of sale. It was sold for its par value, and
the avails of the bond agreed to be placed in special
deposit in the Bank of the United States, to the
credit of the Treasurer, in specie or its equivalent.
It was also stipulated " that the Bank is to keep
' the money saiely, till drawn out by the Treas-
' urer, without making any charge to the United
•States for keeping or paying it out on his drafts."
These were the terms of the sale as appears from
the report before me; but I will not fatigue myself
or others by reading the correspondence. It is
claimed that, because the act required payment to
be made in money, nothing but gold and silver
could be received. The Senator, after having so
long and strenuously contended for the receipt at
the Treasury of the paper of specie-paying banks,
seems now getting back to his hard-money notions
of 1834. But there is nothing in this argument.
All public dues are required by lav) to be paid in
money The customs, the receipts of lands, and
all other public dues are payable in money There
is nothing in the act to distinguish this payment
from any other to be made in the United States.
But by the practice of the Treasury, from an early
period, the notes of specie-paying banks and bant
credits have been regarded as equivalents specie;
and the joint resolution of 1816 gave a legal sanc-
tion to that practice. That resolution is still m
force, and authorizes the receipt of the bills of
specie paying banks, but is not compulsory in its
provisions, leaving it discretionary with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury Such paper, however,
always has been received under certain restrictions,
and no doubt will be, until Congress interfere.
The payment for this bond, having been made in
specie, or what, according to the practice of the
Treasury, was equivalent, the charge of illegality
is entirely groundless, as much so as if applied to
the receipt of convertible paper for duties.
In regard to the assertion of the bonds being sold
on a credit, it has no foundation m fact Theie
was no stipulation for ciedit in the conditions of
the sale The money was agreed to be, and was,
in fact, deposited in the bank, to be kept, and
paid out on the draft of the Treasurer. It was,
of course, subject to be drawn for immediately.
In referring to this part of the contract, Mr Bid-
ble, in his letter of the 1st of August, 1838, says:
" On the part of the bank I confirm that under-
standing " It is true that at a subsequent period,
an arrangement was entered into between the
Secretary of the Treasury and the bank, specify-
! ing the times, sums, and places of payment m
i respect to the drafts of the Treasurer upon this
j fund. But this arrangement was made after the
i money was in the Treasury, and by authority of
I the general power of the Secretary, and not under
the authority of the act authorizing the sale of the
bond It amounts to nothing, therefore, to show
that the act did not authorize the sale of the bond
on credit, because the bond has not been so sold
Neither can there be any foundation for a suspi-
cion that there was a secret understanding, at the
time of the sale, that a credit was to be given
The arrangement referred to was made in conse
quence of the communication which had previous-
ly been made to the bank, by the Secretary of
War, suggesting that this money would be wanted
for the service of his Department, and in sums of
about five hundred thousand dollars per month
Mr. Woodbury states distinctly that he knew
nothing of this communication when he negotiated
the bond; but that, being informed of it by the
bank afterwards, which claimed that it had relied
upon it, the Secretary of the Treasury thought it
no more than just and equitable to conform to it,
in drawing out the deposit.
This interference of the Secretary of War has
been  commented upon by the  mover of these
Senate.
resolutions with great severity. But it is a little
remarkable that his censure has been cast, not
upon the Secretary of War, but upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It is said that he sutfered
himself to be made a cat's-paw of, and permitted
the Secretary of War to negotiate the bond, when
the law had confided this duty to the Seeietary. of
the Treasury. But th>. groundlessness of this
charge is apparent, from the fact that Mr. Wood-
bmy knew nothing of the communication of the
Secretary of War, until afta the sale was made
The negotiation for the sale of the bond was closed
on the 30th of July, and on the 13th of August,
Mr. Biddle informed the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the proposition which had been made by
the Secretary of War as to the disbursement of
the money for the service of his Department.
These reproaches, cast on Mr. Woodbury, have
not the slightest foundation to rest upon.
In regard to the conduct of the Secretary of
War, I see nothing in it to condemn. It is well
known how moneys are drawn from the Treasury.
The heads of the different Departments make their
requisitions on the Secretary of the Treasury for
the sums of money which are wanted for the ser-
vice of their Departments, and the warrants of
the Secretary of the Treasury are issued upon
such requisitions This money was required for
the military service, and the Seeietary of War
probably supposed that, by apprising the bank of
the times when, and the places wheie, the money
would be wanted, might facilitate the sale of the
bond. His interference was little, if anything,
more than the communication of information
which he supposed might have a favorable bearing
on the pending negotiation with the bank I can
see nothing in this "worthy ofdeathorof bonds "
But it may appear to be a veiy serious matter m
the eyes of a neutral.
But it is insisted upon that the contract was
disadvantageous to the Treasury, and highly bene-
ficial to the bank, and this seems to be a circum-
stance relied upon as proof of a friendly alliance
between the Treasury and the Bank of the United
States It is certainly very strange that such a
charge as this should be made in the face of the
fact, appearing in the very document upon which
it professes to be founded, that the offer of the
Bank of the United States was not only the most
favorable, but the only one received coming within
the limitations of the law. The Secretary published
a general notice inviting proposals. He likewise
applied to Mr Newbold, president of the Bank of
Ameuca in New York, to the president of one or
more of the banks in Philadelphia, wrote to the
bankeis of the United States m London, and to
our Minister in Pans. But no offers could be
obtained in Europe, on account of the shortness
of the time the bonds had to run, and because the
law did not authorize the guarantee on the part of
the United States of their eventual payment. No
offers could be obtained in the United States except
from the debtor bank. Publications appeared in
some of the bank presses, instigated no doubt by
Mr Biddle, intimating that the bond might not be
paid at maturity, and that the Bank of the United
States would claim offsets Undei these circum-
stances no offer could be obtained except from
the debtor bank, which proposed to purchase in
the bond on the terms prescribed in the act of
Congress. The condition of the Treasury shows
that the money was wanted, and it was therefore
the duty of the Secretary to dispose of at least one
of the bonds.
The next specific charge is the arrangement for
the payment of the second bond, which fell due
in 1838 It is alleged that there is something very
remarkable and suspicious m this transaction; the
bond being paid before it became due, and when the
money was not wanted for the purposes of the
Treasury The facts are, that the bond was pay-
able on the 30th day of September, and the arrange-
ment was to pay it in three installments; on the
15th day of August, the 15th of September, and
the 15th of October, the interest to cease as the
íespective payments were made, and the money
to be placed on deposit in the bank, and to be
drawn out on the drafts of the Treasurer Although
by this anangement a part of the money was an-
ticipated, yet a part of it was postponed beyond
i the period when the bond fell due.     It is asked,
