1839.3                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            83
25th Cong....3d Sess.
United States Bank Stock—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
what was the object for this arrangement? One
object doubtless was, as the sum was very large—
nearly two millions and a half—that it was more
convenient to divide it and receive it at different
times. The Secretary also assigns as another rea-
son, that he was apprehensive that a part of the
amount would be paid in Treasury notes not re-
issuable, and that the whole sum was required to
meet the demands upon the Treasury.
To prove the alliance between the Government
and the Bank of the United States, the Senator
asserts that moneys have been deposited in that
bank in addition to those paid by it to the United
States. The only case specified, is a payment of
§300,000 by the Bank of Kentucky. Tins money,
it is confidently asserted, was received m the Treas-
ury, and was afterwards deposited m the Bank of
the United States. The facts are not so. TheBank
of Kentucky was indebted to the United States,
and paid that debt by a check for $300,000 on the
Pennsylvania Bank of the United States, in pur-
suance of an arrangement made with that bank.
These facts appear from the report. The check
on the Bank of the United States made it the debtor
of the United States. The money was not depos-
ited in that bank; but the check was sent there,
and the amount of it placed to the credit of the
Treasurer, to be drawn out when wanted. This
money was in the same condition as that received
on the bonds; it was a payment from the bank to
the Treasury, and the money was left in the bank
on deposit, to be paid on the drafts of the Treas-
urer.
hi connection with this subject, it is charged
that the Secretary of the Treasury has not an-
swered that part of the inqu.ries in the resolu-
tions, which asks whether there had been any
other transactions between the Treasury and the
Bank of the United States, except what grew out
of the sale and payment ot its bonds. This is a
mistake. The Secretary names the several trans-
actions the Treasury has had with the Bank of
the United States, namely, the negotiation of the
bond payable in 1839, the payment of the second
bond which fell due in September, 1838, the
payment of JJ300,0OÜ for the Bank of Kentucky,
and the payment in part of the demand of the
United States, against the old Bank of Columbia,
for which the United States' Bank had taken
security, and in that way become a trustee for the
United ¡States. After specifying these several
transactions the Secretary says: "With these
'exceptions, there have not been dealings of any
* description between this Department and the
'United States Bank of Pennsylvania, from its
' establishment to the present day. No collecting
'or disbursing officer has ever been directed by
'this Department to make any deposit whatever
' in said bank; nor has any money been placed by
' the said bank to the credit of the Treasurer of
' the United States, or of this Department, or, to
'my knowledge, of any of its officers, except the
'avails of the transactions specifically referred to
'above, and on the details of which, so far as they
'relate to the present subject, full information is
'given in the correspondence and tabular state-
' ments annexed." Yet, with these facts before
him, the gentleman tells us that the Secretary has
not responded to his inquiry whether any moneys
have been deposited in the Bank of the United
States, other than those growing out of the de-
mands of the United States upon the bank. This
complaint is not only without any foundation, but
directly in face of the report.
The next specification m the gentleman's bill of
indictment is the allegation that the Secretary of
the Treasury has attempted to impose upon the
public in regard to "special deposits," both in
the Bank of the United States and other State
banks. In regard to this matter, the conduct of
the Secretary is denounced in the most offensive
and opprobrious terms; language which he was
shocked to hear applied to any high officer of the
Government, by any one honored with a seat on
;his floor, whether enemy, professed friend, or
"armed neutral." Sir, the Senator, with great
emphasis of tone and manner, charged the Secre-
tary with practicing a base fraud on the country.
[Mr. Rives said that he used no such language.]
No, sir, the gentleman did not use this language.
I was stating the high charge he made against the
Secretary in my own language. 1 thought his
language too foul and vituperative to repeat; but
I will now do it. He said that the Secretary had
attempted to impose upon the country, to humbug
and cheat the people.
The gentleman from Virginia says these special
deposits are the same as general deposits, and j
that, to characterize them as special deposits, is ¡
altogether deceptive  and fraudulent.     How far ,
they may differ from general deposits, I cannot ;
pretend to say.    Some of them, it seems, have j
been special deposits in a strict legal sense; that :
is, specie has been deposited, and kept in a box
separate from the funds of the bank, and the iden-
tical money restored or paid out when called for.
But the deposits with the Bank of the United
States, and most of the other State banks, have
not been of this character. These deposits have all
been temporary, and made under special contracts,
as to the custody and paying out of the money.
These, in the operations of the Treasury, must
be distinguishable from general deposits, which
presupposes a general depositary, or fiscal agent,
for  receiving and  disbursing  the public funds.
Any deposit made under a special agreement, dif-
fering in any respects from the legal obligations
which exist where there is no particular agree-
ment, would, in some sense certainly, be a special
deposit.   So far as respects the general operations
of the Treasury, I have no confidence in any plan
of special deposits,    in a strict legal sense it is
impracticable; and, in any other, it cannot essen-
tially obviate   the   evils  of the   general   deposit
system.    But the question now is, whether the
Secretary, ill using the terms special deposits, has
attempted to practice a fraud upon the country.
Is the gentleman aware that the same language is
used by the agents of the Bank in these transae- ¡
ttonsJ    Mr. Macalester, who was the agent of the ;
bank for the purchase of the bonds, says: " I will \
deposit the amount thereof, in special deposit, in i
the Bank of the United Slates;" and Mr. Cow-
perthwaite, the cashier, in acknowledging the re- |
ceipt of the money, says: " That Charles Mac- [
' alester, Esq., has this day deposited to the credit ¡
' of the Treasurer of the United States, in special '
' deposit, the sum of $2,254,871 38, subject to the I
'drafts of the said Treasurer."   Mr. Biddle, I
believe, used the same language.    Does the Sen-
ator mean to charge these gentlemen with having
entered  into a conspiracy with the Secretary of
the Treasury to practice a fraud on the public?
Will he apply to these gentlemen the  ofi'ensive
terms which he has to Mr. Woodbury?
Mr. President, there is one   particular charge
more, which Í will notice when I shall have done
with the gentleman's remarks of yesterday.   It is, I
that there was an agreement to circulate the notes j
of the Bank of the United States in the financial j
concerns of the Government.    It is not claimed I
that any such agreement has been made by the j
Secretary of the Treasury, but some letter of in- i
structions from the Paymaster General, or some j
officer connected with the military service, is re- j
ferred to, as having directed the disbursement of !
the notes of the United States Éank.    If there has ;
been any such order, there is no evidence that it i
has received the sanction of the head of the Treas- j
ury, and no reason to suppose that such can be the j
case, as all the moneys placed on special deposit !
in the bank were to be paid out on the drafts of
the Treasurer.   Under existing laws, disbursing [
officers are not prohibited from offering in payment :
bank notes which are equivalent to specie on the .
spot where offered.    This is certainly a strange !
complaint to come from the quarter it does. Who, j
for the last two years, has so repeatedly and so ;
earnestly urged the propriety and necessity of re- j
ceiving and paying out the bills of specie-paying j
banks as the Senator from Virginia ?   Not to do ¡;
this, he has declared,  was  to discredit the local ¡i
bank currency, was to proclaim it to be worthless,
and to induce the holders of bank notes to return
them upon the banks for specie.   In his speech at
the extra session he urges the necessity of receiv-
ing and disbursing the bank-note currency as a
measure of indispensable importance.   " But, sir,
' would not the example of the Government, in the
' indiscriminate rejection of all bank paper, have
'an important moral influence in exciting the jeal-
' ousies and suspicions of the whole community ?
' If the Government, by its acts, shall declare hank
' paper to be worthless and unsafe, will not the
' people also take the alarm ? Will not a general
' distrust be created of all banking institutions,
' and will not every person holding their paper be-
' come impatient to convert it into specie?"' He
speaks of the "just, safe, and paternal policy"
which the Government ought to pursue towards
the banks, in receiving and disbursing their notes.
And yet, after all this, it is now made a serious
ground of complaint that the notes of the Bank of
the United States have been received and disbursed
by some subordinate disbursing agents. If gen-
tlemen can blow hot and cold at the same breath,
it will no doubt be difficult to please them.
It is claimed that the transactions with the Bank
of the United States have been advantageous to
that institution, at the expense of the Treasury—
that the avails of the bonds have been drawn out
by drafts payable at the South and West, at points
where exchange on Philadelphia bore a large pre-
mium. But the truth is, this premium was incon-
sequence of the depreciation of the local currency.
On specie, Treasury notes, or bank notes converti-
ble into specie,the difference in exchange was very
trifling, as appears from the Secretary's report.
These distant places of payment are declared by
the Secretary of the Treasury to have been aoon-
venience to the Treasury and a benefit to the pub-
lic service.
It is no doubt true that these transactions were
beneficial to the bank; but it does not follow from
this that they were disadvantageous to the Treas-
ury. It may also be conceded that Mr. Biddle
speaks of them as having been highly satisfactory
to him, and somewhat in a strain of exultation
and boasting. This is a weakness of some men
possessing talents of a certain description. In the
same letter, in which he speaks of the pacification
between the bank and the Treasury, he very mod-
estly claims the sole merit, not only of having sus-
tained American credit in Europe, but of having
brought about the resumption of specie payments
by the banks, which restored the currency; not-
withstanding every well-informed man in the
Union knows that he placed himself at the head
of the non-resuming banks, and brought all his
power and influence into requisition to prolong
the suspension. Mr. Biddle also boasts that the
transactions as to the bonds, brought the Treas-
ury into cooperation with the bank in restoring
the currency. This is a mere inference of Mr.
Biddle from the facts. But if it.had any found-
ation, why should the Senator condemn it, when
he has so repeatedly and earnestly urged the neces-
sity of a cooperation on the part of the Treasury.
There have been other instances of this weak-
ness still more conspicuous. All must recollect
that some years since a distinguished Minister of
the United States to one of the first Powers in
Europe, negotiated a convention of indemnity,
highly honorable to the country and to himself,
but was so unfortunate as to boast in some of his
communications of his having overreached and
outwitted the French Government; ar.d in conse-
quence of this unfortunate indiscretiont the country
came near being involved in a war with one of
the most powerful nations on the globe. 1 do
not allude to this byway of censure, but only for
illustration, and to show that other great men, as
well as Mr. Biddle, have sometimes fallen into
this unfortunate error. I have now, sir, exam-
ined the facts of the several transactions which
have been made the subjects of such severe cen-
sure and condemnation. It only remains for me
to consider the more general charges contained in
the more comprehensive question, whether these
facts sustain the charges against the Administra-
tion, contained in the speech of the Senator, made
in advance of the facts. It has been emphatically
asserted that the documents accompanying the
report, triumphantly sustained, not only all the
specific charges, but all the inferences, deductions,
and imputations made in advance of the report.
What, sir, are those charges? There are three
only which I shall notice, passing overall of less
importance, and the numerous imputations and in-
sinuations with which the speech abounds. The
first which I will notice, is, that the Secretary of
the Treasury has restored the connection between
the Treasury and the Bank of the United States;
