1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
25th Conc....3d Sess.
Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Fry
Ho. of Reps.
ion of the Secretary of War, and we have been
compelled to submit to it, because we could do no
better. This bill, therefore, can by no possibility
do any harm. It may be made so explicit as to
direct the Secretary in future to carry out the evi-
dent intention of the actof 1836. Should the Sec-
retary be right, however, in his construction of the
act of 1830, then this bill will authorize him to
depart from-the strict construction; and if the pub-
lic service can or will be promoted by bringing the
road or any part of itwithm the State of Arkansas,
he can do so without the violation of any law or
principle. The necessity of the case, makes this
bill necessary, and of the utmost importance to the
citizens of Arkansas. The act of 1836 requires
that the road should cross the Arkansas river,
when the new post is established, now Fort Smith,
which is established immediately on the western
boundary. In running north, along the western
boundary of Arkansas, to the new post on the Illi-
nois, and from thence to Fort Leavenworth, the
road, if made altogether in the Indian country,
must lean in a western direction, leaving the State
)me at one or more points, some fifteen or twenty
miles west, to avoid the mountains crossing the
line and running from west to east, which will in-
crease the distance some twenty miles or more in
the space of fifty miles, when they again strike the
State line, and continue along or nearit until they
reach Port Leavenworth. By passing within the
State, the road, after leaving Fort Smith north, can
keep near the State line and on good ground and
at a small distance, until they bear east of the
boundary line more than three miles, and u large
portion of the rest will be on the line or in the In-
dian country still. This arrangement will shorten
the distance, save a large sum of money in open-
ing the road, and when opened it will be equally
as good, if not better. Upon the scoreof economy,
therefore, it is desirable that the road should be
made as is now suggested; and it is moreover due
to the people of Arkansas that it should be thus
constructed, because it was the intention of Con-
gress, by the act of 1836, to bring the whole within
the State, and they have been deprived of it by the
construction of the Secretary of War.
Of so much of the bill as relates to the repeal of
the act of 1836, which requires the Secretary of
War to abandon Fort Gibson, I have but little to
say. In justice, however, to the committee who
reported the bill, and in justice to the Secretary of
War, I have no hesitation in saying that Fort
Gibson holds the keys to the whole Indian coun-
try. As a post to protect the Indians from aggres-
sion among themselves, and keep in check the
united Indians west of the Arkansas, (the Paw-
nees, Pickaways, and Camanches,) whom we arc
bound in duty, and by our treaty stipulations to
protect, Fort Gibson, from its position, is em-
inently calculated to afford all the protection that
can be required, by our interest and the interests
of the Indians themselves. Independently of any
other consideration, the post is of general national
importance, and should not be abandoned till our
Indian relations are rendered, by time and the
progress of civilization, far more pacific than they
now are. The objection that has been urged
against the continuance of that post, that the new
garrison established the last session on the Arkan-
sas river, (Fort Smith,) of itself affords sufficient
protection, is considered by all familiar with the
situation of the country, inconsistent with the
facts of the case, inconclusive, unsatisfactory, and
unfounded in fact. It was based on selfish con-
siderations. The position of Fort Gibson, above
all others, is the most important and commanding
for the defense of the citizens of Arkansas. It is
immediately on the Arkansas river, where troops
can ascend directly to the Indian country. It
is a post where the Indians must pass in times
of invasion to reach the citizens of Arkansas; and
to the Government it is a post that can be ap-
proached with steamboats during the boating sea-
son, with arms, men, and supplies. That work
will now progress, and should be finished in a
manner to give protection to the citizens in that
portion of the State. If this bill should pass, the
Secretary of War will be authorized to occupy
Fort Gibson, which I believe is important, not
only to the Indians, but to the peace and security
of the western frontier.
SWAItTWOTJT'S DEFALCATION.
SPEECH OF HON. JACOB FRY,
op pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 1839,
On the Resolution providing for the appointment
of a Select Committee on the  subject of the
Swartwout and other Defalcations.
Mr. FRY said: Some ten days after his arrival
at this place, to attend the present session of Con-
gress, he found in the post office of the House
of Representatives a newspaper directed to him,
which, upon opening, turned out to be the "Eman-
cipator,"a paper published in New York, and
devoted to the cause of Abolition. In that paper
he found copious extracts from a speech delivered
by a member of this House before a meeting of
his constituents at Vicksburg, Mississippi. In
that speech, the gentleman was made to have said
" that the Jldminiiiralion party in this House were
without any leader of any capacity."
Mr. PRENTISS here rose, and called on Mr.
Fry for the paper, or to restate what he (Mr. P.)
was represented as having said.
Mr. FRY said he had thrown the paper away,
and had not seen it since, and could therefore not
produce it; but, according to his recollection, the
words used were precisely those which he had
mentioned.
If this be the fact, as represented by the gentle-
man from Mississippi to his constituents, that we
are without " any leader of any capacity," then, I
take it, it becomes every friend of the Administra-
uon in this House to set up for himself; and, in
that view of the matter, I hope the House will
bear with me while I address them under this new
order of things.
Mr. Speaker, the times are fruitful. Less than
a year ago, when now and then the sound of a
Whig victory rushed in upon us here, it was re-
markable to witness in this House the good feel-
ing, the joyous anticipations, the bright prospects,
that appeared to be opening to our Whig friends.
Sir, they were so full of victory, and so elated
with success, that a good honest Democrat, could
hardly live with them. My worthy friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Southgatb] came to me one day,
soon after the Baltimore election for a member to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Mr. McKim, and says, friend Fry, really in the
course of another yeai, there will not be left of
you Locofocos enough to constitute a respect-
able corporal's guard. My respected friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Cusiiing,] who, at the last
two sessions of Congress, sat near me, and who
knew 1 was a German, and frequently saw me
reading German newspapers, would occasionally
tell me he also knew a little German, (which he
always took care to repeat when speaking of our
political prospects,) and that was, "ganzis vol-
oren" Si gauzes voloren"—'^ all lost," '• all lust."
Well, sir, I bore it with a Christian's fortitude,
awaiting the realities of a coming futurity to en-
able me to return my compliments.
Sir, we had not proceeded far m that coming
futurity before my expectations were realized.
Even since the termination of the last session of
Congress, what has transpired? The Whig vic-
tory in Maine, (supplying the place of the lamented
Cilley,) which gave the first impulse to these ex-
ultations, turned out but to be the precursor to
their total defeat in that State; the Whig victory
in Baltimore, which (according to an account I
read in some Whig paper) had such a wonderful
effect upon the money market at Pittsburg, turned
out to be buta little in advance of the regeneration
of the gallant State of Maryland. And the great
speech of my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bond,]
which it was said was circulated by hundreds of
thousands ail over this country, and which was to
tear up by the root this whole Adrmnistrat.on—
this speech, too, has doneits full share in redeem-
ing the State of Ohio from the shackles of Feder-
alism. Sir, without meaning the least disrespect
towards my friend from Ohio, I have to say, from
what I have learned, that in 1836 he was elected
to Congress by an overwhelming majority, and in
1838, not long after he was delivered of his cele-
brated speech, with all necessary exertion on the
part of his friends, and with additional advantage
of a public dinner, he barely squeezed™ (scraping
both hips, as farmers sometimes say) to a seat in
the next Congress. Well, sir, the times having
changed since the termination of the last session
of Congress, methinks appearances (here at least)
have changed also; the countenances that, in and
about this Hall, less than a year ago, beamed
with joy and so often flushed with victory, have
become a little more pale and haggard-, there is
an evident fluttering and floundering here, which
manifestly shows that our Whig friends feel,
mournfully feel, that they and their cause are
rapidly sinking. Sir, the result of the last fall
elections was eminently calculated to produce this
feeling, and, but for the result of the elections in
New York, "the last and only hope" of my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] as I see expressed in
a letter of his, written some time during the fall
in answer to some invitation—I say, but for the
result in that State, our Whig friends here would
still more sensibly feel the dreadful forebodings of
utter political annihilation.
But, sir, let me say to my friend from Virginia,
and our Whig friends generally, if they calculate
upon the State of New York going against Mr.
Van Buren, they calculate without their host.
Sir, in a " fair shake," there is a Republican ma-
jority in that noble State, and there is the spirit
among our friends there, that will " never tire nor
stop to rest," until they get what is due them.
Sir, they have but to advance in the same ratio to
the next election, that they did between the last
two, and, in less than another year, modern
Whiggery there will be but a name.
But, sir, independent of all that, if even the
elements of opposition to Mr. Van Buren existed
there to any extent, they cannot there, as well as
in many other places, be combined. Sir, permit
me here to say that north of this city, Anti-Ma-
sonry and Abolition constitute too material a part
of the Opposition to be overlooked; and the Anti-
Masons and Abolitionists will not be overlooked.
And, sir, Anti-Masonry and Abolition will demand
the nomination of General Harrison; their de-
mand must, and will be, acceded to, and Whig-
gery—proud, high-minded, and exalted Whig-
gery—will have to succumb—to knock under.
Sir, in my humble opinion, the great mass of
the Whigs o'f New York will not do it. It is im-
possible; they cannot do it; and then what be-
comes of your opposition to Mr. Van Buren in
the State of New York? Sir, let us wheel, and
look a moment to the South—the gallant, the
noble, the generous South—to which we always-
have looked, and, I fear not, we always may look,
for the strictest and best Republicans in the coun-
try. Sir, let us look there, and see what the Op-
position may do against Mr. Van Buren. Sir,
the South have found, and have testified, that
the principles of the present Administration are
founded in genuineDemocraticrepublicanism; and
that these principles are their principles. They
have found that, in the measures of this Admin-
istration, they are protected, as they have a right
to be, aeainst foreign interference with their do-
mestic institutions. And, sir, speculate at this
time as you please about southern policy and
southern prospects, and about the hypocrisy of
the friends of this Administration towards the
South, you will find that when the presidential
election conies on, the South will not be willing
to yield a certainty for an uncertainty.
These self-evident truths are no doubt upper-
most in the minds of our Whig friends; and as
old "Time" comes stealing upon us, their pros-
pects become more desperate, and they themselves
become more desperate; hence, we see again, at
this short session, while all the public business is
slumbering on our table for want of action, these
gentlemen are again at the old trade of abuse; and
the cry of corruption, intrigue, defalcation, fraud,
and iniquity, and investigation, echoes and rever-
berates through this Hall. Sir, since I have been
a member of this House I have heard much of
this cry of corruption and abuses in this Admin-
istration. But what has it all amounted to? What
have gentlemen ever exhibited to thisscountry oí'
existing corruption in the Administration? What
benefit have the people received from these inveg-
