J 00
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
25th Cong...,3d Sess.
United States Bank Bonds—Mr. Wright.
Senate 
the gentleman from New York that there ara
twenty members of the party who tower, by the
head and shoulders, above the others AH I have
to say is, bring them out, show us your gems,
and we will set them in this committee, where
they shall shine before men, and their light shall
no longer be hidden by their own modesty or by
eur perversity.
UNITED STATES BANK BONDS
DEFERRED  SENATE  DEBATE.
December 20, 1838.
"The Resolutions of Inquiry, submitted yester-
day by Mr. Rives, calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for information relative to the sale
of the bonds of the United States Bank, coming
up for consideration,
Mr. RIVES went into a long detailed state-
ment of the reasons for offering them. After
which,
Mr. WRIGHT said: The Senate would not
expect him to attempt to reply to so elaborate a
speech as that to which they had just listened.
He came to his seat with no expectation of such
a debate. When the resolutions of the honorable
Senator [Mr. Rives] were offered yesterday, they
excited in his mind no anticipation that an elabo-
rate and set discussion would be entered upon at
this stage of them. They were mere resolutions
of inquiry. Their whole apparent object was to
obtain facts, to learn the truth of the matters to
which they related; and he could not have ex-
pected a debate upon the merits until the testi-
mony had been obtained.
He should not, therefore, attempt to follow the
gentleman >n bis extended remarks, or to reply to
any part pf his argument. It was his intention
to occupy but a few moments of the time of the
Senate, and to make but a few observations of an
incidental character.
When the resolutions were offered, their object
seemed to be fully and minutely expressed upon
their face, and he was glad the honorable Senator
had come forward with them The inquiries
were such as he desired might be made and fully
answered, but he could not have anticipated that
conclusions would be drawn and expressed here,
before the facts were known, or that a call for
testimony would be made to follow a judgment
upon the issue.
He was as ignorant as the honorable Senator,
[Mr. Rives,] who had spoken with so much
warmth, and m terms of such strong censure, as
to the nature, or character, or extent, of the con-
nection which had been formed between the public
Treasury and the Pennsylvania bank, nor was the
gentleman more desirous than himself that the
truth as to that connection, whatever it might be,
should be fully known; that all the facts should
be exposed to the view of the whole country; that
nothing should be hidden, or concealed, m relation
to't. Hence he was pleased to see the resolutions,
and should cheerfully vote for them.
It was true, he had learned through the public
prints, that the Secretary of the Treasury had,
during the vacation, sold one of the bonds held
against the Pennsylvania Bank of the United
States, which, by a special law parsed at the last
session of Congress, he was expiessiy authorized
to do. He had also heard through the same chan-
nel, and from the same authority, that the sale
had been made to the bank itself, to the institu-
tion against which the bond was; but the inform-
ation caused no surprise, no alarm, in his mind,
because he supposed that the state of the Treasury
and the amount of appiopnations by Congress
were such as to require the sale of at least one of
the bonds to enable the Department to pay the
public creditors. Neither had the circumstance that
the sale had been made to Mr. Biddle's bank, to
the institution which owed the debt, given him any
apprehension, "! he had been confiding enougheto
believe that the only offer, or the best offer, to pur-
chase had come from that quarter, and that, for
that simple reason, the Secretary had made the
sale there The law compelled the Secretary of ¿e
Treasury to get tne best price he could command
in the market for the bonds, in case he found it
necessary to sell them, and prohibited him, m any
event, from selhrg at a price below the par value
of the bond. Mr. W. had been credulous enough
to believe that the sale was made to the Pennsyl-
vania bank because the law compelled the Secre-
tary to sell to that institution, it making the only,
or the most advantageous, offer for the bond placed
m the market It was possible he had been too
confiding; but he had believed, when he first heard
of the sale, that this was its explanation; and he
had not now a doubt that such would prove to be
the truth of the case, whenever the Secretary of
the Treasury should have an opportunity to an-
swer the inquiries of the Senator.
if the honorable gentleman did not entertain the
same confidence in the executive officers of the
Government as himself, he could regret the fact,
but it gave him no right to complain, nor did he
complain that it was so; though when the Senator
had assumed to himself the character of an inquirer
after the facts, and then had felt at liberty, before
his inquiry was made, to draw inferences, and
pronounce conclusions of a highly censorious and
condemnatory character, which inferences and con-
clusions could, with justice, only be drawn from
the facts to be inquired after, he did feel,and must
express disappointment and regret Had it been
his case, whatever might have been his feelings
towards the executive officers concerned, however
much he might have distrusted their intelligence,
or integrity, or official faithfulness, if he had pro-
posed to inquire and to call upon them to answer,
he would have allowed them the opportunity to
answer, before he would either have censured or
condemned; and he must say, that it would have
afforded him sincere gratification, if the Senator
from Virginia had found it consistent with his
feelings and sense of duty to have pursued that
more just and generous course.
At the openingofthe honorable Senator's speech,
Mr W. was led to suppose that an opportunity
for sincere congratulation was to be afforded to
himself and the majority of the Senate. They
had long looked upon the dangers and mischiefs
attendant upon any connection between theTreas-
ury of the nation and banks of any character, as
among the most serious and alarming evils which
had grown up under the administration of our
republican system of Government, while the Sen-
ator had, heretofore, but too successfully defended
that connection His early remarks seemed to pre-
sent it now to his mind, chaiged with «inch horrible
and frightful consequences that Mr W. could not
but suppose that he,and those with whom he had
acted, were again to have the powerful cooperation
of the able Senator, m breaking up and eradicating
forever that unnatural, improper, and vicious con-
nection. In this, however, he had met hasty dis-
appointment, as it seemed to be the connection with
a single bank, and not a connection with banks
generally, which had given the Senator his deep
alarm,and drawn down upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the President, his unmeasured cen-
sures. It was a connection with Mr Biddle's
bank, with the Pennsylvania Bank of the United
States, which had thus aroused the Senator's elo-
quence and indignation.
Even here, however, Mr. W. found cause for
earnest congratulation. He well remembered that,
upon repeated occasions within the last two years,
when he, and other friends who entertained opin-
ions in accordance with his own, had made their
feeble attempts to arouse the honoiable Senator
himself, the Seiate, and the country, to a sense of
the dangers and corruptions of that giant institu-
tion, they had been calmly and confidently told
by the Senator, and others who then acted with
him, that they were practicing an imposition upon
the country; that they were attempting to conjure
up the ghost of a buried enemy—a phantom—a
mere shadow to produce alarm and apprehension;
that the Bank of the United States, in any form ot
existence, was effectually destroyed, was dead and
buried, never again to be disinterred to alarm or
injure the people, that our apprehensions were too
late, and were unreal
Notwithstanding these repeated and positive as-
surances, which, coming from the sources they
did, he always desired to consider friendly and
sincere, Mr W. had never for a moment per-
mitted himself to be misled or deceived by them.
.There never had been a moment when he had con-
sidered the dangers from that institution at an end,
or materially lessened.   The change of its form,
from a National to a State institution, connected
with the facts which accompanied and character-
ized that change, had given no relief to his appre-
hensions, and they weie now, at this moment, as
lively, and active, and strong as they had ever
been.
Not so with the honorable Senator. There had
been a time when he had considered these dangers
as not sleeping merely, but buried forever, and
that he had now again become sensible of their
existence, of their magnitude, and of their impend-
ing character, was a matter of just congratulation
to Mr. W. If they could not agree about the
banks generally, the Senator's speech of this day
had proved that about this particular banking in-
stitution they did and could agree Here again
they could meet and unite their labors for the gen-
eral benefit of the whole country. Not a man irt
these seats could have failed to feel the dangers
and mischiefs of this great banking institution, as
the Senator had so eloquently, and forcibly, and
vividly depleted them. To Mr. W. the effort had
not raised new apprehensions, but confirmed all
former impressions, and he would now promise the
Senator, and all others, his most anxious cooper-
ation in any efforts finally and forever to remove
the particular dangers so clearly pointed out, and
all dangers to our republican institutions of a like
character, come from what description of banking
institutions they might He would repeat that he
was entirely ignorant of the connection now formed
between the Treasury and this dangerous institu-
tion He was willing and desirous to let the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy answer that inquiry. He
believed it was only a connection growing out of
the sale of the bond to which he had before re-
ferred, and growing tifut of that sale in the manner
he had pointed out, that it was necessity, arising
from the law of Congress directing the sale, and
not from the choice of the executive officers. If
it was any other or different connection, he was
further ready to say that it had been formed with-
out his knowledge or consent, and should not meet
his approbation. Here he had been and was still
willing to rest his comments upon this matter.
Neither the honorable Senator nor the body he
addressed would expect him, upon an occasion
like this, to go into a general debate upon the In-
dependent Treasury bill, or to follow the Senator
through that large portion of his remarks. It had
appeared to him that the gentleman had, as he
himself admitted, indulged extensively in the wide
field of debate allowed by the courtesy of the Sen-
ate, in this part of hisspeechj but as Mr. W. had
arisen to remark upon the spirit and temper of
the speech, rather than to answer its argument in
any aspect, he should be justified in passing this-
portion without notice.
There was another feature of the address, how-
ever, which fell more appropriately than any other
within the limits he had prescribed for himself,
and which must receive attention. It was the
extraordinary position assumed by the Senator,
that the political opinions of the President, and the
course and policy of his Admimstiation, were to
be interpreted and proved by a letter from Nicho-
las Biddle, voluntarily published in the newspa-
pers of the country Was it upon such evidence
that the President of the United States was to be
judged and condemned' Was his democracy and
his attachment to republican principles to be tried
by such a test? Had his publicly expressed opin-
ions, and the public course of his whole life, au-
thorized a judgment against him upon such evi-
dence' Mr. W. had never yet seen the letter
alluded to, but he had heard of it, and he now
found the honorable Senator a perfect master of
its contents. AH this was well, as a matter with
which he had nothing to do, and about which he
felt no anxiety. All he wished to say was, that
his friends were not to be bound by its terms, its
language, or its spirit, until they were made par-
ties to it by some higher proof than the letter itself
He had never yet judged them by such a stand-
ard, nor should he ever do so, until they had been
permitted to hear and answer the charges thus
predicated.
Even this letter, however, had not answered the
purposes of the honorable Senator, and a differ-
ent, and not less singular, description of testimony
had been brought in to supply the deficiency m
the argument he had attempted to make.     What
