102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 20,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
United States Bank Bonds—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
retary for the very acts about which the resolu-
tion asks for information. It seemed to him that
it would have been quite as candid and fair to
have obtained the information first; and then to
have predicated the accusations upon it.
But what have we witnessed ? A resolution of in-
quiry is introduced, which is immediately changed
into a bill of indictment against the Administra-
tion and all its supporters. And what is the proof
by which the charges preferred in this bill of in-
dictment are attempted to be sustained ? Why, it
is the declarations and accusations of the avowed
and sworn enemies of the Administration; the
statements and charges of the most reckless and
depraved of the Opposition presses, whose voca-
tion it is to falsify and misrepresent every act and
measure of the Government, right or wrong. And
first and foremost of this formidable array of wit-
nesses, is introduced a very important person,
who has acted a conspicuous part in the seven-
years' war, to which the Senator has alluded.
This is no less a personage than Nicholas Biddle,
one of the belligerent parties to this very war.
Well, what does this witness say in support of
the gentleman's bill of indictment? Why he says
that the war between the Government and the
bank has ceased; that peace, or at least a truce,
has taken place; that he had a negotiation with
the Government, and purchased in his bonds; and
that the Government has treated him very fairly.
Now, sir, (said Mr. N.,) although I have no
fault to find with this testimony, yet, as the Sen-
ator boasted that this witness stood so high in
reputation that he could not be impeached, he was
disposed to offer a witness standing equally high
to impeach him. The witness he had to offer was
this same Nicholas Biddle, who, in his celebrated
manifesto, issued on the 5th of April last, gave his
testimony regarding this war. He said that it was
a war carried on by the Government, against the
"credit system;" that both parties were in the
field face to face; that it was a life and death strug-
gle; a war of extermination, in which there could
be no compromise or accommodation, butthatone
or the other must fall. Now, according to this
witness last April, there can have been no peace
or truce between the Government and the bank,
much less an alliance offensive and defensive, as
the Senator intimates. If the assertions of Mr.
Biddle, at one time, are in direct contradiction to
his statements at another, according to the rules
of testimony he was a discredited witness, and
his testimony must go for nothing.
Of the other witness, on whom the Senator has
relied to support his charges against the Adminis-
tration, consisting of the Baltimore Chronicle and
other Opposition presses, he was not disposed to
speak. If the Senator looks to such sources for
correct information concerning the acts of the ex-
ecutive officers, he was not disposed to follow him
into that field. How long the Senator had been in
the habit of judging of the measures of the Admin-
istration, from information derived from such
sources, Mr. N. could not say; but he believed
the time was not distant, when the Senator had as
little confidence in the statements of these honest
bank organs, as he had himself.
This, Mr. President, is the testimony on which
such serious charges are made against the Ad-
ministration, and sustained with so much earnest-
ness and warmth. And not only have the past
acts of the Executive and Secretary been con-
demned on intelligence derived from such sources,
but the future and intended measures of the
Administration are ascertained from the same
honest channels of information. Looking at the
Administration through such a medium, both to
discover what it has done and what it intends to
do, who ran doubt that the Senator will form a
most candid and impartial judgment of its meas-
ures and purposes.
Mr. N. said he did not propose to go into the
various matters which had been introduced into
this debate, or to notice the numerous charges
and insinuations against the Administration which
had been thrown out.
His principal object was to calt attention to
several positions which had been assumed. The
first and most important was the declaration that
the seven-years' war was at an end. That the
Government had not only given up the contest,
but had been obliged to succumb to the bank,
and had made a dishonorable peace, and even
entered into an alliance, defensive and offensive,
with the bank. He (Mr. N.) congratulated the
Senate and the country on this highly important
fact, about which he supposed there could now be
no doubt. It was announced the other day by Mr.
Biddle himself; but coming in rather a question-
able shape, and, connected with other marvelous
statements of the doings of the bank, many
doubted it. It is now, however, confirmed by
the honorable Senator from Virginia; and by the
mouth of two witnesses every fact shall be estab-
lished. Surely, sir, it should be a subject of
general rejoicing that this long controversy is
closed; that this seven-years'war is terminated;
that peace again reigns in our borders. For
several years past, and particularly during the
extra and the last session of Congress, we heard
little else from the other side of this Hall, whether
from the large or small division of the Opposition,
but war speeches and panic speeches. The war
of the Government upon the banks was held up
to the country as the most alarming state of
things; as having occasioned the prostration of
credit, the derangement of the currency, the sus-
pension of the banks, the ruin of commerce, and
the entire business of the country. Even our
civil institutions, and the liberties of the country,
were to be overthrown by this cruel and relent-
less war which the Government was waging
against the banks. The most eloquent appeals
were made to the people to arouse from their
lethargy, and interpose their mighty arm before
it was too late, and save their dearest interests
from destruction. The interest of the banks was
the interest of the people; and a war upon the
banks was a war upon the people—a war which
affected every class and every interest; the rich
and the poor, the high and the low, the capitalist
and the laborer, all were suffering, languishing
under the effects of this ruinous and destructive
war upon the banks and the credit system.
This is the language, sir, which but a few
months since was almost daily heard within these
walls. Hostility to the banks and the credit
system was the great and besetting sin of the
Administration, which swallowed up all others.
But what do we hear now from the same quarter?
Why, sir, will it be believed when it goes forth to
the country that a Senator, who was most zealous
and constantin declaring and repeating the charges
of hostility to the banks, is now the first to arraign
and condemn, unheard, the same Administration
for having terminated a war which was declared
to be so destructive to the best interests of the
country, of having succumbed to the monster,
and made a dishonorable peace, and formed a
dangerous alliance with himr
What, sir, are we to think of this ? Were gen-
tlemen then sincere? Did they really believe in
the actual existence of a war, prosecuted by the
Government against the banks and its ruinous
consequences, which filled them with such fearful
apprehensions; or were they attempting to hold up
this bugbear to frighten the people, to alarm their
imaginations, to exasperate their feelings, the
more effectually to enlist them in the only war
which had any real existence in fact—a war by
the politicians, aided by the banks, upon the Ad-
ministration and a majority of the people who
sustained it?
Surely, sir, if the gentlemen believed in the ex-
istence of the bank war, of which they have had
so much to say, and the evils of which they have
portrayed in such glowing colors, they should be
the first to rejoice at the return of peace; at a
restoration of a good understanding between the
Government and the banks.
These gentlemen of the armed neutrality appear
to be very difficult to please.    During the last two
sessions the whole burden of their complaints was
the hostility of the Administration to the banks; !
and now they arraign the same Administration, I
pursuing the same general policy, for being too j
friendly to the banks, and for forming an alliance
with Mr. Biddle's bank.    But whether these neu- !
trality politicians are pleased with this new aspect i
of things or not, it must be gratifying to all who I
have confided in their speeches and declarations !
heretofore, to learn that this great source of danger i
and mischief to all their interests—the bank war— ¡
is at an end.                                                                  '
Mr. N. said there was another point which
seemed to be concealed in this debate, which he
also thought a subject of just congratulation, it
was that the danger of a Treasury bank, which
was so alarming at the last session, had entirely
disappeared. Thecountry had escaped thatawfu'
peril. We were then told that that " execrable
measure, "the Independent Treasury, would result
in a Treasury bank springing from the revenues
of the Government and the drafts and transfers oi
the Treasurer. The Sub-Treasury plan has been
in practical operation during the past year, and
does not appear to have resulted in a Treasury
bank. Instead of that we are now told of an
alliance between the Treasury and the Bank of the
United States.
There was another subject of congratulation,
which, if not conceded in the debate, was, he
thought, fully established by what we have wit-
nessed on this occasion. He alluded to the " half-
way house." That was gone, demolished, and
swept away with the bank war and the Treasury
bank. Sir, it is gone: not a vestige of it remains;
and its tenants made a timely retreat from it be-
fore its fall, and passed on to the end of the road
in which they had started, and have now arrived
at the marble palace, where they were, no doubt,
kindly received by the old occupants, with the
friendly salutation, " Gentlemen, we arehappy to
see you; will you please be seated, and make
yourselves at home."
These changes were all important; he rejoiced
at them, and did not doubt that thecountry would
rejoice. We have got clear of the bank war, of
the imminent danger of a Treasury bank, and of
the half-way house, which was an obstacle on al!
sides; the coast now seemed to be pretty much
clear. We have, however, it seems, an armed
neutrality, a belligerent peace party, or neutrals
who cooperate with one of the belligerents. Of the
" armed neutrality,"of which the Senator from
Virginia seems to admit himself the head, he would
say nothing, as he did not perhaps understand its
true character. But he knew something of neutral
politicians, whether armed or unarmed; he had
watched the course of them for thirty years; and
from the days of Aaron Burr to the present time,
they had always been the same. The history of
one was the history of all. He knew well what
their neutrality was in its first, second, and third
stages. All deserters from the Democratic party at
first assume the character of neutrals, or no-party
men; and whilst in this transition state, which
was sometimes a longer and sometimes a shorter
period, they carry on a war against their old
friends and old principles, under their old fiag.
This, sir, has been the course of neutral and no-
party politicians in this country. Whilst maintain-
ing the character of atmed neutrals, they fight
under a piratical flag; and at the end of six months
or one year, they throw to the winds the Demo-
cratic banner, and take their station in the ranksof
their former enemies; when after having, for some
brief months, declaimed eloquently against party
and party spirit, they become the most intolerant,
malignant, and persecuting partisans the country
has ever witnessed. Forthe truth ofthis statement,
he appealed to the political history of the country;
he appealed to existing facts. Look round these
Halls; look into the State Legislatures; cast your
eye over the whole country; take a view of recent
alarming scenes which are now enacting in one of
the great States of this Union, and then say who
are the most violent, unscrupulous, and reckless
political partisans in thecountry; who push selfish
party measures to the greatest extremes, breaking
over the barriers of the Constitution and laws, and
trampling right and justice under their feet? It
will be found, sir, in almost every instance, that
the bold, daring, and reckless politicians, are de-
serters from the popular cause, and at some short
period have declai med eloquently against the abuses
of party. Mr. N. said he spoke of general princi-
ples, but made no application of them; he passed
no judgment upon the motives and purposes of
any one; he presumed all here to be actuated by
high and honorable motives.
The Senator from Virginia concluded with an
eloquent appeal to the friends of the Administra-
tion to throw aside their groveling, selfish , party
purposes, to break asunder the trammels of party,
and elevate their views to the great interests of
