1839.]
APPENDIX TO TÜE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
25th Cong....3b Sess.
Public Defaulters—Mr. Duncan.
Ho. or Reps.
in his own heart to destroy and cut off all nations.
What, then, will be the issue of this kind of con-
test between the designs of the Almighty and those
of this prince? At the time he fancied himself al-
ready possessed of Jerusalem, the Almighty, with
a single blast, disperses all his proud hopes, de-
stroys in one night a hundred and four-score thou-
sand of las troops—putting a hook in his nose,
and a bridle in his lips, (as though he had been a
wild beast,) he leads him back to his own domin-
ions, covered with infamy, through the midst of
those nations, who, but a little before, had beheld
him in all his pride and haughtiness. How was
it with the Federalists in 1837, on hearing of their
victories? These are the results of our strength;
it is done by our own power, for we are mighty.
One gentleman [Mr. Cushing, of Massachusetts]
said, in substance, in the name of the rest of the
Federalists, that the Democracy in Maine had
fallen before the power of Federalism like grass
before the scythe. But what did all this vain boast-
ing amount to ? We will see in the end. A Bel-
shazzar feast was held at Faneuil Hall. Daniel,
(not the prophet,) with all his officers and minions
assembled, and, after being harangued by Daniel
and other Federal high priests, retired to a place
appointed, where the history of the times say there
were twelve hundred and three-score bottles of
champagne in readiness for the feast; all drank
and all " breathed deeper and freer than they had
ever done." But, in the midst of their reveling,
a handwriting was seen on the wall, and when dis-
covered, it disclosed the appalling fact that Mis-
souri had closed her elections, and that the De-
mocracy had gained a triumphant victory over the
Federalists. This produced consternation and dis-
may. But the revelers received that kind of con-
solation that the queen-mother Nictoris gave her
son Belshazzar—that was, that Missouri was ex-
pected to be Democratic. " Solitary and alone"
ruled that State; all expected that the Federalists
would be defeated. So they were comforted, and
the feast went on. But hardly had they taken the
next glass, when a voice thundred at the gates—
the Federalists have been routed in Maine horse,
foot, and dragoons, and more than five thousand
left dead on the field. Consternation had not time
to subside, when a courier rushed upon them with
the intelligence that a battle had been fought in
Maryland, and the Federalists had been routed
with dreadful slaughter. On the heels of this death-
dampening news came on another courier with the
news that the Keystone in the arch of the Union
had been replaced, and that a pitched battle had
been fought between the Federalists and the Dem-
ocrats of Pennsylvania, and that the former were
overthrown,and sixor eight thousand slaughtered;
close to this intelligence, followed one from Ohio,
with the news that a pitched battle had been fought,
and theshinplasterGovernor had been overthrown
and upwards of fourteen thousand of his Federal
troops inhumanly andindiscriminatelyslaughtered,
and his whole Conservative troops cut off, not
one man of the self-styled " Spartan band," was
left to take the news of the sad disaster to Laceda>
mon; close on this disaster followed the news
from South Carolina and New Jersey, with the
melancholy intelligence of the almost entire over-
throw of Federalism m both these States; in the
latter, over a thousand Federalists were put to the
sword; last, though not least, came a courier from
Delaware, bearing the proud banner of Democracy,
with the inscription of victory, and the overthrow
of Federalism ! Federalism was overcome. The
knees of the bacchanalians, Belshazzar hke,smote
together. The air sickened; dumbness and horror
reigned; the wine-cup dropped from the pale and
quivering lip; the Euphrates was turned from, her
channel; the Persian troops marched in dryshod;
the walls were demolished, the citadel seized, and
the city of Federalism was destroyed, and its citi-
zens put to the sword ! How does this prostration
compare with the vain boastings of the Federalists
one year before, and how very insignificant is the
small and temporary Federal victory in New York,
when compared with such a succession of tri-
umphs, gained upon principle, and under the broad
strioes of the banner of Democracy.
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Pken-
tiss,] after attempting to expose what he sup-
poses to be corruptions of this Government, says
that they grow out of the maxim and the watch-
word, that to the victors belong the spoils. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] says that
no reformation can be expected while there are so
many hungry expectants. There is not a day
nor an hour that passes hut we hear some taunt
about the spoils party, hungry expectants, office-
holders, the army of office-holders, &c. Sir, I
think I once before was compelled to notice this
hypocritical whining about office-holders. Where,
I ask again, did we ever hear of a free Govern-
ment without office-holders. What do gentlemen
mean when they talk -<bout the army of office-
holders? Are there more officers than are wanted
to manage the Government? Then let them be
pointed out and removed. If gentlemen, whoare
constantly harping about office-holders, know of
any superfluous ones, they are bound, m duty to
themselves and to their country, by the nature of
their office, and the oath they have taken to dis-
charge the duties of the office, to point them out,
and to take such order as would cause the instant
removal of such worthless drones upon the public
store-house. Is the number of officers too great?
are they derelict in duty ? or are their salaries too
high ? All these evils can be remedied if they ex-
ist; and I invite gentlemen, who are evaporating
so much of the public money by denouncing the
office-holders, the spoils party, the hungry ex-
pectants, &c., to point out the evil specifically, and
recommend the remedy. I will be foremost in
carrying that remedy into immediate practice.
But, sir, I am inclined to think that constant and
incessant yelp about office-holders does not grow
out of the fact that such evils as I have repre-
sented exist. It is because the Democracy have
the ascendency, and the Federalists cannot occupy
all the offices, and all the spoils themselves. This
is the cause of all the Federal whimpering about
office-holders and spoils party.
What is the course of the Federalists when and
where they have the ascendency? So far as my
experience goes in my State, the Federalists clear
the chess-board of every man who is tainted with
Democracy, whenever they have the ascendency,
when it can be done without prejudice to their
party. I have been informed that, under the late
Federal-Ritner power, almost every Democrat
went by the board, who came under the Execu-
tive control, even down to the laborers on the
public works. I may be in error; if so, some
gentleman from Pennsylvania can correct me. 1
have little doubt but that the Federal reformation
system will be carried to the full extent in New
York, during the short time the new powers will
be permitted to flutter in that State.
But, sir, I come now to speak of the charges of
corruption, profligacy, panic, and ruin, which have
been rung in our ears until our hearing has been
wounded and our stomachs nauseated. This howl
of panic, ruin, and corruption, has been a stand-
ing mean used by the Federalists from the com-
mencement of this Government to this time. Itis
a howl like that of no beast on the face of the earth,
but that which makes it. It is the howl of a dem-
agogue, and is used for the purpose of political
deception. It varies in its tone. It is sometimes
boisterous and terrific; it is sometimes more like
the piteous and deceptive cry of the crocodile. It
varies with the causes that operate upon the dem-
agogues who make it. Sometimes it proceeds from
a robust political desperado, but more generally
from the lean, lingering, lank office-seekers; and
the time was when this howl had some effect with
the people; but their howl of corruption! corrup-
tion ! has become like the cry of wolf, wolf! The
people know the object, and by whom the howl
is made. They give it no attention. Thecharge
of corruption, panic, and profligacy, and its repe-
tition, constituted one half that was said by the
Opposition at the last and the extra session, and
cost the people of this Government more than
Stephen Girard's estate was worth at his death.
These charges against the Administration were
considered and investigated by the people, and
with a full knowledge of the fitcts upon which they
were founded, and with a discriminating mind,and
a sound judgment, which rarely ever errs when |
unclouded by falsehood or undeceived by misrep-
resentation, have expressed a deliberate opinion,
through the ballot-boxes, that the charges of cor-
ruption, profligacy, and panic, are false. They j
are a base slander upon the Administration, anda ;
libel upon the ptopk, so far as panic is concerned,
and made for political effect, to advance Federal-
ism. But, sir, it is time for me to raise the gen-
eral issue with the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Prentiss,] and to present such facts as will
sustain my plea. The gentleman, in the. outset
of his long speech, said that there were corrup-
tions and base frauds committed by the officers of
this Government, and that the Administration and
the heads of Departments were cognizant of them,
connived at them, participated in them, and were
morally involved in all the guilt and crime con-
nected with them. This was his declaration; and
that he would present such an array of facts in
support of his charges, that no one dare contradict
him, nor deny the charges that he had thus pub-
licly, and from his place, made. Now, sir, I, on
behalf of this Administration, join issue with the
gentleman, and plead thegerterai issue "not guilty."
I have seen and heard the "array of facts" which
the gentleman has brought forward to sustain
the charges contained in his declaration, and I
heard with patience and attention the gentleman's
comments upon his array of facts; and I dare say
that the charges are notsustained. I daresay that
the Administration, or the heads of Departments
thereof, are not "guilty." I admit,that abuses
have existed, and frauds upon the Government
committed by some of its officers. But I-dare say
the Administration, or the heads of Departments
thereof, were not cognizant of them, did not par-
ticipate in them, did not conniveat them.andare
not morally involved in the guilt connected with
them; all these I dare say, and there are some other
things I dare say. I dare say that more faithful,
economical, and prudent executive officers* so far
as the heads of Departments are concerned, never
administered this Government, than those of the
present Administration. I dare say two thirds of
all the public defaulters and fraudulentspeculators,
from the commencement of the Government to this
time, and particularly in this and the last Admin-
istrations, were Federalists in principle, as they
were scoundrels in practice, and violent opposers
of the Democratic principles, party, and adminis-
trations.
Further, I dare say that there have been fewer
official frauds and defalcations in this and the las'
Administrations, (and 1 speak with reference >o
the length of this Administration,) in proportion
to theamount of public revenues collected and dis-
bursed, by more than two hundred per cent. thaR
existed under any preceding Administrations.
Further, I dare say that more than nine tenth 
of all the money out of which the Government
has been defrauded originated by the banks and
the connection of the Government with them, ano
with the importing merchants and the credit sys-
tem—all darlings with the Federalists, and a par*
of the party and the whole of their policy. Sir.
the charge of fraud and corruption is made upoB
the Administration generally, and particularly
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Wood-
bury. These are grave charges against high, dis-
tinguished, and responsible officers of this Gov
ernment, and if true, are matters of grave import,
in which the whole community have the deepest
interest. If those who make them are sincere,
and make them in good faith, they are solemnly
bound, by the nature of their oath and the duties
of their office, to prefer articles of impeachment.
But, sir, I dare say further, that that will not be
done, although gentlemen say that Mr. Woodbury
stands convieted by his own reports-, yes, he
stands convieted by evidence " out of his own
mouth." Yet, sir, on behalf of Mr. Woodbury,
and without conference with him, or his consent
to throw down the glove, I challenge any member
of this House to prefer articles of impeachment
against him. Sir, the Opposition could do nothing
which would please Mr. Woodbury better. Sir,
there is no man in this House that would not recoil
at the thought of the indignation of a liberal and
an honest community that must rest upon the
head of him who would be foolhardy enough to
prosecute such an adventure upon an individual
whose merits secure him so large a portion of the
public confidence and good feeling. And as ban-
tering, daring, and boisterous assertion is the
order of the day, and one of the modes of argu-
ment in this House, and as 1 have as gooda-right
to participate in th¡3 new mode of discussion as
