1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lit
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Salt Duty—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
also, did the whole Whig mercantile interest of
New York city unite in recommending a man who
had such native suspicions surrounding him' we
could retort. We might assert that there must
have been a conspiracy to defraud the Govern-
ment between Swartwout and the Whig mer-
chants of New York, and we might embrace
some Whig Senators in the conspiracy. All this
we might do, and make out as strong a case of
conspuacy as the Opposition can make of " con-
nivance " But, sir, we are incapable of making
such a charge, as the New York merchants and
Whig Senators are incapable of entei ing into such
a conspiracy.
Mr Speaker, I hope the leading measures
recommended in the President's message will be
carried out. I look upon them all as of vast
importance to the interests of the country, but
more particularly that which relates to the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, and faithful disbursement of
the public revenue It seems to me that the highest
interests of the country require that that policy
should be the policy of the country—I mean the
establishment of an Independent Treasury. Jus-
tice to the laboring tax-payer requires it. Every
interest, whether commercial, mercantile, manu-
facturing, agricultural, or mechanical, and all other
institutions, which have an mtere tin a sound
currency, and the faithful performance of public
and private contracts, require it But, above all,
the financial interest involved in the management
of this Government imperiously demands it; for
so long as the present system of the connection of
the Government with the banks continues, the
Government and the honest laborer must continue
to be the prey of the lounging loafer, the stock-
jobbing gambler, and the official peculator.
SALT DUrY.
REMARKS OF HON. J. M. NILES,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In Senate., January 29, 1839,
On the motion of Mr. Benton for leave to intro-
duce a bill to repeal the Duty on Salt
Mr. NILES remarked that it was not his inten-
tion to go into any general discussion of the sub-
ject of the salt duty, or that of the fisning bounties
He had risen to give very briefly the reasons for
his own course, and might, before he took his
seat, notice one or two observations which had
fallen from other gentlemen during this debate
His constituents, to a very limited extent, were
interested in the manufacture of salt, and in the
cod and mackerel fisheries, but the whale fishery
was th principle interestm his State Theaboli-
tion of the duty on salt and of the fishing bounty
is a question of general interest to the whole
Union, but more particularly so to some of the
eastern States
He looked at the question, however, upon gen-
eral principles, and at the proper time should be
in favor of an inquiry into the subject, and prob-
ably of abolishing the duty, yet his mind was not
entirely made up on that question. He was not,
however, satisfied that it would be right or just to
repeal the duty on salt, and suffer it to remain on
other articles falling within the same category.
He concurred generally in the views of the Sena-
tor from Missouri on this subject, but could not
agree with him in the opinion that the salt duty
was one standing alone and distinguishable from
all others. Whether it was originally imposed
as a war tax or not, did not, in his judgment,
alter the case. He regarded the duty on salt as
one of a class, all of which rested on the same
principles He alluded to articles of first neces-
sity for upholding life, and which are of universal
use and consumption. Salt is an article of this
description; but it is no more so than breadstuff*.,
and fuel, and provisions. All these articles were
absolutely necessary to human subsistence, and
he should rejoice to see the duties removed from
all of them, when it could be done without injus-
tice to existing interests.
But he could not consider the duty on salt as
more objectionable than that on breadstuff's and
fuel if one was the salt of existence, the other
was the bread of life.   He could not, therefore,
See the justice of repealing the duty on one of these
articles, and leaving it upon the others. If the
duties on the whole were repealed, the operation
would be morejust and equitable, as that portion
of the population interested in the production of
one of these articles of prime necessity, would, to
some extent at least, be relieved from the loss of
the protection, by the repeal of the duty on other
articles of common use, of which they are the con-
sumers Those engaged in the manufactuie of
salt, and in the fisheries, consume the bieadstuffs,
provisions, and coal of the middle and western
¡States, which are subject to a heavy duty. Per-
haps ordinarily the duty on giam was not practi
cally felt, as the foreign article could not come in
competition with the domestic Dunng the last
two years, however, it had been otherwise, and in
1837, nearly five millions of dollars worth of gram
had been imported, subject to a duty of twenty-five
cents on the bushel of wheat
Whilst those interested in the salt manufacture,
or the fisheries, are paying a heavy duty on their
breadstuflfs and provisions, would it be just to take
away the protection which they derive from the
duty on salt, and the drawback on exported fish >
The duties of the same class, and resting on the
same principles, ought to stand or fall together
This seems to have been the sense of the Senate
on a recent occasion Two years since, he reported
a bill for abolishing the duty on foreign coal He
then thought that this duty was distinguishable
from all others, that it was not only an onerous
tax on an article of first necessity for the support
of life, but that it was absolutely oppressive to the
poor That duty is certainly vastly more burden-
some to the poorer class in our cities than the salt
duty A family which might consume three
bushels of salt, could not possibly get through the
year with less than four or five tons of coal, sub-
ject to a duty of near two dollars per ton The
duty in one case would be twenty cents, and in the
other eight or ten dollars This would be the duty
actually paid, but the tendency of the coal duty
at particular seasons, when the navigation was ob-
structed, was to favor the vile system of regrating
and monopoly, which at times had raised the price
of the article nearly one hundred per cent above
its ordinary value. He had also supposed that
domestic coal was sufficiently protected, from the
bulkiness of the article and the expense of the im-
portation.
But when this subject was brought before the
Senate, a decided majority of this body were
opposed to interfering with the duty, some on
the ground that it would interfere with the com-
promise act, and others because they deemed it
unjust to repeal the duty on a single article, and
thought it better that the matter should rest until
there was a general revision of the tariff, which,
it seems to be generally supposed, must take place
prior to 1842 If this policy was correct two
years ago, it was more so now, when the time
was so near at hand when a geneial revision must
take place He could not consider the reasons
for repealing the salt duty, as stronger than those
for abolishing the duty on coal. The first, it is
true, is of more general consumption, but it is
much less burdensome
Whenever thegeneral revision of the tariff shall
engage the attention of Congress, he hoped to see
the duty removed from all that class of articles
constituting the primary necessaries of life whether
for food or fuel. But such revision is not now
proposed, and cannot be made at this time As
to what is called the compromise act, that was
no obstacle with him. He looked to it only as
fixing the time, and that was near at hand, when
the whole of your impost duties must be reex-
amined and readjusted. When that time came,
it would not be his fortune to have a seat in this
Hall; yet he hoped that the subject would be
approached and examined with that spirit of com-
promise in regard to the interests of all sections
of the country, which, on occasions heretofore,
had enabled us to overcome all difficulties arising
from any real or apparent conflict of interests
He hoped and believed the impost duties would
be readjusted and settled upon sound principles
of discrimination, so as to sustain all important
mteiests; and that as far as shall be found con
sistent with this, all duties will be abolished upon
I articles constituting the first necessity of life, so
l as to lighten the burdens upon labor.
But although, for these reasons, he Was not at
¡ this time prepared to vote to repeat the salt duty,
or that on any othei particular article, yet he had
I no objection to the introduction of the  bill, and
the investigation and discussion of the subject.
In this lespect he concurred with the Senator
i from Maine, [Mr Williams,] as he did also in
many of his remarks
Being up, sir, I will notice a íemark oftheSen-
j ator fro v Missouri, [Mr. Benton,} who has re-
ferred to the votes of the representatives from all
the New England States on the subject of the salt
duty ¡n 1813 He has shown from the Journal
that they all voted against the duty, although con-
nected with the fishing bounty After producing
these facts, the Senator says, that in going against
the salt duty and fishing bounties, he places him-
self on New England ground. What, sir1 on the
ground New England occupied during the last war!
On the ground of New England Federalism at that
memorable crisis, as represented in Congress by
men sent here to oppose the war and thwart the
measures of the Government of their country'
Let me tell my honorable friend, (said Mr. N ,)
that that is dangerous ground for him to occupy;
and let me advise him, as he values the great rep-
utation he has with the people of this country, lo
retreat from it without delay; theie is no time to
be lost.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Davis] seemed unable, or unwilling to ac-
count for the votes of the representatives from his
own and other eastern States against the salt duty
in 1813 He could not at this distant day tell
what their motives may have been, or what eon
siderations influenced their conduct; the interests
of that section of the country may have been dif-
ferent then from what they are now Sir, Í per-
ceive that the gentleman is in a dilemma, and I
am disposed to relieve him from his embarrass-
ment I, sir, am free from any such embarrass-
ment, and know quite as well, but probably no
better than the Senator does, what were the con-
siderations which occasioned the opposition of the
New England members in 1813 to the salt duty
and fishing bounty. If the gentleman would ex
amine the legislative archives of his own State,
he would there find an explanation of this matter,
in that memorable resolution, passed about the
period referred to, and since, if he mistook not,
expunged, which declated that the war was nn-
natural and unjust, and " that it was unbecoming
a moral and íeligious people to rejoice at the suc-
cesses of their country in a wicked and ruino-üs
war."
Here, sir, is an explanation of the matter.   The
salt duty was proposed, among others, as a War
tax, it was designed to raise a revenue to maintain
your armies in the field, and to sustain the country
m that great struggle.   But the Senator's constitu-
ents were so conscientious and   scrupulous, so
moral and religious, that they could not, in any*
way, aid in carrying on what they professed to
regard as an unjust and wicked war.   They were
too moral to aid their country in a great crisis,
when snuggling for her very existence, but it did
not conflict with their principles of morality or
patriotism to stir up a spirt of factious opposition
to the Government, calculated to distract the public
councils, to paralyze its measures, and to encour-
age the public enemy to persevere in his hostile
designs     Although Massachusetts took the lead
i, in the factious proceedings of that<lay, still a spirit
¡ of alarming disaffection pervaded all the eastern
| States.   And hence it was that their representa-
! uves in Congress voted against the duty on salt
and the fishing bounties, although a measuiefavor-
1 able to the interests of that section of the country,
I because it was a war measure, and designed to
provide the means to feed and clothe your armies,
and sustain the national credit     There has? been
I no essential change in the pursuits or interests of
that section in these respects; the fishing business
and the salt manufacture were as important then
as they are now, and had as strong claims to pro-
tection     He had deemed this explanation of the
I votes of the eastem members in 1813 important;
j because if, from a mere spirit of factious apposi-
tion to the Government  they had suffered them-
