1839.                                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.            „,                               129
25th Cong....3d Sess.           Collection and Disbursement of the Revenue—Mr. Hunte
Ho. of Reps.
from his habits and inclination, he is not disposed
to throw himself into the political arena, to con-
tend with the artful and ferocious spirits of the
Opposition, contrary to the wishes of his friends
in this House; and is unwilling to be arbitrarily
pressed into service by his enemies, to subserve
their views. The request is as reasonable as it is
honorable to the integrity of thatgentleman. Here
is another symptom of arbitrary tyrannical rule,
that has characterized the birth of the new dynas-
ty, begotten of this holy coalition.
Now, sir, what if theSpeaker—yes, your black-
ened and foully abused Speaker—had dared to
have done such an act—to press into service, against
his will, and that of his party, to be placed on a
committee, a member of this House, who might
be deemed incompetent or unwilling to enter on
the duties assigned him ? Sir, had he dared to have
done such an act in this House, a hue and cry
of arbitrary power and corruption would have
been raised against him, that would have reechoed
and reverberated from every valley of the Missis-
sippi to the mountain tops of the Saint Croix.
Sir, you would have been hunted down, as with
blood-hounds, by those who dare now to execute
the deed themselves; and here, sir, in the face of
their own Government, and in presence of the
American people, relying upon their splendid tal-
ents, doubtless, and powers of mistification and
stultification of the American people to justify the
damnable deed; powers that I know to be great,
and I give them all credit of possessing, in a pre-
eminent degree; butin this they may find themselves
mistaken, and awful might be the visitation of a
just retribution. Why not compose this committee
of the whole of your Whig members, who are so
willing to serve on it? Are you already afraid to
select them all of your immaculate party? Do you
begin already to suspect your own innocence ?
Has conscience begun already to work within ? If
you will not give to the Democratic party such
members as they desire to be placed on the com-
mittee, and who are ready and willing to act with
you, compose it of your own members entirely.
Surely you do not suspect their purity? You have
already the whole power of the committee in your
own hands, and would now, for appearance sake,
place on it a few of our unwilling or disaffected
members, arid force them to act? What mockery!
While you retain the whole substance of the
power of the committee, you would feigningly
hold out to us and the world a shadow, for mere
appearance of being represented, by selecting men
and forcing them to act as you may think best
fitting the occasion, and best calculated to subserve
your purposes; amounting to a representation not
of ours, but of your wills.
Sir, I have done, and shall be sorry to see the
impressment of any Republican member, by his po-
litical enemies, to be made to serve against his will,
upon this or any other committee, to keep up the
mere show of impartiality and justice, when the
substance has been peremptorily refused.
COLLECTION AND DISBURSEMENT OF THE
REVENUE.
REPORT OF HON. R. M. T. HUNTER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 6, 1839.
Mr. R. M. T. Hunter, from the Select Commit-
tee to whom were referred, on the 8th of Janu-
ary, certain Resolutions in relation to the mode
of collecting and disbursing the Public Revenue,
submitted the following report:
It seems to have been the object of the resolu-
tions referred to this committee, first, to leave the
public money in the hands of the public debtor
until  actually wanted by the Government; thus
giving this portion of the capita! of the country to
the uses of the trade, at the same time that inter-
est is secured' to the public as the consideration of
its use.
Secondly, to set off periodically the liabilities to
and from the Government, by fixing certain days,
at intervals of three months, for receipts and dis-
bursements, so as to concentrate as many demands
No. 9              '
to and from the United States as may be practica-
ble at the same time and place.
Thirdly, to diminish the risk of peculation and
default on the part of public officers; first, by this
exchange of credit, which, so far as it can be
effected, accomplishes at the same process the col-
lection and disbursement of the revenue, without
affording a temptation to theft; and next, by pro-
viding for cash transactions, that the money which
passes through the hands of the public officers
shall be limited in quantity to the actual demands
to be made upon them within a period so short as
twenty days.
And, fourthly, to introduce greater order and
facility in the administration of the Treasury De-
partment, by fixing these stated periods for receipt
and disbursement, so as to enable the Secretary to
obtain adequate notice, not only of the sums due
from the Government, and of the time and place
of demand, but also of the sums due to the Gov-
ernment, and of the time and place of receipt.
These being the objects of the resolutions, the
first inquiry suggested to the committee was as to
the means, if any, of attaining them.
There can be no difficulty in arranging the re-
ceipts so as to cause the revenue from customs to
flow into the public Treasury at fixed quarterly
periods. It is supposed that the first section of
the bill herewith reported accomplishes that ob-
ject without changing the compromise act, or in
any matter affecting the great interests concerned
in it. The main questions are not only as to the
ultimate solvency of the debts thus incurred by the
merchants, but as to their punctuality in meeting
their engagements in time for the emergencies of
the system proposed by these resolutions. That
the bonds thus given would be ultimately paid,
with a very inconsiderable loss to the public, your
committee entertain no doubt. The nature of the
penalties imposed by existing laws and by the
second section of this bill, the experience of the
Government, and the high character of the Ameri-
can merchant, all justify this confidence in his
fidelity to his engagements. The act of the 2J of
March, 1799, already provides that the obligors
who fail to pay their bonds given for duties when
due, shall no longer be entitled to credit at the
custom-house. Superadd to this the summary
process given against them by the second section
of this bill, in the event of their failure to pay at
the day; and it is hardly to be supposed that the
merchant would enter into any engagements under
such penalties, which he might not surely expect
to meet at the proper time; and the more especially
when, upon so short a time as is here supposed,
he would so soon be exposed to the entire loss of
credit, and perhaps of property. It would rarely
happen that a merchant who was able to import
the goods would be unable to pay the duties in
three months from that time; and certain it is that
he would not lightly hazard his credit and prop-
erty by exposing himself to the chance of a de-
fault, made so notorious and so speedily prose-
cuted as would be the case under the existing
laws arid that now proposed. The high value
which every merchant places upon his credit for-
bids such a supposition. Indeed the experience
of our Government affords almost demonstrative
evidence of the justice of this conclusion. In
1824, William H. Crawford, then Secretary of
the Treasury, made a report exhibiting the entire
amount of losses sustained upon the bonds given
for customs, from 1789 up to the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1823. Prom this it appears that out of
$527,480,239 secured by bonds for customs during
this entire period, the loss had not exceeded
#1,575,626; whilst §758,191 only was considered
doubtful; thus demonstrating the sum lost and
doubtful not to have been more than forty-four
hundredths of one per cent, upon the amounts
collected. From 1823 to 18S8 the proportion of
loss seems to have been greater, as appears from
a report made by the Secretary of the Treasury
in the last year; but even with the addition of
this period to the former estimate, the loss will be
found to be less than one per cent. If additional
evidence of the fidelity of American merchants to
their engagements were to be required, it might be
found in the wonderful efforts which they made
amid the difficulties of the late crisis to sustain
their credit.   Of the protested bills returned to
them from abroad, w.hich were said to have
amounted to ¿£2,000,000sterling, nearly the whole
amount has been paid. A London paper has
stated the loss at less than one fiftieth of one per
cent. Looking to these facts, we feel assured that
the proposed mode of securing the public funds
i approximates so nearly to perfect safety, that we
i should find no difficulty in recommending an en-
I tire exchange of credit- for cash in collecting the
I duties, if there were any considerations of con-
| venience of political expediency which peculiarly
recommended the former mode. But, in point of
fact, the plan now proposed incurs"fewer of the
objections urged against the credit system of duties
than tha.t in present operation. It is true that a
small portion of the duties ar.e collected in' cash
under the present system; butthey beara propor-
tion to the whole amount of not more than one to
four, whilst the credit now given is for three and
six months. Under the change proposed, the
credit will never extend beyond three months and
twenty days (and rarely so long) before a partial
payment at least will be required, together with á
reexamination of the security. No case can w*el}
arise in which the credit will exceed six months,
and then only for the surplus not required at once
for the purposes of the Government. This pe-
riodical supervision of the securities For public
money, at short intervals of time, it is believed,
will render those securities not only safer than
under the present system, but sufficiently,so for
all practical purposes.
To recqmmend the proposed system, however,
it may be said that a punctual payment of these
debts, when due, will be necessary, and that th«
operation of this machinery contemplates a,greater
degree of exactness, in this respect, than is usually
found in the operations of trade. A close exam-
ination of the evidence by which we ought to oe
guided in this matter, will go far to remove this
suspicion. The repeated evidences given by our
merchants of their fidelity to their engagements,
through a long series of years, have been referred
to already. These, together with the penalties
imposed by this bill for a want of prompitude in
redeeming their obligations, seem to justify the
expectation of a sufficient degree of punctuality for
the purposes of the proposed system.
The successful operation of this system will not
require entire punctuality in the merchants, or even
a greater degree of it than has b^en usual in their
past dealings with the Government. "In theTeport
of Mr. Crawford, befofe referred to, a period df
thirty-three years is embraced, daring'which the
greatest loss ever sustained upon the bonds given'
for duties was incurred in. 1819, and, was less than'
one and a half per cent.; and here it is to be ob-
served, that the proportion of loss to the income
secured by bond in 1819 and 1820, was moré than
four times as great as the average proportionduring
the residue of the thirty-three years embraced by
this report. A deficiency so small as this would
probably be provided for, in all cases, by the esti-
mate made at the Treasury Department for the
sums to be drawn from the bonds when they are
due; but if sometimes the loss should not be cov-
ered in this way, the funds arising from the land
sales, which, for the present, are not included in
the proposed arrangement, would be available to
correct these irregularities. But even if the lands
were included within the system, there would
always be a resource in the surplus ample enough
to supply any deficiencies from defaulting debtors,
it will be perceived that the bill provides a mode
of keeping a surplus with entire convenience, and
without loss either to the Government or the com-
munity; the debtor retaining the use of the money,
and the Government drawing the interest. A
small surplus has been considered always as ne-
cessary for the safe and convenientadministration
of the Treasury Department, which occasionally
is forced to meet emergencies not easily foreseen.
This surplus had scarcely ever been less than two
millions, which, in a revenue of customs of twenty
millions, would leave ten per cent, of that amount
in the shape of a bonded surplus. Now, there is
no period in the history of our finances which
shows a deficiency of anything like ten percent,
in the payments of merchants upon their bonds'.
The greatest loss ever sustained in this way,
during the period embraced by Mr. Crawford's
