136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
25t& Comg....3d Sess.
Salt Duties—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
8on-ma<ie salt, crystalizmg under solar evapora-
tion, was the only salt that was free from poison-
ous ingredients, it was the only salt in which the
muriate efsoda became unmixed with any foreign
ingredient, all other contained slack and bittern,
which promoted instead of prevented putrescence;
and, therefore, provisions cured with such salt
could never bear long keeping, nor approach a
southern climate. Looking over the table, it was
gratifying to Bee the number of countries, and the
great extent of the line, which sent us the pure
alum salt. Commencing in the West Indies, it
ended at Constantinople, having embraced Spain,
Portugal, Italy, and the Islands of the Mediter-
ranean sea. The quantity of salt rnade by the sun
in these countries was as unlimited as was the sup-
ply of sunshine and sea-watei It could be ob-
tained from them to any possible demand, or con-
ceivable amount, and it was an almost incredible
instance of the patience of the people under op-
pression that, with this boundless supply of pure
alum salt, to be had for a few cents a bushel—the
measured bushel weighing eighty-four pounds—
at New Orleans, if free of duty, they should suffer
it to be excluded by an odious tax, and themselves
thrown upon the tender mercies of monopolizers
for an inadequate supply of base salt at fifty pounds
for the bushel, and at double, treble, and quadruple
prices! The tax was odious, infamous, and un-
just. It had not even the plea of a piotectmg
quality to recommend it, for there was too little
alum salt made in the United States to merit the
idea of a competition with that which came from
abroad. Alum salt was indispensable in the pro-
vision trade, it is not made at home, and we duve
off that, by taxation, which would come from
abroad'
But why disguise or blink the question > Why
avoid the true objection to the suppression of this
odious tax? We all see where the objection lies,
and why avoid or deny it' The fishing bounties
and allowances are the real objection, they con-
stitute the real obstacle to the suppression of the
salt tax; the receivers of these bounties and allow-
ances are the firm opposers of the repeal of the
salt laws, and that, because the bounties and
allowances are bottomed upon the salt tax, and
cannot remain if that tax is abolished The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] has denied
this position, and claimed foi these bounties and
allowances an independent existence, as an en-
couragement to the fisheries for a nursery of sea-
men, and therefore entitled to a continuance even
though the salt duties shall be abolished I differ
with him in Mo in this opinion f maintain that
these bounties and allowances originated m the
salt tax; that they were at firsta simple drawback
of the amount of duty paid on the salt which was
used in curing expoited fish, that this diawback
afterwards, at the special iequestof the fishermen,
took the form of an allowance on the tonnage of
the fishing vessel " as an equivalent for, and a com-
mutation oflht drawback," and that to obtain these
allowances, it was just as necessary as ever to
prove the use of the foieign salt upon the expoited
fish, and that the duty upon it had been actually I
paid, or secured to be paid ttat ihese bounties
and allowances were originally just as applicable
to beef and pork exported as to fish, that they
rose in amount exaitly with the increase of the
salt duties, were declared by law to exist only as
long as the correspondent duties e\isted, that
they fell with the salt tax in Mi Jefferson's time,
were revived with it at the commencement of the i
late war with Great Britain—and, in fine, that the |
allowance grows out of the tax, and has nothing I
to rest upon when that tax is withdiawn These I
are my assertions; and, almost apologizing to the
Senate for undertaking to prove positions which
every member knows to be so well founded, I pro-
ceed at once to try the issue which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] has forced upon
me, and, taking the thing from the beginning, I
shall follow it up thiough its legislative history
from the year 1789 to the present day, and verify,
by indubitable evidence, every assertion which 1
have made.
The fishing interest was one of the first, perhaps
the very first, which was ever brought before Con-
gress after the adoption of the present Constitution,
The new Government went into operation m
March, 1789, and in February, 1790, a meeting of
the owners of fishing vessels took place at Mar-
blehead,in the State of Massachusetts, and prayed
the interposition of the general court of Massa-
chusetts to obtain from the Congress of the United
States the relief and the aid which they believed
the fisheries to require. The general court me-
morialized Congress accordingly, and specifically
asked, 1. A remission of duties on all thedutiable
articles, of which salt was the chief, which were
used in the fisheries, 2. A pieference, or monop-
oly, in the home market, for the sale of their fish
by effectual duties to exclude foreign fish; 3. Im-
proved markets abroad by treaty stipulations with
foreign Powers for the favorable admission of our
fish into their ports, 4. Piemiums and bounties
out of the Federal Treasury to the fishing vessels,
in imitation of he bounties and premiums given
by England, France, and Holland to the vessels
engaged in their fisheries; 5 That the bounty in
lieu of the drawback of the duty on the salt used
in carrying exported fish, should be paid to the
owners cf the fishing vessel, instead of being paid
to the exporter of the fish These weie the aids
and relief prayed for, and of this I hold the proof
in my hands, and will now exhibit some papers
to establish what I say     Mr B  read:
" We, the subscnbers, being a committee ap-
' pointed by the owners of fishing vessels, in the
' town of Marblehead, to take into consideration
' the many grievances and burdens therod fishery
' now labors undei.and to make a statement of
' them, which statement so made to be handed to
' Colonel Glover, by him to be laid before the
' committee of the general court appointed to con-
' sider the same, do report the said statement as
'follows, viz:
" 1   Impost duties on salt
" 2 Impost duties and excise on rum, sugar,
' and molasses.
" 3   Impost on hooks, lines, and leads.
" 4. Impost on coarse woolens.
" 5. Impost on duck, cordage, and cables.
" 6. Impost on hemp, iron, and twine
" 7. Impost on tonnage and naval duties
"8. Impost on the ineffectual duties on foieign
'fish
" 9 Impost on the dulies our fisheries pay at
'foreign maikets, while the fisheries of France
' bt.ii England receive laige pnviieges and bounties
' from their Government
" 10. Impost on the heavy poll tax laid on the
' fishermen
" 11. Impost on excise on IS"ew England rum.
" It appeals to the committee, fioman exactin-
' vestigation, that the earnings and expenses of
' fishing echooneisof this town, for theyears 1787,
' 1768, and 17b9, were to the earnings of each
' schooner, vis"
'Foi the year 1787..................¿£J45
' For the year 1788...................   137
' For the year 1789.................       82
' and that tne annual average expenses of these
' vessels, inclusive of insurance was ¿£124
" It also appears that the number of schooneis
' employed in the Grand Bunk fishery, foi the
' year 1789, was one hundred and twenty-four,
' nineteen of which, were pioperty of persons not
* belonging to the town, and of which number
' thirty thiee sail have been taken out of the fish-
' ery from the declension of the business, exclusive
' of the aforementioned disadvantages.
"That the bounty granted to the fishery by
' Congress as a compensation for the duty on salt,
' this committee humbly conceive will not operate
' to that purpose so effectually, as if paid direct
' into the hands of the owners of the vessels, m-
' stead of the shippeis of the fish
" Marblehead, February 1, 1790.
Johw Glover,
Israel Forster,
Edward Fetvplace,
William Knight,
Samufl Hooper,
Robert Hooper, jr ,
William R  Lee,
Richard Pediuck,
KiOTl Pedkick,
Samuel R Gerry,
Richard James,
Joshua Orme,
"A true copy               Marston Watson.
Attest: John Avery, jr , Secretary "
"Jin, estimate of the Duties paid by the Pioputois
and Mivigatois of Fishing Vessels of sixty Jive tons
and eleven liantls.
Duty on salt...........................$80 25
Duty on rum..........................14 00
Duty on tea............................   2 64
Duty on sugar.........................    3 03
Duty on molasses......................    0 99
Duty on coarse woolens   ..............    7 33
Duty on lines, leads, and hooks..........    2 09
Duty on sail cloth, (yearly average)......    2 05
Duty on cordage, cables, (yearly average)   . 20 00
Duty on tonnage.......................    3 09
Duty on iron, (yearly average)...........    1 00
#138 00
"Which sum, divided on eleven men, is $12 05
' per man; but deducting the drawback of the duty
' on salt, it remains §57 75 on the whole, or §5 25
' on each man."
This is the list of grievances presented on the 1st
day of February, 1790, to the general court of
Massachusetts, by the owners of fishing vessels
in Marblehead, and by the general court imme-
diately communicated to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, then holding its fiist session under the
new Constitution, accompanied by a memorial in
behalf of the petitioners This memorial was re-
ferred by the House of Representatives to the then
Secretary of State, (Mr. Jefferson,) and by him a
report upon the whole subject of the fisheries, for-
eign and domestic, was made to the House at the
next session, distinguished by the depth, precision,
and comprehensiveness of knowledge which char-
acterized all the productions of that great man.
Coming to results, after a lucid historical view of
the fisheries of England, France, Holland, Spam,
and Portugal, and of the United States while col-
onies of Great Bntain, and showing that our fish-
eries possessed great inherent advantages over all
others, which must ultimately give them the mas-
tery in any fan contest, he recommended aid to
our fisheries in thiee different modes, to wit:¿raw-
back of the du'its paid by them on the articles
used in then calling, a preference m the home
maiket by duties on foreign fish, an extension of
the foieign market, by amicable negotiations or
ictaliatory exclusions; and he expressly rejected
and condemned the idea of extending support to
the fisheries by paying bounties out ot our Treas-
ury, as was done in England and other countries.
These aids, he argued, with the natural inherent
advantages of our situation for carrying on the
fisheries, would give us the mastery in that branch
of industry, ind the event has proved that he was
right The foreign fisheries have declined, ours
have flouushed, our fisheimen have the monopoly
of the home market, and they share laigely in the
maikets of other countries An extract from Mr.
Jeiferson's report will present these points with
a clearness which will show to all that our fishing
bounties and allowances are wholly bottomed
upon the salt duty.    He says.
" It will now be proper to count the advantages
' which aid, and the disadvantages which oppose,
' us in the conflict, (between our fishermen and
' those of foreign countries )  Our advantages are,
"1 The neighboihood of the great fisheries,
' which permits our fishermen to bring home their
' fish to be salted by their wives and children.
" 2 The shoie fisheries, so near at hand as to
' enable the vessels to run into port in a stoim,
' and so lessen the risk, for which distant nations
' must pay insurance.
" 3 The winter fisheries, which, like house-
' hold manufactures, employ portions of time
' which would otherwise be useless.
" 4 The smahness of the vessels, which the
' shortness of the voyage enables us to employ,
' and which consequently require but a small
' capital
" 5 The cheapness of our vessels, which do
' not cost above the half of the Baltic fur vessels,
' computing price and duration
" 6 Their excellence as sea boats, which de-
' creases the risk,and quickens the return.
" 7 The superiority of our mariners in skill,
' activity, enterprise, sobne'y, and order.
"8   The cheapness of provisions
" 9. The cheapness of casks, which, of itself,
