138                                           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              [January 24,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Salt Duties—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
This concluding section of the act (continued
Mr. B.) proves, first, that the salt tax was a war
tax, limited to the exigencies of the war, and to
cease within one year after its termination; second,
that the fishing bounties and allowances were the
appendage of the tax, and came into renewed ex-
istence with it; third, that the whole act was to
cease together; so that, if the law had expired ac-
cording to its limitation, all the fishing bounties
and allowances would have ceased at the same
time, without a particle of legislation being re-
quired to abolish these allowances.
Having made these remarks upon the act for
the revival of the salt tax and its appendages,
Mr. B. went on to point out to the attention of the
Senate the fact that this law totally omitted the
enactments in favor of exported salted beef and
pork, which began with the salt tax in 1789, and
continued with it until 1807; this act of 1813 omits
that provision,and why? For the obvious reason
that the revived act was limited to the war, and
the farmers not expecting to carry on any foreign
trade during the war, either to import foreign salt
or to export beef and pork, made no provision
for securing to themselves the bounties on these
articles; but the fishing interest of the northeast,
more provident than the farming interest of the
northwest, looked to the possibility of going on
with their trade during hostilities; and in this, as
was proved by the event, they were not mistaken!
The war with Great Britain ceased the 17ih of
February, 1815; the act then reviving the salt tax
and the fishing allowances should have ceased one
year thereafter, to wit: on the 17th of February,
1816. But the war left a great debt behind jt;
provision for the payment of that debt was indis-
pensable; duties upon imports was the source
looked to for the payment of that debt; and on the
5th of February, 1816, the heavy war duties were
continued on goods, wares, and merchandise
generally; on the 9th of the same month, the salt
tax and its appendages were also continued. This
latter act ran in these words:
"That the act entitled ' An act laying a duty on
' imported salt, granting a bounty on pickled fish
'exported, and allowances to certain vessels en-
'gaged in the fisheries,' passed the 29th of July,
' 1813, shall be, and the same hereby is, continued
' in force, anything in the said act to the contrary
'thereof in anywise notwithstanding."
Thus (continued Mr. B.) the act of 1813,instead
of expiring twelve months after the war, was con-
tinued without specification of time, but evidently
to meet the war debt; so that this act of 1813 is
now the act by virtue of which the fishing bounties
and allowances are paid. Several acts have since
been passed on the subject, but none to vary the
principle of the act of 1813. The only differences
introduced are to increase the allowances to fishing
vessels, so as to give to the small boats from five
to thirty tons, $3 50 per ton; to vessels above
thirty tons, $4 per ton; with a limitation to $360
in favor of any one vessel.
Mr. B. said he had now traced the acts allowing
these fishing bounties and allowances from the
year 1789, to the present day. He had traced all
the leading acts through all their main features;
and the result was, that those bounties and allow-
ances are the offspring of the salt duty; and they
grow out of it; have risen and fallen with it; are
dependent upon it; and cannot live one day with-
out it. These bounties and allowances are now
great; they are about a quarter of a million of dol-
lars per annum; they have taken about six millions
out of the Treasury; and the receipt of this sum
is too comfortable a thing to the fishermen to be
willingly relinquished by them. They mean to
retain it, if they can; and to retain it, it is indis-
pensable to retain the salt tax; and hence, like clear-
sighted men, who understand their own interest,
they set up an unflinching, uncompromising oppo-
sition to the repeal of the salt duties.
Mr. B. then exhibited a table showing the pro-
gressive increase of the fishing allowances and the
salt duty from 1789; how they had risen together
and fallen together until 1807; and how, since that
time, these bounties had been increased without
an increase of the salt duty, and was now at its
highest, although the salt duty was two thirds
reduced, and those allowances ought to have been
reduced in the same proportion:
TABLE.
Maximum Duty on
On vessels of On vessels of allowed to salt per
By act of   5 to 20 tons. 20 to 30 tons, any vessel, bushel.
July, 1792.....«Too            $150          §170       12cts.
May, 1793....   120              180            204        12
July, 1797.....   160             2 40             272        20
March, 1807... abolished abolished-abolished abolished
Dec, 1814....   1 60              2 40             272        20
March, 1819...   3 50              4 00             360        20
At present....  3 50              4 00             360        8
In the year 1828, an act passed for abolishing
a part of the duty on salt; and in 1833 the famous
compromise act made provision for a further reduc-
tion of the duty; but neither of these acts made any
provision in relation to the fishing bounties and
allowances, although these bounties and allow-
ances, should have been reduced in proportion to the
reduction of the tax on which they were bottomed.
The late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Ingham,
noticed this omission in the act of 1828, and called
the attention of Congress to the necessity of reme-
dying it. His notice was contained in his annual
report on the finances for the year 1830, and was
in these words:
"The reduction of the duty on salt, made at the
' last session, which will take place on the 1st of
'January, 1831, and lstof January, 1832, respect-
1 ively, would seem to render it proper to make a
' corresponding reduction in the drawback allowed
'on the exportation of pickled fish, which is fixed
'by the act of 29th of July, 1813, at twenty cents
' per barrel, that being, at the time, the duty
' charged on one bushel of salt. Unless the law
' allowing the drawback shall be previously mod-
' ified, the exporter will begin to receive, after the
' 1st of January next, a greater amount of draw-
' back than the duty previously paid on the salt."
—Ingham's annual Treasury report, December, 1830.
This recommendation produced no effect; and
the compromise act, as it is called, which after-
wards passed, and made further reduction of the
salt duty, was entirely silent on the subject of the
fishing bounties and allowances. The salt tax
itself, although a war tax, expressly limited to the
war, and one year thereafter, "and no longer,"
was yet continued longer to pay the war debt; and
although that debt has been many years paid, and
all the other war taxes abolished, yet this most
unjust and most execrable and detestable of all
taxes, is still permitted to survive. Even by the
compromise act, it is to be reduced no lower than
to twenty percent, on the value; a sum which will
be just as bad as twenty cents on the bushel, be-
cause it will throw all foreign salt into the hands
of a few, and will establish a monopoly in the sea-
ports as well as monopolies in the interior. Total
abolition of the tax is the only thing that will bring
an adequate supply of salt into the country, and
enable it to be sold at first cost by the measured
bushel. To effect this total abolition, is now the
great object of the South and West; and this great
object is strenuously resisted by the northeast,
because upon the continuance of the salt tax en-
tirely depends their continued receipt of a quarter
of a million of dollars per annum out of the public
Treasury for fishing bounties and allowances.
The overthrow of these allowances is, therefore,
a preliminary work; and all that are opposed to
the tax on salt, must join in removing from under
it this main pillar, which props and supports it.
This is the object of my labor; and having shown,
by a careful reviewal of our legislation for upwards
of forty years upon this subject, that the tax and
the allowances are indissolubly connected, and
must rise and fall together, 1 now take a higher
and more sacred ground, and undertake to say
that an allowance to the fishing vessels as a mere
bounty from the Treasury to encourage a branch
of industry which creates mariners, is an uncon-
stitutional use of the public money; and besides,
ÍS a mOSt INEXPEDIENT, DANGEROUS, UNNECESSARY,
and unfair use of it. These, sir, are not phrases
to round off a period, to fill up a sentence, or to
supply the want of argument, but they are well
considered and tenable positions, the truth of which
I now proceed to demonstrate:
I. Unconstitutionality.—Gratuities from the pub-
lic Treasury to sustain any branch of industry
is a thing unknown to the Constitution; and the
power to make such gratuities cannot be derived
from any clause in that instrument.  The attempt
was made at the commencement of this Govern-
ment and entirely failed. General Hamilton was
in favor of fostering manufactures by direct boun-
ties from the Treasury, but the idea was entirely
repudiated by the friends of a limited Government,
and the whole scheme was successfully resisted.
In the case of the fisheries themselves it was asked
and denied. The memorial from the general court
of Massachusetts, presented at the first session of
the first Congress under the present Constitution,
prayed for aid in four different ways to the fish-
eries; 1. A remission of duties on the articles used
by the fishermen; 2. A monopoly of the home
market by prohibitory-duties on foreign fish; 3.
Improved markets abroad by amicable negotiations
with foreign Powers in favor of American fish; 4.
Premiums and bounties in imitation of the system
of England, France, and Holland. Of these four
varieties of aid, the Government granted the three
first, and denied the fourth. The Constitution
was victorious in that movement against it, and
the Constitution is the same now that it was then.
It refused bounties and premiums to the fisheries
in 1789; it cannot grant them in 1839.
II.  Inexpedient.—Because it cannot be granted to
one branch of industry without being granted to
otheis. If gratuities once issue from the Treasury
to prop up and sustain any one pursuit or occupa-
tion, every other pursuit or occupation will have
an equal claim to like gratuities in its favor. Com-
binations will take place among different pretend-
ers to th' new species of pillage; and the public
Treasury will be exhausted, the people taxed, and
the nation run into debt to raise the sums which
their demands will require.
III.   rjmiecessrin/.—I hold these bounties as a
gratuity from theTreasury to be unnecessary to the
fisheries, either in the way of profit to the fisher-
men, or as encouraging the creation of mariners.
The fisheries are now in the most flourishing 3tate,
and other vast nurseries for seamen have sprung
up. The natural and inherent advantages of our
people for carrying on these fisheries, with the
benefit of the home and foreign markets secured for
them, as proposed by Mr. Jefferson, have given
them the mastery in the business, and totally freed
them from the rivalship of France and England,
which was the very foundation of their application
to Congress in 1790. Then the English largely
shared our home market, and nearly monopolized
the foreign; now this is exactly reversed. Now
our fishermen have the monopoly of the home
market, and largely share the foreign; and a com-
parison of different dates, and a late return to the
Massachusetis Legislature, show the business to
be in a most flourishing condition. The exports
from our fisheries for the year ending the 30th
September, 1837, stand thus:
Exports.         Imports.
Dried fish, or cod fisheries. $588,506        $13,528
Pickled or river fish, (her-
ring, shad,  salmon, and
mackerel)..............   181,334          83,952
Whale and other fish-oil... 1,271.545               504
Spermaceti oil............    151,875            7,008
Whalebone..............    223,682            none.
Spermaceti candles........    294,510               833
2,711,452       105,884
105,884
Balance in favor of U. S.. $2,605,566
Here is an export of $2,600,000 worth of fish
and oil, and an import of only about $ 100,000, and
two thirdsof that consistingofsalmon and herring,
which do not conflict with our northern fisheries;
while in 1790 the export of the same articles was
only |1,194,000, and the import was 6,343 barrels
pickled fish and 3,701,220 pounds of dried fish.
A report made to a recent General Assembly of
the State of Massachusetts shows that the fisheries
of that State alone, for the year ending the 30th of
March, 1837, amounted to near $10,000,000, to
wit: whale,cod, and mackerel, $7,509,290; refined
whale and other oil, $2,030,321. Upon so large a
business as this, the amount of the bounties and
allowances can have but little influence; and even
if gratuitous bounties had been necessary in 1790,
as prayed for by the fishermen, and the event has
