1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Salt Dudes—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
proved that they were not necessary, it is clear and
indisputable that they are not necessary now.
Gratuitous bounties are not necessary, even if
they were constitutional, to promete the success
of the fisheries, so far as the profit of the fisher-
men are concerned. They have a profitable busi-
ness without a gratuity fiorn the Treasury. Still
less are they necessary to Keep up a nursery for
seamen, and to prevent our fishermen from going
into the service of the English, as was so much
apprehended in 1790. The English fishing ser-
vice has no attraction at present for our fisher-
men; they have declined, and have ceased to be
an object of competition, of fear, or of interest to
us. Other great nurseries of seamen have grown
up, which leave the fisheries, formerly the first,
nowa secondary resource for the creation of mari-
ners. In 1790 we had three nurseries for seamen,
namely, the fisheries, the coasting trade, and the
carrying trade; we have the same three now, all
of them greatly augmented, and a new one be-
sides, winch we did not then possess. The fish-
eries are far greater now than they were then; the
coasting trade is increased, not merely in the ratio
of increased population and wealth, but the double
of it on account of the increased extent of the
coast itself from the acquisition of Florida and
Louisiana; and from the vast trade and fishing
which has grown up in all the northern lakes,
and which add so many thousand miles to our
coasting trade; the carrying trade is prodigiously
augmented, not merely by operation of the laws
which give the monopoly of that business, nearly,
to our own shipping, but also from the production
of cotton, an article unknown to our exports forty
years ago, and now employing infinitely more
ships and mariners than ever the fisheries did. If
a gratuity is to be given out of the Treasury to
the pursuits which create mariners, the cotton
planting of the South will now stand at the hep.d
of the occupations which merit that bounty. Be-
sides all these vast augmentations of our former
nurseries for seamen, we have a new and a great
one in the Navy, which has since been built up,
and which not only employs many thousand sea-
men, but finds time and opportunity, from our
peaceful policy, and the extended protection which
we give to our commerce, to prepare them in time
of peace for service during war. In no point of
view, then, neither for the profit of the fisheries,
nor as a nursery of seamen, is a gratuity from the
Treasury necessary to the support of our fisheries;
and all the arguments in favor of such gratuities
in 1790, and proved by the event to have been
mistaken then, are obsolete, inapplicable, and
wholly out of date now. But, why argue? It
is not a case for argument, since the same en-
couragement was given to beef and pork curers
as to fishermen; and certainly no mariners were
exppcted to be created by raising cattle and hogs!
IV. Unfair,—This is a head which admits of
several specifications. It is unfair towards the
curers of beef and pork, both of which articles
were put on the same footing with respect to the
bounties and allowances in lieu of the drawback
of the salt duty by the act of 1789; continued on
the same footing through every act to the year
1807; and then shared the same fate, and were
abolished together. They rest upon the same prin-
ciple, and cannot fairly be separated. The allow-
ances to beef and pork exported were not revived
in the act of 1813—the act reviving the salt tax,
and with it the fishing bounties and allowances;
they were not then revived, because the new act
was a temporary measure, limited to the war, and
the curers of beef and pork did not expect to have
any foreign trade during its continuance; and,
therefore, made no provision for the revival of the
bounties which they had enjoyed before, in com-
mon with the fisheries. The act of 1816, which
continued the act of 1813, was also understood to
be temporary. It was continued for no definite
period, but merely continued in force generally
with the rest of the war duties; and was expected
to be discontinued in a short time. For these rea-
sons the friends of the farming interest made no
effort to save to the great provision trade of the
South and West the large pecuniary advantage
which they had formerly enjoyed in common with
the northern fisheries. They remained silent; they
put in no claim for their equal privilege; and
the consequence has been, that while these fish-
eries have received, since 1813, between three and
four millions of dollars out of the public Treasury,
the farming interest has not received a cent upon
their beef and pork. This is unfair, it is unjust;
it is indefensible, and now that the injustice is
brought to the notice of the Senate, and the ques-
tion is fully presented, 1 hold it to be impossible
that the injurious discrimination is to be longer
continued. It cannot be tolerated that these fish-
eries, sfter the exclusive benefit which they have
already enjoyed since 1813, are to go on indefi-
nitely to enjoy the same benefit, to the prejudice
of the beef and pork trade. This cannot be tol-
erated; the agricultural interest of the South and
West cannot be expected to put up with this in-
justice any longer. Bounties to them rest upon
the same principle as the bounties to the fishing
interest, and henceforth they must share the same
fate. The question now is, what shall that fate
be? And here, I apprehend, it v/ould be no diffi-
cult matter for the two interests to make a bargain
together, and agree to support a bill to restore the
beef and pork trade to its lost advantage, and to
continue indefinitely the bounties and allowances
to each. But thin, in my opinion, would be a bad
bargain on the side of the agricultural interest;
and an unconstitutional and dangerous bargain on
the side of both. The agricultural interest wants
salt for the living stock still more than for the
slaughtered; it wants salt for the provisions used
at home, and within the limits of the United States,
as well as for that exported; and a mere restora-
tion of bounty on the exported beef and pork
would be no indemnity for the stinted supply, and
increased price, the inseparable consequence of
the salt tax. To continue the tax, and restore the
bounty to exported provisions, would then be a
bad bargain for the farming interest, and a worse
one for the Treasury, which would find itself
called upon for a much larger annual amount of
bounty than the annual amount of the tax would
ever meet. To repeal the tax, and still continue
the bounties and allowances to both fish and pro-
visions, would be to grant naked bounties—direct
gratuities—from the Federal Treasury in favor of
two branches of industry; a grant which I hold to
be as unconstitutional as it would be inexpedient
and dangerous. To all the other fisheries carried
on in the United States, a continuance of these
allowances to the northern fisheries, without being
extended to them, would be too unfair to be tol-
erated. The fisheries of Lake Superior and the
other lakes; those of the bays and rivers of the
Atlantic board—the Delaware and Chesapeake
bays, the Potomac river, the Albemarle sound,
and other places—had the same right to these allow-
ances which the northern fisheries had. Whether
granted as a commutation and equivalent for the
drawback of the salt duty, or whether continued
as a naked gratuity, the case of these interior fish-
eries cannot be separated from the others. They
use salt as largely as the others do; they use ves-
sels fully a match to the five-ton boats which now
draw bounties and allowances. If granted to these,
bacon cannot be excluded. Fish is the bacon of
the northeast; and this fish is exempted from the
salt tax. The bacon of the South and West and
Middle States has a right to the same exemption;
and gentlemen may rest assured that the time has
now arrived when all these interests must be placed
on the same footing—when beef, pork, bacon, the
.lake, the bay, the sound, and the river fisheries,
must be exempted from the burdens of the salt
tax, as well as the cod and mackerel fisheries of
the northeast.
Mr. B. concluded with saying that he had fully
made out his proposition that the fishing bounties
and allowances were founded upon the salt ¡ax—
were coeval with it—indissolubly connected with
it—reducible and extinguishable with it; that these
bounties and allowances could not survive the fall
of the tax one instant; that the salt tax was kept
alive to keep up this issue from the Treasury; and
that, to abolish the tax, it was indispensably pre-
requisite to demolish the pretensions of the fishing
interest, to a continuance of their exclusive Boun-
ties and allowances. This was what he had at-
tempted to show ought to be done. He had con-
fined himself in this opening speech to this single
branch of the subject. He had said but little on
the subject of the execrable tax itself, its oppres-
sions upon the agricultural class, and its fostering
of monopolizers and regraters. He left that branch
of the subject for a future occasion; and when he
came to touch it, he should avail himself freely
and largely of the transcendent papers on the uses
of salt and the evils of the salt tax which a British
Commons printed for the use of Britons, and be-
fore which the British salt tax fell, and by which
British stock and agriculture has been incredibly
jj benefited;   which papers he had twice obtained
i. an order of the Senate for printing, which order
11 had  twice been rescinded.    When he came to
i| speak on   this branch of the subject, he should
j; avail himself fully of these invaluable papers.
\;                  In Senate, January 28, 1839.
||     Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts, having replied
'i to Mr. Benton,
¡I Mr. BENTON expressed his regret that the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr." Davis] could
not have concluded his argument .without an
attack upon General Jackson, and especially an
attack going back to the veto of the bauk charter,
the removal of the deposits, the specie circular,
the suspension of specie payments—which for-
merly figured in party controversies, had tived
out their brief day, and now quietly reposed in
the tomb of oblivion. To resuscitate these old
topics would seem to be in bad taste; to debate
them over again seemed to be getting up a discus-
sion fiat, stale, and unprofitable. But the Senator
from Massachusetts had gone into this work; he
had commenced the business; and he has given
us a new edition of the old panic speeches of
1832,1833, 1834,183G, and 1837. We have been
again informed of commerce ruined, confidence
destroyed, manufactories stopped, the laborer
without work, shops shut up, distress universal,
misery in every house, and despair in every
bosom; and all this mischief the sad doings of one
wicked, wanton, and ignorant old man! We
have had a new edition of all this served up to
us, as unexpectedly to me as if it had all fallen
from the clouds, and as repugnant to my feelings
as could be the disinterment and exhumation of
the dead. But since the Senator had chosen to
revive the memory of scenes on which the curtain
had long since been dropped, and has charac-
terized them in a way to suit the purposes and
the feelings of himself and his party, I must be
permitted to say to him that I have lately read a
history of the very events which he has been
describing, written a long time ago, in a foreign
land and a foreign language, but so accurate in its
details and so just in its representations that
every reader would immediately reeognjee it to
be the true history of what has been done in our
own country during the exhibition of the domestic
manufactured distresses, the performance of the
artificial panics, and the enactment of the blood-
less and Sabbathless revolutions with which the
public sensibilities have been so much excited of
late. This piece of history is found in Vertot's
History of the Portuguese conspiracy in the year
1640, by which the Spanish dominion in Portugal
was overturned, and John, Duke of Braganza,
was restored to the throne of his ancestors. The
politicians ind merchants were in the conspiracy—
there were no banks in those times; but politi-
cians and merchants were not sufficient to carry
it on; they could not perform the manual labor of
attacking the Spanish guards and garrisons. They
wanted other hands for the manual labor part,
while they confined themselves to the headwork
part of the revolution. To obtain these opera-
tives the merchants of Lisbon fell upon a plan
which you shall have in the historian's own
words: I say in his own words; for, while the
Senator from Massachusetts was speaking, and
bringing this piece of history to my mmd, I dis-
patched one of our little messengers with a note
to Mrs. Benton, to send me the book, " L'hisloire
de la conjuration de Pmtugal;" and here it is; and
now the historian shall speak for himself. 1 read
in French first, and then in English, that those
who understand both languages may know that
the translation is ]us*..    At page 332 he says:
" lis avaient meme congedié plusieurs de leurs
'ouviiers, pniieipalement les plus mutins, sous
'ptetexte que le commerce etant ruiné, ils ne
' pouvaient plus les entretemr; mais en effet afin
' que la mUere et la faim les portát plus aisemént
