1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jwti
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Morris.
. S^NAT^.
the weightier matters of the law, judgment and
mercy he would have them entirely overlook. I
ought to thank the Senator for introducing Holy
Writ into this debate, and inform him his argu-
ments are not the sentiments of Him, who, when
on earth, went about doing; good.
The Senator further entreats the clergy to de-
sist from their efforts in behalf of abolitionism.
Who authorized the Senator, as a politician, to
use his influence to point out to the clergy upon
what they should preach,"or for what they should
pray ? Would the Senator dare exert his power
here to bind the consciences of men ? I think
not. By what rule of ethics, then, does he un-
dertake to use his influence, from this high place
of power, in order to gain the same object, I am
at a loss to determine? Sir, this movement of
the Senator is far more censurable and dangerous,
as an attempt to unite Church and State, than
were the petitions against Sunday mails, the re-
port in opposition to which gained for you, Mr.
President, so much applause in the country. I,
sir, also appeal to the clergy to maintain their
rights of conscience; and if they believe slavery
to be a sin, we ought to honor and respect them
for their open denunciation of it, rather than call
on them to desist; for between their conscience
and their God we have no power to interfere; we
do not wish to make them political agents for any
purpose.
But the Senator is not content to entreat the
clergy alone to desist; he calls on his country-
women to warn them, also, to cease their efforts,
ana reminds them that the ink shed from the pen
held in their fair fingers when writing their names
to abolition petitions, may be the cause of shed-
ding much human blood ! Sir, the language to-
wards this class of petitioners is very much
changed of late; they formerly were pronounced
idlers, fanatics, old women, and school misses,
unworthy of respect from intelligent and respect-
able men. I warned gentlemen then that they
would change their language; the blows they
aimed fell harmless at the feet of those against
whom they were intended to injure. In this
movement of my countrywomen I thought was
.plainly to be discovered the operations of Provi-
dence, and a sure sign of the final triumph of
universal emancipation ! All history, both sacred
and profane, both ancientand modern, bears tes-
timony to the efficacy of female influence and
power in the cause of human liberty. Prom the
time of the preservation, by the hands of woman,
of the great Jewish lawgiver, in his infantile hours,
and who was preserved for the purpose of free-
ing his countrymen from Egyptian bondage, has
woman been made a powerful agent in breaking
to pieces the rod of the oppressor. With a pure
anduncontaminated mind, her actions spring from
the deepest recesses of ¿lie human heart. De-
nounce her as you will, you cannot deter her from
duty. Pain, sickness, want, poverty, and even
death itself form no obstacles in her onward
march. Even the tender virgin would dress, as
a martyr for the stake, as for the bridal hour,
rather than make sacrifice of her purity and duty.
The eloquence of the Senate, and clash of arms,
are alike powerless when brought in opposition
to the influence of pure and virtuous woman.
The liberty of the slave seems now to be commit-
ted to her charge, and who can-doubt her final
triumph? I do not. You cannot fight against
her and hope for success; and well dpes the Sen-
ator know this; hence this appeal to her feelings
to terrify her from that which she believes to be
her duty.   It is a vain attempt.
The Senator says that it was the principles of
the Constitution which carried us through the
Revolution. Surely it was; and to use the lan-
guage of another Senator from a slave State, on
a former occasion, these are the very principles
on which the Abolitionists plant themselves. It
.was the principle that all me  are bora free and
equal, that nerved the arm of our fathers in their
contest for independence. It was for the natural
and inherent rights of man they contended. It
is a libel upon the Constitution to say that its
object was not liberty, but slavery for millions of
the human race.
The Senator, well fearing that all his eloquence
and his arguments thus far are but as chaff when
weighed in the balance against truth and justice,
seems to find consolation in the idea, and says,
that which opposes the ulterior object of Aboli-
tionists is that the General Government has no
power to act on the subject of slavery, and that
the Constitution or Union would not last an hour
if the power claimed was exercised by Congress.
It is slavery then, not liberty, that makes us one
people. To dissolve slavery, is to dissolve the
Union. Why require of us to support the Consti-
tution by oath, if the Constitution itself is sub-
ject to the power of slavery, and not the moral
power of the country ? Change the form of the
oath which you administerto Senators on taking
seats here; swear them to support slavery, and,
according to the logic of the gentleman, the Con-
stitution and the Union will both be safe. We
hear almost daily threats of dissolving the Union,
and from whence do they come ? Prom citizens
of the free States ? No! Prom the slave States
only. Why wish to dissolve it ? The reason is
plain—that a new Government may be formed,
by which we, as a nation, may be made a slave-
holding people. No impartial observer of pass-
ing events can, in my humble judgment, doubt
the truth of this.
The Senator thinks the Abolitionists in error,
if they wish the slaveholder to free his slave. He
.áslts, why denounce him? I cannot admit the
truth of the question; but I might well ask the
gentleman, and the slaveholders generally, " why
are. you angry at me because I tell you the truth?
It is the light of truth which the slaveholder can-
not endure; a plain, unvarnished tale of what sla-
very is, he considers a libel upon himself. The
fact is, the slaveholder feels the leprosy of slavery
upon him. He is anxious to hide the odious dis-
ease from the public eye; and the ballot-box and
the right of petition, when used against him, he
feels as sharp reproof; and, being unwilling to
renounce his errors, he tries to escape from their
consequences, by making the world believe that
he is the persecuted, and not the persecutor.
Slaveholders have said here, during this very ses-
sion, " the fact is, slavery will not bear examin-
ation." It is the Senator who denounces Aboli-
tionists for the exercise of their most unquestion-
able rights, while Abolitionists condemn thatonly
which the Senator himself will acknowledge tobe
Wrong, at ail times and under all circumstances;
because he admits that, if it was an original ques-
tion whether slaves should be introduced among
us, but few citizens would be found to agree to it,
and none more opposed to it than himself. The
argument is, that the evil of slavery is incurable;
that the attempt to eradicate it would commence
a struggle which would exterminate one race or
the other. Whata lamentable picture of our Gov-
ernment, so often pronounced the best upon earth!
The seeds of disease, which were interwoven into
its first existence, have now become so incorpo-
rated into its frame that they cannot be extracted
without dissolving the whole fabric; that we must
endure the evil without hope and without com-
plaint. Our very natures must be changed before
we can be brought tamely to submit to this doc-
trine. The evil will be remedied; and, to use the
language of Jefferson again, " this people will yet
be free." The Senator finds consolation, how-
ever, in the midst of this existing evil, in color
and caste. The black race (says he) is the strong
ground of slavery in our country. Yes, it is color,
not right and justice, that is to continue forever
slavery in our country. It is prejudice against
color which is the strong ground of the slave-
holder's hope. Is that prejudice founded in na-
ture, or is it the effect of base and sordid interest?
Let the mixed race which we see here, from black
to almost perfect white, springing from white
fathers, answer this question. Slavery has no just
foundation in color; it rests exclusively upon
Usurpation, tyranny, oppressive fraud, and force.
These were its parents in every age and country
of the world.
The Senator says, the next or greatest difficulty
to emancipation, is the amount of property it
would take from the owners. All ideas of right
and wrong are confounded in these words: eman-
cipate property, emancipate a horse, or an ox,
would not only be an unmeaning, but a ludicrous
expression. To emancipate, is to set free from
slavery. To emancipate, is to set free a man,
not property. The Senator estimates the number
of slaves-^me  now held ,in bondage—at three
millions in the United States, ,1s this statement
made here by the same voice which was heard in
this Capitol in favor of the liberties of. Greece,
and for the emancipation of our South American
brethren from political thraldom ? It is; and has
all its fervor in favor of liberty been exhausted
upon foreign countries, so as not to leave á single
whisper in favor of three millions of-men in our
own country, now groaning under the most gall-
ing oppression the world ever saw? Wo, sir.
Sordid interest rules the hour. Men aré made
property, and paper is made money, and the Sen-
ator, no doubt, sees in these two peculiaTiostitu-
tions a power which, if united, will be able to
accomplish all his wishes. He informs us that
some have computed the slaves to be worth the
average amount of |500 each. He will estimate
within bounds at f 400 each. Making the amount
twelve hundred million dollars' worth of slaTe
property. I heard this state'ment,Mr; President,
with emotions of the, deepest feeling. By what
rule of political or commercial arithmetic does the
Senator calculate the amount of, property in hu-
man beings ? Can it be fancy or fact, that I hear
such calculation, that the people of the United
States own twelve hundred millions' (double the
amount of all the specie in the world) jivbrth oi
property in human flesh! And this property is
owned, the gentleman informs us; by all classes
ofsociety, forming part of all our contracts within
our own country and in Europe. I should have
been glad, sir, to have been spared the hearing o<
a declaration of this kind, especially from the
high source and the place from which it has em-
anated.
But the assertion has gone forth that we have
twelve hundred millions of slave property at the
South; and can any man so close his understand-
ing here as not plainly to perceive that the power
of this vast amount of property at ,the South i*
now uniting itself to the banking power of the
North, in order to govern the destinies of this
country ? Six hundred millions of banking cap>
ital is to be brought into this coalition, and the
slave power and the bank power are thus to
unite in order to break down the present Admin.
ístration. Therecan be no mistake, as I believe,
in this matter. The aristocracy of the North,
who, by the power of a corrupt hanking system,
and the aristocracy of the South, by the powei
of the slave system, both fattening upon the la-
bor of others, are now about to unite in order to
make the reign of each perpetual. Is there an in-
dependent American to be found who will become
the recreant slave to such an unholy combination !
Is this another compromise to barter the liber-
ties of the country for personal aggrandizement?
" Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God."
The Senator further insists, " that what the law
makes property is property." This is the pred-
icate of the gentleman; he has neither facts nor
reason to prove it; yet upon this alone does ha
rest the whole case that negroes are property. I
deny both the predicate and the argument. Sup-
pose the Legislature of the Senator's own State
should passa lawdeciaringhiswife, his children,
his friends, indeed, any white citizen of Ken-
tucky, property, &ni should they be sold and trans-
' ferred as such, would the gentleman fold his arms
and say, " Yes, they are property, for the law
has made them such?" No, sir; he would de-
nounce such law with more vehemence than he
now denounces Abolitionists, and would deny the
authority of human legislation to accomplish an
object so clearly beyond its power.
Human laws, I contend, cannot make human
beings property, if human force can do it. If it
is competent for our Legislatures to make a black
man property, it is competent for them to make a
white man the same; and the same objection ex-
ists to the power of the people in an organic law
for their own government; they cannot make
property of ea'ch other, and, in the language of
the constitution of Indiana, such an act "can
only originate in usurpation and tyranny."
Dreadful indeed would be the condition of this
country if these principles should not only be
carried into the ballot-box, but into the presi-
dential chair. The idea that Abolitionists ought
to pay for the slaves if they are set tfee, and that
they ought to think of this, is addressed to their
