1339.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,175
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Strange.
SwAgB-
disappointed. I had heard of the Senator's tact
m making compromises and agreements on this
floor; and though opposed in principle to all such
proceedings, yet I hoped to hear something upon
which we could hang a Hope that peace would be
restored to the borders of* our own States, and
all future aggressions upon our citizens from the
slave States be prevented. Now, sir, he offers
us nothing but unconditional submission or po-
litical death; and not political alone, but absolute
death We have counted the cost in this matter,
and aie determined to lire and die free. Let the
slaveholder hug his system to his bosom in his
own State; we will not go there to disturb him;
but, sir, within our own borders we claim to
enjoy the same privileges. Even, sir, here, in
this District, this ten miles square of common
propel ty and common right, the slave power has
the assurance to come into this very Hall, and
lequest that we—yes, Mr President, that my
constituents—be denied the light of petition on
the subject of slavery in this District This most
extraordinary petition against the right of others
to petition on the same subject of theirs, is gra-
ciously reeeivedand oidered to be printed; pa;ans
sung to it by the slave power, while the petitions
I offer, from as honorable, free, high-minded, and
patriotic American citizens as any in this Dis-
trict, are spit upon, and turned out of doors as
an unclean thmg Genius of libeity' how long
will you sleep under this non power of oppres-
sion' Not content with ruling ovei their own
slaves, they claim the power to instruct Con-
gress on the question of receiving petitions, and
yet we are tauntingly and sneeiingly told that
we have nothing to do with the existence of sla-
very in the countiy—a suggestion as absurd as it
is ridiculous. We aie called upon to make laws in
favoi of slavery in the District, but it is, domed
that we can make laws against it, and at list the
right of petition on the subject, by the people of
the free States, is complained of as an impioper
mterfeienee.
I leave it to the Senator to reconcile all these
difficulties, absurdities, claims and requests of the
people of thisDistilct, to thecountiyatlarge, and
I venture the opinion that he will find as much
difficulty in pioducing the belief that he iscoircct
now, that he has found in obtaining the same be-
lief that he was before coirect in his views and
political course on the subject of banks, internal
improvements, protective tanffs, &,c, and the
regulation, by acts of Congress, of the pioductive
industry of the counti y, togethei with all the com-
promises and coalitions he has entered into foi
the attainment of those objects. 1 rejoice, how-
ever, that the Senator has made the display ho
has on this occasion. It is a poweifui &iiake to
awaken the sleeping energies of libeity, and his
voice, like a trumpet, will call from then slumbeis
millions of freemen to defend their rights, and the
overthrow of his theoiy now is as suie and cer-
tain, by the foice of public opinion, as was the
overthrow of all his former grand schemes, by the
same mighty power.
1 feel, Mr President, as if I had wearied your
patience, while I am sure my own bodily poweis
admonish me to close, but I cannot do so without
again reminding my constituents of thegieetings
that have taken place on the consummation and
raification of the treaty, offensive and defensive,
between the slaveholdmg and bank powers, in
order to carry on a war against the liberties of
our country, and to put down the present Ad-
ministration. Yes, there is no voice heard from
New England now. Boston and Paneuil Hall aie
silent as death. The free day laboier is,m pros-
pect, reduced to the political, if not moral, condi-
tion of the slave; an ideal line is to divide them in
their labor, yes, the same punciple is to govern
on both sides. Even the farmer, too, will soon
be brought into the same fold. It will be again
said, with legardto the government of the coun-
try, " The farmer with his huge paws upon the
statute book, what can he do >" I have endeav-
ored to warn my fellow-citizens of the present
and approaching danger, but the dark cloud of
slavery is before their eyes, and prevents many
of them from seeing the condition of things as
they are. The cloud, like the cloud of summer,
will soon pass away, and its thunders cease to be
heaid.   Slavery will come to an end, and the sun-
shine of prosperity warm, invigorate, and bless
our whole country.
I do not know, Mr. President, that my voice
will evei again be heaid on thisflooi. I now will-
ingly—yes, gladly—return to my constituents, to
the people of my own State. I have spent my life
amongst them, and the greater portion of it in
their seivice, and they have bestowed upon me
their confidence in numeious instances. I feel per-
fectly conscious that, in the dischaige of eveiy
trust which they have committed to me, I have,
to the best of my abilities, acted solely with a
view to the general good, not suffering myself to
be influenced byany particular or private mteiest
whatever, and I now challenge those who think
I have done otheiwise,to lay their finger upon
any public act of mine, and prove to the country
its injustice or anti-iepublican tendency. That I
have often erred m«the selection of means to ac-
complish important ends 1 have no doubt; but my
belief in the huth of the doctrines of the Declara-
tion of Independence, the political creed of Presi-
den tJeffeison, remains unshaken and unsubdued
My greatest regret is that I have not been more
zealous, and done more for the cause of individ-
ual and political liberty than I have done. I hope,
on returning to my home and my friends, to join
them again in rekindling the beaeon-fiies of lib
erty upon every hill in our State, until their broad
glare shall enlighten every valley, and the song
of tiiumph will soon be heard, for the hearts oí
our people are in the hands of a just and holy
Being, who cannot look upon oppression bu6 with
abhonence, and He can turn them whitheisoever
He will, as thenveisof water are turned Though
our national sins are many and guevous, yet re-
pen tanct, like that of anutut Nineveh, may divert
fiomus that impending danger which seems to
hing over our heads as by a single ban. That
all may be safe, I conclude that the Negro will
yet be set fi ee
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. STRANGE,
OF  NORTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, February 13, 1839,
On the bill to prevent the interference of certain Federal
Officers with Elections
Mi. STRANGE said
Mr. President: I am not a volunteer in this
debate. At the beginning of the session, the
Senate thought proper to assign mea place on an
important committee, to which the subject now
under consideration was referred, and upon it the
chairman of that committee presented a long and
able report To the credit of the exclusive au
thorship of that tepoit, the chairman is entitled
Both its substance and its language are his own
But although I lay no claim to any part of the
authorship of the report, I yielded it my hearty
assent, and it is due to myself to show that I did
not yield that assent hastily, oi upon insufficient
íeasons Upon the report the most extiaordin-
ary attack has been made, perhaps the most vio-
lent to be found in the history of this body I
had not the good foitune to hear the remarks
made by the Senator fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] but I listened attentively to the assault
made upon the report by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Uives,] who appeared to me to have
wrought himself up to a most extravagant pitch
of excitement He spoke of the report as fraught
with doctunes subversive of liberty, and so cor-
rupting in their nature, that the Senate ought to
undergo a lustration to purify itself from their
contaminating effects. I listened to the Senatoi
with equal surprise and disappointment. Sur-
prise at the fury into which he seemed to have
wrought himself, and disappointment at the re-
sult of his argument. I was not prepared to find
his extravagant promises fall so far short of ful-
fillment, and little expected to see an advocacy of
the bill result in its total abandonment.
The Senator stated he was so much surprised
and bewildered at the reading of the report, that
he was at a loss to know whether he was in the
Senate of the United States or in the kingdom of
France or of England. I am not at all disposed
to question the truth of this statement, for it fur-
nishes the only mode known to me of accounting
foi the strange statements made by the Senator
in relation to the report. No man in his sober
senses, in the full possession of all his faculties,
could take up that report and extract fiom it the
doctrines ascribed to it by the Senator from Vir-
ginia Those high facilities, that good sense
which usually chaiacteme that Senator, were for
some reason m abeyance. He must have been,
as he himself declares, bewildeied; for I cannot
suppose (the only remain  alternative) that the
Senator would willingly misiepresent what he
really understood. So perfect was the Senator's
bewilderment, that he not only asserted that cer-
tain doctrines were set forth in the report which
I insist aie not to be found there, but pledged
himself to the proof, and proceeded to read there-
from certain passages for that purpose. His first
allegation is, that the report inculcates on the
office-holders of the General Government the
duty of intermeddling with the elections of the
counti y, and is calculated to stir them up to
greater exertions If any one will take the tiou-
ble to examine that report, he will find that, so
far from inculcating upon the office-holders of the
Government impioper intermeddling with the
elections, its tendency is directly the other way.
The following is one of the passages it contains,
which is, I think, anything but a persuasion to
intermeddle improperly in. elections:
" Thit elections ought to be pure ana incorrupt is a prin-
ciple admitted hy all, and no language can be too strong to
express the abhorrence felt by the committee against any
attempt to destroy this freedom and parity. He who is
guilty of either, by bribing or corrupting voters, Violating
the ballot bo\, oi setting at naught its voice,forging or sap
pressing returns, or disobeying the laws enacted for seeur-
in<;any rleetivi right, is guilty of treason against republican
institutions, and ought to be íegarded by all as a^dangerous
foe to liberty "
I will now proceed to review the passages cited
by the Senator, and, so far as my memory serves
me, read them all o\ei again to the Senate. The
first is as follows:
" The found ltion of representative Government is based
upon the intelligence of the citizen, and to insure that in-
telligence, it is both the right and the duty of every one
freely to discus  and communicate, both publicly and po
vately, such matters is he may suppose will advance the
public interest, or inform the public mind One of the most
salutary and effectual agents to piomote such interest is an
enlightened public opinion 1 o evolve such opinion, and
to give form and direction to the genera] coarse of national
policy and the future destinies of all, every citizen, whether
intrusted with public office or not, has a like deep, abiding,
and active interest, and no citizen is at liberty to withdraw
himself from this lush responsibility, inseparably connected
with republican institutions. One of the most celebrated
law makers of one oí the ancient republics, declared every
citizen infamous w ho refused to take part m the affairs of
his country; and the word idiot derived from the language
ot that republic, bears through all time this impress of their
institutions, denoting one who was destitute of the spirit
or intelligence requisite for the discharge of this highest
duty of a citizen
" The elective right is not conferred by the Constitution
of the Un ted States, but belongs to representative Govern
ment, and springs from its very nature, and the very es-
sence of that right, under our institutions, is the right of
electing the members of the General and State Govern-
ments The vilue and the advantages of this right, so far
as respects the public, depend upon the knowledge of public
meisures, and of the qualifications of candidates for public
trust, and, consequently, upon the equal and unrestricted
freedom of discussing their comparative m> nts and de-
ments The citizen who, by the choice of his fellows, is
distinguished by being selected to perform official duties
and trusts, is not thereby elevated above them nor degraded
below them He parts with no rights of citizenship, but
remains an equal among equals, still connected with them
by the strong and enduring ligaments of mutuality of rights
and privileges Under our Constitution the people, not the
Government, possess the sovereignty, and the doors of
office can be opened only by the powerful charm of the
public voice, and no degrading sacrifice of any of the priv-
ileges of citizenship, or any separation from the commu-
nity of rights, feelings, and mteiests, which bind the people
to the Government, is required "
These positions are all general, including every
citizen, and not asserting any peculiar rights or
duties as belonging to office-holders m relation to
elections Can any dispassionate man discover
anything, in any part of the foregoing passage,
inciting office-holders to the exercise of improper
influence in elections' Is it not true that enlight-
ened public opinion is the basis upon which our
institutions rest' Is it not true that free discus-
sion is important to the formation of sound pub-
lic opinion > And is it not the duty of every man,
whethei he holds an office or not, to contribute
his mite towards enlightening the public mmd, and
giving to public opinion a direct and healthy cur-
