118                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0££                           [February 13,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
officers are at variance; and, if that basis be false,
the whole fabric must fall. No one would object
to persons having common interests consulting
together about those interests. The assumption,
then, of an existing evil is erroneous; and the
necessity, therefore, for a remedy, is without
proof.
But passing by the evil for the present, let us
look a little to the remedy proposed. Even al-
lowing, for the sake of argument, the evil to exist
at all, it is comparatively a small one, while the
remedy proposed would introduce evils of the
greatest magnitude. It would be like cutting off
the head to relieve the toothache, or laying open
the heart to diminish arterial action; it is striking
at the very vitals of liberty to remove an unseemly
pimple from her cheek. W hat are the evils which
the bill would produce ? They are numerous, and
I "will consider a few of them.
I. In the first place it introduces into our legis-
lation the odious principle of distinction. It dis-
unites the interests of the people and the office-
holders, and places them on different grounds.
The great principle of equality lies at the base of
all our institutions, and distinctions, official or
otherwise, except mere functionary distinctions,
ought carefully to be shunned. If it were pos-
sible to have the functional operations of the so-
cial compact carried on without singling out indi-
viduals to perform them, it would doubtless have
been done; and so fur our institutions would have
more approximated the perfection nt which they
aim. But it was impossible; and the mere dis-
tinction of holding office must necessarily exist.
But it is altogether unwise and foreign to the
genius of our institutions to render this distinc-
tion more conspicuous; and it is, in principle, a
matter of indifference whether this distinction be
privative, or one of addition; and, indeed, it is
doubtful whether the former ¡a not the more mis-
chievous of the two. For the robbery you prac-
tice upon the office-holders they will seek to in-
demnify themselves by assuming something to
which they have no right, and their claim, with
the aid of a little sophistry, will probably bo sus-
tained. " I am cut oiT from such and such priv-
ileges," they will argue, "and surely it is not
unreasonable that I should enjoy such mid such
privileges in return." A generous people, in some
moment of weakness, will allow the plea, and cus-
tom, if not law, will establish the right, Besides,
it Btifles the benevolent feelings of the man, and
forces him to pursue, with more undivided aim,
his own peculiar interest. Anything which se-
gregates us, as it were, from our kind, or renders
us unlike the rest of our species, weakens the
claim which lhatspecies has upon our kindnesses
and services, and separates our interests from
theirs. Does not experience prove this in the
case of deformed persons? Are they not, with
some honorableexceptions, suspicious, malicious,
and repulsive in their dispositions? Do they not
seek to indemnify themselves, for the contempt
which they most unjustly suppose is genorally
entertained for them, by noting with peculiar se-
verity, the faults, the viceB, the follies, and the
defects of others ?
Again: when distinctions, however degrading
in themselves, are associated with honors, while
all the other evil effects and degrading distinc-
tions remain, it inclines the subject of this dis-
tinction to magnify the honor with which it is
associated, and to set upon it an unjust value.
The mutilated Asiatic who treads an eastern
court forgets, for a time, the wrong done to his
nature in contemplation of the honor and power
which it brings him, and glories in his shame,
and knows no sympathy for those whom an ar-
bitrary monarch may commit to his cruel domin-
ion. Just so with the office-holder in this land,
upon whom you fasten any degrading distinction.
He comes at once falsely to estimate the honors
with which it is associated, and strives, as rap-
idly as possible, to appropriate to himself all that
comes within his reach. In the present healthy
state of public opinion, a. public officer, who as-
sumes official pomp and consequence, is certain
to have the finger of scorn pointed at him; and
this fixes upon his mind an abiding sense that he
has no property in his office, that he is a mere
public servant, pro hoc vice.
II. If this bill does not rend from their places
Interference in ¡Sections—Mr. Strange.
the pillars of the Constitution, it saps the foun-
dation upon which they rest. It has been well
remarked, that "the price of liberty is eternal
vigilance." By this bill you propose to close the
eyes, stop the ears, and seal the lips of those
whose peculiarduty it is to watch, and whose po-
sitions enable them to watch to most advantage.
Constantly employed in the public service, they
I acquire an intimate knowledge of public affairs
and public men. They stand, as it were, upon
an eminence, from whence they can look around
and see danger approaching from afar, and from
any quarter. False alarms they will doubtless
often give. But in political matters, the story of
the boy and the wolf does not apply. No matter
how often the alarm is given, there will be plenty
to listen to it; the difficulty is in procuring it to
be given. How foolishly, then, should we act
in stopping the mouths of those who are best sit-
uated for giving it! The proposal of the Oppo-
sition to pass this bill reminds me of the fable of
the sheep and the wolves. While their dogs re-
mained with the sheep they were in comparative
safety; but when the silly sheep were persuaded
to surrender their dogs as hostages, the wolves
fell upon the sheep and devoured them.
III. But not only would the pillars of the Con-
stitution be shaken by the passage of this bill,
but a breach would be made in its own noble fab-
ric. Congress has no right to pass any law not
expressly authorized by the Constitution, or ne-
cessarily incidental to the exercise of some power
expressly granted. So nt least every Democrat
in this body holds. Now, what clause in the
Constitution expressly authorizes the passage of
this law? To what granted power is it incidental?
If the power exists in either form, under the Con-
stitution, gentlemen can point out the clause in
which the grant is contained. They have not done
so, and I defy them to do it. Nay, not only is
the act not authorized, but it is expressly forbid- '
den. By the first article of the amendments to
the Constitution it is declared that
"Congress símil make no law reipeeting the establish-
ment of religion or prohibiting the e\eiri>o thereof, or
nlmilíítns ttie 1'ieedom of speech orof the presi, or the ughr j
ol the people peaceably to assemble and tu petition the j
Government fir a mhos;, of grievances,."                              j
And is not, I would ask, the liberty of speech i
assailed by this bill' Does the Constitution make
any exception to the exclusion of office-holders i
from the protection of this clause? Yet the Sen- I
ator from Virginia says, let us hear no more of
arguments drawn from the alien and sedition laws,
and their fate under the denunciations of the peo-
ple of this country. Why should we hear no
more > Are not those laws and the present bill so
similar that they might well pass for the offspring
of the same parent? The hill, ns it now stands,
is subject to all the objections to the sedition law;
and if modified as the Senator from Kentucky
proposes, it will then become subject to all the
objections to the alien law also. Let us look for
a moment to the language of the sedition law:
"That if any person shall write, print, utter, or publish,
or shall cause or procure to be written, printed, uttered, or
published/1 &c.
What is the language of the bill under consid-
eration ?
"That no marshal, &e., shall, by word, message, or
writing, or in any other manner whatsoever," &c.
How similar in their objects the act and the
bill. How immediately are both leveled at the lib-
erty of speech and of free discussion. What,
then, were the objections of the patriots of 1798
to the sedition law? I will read from that cele-
brated report of Mr. Madison:
"The second object against which the resolutions pro-
test is the sedition act. Of this it is affirmed : 1. That it
exercises a power not delegated by the Constitution. 2.
That the power, on the contrary, is expressly forbidden.
3. That tins is a power which, more than any other, ought
to produce universal alarm; because it is leveled against
the right of freely examining public characters and meas-
ures, and of free communication thereon, which has ever
been justly esteemed Uie only effectual guardian of every
other nght."
The report then goes on to show that all these
objections apply to the sedition law; and is it not
obvious that they apply with equal force to the
bill under consideration ? And shall we pass a
law containing all these odious features, which
I have been so fully exposed to the American peo-
Senate.
pie, in the very able report from which I have
read the extract? But I said, if the bill was
amended as proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, the objections to the alien law would be
brought to bear upon it also. What are those
objections? I will call them to the attention of
the Senate, from the same source to which I have
just adverted:
"Of the alien act, it is affirmed hy the resolution: 1.
That it exercises a power nowhere delegated to the Fed-
eral Government. 2. That it unites legislative and judicial
powers to those of the Executive. 3. That this union of
power subverts the general principles of free government.
4. That it subverts the particular organization and positive
provisions of the Federal Constitution."
It will be found by the reasoning in the report,
under the second objection, (with which I will
not occupy the Senate,) that the indefinite terms
in which the law was couched, gave force, if not
existence, to that objection. And with a law so
indefinite as the one under consideration, com-
manding the President to dismiss from office alt
who shall be guilty of the acts against which the
law may be supposed to be directed, will he not
be constituted, to a certain extent, legislator,
judge, and executive officer? No other judge, or
even jury, intervenes to inquire into the facts;
and so indefinite are the terms of the bill, that the
field of construction is so wide as to amount to
legislation, and then the President himself is to
execute the law. The President first says what
the law shall mean. He then adjudges the culprit
to have violated it, as so construed, and finally
performs the executive act of dismissal. If this
is not confounding all the powers of Government
in a single individual, it is difficult to conceive
what would be. The bill under consideration,
then, combines all the objections to both the alien
and the sedition law, and ought to be subjected to
the same condemnation, and will doubtless arouse
the same popular indignation, should it become
a law.
I know it may be said that this law operates
upon a peculiar class only, and can never endan-
ger the freedom of the citizens generally. The
same might have been said of the alien law. But
it was not said, or at least it was not successfully
urged. And ig knot obvious that, ifthc principle
n once conceded, the .security of all is gone ? If
Congress has a right to legislate with regard to
one chiss of citizens, why may it not with regard
to all upon the same subject? It is contended
that this is a mere condition annexed to official
tenure, and that Congress has aright to prescribe
the terms upon which officers created by itself
may be held. If the latter proposition be true to
any extent, it can be so no further than may be
necessary to insure official fitness and fidelity. It
cannot be that Congress has an unlimited and ca-
pricious right to attach conditions to official ten-
ure. If so, it might require a man to live single,
to be deprived of some of his limbs or members,
and, under the pretense of official conditions, com-
pel him to submit to every species of tyranny and
degradation, and to barter nil his rights as a citi-
zen, for the poor privilege of holding office. It
is only quasi officers that any law can be made to
operate upon, those who may hold office, which
may not be made to operate upon every other
citizen of the country. Can it be pretended that
because a man accepts office, he is bound hand
and foot to Congress, that he is so far segregated
from the rest of the community, that Congress
acquires over him a power greater than that of a
master over a slave. All the powers of Congress
are to be rigidly and rationally construed, and es-
pecially such as may be abused to the oppression
and disfranchisement of any citizen.
But in reply to the objection against the re-
moval from office,by the President, it is said that
he already possesses that power to an unlimited
extent, and this bill will add nothing to it. There
is great fallacy in this reply. The present power
of removal is held by the President, as the gen-
eral executive officer of the Government, who is
responsible to the people for its proper conduct;
and ought, therefore, to have it in his power to
dismiss any agent for whom he is not willing to
be responsible; and when an officer is removed
under that authority.it is only because the Pres-
ident judges him notqualified. His want of qual-
ification may consist in moral delinquency, or in
want of capacity, but, in either case, he is dis-
