1839.]                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      179
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Strange.
Sesate 
missed not as a punishment for the past, but as
a security for the future. But the bill under con-
sideration enjoins removal expressly as a punish-
ment, and in so doing confounds all constitutional
distinctions, and creates evils similar to those for
which the odious alien law was responsible.
But the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rive?,]
in reply to the constitutional objection to this
bill, cites several cases in which he supposes Con-
gress has or may abridge the liberty of speech,
and quotes, in the first place, the law passed at
this session, prohibiting the carrying or sending
a challenge to fight a duel. In the answer, it is
proper to remark that this expression in the Con-
stitution, *'liberty of speech," has a specific and
well-settled meaning, and is synonymous with
the-right of free discussion, the very thing against
which the bill under consideration is leveled. But
a right of free discussion is not involved in send-
ing a challenge to fight a due!, which is a thing
Hioitiin in se, and forbidden by the laws of every
civilized nation. The right of Congress, there-
fore, to prohibit the sending a challenge, is not
negatived by that clause of the Constitution which
forbids the passage of any law "abridging the
freedom of speech;" and her right to legislate
upon that subject within the District of Columbia
is part of her general exclusive legislative power
over this District, beyond which she has not
attempted, and couid not exercise it.
The Senator next supposes the case of an office-
holder writing a letter or sending a message to a
voter, by which he informs him if he will vote
for such a man he will give him such an office;
and aslts if Congress cannot prohibit and direct
the punishment of such an act? I answer, within
the District of Columbia it can unquestionably.
Such an act, if not actual bribery, it is so very
like it that no moral distinction can be drawn be-
tween them; and I promise the Senator if he will
introduce a bill to prohibit and punish such an
act within the District of Columbia, I will will-
ingly vote for it; and if I thought the power of
Congress over the subject extended so far, I would
vote for it throughout the Union. - But how does
it happen that no such provision is included in
this bill ? I suppose, either because no such thing
has been practiced, or the laws in relation to it
are already sufficiently penal. The Senator lastly
refers to the case of a judicial officer going about
among the crowd at a court-house, and soliciting
jurors to give their verdict in a particular way;
and the Senator asks if this would not be a breach
of official dignity, and subject the transgressor to
impeachment? Unquestionably it would; butas
I see no similarity between the case supposed,
and the one under consideration, it would be an
idle undertaking to point out their differences.
IV. I now proceed to another objection to the
bill under consideration, and that is, that it is
based upon a radically false notion and estimate
of the people of this country. A belief seems to
pervade the whole Opposition party, that the peo-
ple are stupid, ignorant, gullible, and altogether
unfit for self-government, and require to be guarded
by law against themselves. This I hold to be ut-
terly untrue. If a man acquires influence among
the people, it must be upon the strength of a char-
acter for integrity and devotion to the interests of
the commonwealth, and a capacity for under-
standing well those interests. But so far from
this influence being increased by his promotion
to office, it is often, if not generally, greatly di-
minished. The people are, if anything, "over
suspicious, but it is erring on the safe side, and,
therefore, I will not complain of it. Let them for
a moment suspect a man to have any private in-
terest in a question, and his influence, however
great before, is at once paralyzed. This interest
they are ready enough to suspect in an office-
holder, whose established moral worth does not
defy suspicion; and hence an office-holder is
generally dead at the polls, if he does not act-
ually injure the cause he attempts to support.
All experience is in favor of this position, and
wherever the Administration has most office-
holders, there are Us defeats the most signal. It
is true, though an office-holder cannot be efficient
in favor of the Administration under which he
acts, he may be very much so against it. Ap-
parently, then, he is acting against his interests,
and the soundest judgment would infer that noth-
ing but the deepest convictions of right, founded
upon unquestionable means of knowledge, would
induce him so to act.
But a man advocating the administration under
which he serves, is scarcely believed, although
he backs his assertions by the most convincing
proofs. The people are ready enough to adopt
the idea that he who has the control of a man's
bread, has the control of the man, and to act with
correspondent distrust; and in that distrust is the
true security against improper influence, and not
in legislative enactment. It answers well in dec-
lamation to hold up this idea to the people " that
control over the man's bread is control over the
man," in order to keep them watchful, and the
politician deserves no blame for so doing. But
it is a fit subject only for declamation, as applied
to the politics of our country; for however true
as an abstract proposition, there are no facts to
give it application. It is not true that the Presi-
dent has control over the bread of the office-hold-
ers, for he can neither increase nor diminish their
salaries. It is true he may dismiss them from
office, but he cannot do so without danger to
himself, except upon sufficient reason. So far is
it from being true that the President can exercise
this control, that it has become exceedingly fash-
ionable for the office-holders to tie clamorous
against him; and it is little less than a libel upon
the people of this country to say that there is
dangerof their being controlled by the office-hold-
ers, or that they may be seduced by them into
giving improper votes. A few individuals here
and there may possibly he influenced, but no
general control can be exercised. Man is frail
m his best estate, and may be corrupted; and if
the means existed to sufficient extent, bribery
might control the elections. But stopping short
of that, the agents of the Administration, should
it think proper to employ any, would be worse
than useless in procuring votes. Happily, the
means of bribery are very limited, and the offense
is already sufficiently checked by the laws of the
States, who possess the only competent author-
ity upon the subject.
V. But there is an objection to the bill, which,
if possible, lies still deeper than those before no-
ticed.    Whether taken as it stands, or amended
as proposed, it is essentially one of the most ty-
rannical measures ever proposed in this body.
1.  In the first place, it sets forth the offense pro-
posed to be punished in terms so very indefinite,
that an act, inconsiderable in itself, may become
the subject of most enormous punishments.    It
is a maxim lying at the foundation of all whole-
some government, that the punishment should,
j in the sense of the community, bear some pro-
I portion to the offense.    This principle is by this
| ijill utterly disregarded.    If a man shall but say
a certain candidate is well qualified for the office
to which he aspires, he must, in the present form
of the bill, be declared infamous, and fined §500,
and, either in its present or amended  form, be
| dismissed from office.    Now does any man per-
¡ ceive a just proportion here between the offense
and the'punishment?    Well might the report say
! the people of this country would never consent
: to  the  execution   of such a  law.    They   never
| would agree that a man who holds an office ema-
| nating from them should be thus bowed down in
1 a slavery more grinding than that of any Afri-
i can in the country.
| 2. It is tyrannical, in that it invades the sanc-
¡ tity of the private circle, and begets suspicion
■ and jealousy and caution where the most un-
bounded confidence and freedom should forever
reign. Under it a man's own household may fur-
nish enemies for his destruction. As the bill
stands, the hope of gain is held out to them to in-
duce its members to become so; and, should one
of them think proper to charge him falsely, there
is no mode of rebutting the charge; he cannot
prove a negative. The son may unwillingly be
made the accuser of his own father; nay, in the
progress of depravity, one may be found a swift
witness in the destruction of a venerable parent.
English history furnishes such instances. The
consciousness that the slightest expression may
be construed into a persuasion or dissuasion, will
! cause one member of the same family to look with
suspicion upon, and speak with caution before,
another. The great value of our institutions of
Government is the security and protection they
throw around the domestic circle; but when they
are rendered the destroyers of all its confidence
and innocent freedom, they may truly be said to
be worse than war, pestilence, and famine. Let
us suppose a case: a venerable man, surrounded
by sons and sons-in-law—one who has grown
gray in the service of his country—is the holder
of an office; his sons and sons-in-law hold con-
versation in his presence respecting some pending
election, and he finds them all inclined to vote in
favor of a man whom he knows to be a Catiline
at heart, and ready to seize the earliest opportu-
nity of prostrating the institutions of his country;
yet is he condemned to silence, or doomed to en-
dure the penalties of this ruthless law! Or, to
make the case still stronger, one of these persons,
who are by nature entitled to the fruits of his
wisdom and experience, turns to him and asks
his opinion. His lips are sealed; he dare not utter
a word; and from one of the holiest offices of pa-
ternal love is cruelly cut oiF. Can a bill produc-
ing such results deserve any countenance from the
Senate? Does it not fill every bosom with horror
in their contemplation?
3.   It is tyrannical, inasmuch as it interferes
with the rights of common conversation among
neighbors. If a man is so unfortunate as to hold
an office, however intimate the footing upon
which he may be with a friend, politics, that
subject so interesting to every man under a
free Government, must be altogether excluded
from their conversation. It is impossible to con-
ceive of tyranny more absolute than that which,
stands forth embodied in this bill.
4.    Again, this tyranny is rendered doubly
oppressive to its victims from its partial op-
eration. Distinctions are made by it between
different classes of office-holders. Misery loves
company, and the sorrows of the captive are al-
ways embittered by contrasting his condition
with that of those who are sporting in the air of
freedom. Why is this distinction made among
different classes of office-holders ? Are those upon
whom the law is intended to operate more likely
to be mischievous than those who are left free
from its fetters? Surely not. The humble offi-
cers are the subjects of the law, while the aris-
tocratic officers are left free. The district attor-
neys, those gentlemen on whose lips dwell the
notes of soft persuasion, are left at large to prac-
tice such electioneering arts as may suit them.
Unfortunately, but few officers are found friendly
to the Democratic cause; This is not the time
or place to inquire into the reason, but it is a
melancholy truth that a very large portion of the
lawyers and merchants of the country are op-
posed to a Democratic administration of the Gov-
ernment.
5.   A fifth objection to the bill is, that it forces
upon the Executive removal from office. I speak
not of it now as I did when I objected to it as
an invasion of the Constitution similar to that
of the alien law, but in a totally different point of
view. How frequently do we hear upon thia
floor of Executive patronage, and what com-
plaints are made whenever the President exer-
cises his constitutional power of removal ? It
never happens but the motives of the President
are impugned, and the torch of party strife is
lighted'. This bill proposes greatly to multiply
and aggravate this evil. Whenever any one shall
be removed under it, the elements- of civil strife
will be set in motion. Every man removed will
have his friends, who will question the propriety
of the act. They will conceive that a stigma has
been unjustly placed upon one whom they esteem
and love, and in their efforts to remove that stig-
ma they will endeavor to hurl the magistrate from
his place. Politicians will lay hotd of this ex-
citement, and political fueds, now sufficiently bit-
ter, will more and more distract the nation. The
fabled apple of discord, if caused to roll abroad
through the country, could scarcely bo more
fruitful in the production of strife.
VI. Another objection to the bill is that it is
calculated to degrade morally the holders of office.
It will fix upon them a disgraceful mark, and-
lower them in their own estimation.   Who does
