18?                                          APPENDIX TO. .THE CGNGREgSKWAL GLOBE.                          [Febiuary 13,
25tb Gong....3d Sess.
JpUrferenéi in Election*—Mr.
Strang .
Senate.
not know, who has not felt, the sustainmg-power
of a consciousness of being held in high moral
estimation by Ins fellow roen against the pies*
suit of temptation' As long as a man cap main-
tain a consciousness of his own moral elevation,
theie is little dinger of his falling into disgiace-
ful acts, but as soon as you force him to place a
low estimate on bis own moial woith, you ac-
complish one step  at least, in his downwaid
piojiess When you fix on him the sticma of
bisen?st., you go far towaids prepaung him for
bast deeds Upon the geneial moral elevation of
oui citizens depends the peimuncncy of our in-
stitution^. By degiadmg your officers, you tend
towaids the degradation ot the people also. "A
little lqaven leaveiieth the wholelurap," and with
still moie rapidity does moral contagion spread
through society This iarto me, a poweiful ar-
gument against the bill
But all arguments, in favor of the bill having
failed, an tiFp.it is madq to rest it upon that which
is always íesorted to far the suppoit of that
which has nothing else to sustain it—pieccdcnt
Anil fiom whence is the precedent drawn ' Fiom
England ' And at the vei y mention of the mime
of tus;land, the heart oí" the Senator fiom Vir-
ginia fRIi Run] seemed to be warmt d with a
soit of sacied fin,, and ho buist foilli into an im-
passioned eulogium uponhei institutions, Icould
not but be lemunleil of Mi Hamilton's lemaik,
that thje Butish constitution, with all its coi-
ruptions, was the most perfect system of Gov
eminent that evei existed We have heard
enough, m by gone yoais, of English institu-
tions——
"Mr. RIVES disclaimed liming eulogized But-
lsh institutions as they existed. He spoke merely
of the great punciplca they contained
Mi.SrRAtiGt 1 certainly «lid misundeistand
the Senator, ashe has explained huí) sell,as, I doubt
not, correctly. Hut ltisnotsimrulat t should have
misundirstood lum, foi the drift of the nigument
was calculated to mislead me A piectdintis
cited fiom England, and the object is to give force
to that precedí ut. The naiuml modi of doing so
y/iih to laud and commend to oui fnvoi those in-
stitutions, of uhi< h the piutdmt loiistuntctl a
pnit,aud not tottilogiic m-ieabstrnctpuniiplt s,
winch had no particulai < onni i tion with tlu pit -
cedent But It t that pass I belli \i mystlf the
Bitlish constitution has many e\cf Hi mus, but I
beln ve, alt.ii, it is thormglily sonlud with toi-
ruption thumji nil lis pons I do not btln vt,
with the Siimtor, tint lh< fici punciph s of oui
Goviinment weie dcuvtd fiom the UtilisH con-
-Ulution Those gieit | uiuipli shad then exist-
enei m tho eleni heads and ptue Ik aits of the fia
meis of our C institution Tin y did not nigiaft
them into oui Constitution because they weiein
thi Butish They ischewi d the evils of the Butish
constitution, but tin y did not throw away any-
thing th it was good Wcuiiai it hippencd to be
then . 1 admit they sm\ev(d the long tiaok of
agís, and gathered liom it t ltugi stoik of expe-
rn n< c The histoi y of England formed a portion
of then study, and hi lped tin m in mituung th< n
gieat designs, but ihe^u at piuiciples upon which
they acted existed without the Butish tonstitu-
lion Our Constitution contains many things in
common with tin Butish, but it is pinged of Us
«onupiions, and I, foi one, am unwilling to sec
them itstoied. Was it because Liutish institu-
tions were fiee and equal, and just m then op-
eration, that oui foiefathers fled fiom the com-
forts of home aijd civilization to build upan empire
in the- western wilderness ' I havealwaj s h( aid
it was foi a very dificirnt leason. It was, as I
hu\( learned, thut thej might íeai a fabnoof
hlerty, in whi-h they might enjoy, unmolested,
toose liglite and pnvileges imstimable to them,
which tho Butish <om>titution did not secuie
But it is not only insisted that we ought to follow
this English precedent, but that, in fact, theie is
a greater necessity foi ¡.ueh a provision heie than
in England
We are told, in substance, that liberty is in
mou d inger fiom the encroachments of the Pres-
idí ut of the United States than from those of the
King of Great Britain, and that because the one
is elective and the other hereditary. And is this
indeed so '   It is. wonderful, then, that our fore-
fathers, in their admiration of the British consti-
tution, had not bonowed from it an hereditary
monarch along with the other admirablefeatuies.
It is strange they did not guard against the dan- I
geis of an elective Chief Magistiate. Their |
views, I fancy, must have differed fiom those of
the Senator fiom Vngmia. The Senator then
proceeds to point out the enormities which gave j
rise to the precedent, and draws a glowing pic- |
ture of the tyianny of the Stuarts. It is a little
singulai that, among the many tyiannical kings t
of England, whenever gentlemen wish to portray
a tyiant, they pounce upon one of these unfor
túnate Stuart kings I am not the advocate of
the Stuarts, nor do I deny the right of the people
of England to expel this family and choose their
own ruléis, but I must insist they were not the
most tyrannical of the Butish kings, and that
when Butain exchanged the weak and bigoted
James for his ungrateful son-m-law, (to say the
least of him,) they did not commit themselves to
the government gf one who was no less a tyrant.
But what were the tyrannical acts of these odious
btuai ts to which the Senator has called oui atten-
tion' The first is closeting with members of Par-
liament, and it is intimated that similar acts havi
been piacticed in tins countiy When, 1 would
ask' if the Senator had specified time and plací ,
poihaps a more definite answer mtiiht bp given
to the chaigc. But how does the Senator know
that it has been piacticed ' Has he anything but
vague and uneeitain rumoi' I admit, if it has
been piacticed in the sense intimated by the Sen-
ator, "it is a guevous fault, and guevously
should Cajsar (or anybody eUt) answci it " But
does tho Senatoi speak ex catltediat Does he
mean to say it was practiced when he is supposed
to have had, in a pecuhai degree, the cm of the
Executive' If so, ho ought to have mfoimed us
of this befoie There was a lime when it was
his light, and oven his duty, to have made the
tlisclosuie Butafiei having slumbcitd upon, I
will not say his rights, but his duly, for so long
a time, it seems a Iitth out of place to make the
thaigt now. It fou ibly it minds me of an anee-
dott which is said to have oceurit d ¡>onic yeais
ago in my own town
Tlure lesuled a c rttun preacher, remaiknble
foi his eloqinnce, and equally so foi his high es-
timate of his own poweis Their- ahoiisid d a
lawyei, for advanced m life, who, although not
much niteiestcd in matters of uligion, yi t foi
fashion's sake, or the pit asme deuvtd fiom list-
ening to the (loquence of tho preacher, ooasion-
ally went to heai him, and especially of anevt n-
mg, when a heaity dinner, washed down with a
glass or two of good wine, rendered the lawyoi
lather inclined to doze Under these circumstan-
ics, even the eloquence of the preacher, did not
seivo always to keep him awake. This lather
nettled the divine, who could not bear to think
that any intelligent listenei could fall asleep undei
his exhortations One Sabbath evening lie took
the lawyer to ask for this violation of deooium,
and by way ofcnforcmghisadmonition, " Doyou
not know," said he, " that I will be culled upon
at the last day to testify against you foi all these
things'" " If you should be called upon," re-
plied the leady lawyer," I do not doubt you will
willingly testify, for 1 have always heard the
greatest rogues aie apt to turn State's evidence "
Now I do not mean to apply any oppiobnous
epithet to the Senator fiom viiginia, or to insin-
uate that he has acted dishonestly. I only mean
forcibly to convey the idta that a mm bunging
such cliaiges againstan Administration of which
he once formed a pait, and with which he has
since fallen out, does notstand in an enviable po-
sition But if, as I believe, the Senatoi had noth-
ing but idle íumor wberton to ground his charge,
he is ceitamly to blame in lending the sanction of
his name, fiom the place he occupies, to an accu-
sation so grave, upon such authority, and basing
thereupon a senous argument
The next complaint against the Stuarts is, that
circulars were issued advising, commanding, and
seducing the people to vote for particular candi
dates, and the Senator again intimates that the
same thing has been practiced in this country,and
singles out the Secietary of Wai as the guilty
person.   He then burst forth into an impassioned
eulogy upon the distinguished gentleman ivhom
he supposes to have been the victim of this in-
terference. Now I am not at all disposed to ques-
tion the merits of the gentleman on whom the
eulogy is bestowed, 01 to deny its justice But
I must be pardoned for saving it is out of place
at present, as the defeat of that gentlemin hi"
nothing to do with the subject undei discussion.
I have high authority for declaring that the chaigo
against the Secietarv is altogethei founded m
misapprehension It the gentlemen on the other
side have any cause to complain of him upon
that subject, it is foi refusing to intermeddle in
the election. It is known to every one, that up
to the time of his taking office under the present
Administration, no man stood higher before the
country, for his talent, his patiiotism, and moial
worth, than the Secietary of War. On an im-
poitant occasion he sigiiahzed the honor of your
Hag, more than he could have done had he borne
it in triumph ovei an ensanguined field But no
sooner does he become a member of th< Admin-
lstiation, than the shafts of malice are leveled at
his fame. Sueh is the Moloch spirit of paity,
and that, too, finione; thosi whoeiy outthe loudest
against paity f Nay, moie,upon the vague sui-
mises of a paity piess, a chaige is solemnly
bionght agnnst him upon the ilooi of the Senate.
These v\eie some of the evils complained of
undo tho Sttuuts, and this is the pn cedent of
facts, and these evils, we aie told, the gloiious
H7ngs of that day atttmpted to lemtdyi and I
fancied theie was, something in the manner ami
tone of voice, in the allusion to thegionews Whigs
of that day, which seemtd to glance off to the
gZouous ?i lugi of the present day, on this side of
tho Atlantic, and I thought tl eie was an intima-
tion that the gimious Whigs of this day should
mutate tho glmwus Wings of that in their noble
achievements. Then was a time, I think, when
the Senator fiom Viiginia would not be found
eheeung on the Whigs of the present day to any
t titerpiibt, wh< n hi would have looked upon any
tiiuniph ot tin in, as a ti luinph ovei the tiuciu-
tuests of the country What, then, hat. v, i ought
this t h m_,e in his opinion and íeehngs ' Eqt I do
not dt sue to abrume tiie office of taiechtst to the
Stnatoi,oi toundti him my political catechu-
men 1 will content myself with the inquuy, if
the Senator does not desire the tnumphs ot the
Whigs of the piesent day, why this significant
stiess upon tho gloi ions Wlugt of Lngland ' But
it the glouous precedent must be followed, why
stopshoit' We have seen what was the pie-
ccdent of fact, let us now see what is the pieee-
dent of law It was not only that office holdcis
should not meddle in elections, but that they
should not vote, and that no public contractor
should sit in Parliament. If the precedent is to be
oui guide and reason for artion, why stop shoit
of the point to which it conducts' Is it the inten-
tion of gentlemen, when they have earned out the
principle of prohibiting interference, to go still
further, and adopt all the featuies of the piece-
dent' There is great foice and beauty and pro-
priety in the favorite maxim of tho Senator. t( It
is the first step that costs," and never was there
a time when this ma'tim more deserved to be
heeded Imagination, following the direction in
which this bill points, is incapable of perceiving
the termination of us course, but enough is pei-
ceived to make us start back with horror. But if
gentlemen had thought of pressing theirmeasure
to the fullest extent of the precedent, they know
that the people of this country are not piepared
for such a step. This is a mere tentative measuie
The people are first tried with a lighter chain,
and when accustomed to that, the heavier will
be applied According to the remark of that
great man, a part of whose essay I read from
the Globe of yesterday, the tendency of this bill
is to weaken the confidence of the people in their
officers.
But there is, in truth, no parallel between the
complaints of the Whigs of England of that day,
and the Whigs of this countiyatthis The Eng-
lish Whigs complained of the personal interfer-
ence of the Kmg, or duectly through his officers.
But the bill is predicated upon a supposed inter-
ference of the office-holders, from their own head
and imagination, and not upon the instigation of
