IM                                                            ÁPPENtHl TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     [February 15,
25th Cóng....3d Sess.
raneousexpounders of the Constitution; and, sir,
they were the sentiments of my colleague, when
he delivered his speech, in 1834, if I can under-
stand plain English. Yet, sir, I know it has been
recently attempted so to explain the above ex-
tract, as to give to it a meaning totally different
from that which I gave, when I read it first, and
which I give now. The word practicable is
seized upon to pervert its true meaning, and make
this a Government of State bank paper money.
Mr. President, coíemporaneoiísconstruction of lan-
guage is frequently, and most justly, resorted to
in cases of doubt or difficulty. It has been a
most efficient aid in settling doubtful phrases in
our glorious Constitution. "We are not without
that aid in the present difficulty. Three days
after the above speech of my colleague was de-
livered, Mr. Webster, in a, speech on the re-
moval of the deposits, said:
" Ttie second suggestion is that which was made by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Uives.] That hon-
orable member pledges himself to brine forward a propo-
sition, having for its object to do away with the paper syUem
aiíogeí/ter, and to return t,o an entire metallic currency. I
do not expect that the honorable member will find much
support in such an undertaking. Merc sold and silver cur-
rency, and the entire abolition of paper, la untsuited to the
times. The idea has something a little too Spartan in it.
We might as well think of going to iron at once. If such
a result as the gentleman hopes for were even desirable, I
regard its attainment as utterly impracticable and hopeless.
I lay that scheme, therefore, out of my contemplation."
Mr. Clay, in a speech on the same subject,
said:
" And what arc the remedies proposed by those in pos-
session of the Government? None—none. Idle and vis.
fonary and chimerical schemes are, indeed, sometimes
thrown out i but even they are not seriously proposed. A
member, not now in Ins seat, [Sir. Hives,) had bUggostcd
one of those schemes, which is to banish all paper circula-
tion, and to report exclusively to hard money. A more wild
and impracticable project never entered into the head of
man. 
Here is cotemporaneóus construction for you.
With theunderstandingóf two such men, present
on the occasion of delivering this speech, with my
own understanding of it at the same time, and
that of everjr human being who I heard speak of
it, I must be excused for not yielding my opinion
to any quibble about the meaning or import or
bearing of a single word. I should like to know,
sir, whether my colleague is now in favor of the
"hardmoney Government" the fromers of the Con-
stitution intended to make ours? I should like to
know the advent of the time when he now thinks
it will be practicable to " return to a metallic cir-
culation ? ' As he advised, the Bank of the United
States, which he considered the great impediment
to his political and financial millennium, was per-
mitted to go down. And I should like, further-
more, to know whether he expects his litter of
State batiks, trading on all the revenues of the
Government, are likely to supply the " ordinary
channels of circulation with gold and silver," and to
aid in the " effort to restore the Government to its
true constitutional character and destination—that
of a stnt/)¿e, solid, hard money Government 1" But,
Mr. President, I will not longer dwell on this
topic, but go on to define my position in regard
to others.
I read attentively, at the earliest opportunity,
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to the call of my colleague on that officer,
in regard to the manner of his executing the law
authorizing him to sell the bonds of the Bank of
the United States. And here, sir, permit me to
remark, that I have not the least doubt but that
the course of my colleague on that occasion was
strictly parliamentry, because it was permitted;
but it was certainly novel and unusual, to say the
least of it. On that call he made a long speech,
condemning in unmeasured terms that officer on
the very points on which, by the permission of
the Senate, he was about to seek information.
Yes, sir, my colleague made three long speeches
against the Secretary of theTreasury.in the first,
he prejudged him without hearing; in the second,
he condemned him without a trial; and in the
third, he attempted to execute him without the
*' benefit of clergy."
Mr. President, it is a mournful fact, that,
owing to the imperfection of language, there is
nothing which the wisest man can indite that
ingenunity cannot pervert to mean something to-
tally different from what the anther intended to
Interference in Elections—Mr. Roane.
convey; and had I, sir, perhaps, read the Secre-
tary's report with the same querulous temper
and morbid feeling which seems to possess my
colleague in regard to that officer, and also pos-
sessed the same ingenuity in collating and con-
struing language to mean exactly what I wish it
to mean, 1, too, might have discovered black
spots, and picked many f.aws in it. But I do
declare, that after an attentive perusal, with a
sincere desire to see them, that report did not
strike me as being in any manner obnoxious to
the severe criticism and harsh rebukes which my
colleague had in anticipation bestowed upon it.
After his second speech, his review of the docu-
ment, in which he confidently asserted that its
appearance had fulfilled all its predictions about
it, I read it a second time with increased atten-
tion, and a similar desire to detect its vices; and
I was alike unsuccessful in discovering the frauds
and cheats and juggling by which it had been
characterized. Nothing upon earth is further
from my mind than to believe that Government
has any the remotest idea of forming any the
slightest connection with the banks, further than
is justified by existing laws, is demanded by the
creditors themselves of the Government, orgrows
out of the necessity arising from the neglect,
nay, sir, I may almost say the refusal, of Con-
gress to provide and designate sufficient deposi-
tories for the funds of the Government. If such
an intention were manifested, it would, sir, be for
those with whom I act to complain, and complain
they would. It would seem to me that it would
be a source of pleasure to my colleague, unless,
indeed, he goes entirely for victory, and will not
use banks at all, except in the precise manner,
and to the precise extent, he may think right
and proper.
Sir, one of these bonds was sold. There is the
solemn, written contract for cash. But my col-
league denies that any cash was paid, because,
1 suppose, the Spanish milled dollars were not
lugged all the way from Philadelphia to this city,
and counted out to the Treasurer. The money,
sir, was wanted for immediate use; and why?
Because, sir, Congress sat here from the first
Monday in December, 1837, to the 9th day of
July, 1838, and did not, till the last moments of
the session, make provision to meet the debts of
the nation; most of them, too, growing out of
appropriations made by that very Congress, when
they knew there was not money on hand to meet
them. That is the reason the money was wanted
for immediate use; but it was not wanted here.
It was wanted in Florida, on the Canadian fron-
tier, and at distant points in the far West, and
elsewhere, to pay your Army and Navy, and
Other public creditors; and was, in my opinion,
wisely and prudently left in Philadelphia, whence
it could be with facility and certainty, and "with-
out cost or charge" to the Government, remitted
when or where it was wanted. Sir, is a sale less
a cash sale, because my convenience or my inter-
eat induces mo to leave the proceeds in the hands
of the purchaser, subject to my order? My col-
league seems to think that the terms of the law,
"cash in hand," or " ready money,*' would re-
quire that the Secretary of the Treasury, or the
Treasurer, should have actually received into his
hands, should have fingered the millions of dollars.
Sir, this sale was, to all intents and purposes, a
cash sale; it so purports to be in the solemn writ-
ten contract; it so proved to be, both to the Gov-
ernment and the bank; and ought so to appear to
my colleague above all others, as it was for specie,
or its equivalent—that is, the notes of specie-
paying State banks, which he thinks " as much
a constitutional currency as gold and silver,"
(which I do not.)
Mr. President, it is no part of my present plan
to go into an analysis or minute defense of the
report of the Secretary. That work has been so
luminously and efficiently performed by my friend
from New York, [Mr. Wright,] that a further
prosecution of it would be supererogation. This,
however, I will say, that after the most careful
examination of his conduct, I do deliberately
think that when the situation of the country, the
peculiar embarrassments of the currency, the
emptiness of the Treasury in consequence of the
failure of Congress timely to provide ways and
means to Meet their heavy drafts upon it—his
Senate.
entire privation, ever since the spring of 1837, of
the ordinary depositories of the public money,
added to the many other difficulties he has had
to encounter, shall be duly and impartially esti-
mated—he ought, and will receive the thanks of
the country for his steady, patient, and untiring
labor, and for his firm, persevering, and success-
ful efforts to keep the currency of the country, as
far as existing laws permit, within the range and
meaning and limitation of the Constitution. But,
Mr. President, the whole tenor and temper of the
speeches of my colleague prove, beyond all doubt,
on the mind of any man who heard them, that it
was notthe humble Secretary at whom his barbed
and poisoned shafts were aimed. On a former,
and a memorable occasion, when another Secre-
tary of the Treasury was the object of bitter de-
nunciation in this Chamber, and was held to be
responsible for acts required by the President to
be done by him, my colleague proved that the
Secretary was but the arm, the organ of the Pres-
ident; and but a few days ago, he said that the
present incumbent was his mere "cat's paw." It
is not with a " cat's paw " that he has been in-
tending to deal on the present occasion. No, sir,
he had higher game in view. It was at the Pres-
ident he aimed his javelin; no man who heard
him can doubt it. And, sir, nothing that he said
more astonished me than to hear him—yes, sir,
him above all other men—reiterating the stale
slang about Executive -patronage, and the " purse
and the sword," and chanting over again the old
" doleful jeremiade " about "a power behind the
throne greater than the throne itself."
Mr. President, I know nothingabout this won-
derful thing called Executive patronage. I have
never tasted of it,and cannot, therefore, speakof
its blighting influence on the moral characterand
independence of those who bask in its sunshme.
There was a time, a few years ago, when it was
said to be used to its utmost extent. Complaints
of its use, and its abuse, were louder during a
portion of General Jackson's administration than
ever before, or since. My colleague was in Con-
gress at that time. I do not recollect that he then
raised his voice against this corrupting influence;
but I do recollect that he received a pretty good
slice of the patronage of that day. During the
same Administration, when a hero, a military
chieftain, a conqueror, a warrior, indeed, who had
done bloody service with his sword, sat in your
presidential chair, there was a prodigious outcry
about this same danger from the " purse and the
sword" in the hands of the Executive. My col-
league was then a member of this body, and boldly-
stepped forward to prove that such an idea was
absurd and ridiculous, inasmuch as the power to
raise money, (the purse,) and the power to raise
armies, (the sword,) were both, by the Constitu-
tion, confined to Congress. The honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, in my eye, [Mr. Ciat,] will
recollect how fiercely my colleague contested this
point with him, and how clearly he put down the
inference he had erroneously drawn from an ex-
pression of Patrick Henry about the States having
parted with the" purse and the sword, "by show-
ing that Mr. Henry only-meant to say that the
States had given to Congress the power to raise
money and to raise armies. And, after all this,
is it not most strange, passing strange, that now,
when a man of peace—a meek, mild, placid man
—one whose whole life has been devoted to civil
pursuits, and who, I dare say, never had an ep-
aulet on his shoulder or á sword upon his thigh,
is the President of the United States, my col-
league should feel alarmed about the " purse and
the sword" being in the hands of the Executive.
Sir, I can scarcely realize this. There is some-
thing amusing in the thought of danger from the
sword in the hands of our little President. Why,
sir, he could hardly lift a grenadier's broadsword;
but, sir, it is the danger from these "legions"of
officers, these " Pretorian bands," whom our
President is to head, sword in hand, and march
to the Capitol, that has seized upon the imagina
tion of my colleague. I hope he will get over his
uneasiness on that score; and I assure him lhat
¡ it is too late in the day to frighten the people by
such talk. If they could not be alarmed by the
sword of Andrew Jackson, they will not be afraid
Of his pacific successor.
■  But this other terrible thing that we- tised, in
