1839.]                                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                     Punishment of Defaulters—Mr. Hubbard.                           '            gE:
and integrity, and the most untiring industry, are
prominent characteristics of the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in -the execution and dis-
charge of the responsible duties of public office.
But what further duties were imposed upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, under the act of 1789,
from which it can, by any possibility, be inferred
that he was to exercise any supervision over the
officers of the customs, so as to be enabled, from
time to time, to ascertain the exact state of their
public accounts? Itis said, and said with truth,
that " he is to decide on the forms of keeping and
stating accounts and making returns;" but it will
be found, on referring to the same act, that in the
first instance, the Comptroller was " to report to
the Secretary the official forms of all papers to be
issued in the different offices for collecting the
public revenue, and the manner and form of keep-
ing and stating the accounts of the several per-
sons employed therein." This was the business
of the Comptroller. He was charged with the
superintendence of the collection of the duties on
imports, and it became his peculiar duty to sub-
mit to the Secretary the forms which he had pre-
sented, for his (the Secretary's) approbation. This
was all; and it seems to me to be idle to contend
that, inasmuch as the Secretary was to decide on
the forms of keeping and stating accounts, and
making returns, that he thereby must necessarily
make himself, and should make himself, ac-
quainted with the true condition and state of the
accounts of the revenue officers, from time to
time. The fact is otherwise, and is known to
be otherwise. With those accounts the Secretary
could not, without a usurpation of power, inter-
fere. Nor could he, in any way or manner, inter-
fere with the specific returns which were made to
the accounting officers of the Treasury.
I will endeavor to show to whom those returns
were to be made, and by whom they were to be
examined. But before doing this, I will proceed
and show some further duties the laws of Con-
gress have imposed upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. By the act of 1789, and by the act of
the 25th of April, 1812, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is charged with the performance of certain
duties in relation to the public lands; but the re-
turns of all sales are made to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. By the act of 10th
of February, 1820, the Secretary of the Treasury
is required to lay before Congress, on the first
Monday of December, annually, oras soon there-
after as possible, the statistical accounts of the
commerce of the United States with foreign coun-
tries for the preceding year; and, by referring to
various acts of Congress, it will be found that cer-
tain, but well defined, duties have been, from time
to time, imposed upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; but I state, fearless of contradiction, that,
from 1792 to the present time, there cannot be
found a single statutory provision requiring the
Secretary of the Treasury, or giving any author-
ity to that officer, to supervise the returns of the
collectors of the customs, or in any way or man-
ner to control the accounts of collectors and re-
and geneniMy to perfotm all such services relative to the
finances as he shall he directed to perform."
These constitute all the duties devolving upon
the Secretary of the Treasury, under the act of
1789, when that Department was first established.
And what is their sum? It would seem to be dif-
ficult to misapprehend the precise meaning of the
terms of the section contained in the act above
recited.
1. '■' He is to prepare and lay before Congress at the com-
mencement of each session, a report on the subject of
finance, containing estimates of the public revenue and
public expenditures." " Ue is to recommend plans for the
support of public credit," &c.
" He is to superintend the collection of the reve-
nue." This, I admit, was the express provision of
the act of 1789; and from this superin tending pow-
er, vested as it was in the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, the Senator from Massachusetts infers that that
officer must have been derelict in the performance
of that part of his duty, or he would have been
able to have discovered and exposed the frauds
which had been practiced for such a length of time
by the returns of the collector of customs at New
York. Let us examine this matter, and let us
see whether this supervisory power has not, in
effect, been taken from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and devolved upon another, in persuance of
an act of Congress. It will be recollected that,
by the act of 1789, there was provision made for
an assistant secretary, to be appointed by the
Secretary himself. By the act of the 8th of May,
1792, it will be found that the " Secretary of the
Treasury shall direct the superintendence of the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage, as he
shall judge best; that the present office of assist-
ant to the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
abolished; and that instead thereof there be an
officer in the Department of the Treasury, to be
denominated Commissioner of the Revenue, who
shall be charged wilh superintending, under the
direction of the head of the Department, the col-
lection of the other revenues of the United States,''
&c.
Under this discretionary power, given by this
act to the Secretary of the Treasury, it will be
found that, by a circular letter of "October 25,
1792, the immediate superintendence of the collec-
tion of the duties on imports and tonnage was
committed to the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury; but this delegation of power did not include
the disposition and payment of moneys accruing
from such duties. At this period of our history
—as early as 1792—terminated the superintend-
ing power over the collection of the duties on im-
ports and tonnage, created by the act of 1789,
and those very duties were transferred, in pursu-
ance of law, to, and vested in, the First Comp-
troller, who has exercised that power under every
Administration, from that period to the present
time.
It cannot, then, be alleged, with even the shadow
of truth, that the Secretary of the Treasury is
justly chargeable for gross neglect of official duty
m failing to exercise a superintending power over
the collectors of the customs, when that power
was, in pursuance of law, transferred to another
officer in the Department. It cannot be said that
theSecretary of the Treasury stands justly charge-
able for the defalcations which have recently oc-
curred, and which were undiscovered and unde-
tected, when , by the laws of Congress, that officer
is expressly excluded from exercising any juris-
diction whatever over the subject.
My purpose, Mr. President, is to defend the
Secretary of the Treasury from the unmeasured
and unwarrantable abuse which has been cast
upon that officer in Congress and out of Congress
—here and elsewhere—for an alleged neglect of
official duty with reference to the recent defalca-
tions which have taken place in the city of New
York. Whatever may have been the fault of
others, the head of the Treasury is blameless.
Whatever may have been the neglect of other
functionaries, the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment has never failed to perform his whole dui'i,
with all fidelity and integrity. I know him welt;
we were educated at the same institution; native
citizens of the same State; practicing attorneys
in the same courts; fellow-laborers in the same
Legislature; and no man who is not less familiar
with the official history of that man than I am,
Inn must do him the justice to say, that .fidelity
No. 13
ceivers.
But, Mr. President, we are not left in the dark
upon this subject. While the law has defined
the duties of the Secretary of the Treasury, it
has, with equal precision, defined the duties of
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment. And, first, what was the duty of the First
Auditor of the Treasury imposed by the express
terms of the act of 1789 ? and what were the du-
ties of the First Comptroller as imposed by-the
same act? There can be no mistake in this mat-
ter. The terms of the act are plain, and whoever
is disposed may easily understand its provisions;
and, unless there is a disposition to " pierce the
Secretary of the Treasury for the sins of others,"
unless there is a disposition to charge home upon
him the default of every subordinate officer, the
inspection and fair consideration of those provis-
ions cannot fail to produce conviction, that not
upon the Secretary of the Treasury is to be
charged any neglect of official duty, by reason of
which any portion of the public money has been
fraudulently diverted to private use.
By the act of 1789 it is made the duty of the
Auditor "to receive all public accounts, and,
after examination, to certify the balance, and
transmit the accounts, with the vouchers and certifi-
cate, to the Comptroller,for his decision thereon:
Provided, That if any person whose account shall
be so audited be dissatisfied therewith, he may,
within six months, appeal to the Comptroller
against such settlement."
It, therefore, most clearly results that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury can have nothing to do
with the receipt, examination, and adjustment of
these accounts of the collectors of the customs;
for that duty is imposed upon the Auditor, by the
| same act which requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to submit to Congress an annual state-
ment of the public finances. The Auditor is re-
quired to receive and examine theseaccoants, with
the vouchers; and there is no other officer desig-
nated in the acts of Congress to whom these ac-
counts, with the vouchers, shall, in the first in-
stance, be transmitted. They are not only tp be
received and examined with the vouchers, but
they are to be adjusted and audited by the Audi-
tor; and a certificate of balance in all casis, with
the accounts and vouchers, is to be transmitted,
not to the Secretary of the Treasury,, for his,re-
vision, but to the Comptroller, who is to reexamine
all accounts settled by the Auditor, and " to cer-
tify the balances arising thereon," not to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but to the Register, whose
duty it shall be " to preserve such accounts, with
their vouchers and certificates;" and whose fur-
ther duty it is " to transmit to the Secretary of
the Treasury copies of the certificates of balances
of accounts adjusted, as is herein directed." The
accounts, with the vouchers, are nowhere required
to be placed with the Secretary of the Treasury,
for his examination; but simply a certificate of
balances is transmitted to that officer, to enable
him not only to make drafts to satisfy the public
creditors, but also to enable him to make his an-
nual statement to Congress of receipts and ex-
penditures. It does seem that this highly vigilant
and most faithful public officer has been most
unjustly assailed with reference to this matter.
1 again say that, with the accounts and the
vouchers of the collectors of the customs, the
Secretary of the Treasury has as little to do as
any member of this Senate. 1 speak not without
some authority upon this matter. The time was
j when it was supposed that the Secretary of the
Treasury, from the fact of his being the head of
the Treasury Department, had an appellate juris-
diction over this whole subject; and the time was
when it was supposed that the President of the
United States, from the fact of his being the
highest officer under our Government, must neces-
sarily possess a controlling influence over the
decisions of those subordinate officers, the Audi-
tor and the Comptroller; and on sundry occasions
an appeal has been taken from the decision of
the Comptroller to the President himself; and
that, too, with reference to these very accounts,
the consideration and final decision of which were
imposed upon the Auditor and Comptroller by
the express terms of the act of 1789, and which
duty has not at any subsequent period been in
the slightest degree abated or altered. This ap-
peal to the President drew forth the opinion of
the law officer of the Government, in relation to
the power of the President over that subject, ac-
cording to the existing laws of the land.
I will subjoin the opinion of the then Attorney
General, Mr. Wirt, and I will also add to that,
the opinion  of the late Attorney General, Mr.
i Taney, upon the same subject.   From their legal
1 opinions, as well as from the language of the act
j of 1789, there is no room even to doubt that the
I accounting officers of the Treasury, the Auditor
j and Comptroller, have the sole and the exclusive
I jurisdiction over this whole subject, and that their
decision is final, and that it is without the power
of any other officer of the Government to alter
or reverse their decision.    Congress, and Con-
gress alone, can grant relief, if injustice has been
Hone to the officer rendering the account.    I be-
lieve that in no instance, since the act of 1789,
has the Secretary of the Treasury undertaken to
reexamine the adjudications of the Comptroller.
In the language of the ordinance of the 11th of
September, 1781, " that, when an account is au-
dited in the manner described, itshall be reported
to the Comptroller; and any person who shall
think himself aggrieved by the judgment of the
Auditor, shall have the privilege of appealing to
