1839.3
APPENDS TO THE GÜNGRESSIOTMu sGLOBE.
80S
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Buchanan.
Senxtb.
State of Pennsylvania surrendered to Congress
the right of depriving any of her citizens, who
may accept office under the General Government,
of the freedom of speech or of the press? Where
is it declared hy the Constitution, either in ex-
press terms, or from what clause can it be fairly
inferred, that Congress may make a forfeiture of
the dearest of aH political rights an indispensable
condition of office? Each one of the people of
Pennsylvania, under her constitution and laws,
is secured in the inalienable right of speaking his
thoughts. The State, as well as each individual
citizen, has the deepest interest in the preserva-
tion of this right. I ask thegentleman to lay his
finger on the clause of the Constitution by which
it has been surrendered. Where is it declared,
or from what can it be inferred, that because the
States have yielded to the Federal Government
their citizens to execute public trusts under the
General Government, therefore they have yield-
ed the rights of those citizens to express their
opinions freely concerning public men and public
measure ? The proposition appears to me to be
full of absurdity. In regard to the qualifications of
electors, the States have granted no power what-
ever to the United States. This subject they
have expressly reserved from Federal control.
The Legislatures of the States, and they alone,
under the Constitution, possess the power of pre-
scribing the qualifications of the electors of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives in Con-
gress. They have reserved the same power to
themselves in regard to voters for the choice of
electors for President and Vice President.
What, then, does this bill attempt? To sepa-
rate two things which reason and the Almighty
himself have united beyond all power of separa-
tion. You might as well attempt, by arbitrary
laws, to separate human life from the power of
breathing the vital air, as to detach the elective
franchise from freedom of thought, of speech, and
of the press. In this atmosphere alone can it
live and move and have its being. To speak his
thoughts is every free elector's inalienable right.
Freedom of speech and of the press are both the
sword and the shield of our Republican institu-
tions. To declare that, when the citizens of a
State accept office from the General Government,
they thereby forfeit this right to express an opin-
ion in relation to the public concerns of their own
State and of the nation, is palpable tyranny. In
the language referred to in the report, " it puts
bridles into their mouths and saddles upon their
backs," and degrades them from the rank of a
reasoning animal. The English precedent of the
Senator was wiser, much wiser, in depriving these
officers of the right of suffrage altogether. It docs
not attempt to separate, by the power of man,
two things which Heaven itself has indissolubly
united.
If, therefore, the Constitution contained no ex-
press provision whatever prohibiting Congress
from passing any law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press, I think I have shown con-
clusively that the power to pass this bill could
not be inferred from any of its express grants of
power. But the Constitution is not silent on the
subject. Before its adoption by the States, it
was dreaded by the jealous patriots of the day,
that the Federal Government might usurp the
liberties of the people by attacking the liberty of
speech and of the press. They, therefore, in-
sisted upon the insertion of an express provision,
as an amendment, which, in all time to come,
would prevent Congress from interfering with
these inestimable rights. The amendment to
which I have referred was adopted, and these
rights were expressly excepted from the powers
of the Federal Government. And yet, in the very
face of this express negative of Federal power,
we find the Senator from Kentucky coming for-
ward with his bill declaring direct war against
any exercise of the freedom of speech and of the
press by those citizens of the States who happen
to be office-holders under the General Govern-
ment.
But, says the Senator from Virginia, Congress
possess, and have exercised, the unquestionable
power of creating officers under the Constitution;
and they may, therefore, annex to the holding of
these offices such a condition as that prescribed
by the bill, or rather the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Now, sir, what is this but
to say that Congress may declare that any citi-
zen of Pennsylvania who accepts a Federal office
shall take it upon condition that it shall be for-
feited the moment he exercises the dearest polit-
ical right guarantied to him and every other citi-
zen by the Constitution of the United States.
Can Congress impose any such condition upon
an office ? if they can, they can repeal the most
solemn provision of the Constitution, and render
it a dead letter in regard to every person in the
employment of the General Government. All
mankind may then speak and publish what they
please, except those individuals who have been
selected, I hope, generally, for their integrity and
ability, to execute the important public trusts of
the country.
The Senator from Kentucky has adduced sev-
eral precedents to prove that similar powers have
been already exercised by Congress in other
cases. Let us examine them for a moment.
Congress, says he, has declared that an Indian
agent who shall himself trade with the Indians,
shall be punished for this act. But why? It is
because this agent is vested with the power of
granting to our citizens licenses to trade with the
Indians, and thus to take care that they shall not
be imposed upon and cheated. To allow him,
therefore, to trade with them himself, would be
to make him a judge in his own cause, and to
withdraw from them that protection which the
law intended. Besides, Congress have received
from the States, by the Constitution, the power
to regulate commerce with the Indian tribes.
The whole subject is thus placed under their con-
trol. What, then, is this precedent worth? Is
not the trading of an Indian agent with the In-
dians an express and palpable violation of a duty
necessarily involved in his office? Can anything
be clearer than the power and the duty of Con-
gress to punish him for this offense ? But what
interference can there be between the pciform-
ance of the duties required by law from a post-
master, or from any other of the proscribed offi-
cers, and his expression of an opinion to his
neighbor, either for or against any candidate for
public office? If the postmaster, for example,
performs his whole official duty, if he receives
and delivers the letters intrusted to his care, and
regularly settles his accounts with the Depart-
ment, what human power can arbitrarily place a
gag in his mouth, and declare that he shali be
punished for exercising the freedom of speech
and of the press, upon the pretext that the exer-
cise of these rights of a freeman are inconsistent
with the duties of his office? You might just as
well punish him or deprive him of his office for
speaking or writing on natural philosophy or
mathematics, or any other scientific subject.
You would have the same power to violate that
clause in the Constitution conferring upon every
man the free exercise of religion, and punish him
for expressing his opinion on religious subjects,
for attending prayer meetings or bible societies,
or for endeavoring to persuade or dissuade any
member of the religious society to which he be-
longs in relation to the choice of its pastor. The
principle is precisely the same in both cases.
Your whole power hath this extent—no more.
You can punish the officer for neglecting or for
violating the duties which appropriately belong
to his office. You cannot repeal the Constitution
by declaring it to be an official duty that he shall
abandon the constitutional right of speaking his
thoughts upon any subject whatsoever, whether
religious, scientific, orpolitical. In otherwords,
you have no right to declare that he shall become
a slave when he becomes an officer.
A similar answer, if it were necessary, might
be given to the Senator's other precedents. Offi-
cers of the customs are prohibited from owning
any vessel or cargo under a pecuniary penalty.
And why? Because they themselves are to direct
and superintend the entry of vessels and car-
goes belonging to other persons, and the collec-
tion of duties; and to allow them to transact this
business for themselves, would be to make them
judges in their own cause. It would be an evi-
dent violation of the duty naturally attached to
their office.   But will any one contend that their
constitutional freedom of speech, in regard to
candidates for office, is incompatible with the
proper entry or unloading of vessels engaged
either in foreign commerce or the coasting trade?
So the register of a land office is prohibited
from entering lands in his own name; or, in other
words, from selling lands to himself.
Such are the precedents which the Senator has
cited to justify himself in depriving the officers
embraced by his bill of the right of freedom of
speech and of the press.
But I do not mean even to rest the constitutional
question here. From the verynature of the Con-
stitution itself, two great political parties must
ever exist in this country. You may call them
by what names you will, their principles must
ever continue to be the same. The one, dreading
Federal power, will ever be friendly to a strict
construction of the powers delegated to the Fed-
eral Government and to State rights. The other,
equally dreading Federal weakness, will ever ad 
vocate such a liberal construction of the Consti-
tution as will confer upon the General Govern-
ment as much power as possible, consistently
with a free interpretation of the terms of the in-
strument. The one party is alarmed at the dan-
ger of consolidation; the other at that of disunion.
In the days of the elder Adams, the party friendly
to a liberal construction of the Constitution got
into power. And what did they do? Among
other things, in the very face of that clause of the
Constitution which prohibited Congress from
passing any law abridging the free'dom of speech
or of the press, they passed the sedition law
What were its provisions' It punished false
scandalous, and malicious libels against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, either House o.
Congress, or the President, by a fine not exceed
ing two thousand dollars and imprisonment no'
exceeding two years.
At the present day it would be useless to waste
the time of the Senate in proving that this law
was a violation of the Constitution. It is now
admitted that Congress, m passing it, had tian
scended their powers. If any principle has been
established beyond a doubt by the almost unani-
mous opinion of the people of the United States,
it is that the sedition law was unconstitutional.
Such is the strong and universal feeling against
it, that if it could now be revived, the authors
would probably meet a similar fate with those
deluded and despetate men in Fiance who have
themselves lately fallen victims upon the same
altar on which they had determined to sacufice
the liberty of the press.
The popular odium which followed this law
was not so much excited by its particular provis-
ions, as by the fact that any law upon the sub-
ject was a violation of the Constitution, and
would establish a precedent for giving 'such a
construction to it as would swallow up the rights
of the States, and of their people, in the gulf of
Federal power.
The Constitution had declared that " Congrefs
shall pass no law abridging the freedom of speech
or of the press." Its framers well know that,
under the laws of each of the States composing
this Union, libels were punishable. They, there-
fore, left the character of all officers created under
the Constitution and laws of the United States to
be protected by the laws of the several States.
They were afraid to give this Government any
authority over the subject of libels, lest its colos-
sal power might be wielded against the liberty of
the press. Congress were, therefore, prohibited
from passing any law upon the subject, whether
good or bad. It was not merely because the law
was unjust in itself, though it was bad enough
Heaven knows, that the indignant Republicans
of that day rose against it; but it was because it
violated the Constitution. It expired by its own
limitation in March, 1801; but not until it had
utterly prostrated the political party which gave
it birth.
Now, sir, I shall say a few words concerning
the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of 1798:
although the Senator from Virginia may consider
it sacrilege in me to discus? this subject. I havo
at all times, ever since I lead and understood
these resolutions, held to the political doctrines
which they inculcate; and 1 can assure the Sena-
