1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.200
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
eulogy on the wisdom of the Catholic church fot
toletating much fioedom of opinion in non-essen-
tials among its members. A pious, an enthusi-
astic, and an at dent spuit, which, if it belonged
to any Pi otestant church, might produce a schism,
is peimuted to establish a newordei,and thus
to benefit, instead of injuring, the ancient cstab
lishment. I might point to a St Dommick and
a Loyola for examples Now, sir, I admit that
the Whig party is very catholic in this icspect.
It tolerates great difference of opinion. Its unity
almost consists in diversity In that party we re-
cognize " the Democtaticanti-Masoiuc" branch.
Yes, sir, that is the approved name. I need not
mention thenamesofitstwodistmguishedleadeis
The peculiar tenet of this respectable portion of
the universal political Whig church is a hoinblc
diead of the murderers of Morgan, whose ghost,
like that of Hamlet's father, walks abioad, and
levisits the pale glimpses of the moon, seeking
vengeance on his murderers. I wish they could
be found, and punished as they deserve. Though
not Abolitionists in the mass, they do not abso-
lutely re)ect, though they may íeceive with an
awkward grace, the overtures and aid of the Ab-
olitionists. In my poitionof thecountiy, at least,
the Abolitionists aie either mcorpoiated with this
branch of the party, or hang upon its outskirts.
The Senator from Virginia and myself could not,
Í think, go over to this section of the party, nor
would we be received by it into full communion
The Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr Clay] will, I
think, find to his cost that he has done himself
gieatinjuty with this branch of the Opposition,
by the manly and patriotic sentiments which he
expiessed a few days ago on the subject of abo-
lition
Then comes the Whig party proper, in which
the Senatoi fiom Kentucky stands preeminent.
1 need not detail its punciples. Now, I humbly
apprehend that even if the President of the Uni-
ted States should determine to ally himself with
the bank, and force us to abandon him on that
account, neither the Senator from Vnginia nor
myself could find íefuge in the bosom of this
party. We have both sinned against it beyond
forgiveness. We were both in favor of the re-
moval of the deposits—an offense which, with
them, liliG original sin, " brought death into the
wotld, and all oui woe." For this no penitence
can atone.
Again, we both voted for the expunging íeso-
lution, which, in then opinion, was an act of
base subseiviency and man worship, and, withal,
a palpable violation of the Constitution So
dieadful was this offense, that my fuend fiom
Delaware [Mi. Bay urn] will never get over it
He has solemnly pledg d himself to cry aloud
and spare not, until this foul blot shall be removed
fiom the Journals of the Senate. I should be
glad to know why he has not yet introduced his
annual resolution to efface this unsightly stain
fiom the tecQid of our proceedings ?
In short, we should be compelled to form a sep-
aiate branch of the Whig party We should be
the deposit-removing, expunging, force bill, anti-
bank, Jackson Whigs We should cany with
us enough of locofocoism and other combustible
materials to blow them all up. They had bettci
have a care of us
I hope the Senator may yet remain with us,
and be persuaded that his old filends upon this
flooi do not tesemblc either the seivile band m
the Roman Senate, under the first Caesar, or that
which afterwards degraded themselves so low as
to make the favorite horse of one of his success-
ors high priest and consul. He can never be
fully received into the communion of the faithful
Whigs. Although the fathers of the church here
may grant him absolution, yet the rank and file
of the party throughout the country will never
ratify the deed.
I was pleased to hear the Senator from Vir-
ginia, on yesterday, make the explanation which
he did to the Senator fiom North Carolina, [Mr
Strange,] in regard to what he had said in favor
of the British Government I cheerfully take the
explanation. I did suppose he had pronounced
a high-wiought eulogy upon that Government,
but it would not be fan to hold him, or any other
Senator, to the exact meaning of words uttered in
the heat and ardor of debate.
No. 14
I agree with him that we are indebted for sev-
eral of our most valuable institutions to our British
ancestors We have deiived from them the prin-
ciples of liberty established and consecrated by
Magna Charta, the tual by jury, the right of pe-
tition, the habeas corpus act, and the revolution of
1688. And yet, notwithstanding all this, I snould
be very unwilling to make the British Govern-
ment a model for oui legislation in republican
America. Look at its effects in practice. Is it a
Government which sheds its benign influence, like
the dews of Heaven, upon all its subjects? or is
it not a Government where the rights of the many
aie sacrificed to promote the interests of the few '
The landed aristocracy have controlled the elec-
tion of a majority of the membeis of the House
of Commons, and they themselves compose the
House of Loids. The main scope and principal
object of then legislation was to promote the gieat
landed inteiests—that of the large manufactuiers,
and the fund holdeis of a national debt, amount
ing to more than seven hundred and fifty millions
sterling. In order to accomplish these purposes,
it became necessaiy to oppiess the pooi. Wheie
is the country beneath the sun in which paupei-
ísm pievails to such afeaiful extent' Is it not
known to the whole world that the wages both
of agricultural and manufactunng labor aie le-
duced to the very lowest point necessary to sus
tain human existence? Look at Ireland — the
fairest land I have evet seen Hei laboring pop-
ulation is confined to the potato Rarely,indeed,
do they enjoy either the wheat or the beef which
their country produces in such plentiful abun-
dance. It is chiefly sent abroad foi foreign con-
sumption.
The people of England are now struggling to
make their institutions moie free, and 1 trust in
God they may succeed, yet their whole system
is attificial, and, without bieaking it down alto-
gether, I do not perceive how the condition of the
mass of the people can be much ameliorated. In
the present state of the world, no fuend of the
human race ought probably to desne its immedi-
ate destruction We ought to legard it rathei as
a beacon to warn us, than as a model for our imi-
tation We ought never, like England, to íaise
up by legislation any gnat interests oi monopo-
lies to oppress the people, which we cannot put
down without crushing the Government itself
Such is now the condition of that countiy lam
no admuer of the Butish Constitution, eithei in
Church or Slate, as it at present exists I desue
not a splendid Government for this country
Tne Senator fiom Vnginia has quoted with ap- i
probation, and sustanud by argument, a senti-
ment fiom De Tocqueville, to which I can never '
subscube    It is this   that there is sweater dnngei,
uudtr a Govt rnment like ours, that the Chief
Magistiate may abuse his power, than undei a
1 limited monarchy, because, being elected by the |
people, and then sympathies being strongly en-
listtd in his favor, he may go on to usurp the lib- I
| erties of the country with their approbation.         |
Mi   RIVES rose and explained                            i
I     Mi.BUCHANAN   Fiom the gentleman 'sex- |
I planation, I find that 1 did not misquote either his
' piopositionot lusargumtnt. I am soiry bespeaks I
I undei the dominion of so much feeling     I have I
i none at alt on the present occasion     I shall pio-'
ceed, and, at the proper time, and, I tiust, in the
proper manner, give my answer to this proposi- |
tion.
The Senator has introduced De Tocqueville as
authority on this question, and, in oilier to give
greater weight and luster to this authouty, has |
pionounced him superior to Montesquieu    Mon-
tesquieu was a profound thinker, and almost evei y
sentence of his is an apothegm of wisdom.    He
has stood, and ever will stand, the test of time
I cannot compare De Tocqueville with Montes
quieu    I think he himself would blush at such a
comparison
I may truly say that I have never met any
Fienrhman or Englishman who could understand
the complicated relations existing between our
Federal and State Governments In this respect,
De Tocqueville has not succeeded much better
than the rest. I am disposed to quarrel with him
for one thing, and that is, that he is opposed to
the doctrines of the Virginia and Kentucky res-
olutions.   He is one of those old Federalists, in
the true acceptation of that term, who believe
that the powers of the General Government are
not sufficiently strong to protect it fiom the en-
croachment of the States. Hence one great ob-
ject of his book is to pi ove that this Government
is becoming weaker and weaker, while those of
the States are growing stronger and stronger;
and although he does not think the time near,
yet the final catastiophe must be, that it will be
dissolved by its own weakness, and the people
at length, tired of the perpetual struggles of lib-
erty, will finally seek repose in the aims of des-
potism. This result, m his opinion, is not to be
brought about by the strength, but by the weak-
ness, of the Federal Government I might ad-
duce many quotations to this effect from Ms book,
but I shall trouble the Senate with but a few.
He says, in summing up a long chaptei on this
subject:
" I am strangely mistaken if the Federal Government of
the United States be not constantly losing strength, retiring
gradually from public affair , and narrowing its circle qf
acuon more and more It is naturally feeble, but it now
abandons even its pretension? to strength On tiie other
hind, I thought that I remaiked a more lively sense of m
dependence, and a more decided attachment to provincial
governnitnt, in the States The Union is tp subsist, but to
subsist as i shadow, it is to be strong m certain cases, and
weak m all others, in tune ot warfare it is to be afole to
concéntrale all the forces of tfiu nation and all the resources
of the country m its bands , and m time of peace its ex-
istence is to be scarcely perceptible, as if tins alternate
debility and vigor were natuia! or possible "
" 1 do not foiesee anything, ior the present, which may
be able to check tins' genera! impulse of public opinion, the
causes in which it origin nod do not cease to operate with
the same effect I lie change will therefore go on, and it
may be predicted that, unless some extraordmarycveritoc-
curs, the Government of the Union will grow weaker and
weaker every day "
Again:
" =50 far is the Federal Government from acquiring strength
and from threatening the sovereignty of the States, as it
grows older, tb it t maintain it to be growing weaker and
weaker, and that the sovereignty of the Union alone is in
danger "
And again-
"It ma\, however be foreseen even now, that, when the
Americans lose their republican institutions, they will
speedily arrive at a despotic government without a long in-
terval of limited monaiclij "
Speaking of the power of the President, he
says-
' Hitherto, no citizen has ehown any disposition to ex-
pose his honor and ins life in order to become the President
of the Unitid States, beiause the power of that office is
temporaiy, limited, and suhoidinate The prize of fortune
must be ¿lent to encoutagc idventurers in so desperate a
game IVo candid itc lias as jet been able to arouse the
dangerous entnusia in or the passionate sympathies of the
people in Ins favor lor the very simple reason that, when
lie is it the head of the Government, lie b is hut little pow
er, but little w i tllh, uul hut little glojy to share amongst
his friends am! his influence m the State is too small for
the success or the rui i ot a fiction to depend upon the ele-
vation ot an individual to pow< r '
Novv,if this gieatei than Montesquieu is to be
believed, and his. authority is to be ichedupon by
the Senator fiom Virginia, whence his tenor and
alarm lest the power of the President might be
stiengthcned by the influence of the lowei class
of Federal office-holdeis at elections' Why
should they be depnved of the freedom of speech,
and of the press, upon the principle that the
powei of Mr. Van Burén ísdangeious to the lib-
erties of his country' The gentleman's lauded
authouty is entirely against his own position.
Now, foi my own part, I differ altogether from
De Tocqueville Although I do not believe that
the power and patronage of the Piesident can
with any, even the least, justice, be compared
with that of the King of England, yet from the
vciy nature of things, fiom the rapid inciease of
oui population, fiom the number of new States,
ftom our giowmg revenue and expenditures,
from the additional number of officers necessary
to conduct the affairs of the Government, and
from many other causes which I might enumer-
ate, I am con\mced that the Federal Executive
is becoming stronger and stronger Rest assured
he is not that feeble thing that De Tocqueville
represents him to be. Federal power ought al-
ways to be watched with vigilant jealousy, not
with unjust supicion. It ought never to be ex-
tended by the cieation of new offices, except they
are absolutely necessary for the transaction of the
public business.
