210                                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                              [February 14,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                         Interference in Elections—Mr. Buchanan.            t                       "             Senate.
The Whigs will be astonished to learn that, in
the opinion of this author, General Jackson has
greatly contributed, not to strengthen, but to
weaken Federal power.
" Far from wishing to extend it the President belongs to
the party which 13 desirous of limiting that power to the
bare and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never
pats a construction upon that act favorable to the Govern-
ment of the Union j far from standing forth as the cham-
pion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent qf all
the jealousies of the States; and he was placed in the lofty
situation he occupies by the passions of the people which
are most opposed to the central Government."
He states the means adopted by this illustrious
man for destroying his own power. They are:
" 1. Putting down internal improvements.
" 2. Abandoning the Indians to the legislative tyranny
of the States.
" 3. Destroying the Bank of the United States.
" 4. Yielding up the tariff as a sacrifico to appease South
Carolina."
In this list he mentions the abandonment by
Congress of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic land to the new States to satisfy their impor-
tunity. These States will be astonished to learn
that Mr. Clay's land bill, to which they were
so violently opposed, gave them the greatest part
of the revenue derived from this source; and my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Benton] will doubt-
less be much disappointed to hear that President
Jackson had completely adopted the principles
of this bill. De Tocqueville has communicated
this information to us, and he is high authority.
Hear him:
" Congress has gone on to sell, for the profit of the nation
atlurge, the uncultivated lands which those new States
contained. But the latter at length asserted that,' as they
were now fully constituted, they ought to enjoy the exclu-
sive right of converting the produce of these sales to their
own use. As their remonstrances became more and more
threatening, Congress thought fit to deprive the Union of a
portion of the privileges which it had hitherto enjoyed ;
and, at the end of 183-2, it passed a law by which the great-
est part of the revenue derived from the Bale of lands was
made over to the new western republics,although the lands
themselves were not ceded to them."
And, in a note to this passage, the author says:
" It is true that the Presldont refused his assent to this
law; but ho completely adopted it in principle. See mes-
sage of Stll December, 1833."
Here, sir, is a fair sample of the information
•which passes current in Europe in regard to us
and our institutions, and this proceeds from the
modern Montesquieu! Had he been a genuine
Montesquieu,! think he would have said, Gen-
eral Jackson has strengthened the Federal Gov-
ernment by arresting it in its career of usurpation,
and bringing it back to its ancient constitutional
course. Thus all danger of collision, or even of
jealousy, between it and the" States has been
avoided; and, within its appropriate sphere, every
clog has been removed from its vigorous action. It
has thus become more powerful. Love of the
Union is a sentiment deeply seated in the heart
of every American. It grows with his growth,
and strengthens with his strength; and never was
it stionger than at the present moment. One
great cause of this is, that General Jackson has
denied himself every power not clearly granted
by the Constitution; whilst he has, with a firm-
ness and energy peculiar to himself, exerted all
those which have been clearly conferred upon the
General Government.   But enough of this.
Now, sir, 1 cannot agree with the Senator from
Virginia, according to the explanation which he
has given, that there is greater danger of usurpa-
tion by an elective President than by a limited
hereditary monarch. His was an argument to
rove that, in this respect, a limited monarchy
as the advantage over our republican form of
Government. If this be true, then our Govern-
ment, in one particular at least, is worse than that
of England. Now, sir, upon what argument does
the gentleman predicate this conclusion? Does
he not perceive that'it is upon an entire want of
confidence in the people of the United States ? He
fears their feelings may become so enlisted in
favor of some popular Chief Magistrate who has
been elected by their suffrages, their passions
may become so excited, that he may ride upon
their backs into despotic "power. Now, I do not
believe any such thing. I feel the utmost confi-
dence in the people. As long as they remain in-
telligent and virtuous, they will be both able and
willing to defend their own cause, atid protect
their own liberties from the assaults of a usurper,
whether they be open or disguised. Their pas-
sions will never drive them to commit suicide
upon themselves. It is true the people may go
wrong on some questions. In my opinion, they
have recently gone wrong in some of the States;
but I rely upon their sober second thought to cor-
rect the evil. On a question, however, between
liberty and slavery, until they are lit to be slaves,
there can be no danger.
The Senator has expressed the opinion, with
great confidence, that ours is a far stronger execu-
tive Government than that of England; and has
sustained this opinion by an enumeration of of-
fice-holders, ana an argument to which 1 shall
not specially refer. Let any man institute a com-
parison between the two, and he will find that
this is but the creation of a brilliant imagination.
I got a friend in the Library, last evening, to col-
lect some statistical information for me on this
subject. Even now, in the time of peace, the
British army exceeds one hundred and one thou-
sand men, including officers; and their vessels of
war in commission are one hundred and ninety-
one. How will our Army of twelve thousand
men, and our Navy, consisting of twenty-six
vessels in commission, compare with this array
of force, and this source of patronage? The offi-
cers of the British army and navy, appointed by
the Crown, hold seats in Parliament, and engage
actively in the business of electioneering. No
law prohibits them from exerting their influence
at elections; and the bill of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, in this respect, bears a close resemblance
to the act of Parliament. No jealousy is mani-
fested in either towards the higher officers. It is
only those of the humble class who are deprived
of their rights.
On the 5th of January, 1836, the public debt
of Great Britain and Ireland amounted to
.£760,294,554 7s. 2 rf. sterling, say, in round
numbers, $3,600,000,000., The interest of every
man who owns any portion of this vast national
debt is involved in and identified with the power
of the British Government. It is by the exertion
of this power alone that the annual interest upon
this money can be collected from the people. In
order to pay this interest and sustain the Govern-
ment, there was collected from the British people,
in the form of customs and internal taxes, during
the year ending on the 5th January, 1836, the sum
of ¿52,589,992 4s. Q\d. sterling; say, in round
numbers, $252,000,000. What a vast field for pat-
ronage is here presented ! How does our revenue,
of some twenty or twenty-five million dollars,
compare with this aggregate? Then there is the
patronage attached to the East and West Indies,
to the Ganadas, and to the British possessions
scattered all over the earth. The Government of
England is a consolidated Government. It is not
like ours, composed of sovereign States; all whose
domestic officers are appointed by State authority.
The King is the exclusive fountain of office and
of honors and of nobility throughout his vast do-
minions. What is the fact in regard to the General
Government' With the exception of post officers,
its patronage is almost exclusively confined to
the appointment of custom-house officers along
our maritime frontier, and land officers near our
western limits. Throughout the vast intermediate
space, a man may grow old without ever seeing
a Federal civil officer, unless it be a postmaster.
I adduce these facts for the purpose, not of prov-
ing that we ought not to exercise a wholesome
jealousy towards the Federal Government, but
for that of showing how unjust it is to compare
the power and patronage of the President of the
United States with that of the King of England.
You might as well compare the twinkling of the
most distant star in the firmament of heaven with
the blaze of the meridian sun. May this ever
continue to be the case!
I will tell the Senator from Kentucky how far
I am willing to proceed with him in punishing
public officers. If a postmaster will abuse his
franking privilege, as I know'to my sorrow has
been done in some instances, by converting it into
the means of flooding the surrounding,country
with base libels in the form of electioneering pam-
phlets and handbills, let such an officer be in-
stantly dismissed and punished. If any district
attorney should either favor or oppress debtors to
Government for the purpose of promoting the in-
terest of his party, he ought to share a similar
fate. So if a collector will grant privileges in the
execution of his office to one importer, which he
denies to another, in order to subserve the views
of his party, he ought to be dismissed from office
and punished for his offense. I would not toler-
ate any such official misconduct. But whilst a
man faithfully and impartially discharges all the
duties of his office, let him not be punished for
expressing his opinion in regard to the merits or
demerits of any candidate. Above all, let us not
violate the Constitution in order to punish an
officer.
The Senator from Virginia has of late appealed
to us often to rise above mere party, and to go
for our country. Such appeals are not calculated
to produce any deep impression on my mind; be-
cause, in supporting my party, I honestly believe
I am, in the best manner, promoting the interest
of my country. I am, but I trust not servilely,
a party man. I support the present President,
not because I think him the wisest or best man
alive, but because he is the faithful and able rep-
resentative of my principles. As long as he shall
continue to maintain these principles, he shall re-
ceive my cordial support; but not one moment
longer. I do not oppose my friends 011 this side
of the House because I entertain unkind feelings
towards them personally; on the contrary, I es-
teem and respect many of them highly. It is
against the political principles of which they are
the exponents that I make war.
I support the President because he is in favor
of a strict and limited construction of the Con-
stitution, according to the true spirit of the Vir-
ginia and Kentucky resolutions. I firmly believe
that if this Government is to remain powerful and
permanent, it can only be by never assuming
doubtful powers, which must necessarily bring
it into collision with the States. It is not diffi-
cult to foresee what would be the termination of
such a career of usurpation on the rights of the
States.
I oppose the whig party because, according to
their reading of the Constitution, Congress pos-
sess, and they think ought to exercise, powers
which would endanger the rights of the States and
the liberties of the people. Such a free construc-
tion of the Constitution as can derive from the
simple power " to lay and collect taxes," that of
creating a national bank, appears to me to be
fraught with imminent danger to the country. I
am opposed to the party so liberal in their con-
struction of the Constitution as to infer the ex-
istence of a power in the Federal Government to
create and circulate a paper currency for the
whole Union, from the clause which merely au-
thorizes Congress "to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes." Such constructions would
establish precedents which might call into exist-
ence other alien and sedition laws; and it is such
a construction which has given birth to the bill
now before the Senate, denying the freedom of
speech and of the press to a respectable portion
of our citizens.
Should the time ever arrive when these princi-
ples shall be carried into practice, and when the
Federal Government shall control the whole pa-
per system of the country, either by the agency
of a national bank or an immediate issue of it3
own paper, our liberties will then be in the great-
est danger. In addition to the constitutional pat-
ronage of the President, confer upon him the in-
fluence which would result from the establishment
of a national bank, and you may make him too
powerful for the people. Such a bank, spread-
ing its branches into every State, controlling all
the State institutions, and able to destroy any of
them at pleasure, would be a fearful engine of
Executive power. It would indissolubly con-
nect the money power with the power of the
Federal Government; and such a union might,
I fear, prove irresistible. The people of the
States might still continue to exercise the right
ofsuffrage;all the forms of the Constitution might
be preserved, and they might delude themselves
with the idea that they were yet free, whilst the
moneyed influence had insinuated itself into the
very vitals of the State, and was covertly con-
trolling every election.
