1839.]                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONORESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong....3d Sess.               Expenses of Investigating Committee—Mr. Morris.                          Ho. of Re;
Legislature of the State of Virginia; and as his
colleague had thought proper to define his posi-
tion in a manner tUat would, rro doubt, be grati-
fying to that party, he had chosen this day to
define his position in as clear a manner, little
■curing for the effects it would have on his col-
league's new friends. Nothing would ever have
induced him to open his lips on the subject of the
course taken by his colleague, while the election
yet remained in doubt; but the day of election
having been fixed, and believing, as he firmly
did, that it was decided, every restraint was re-
moved.
My colleague complains of the time and man-
ner of the remarks I have thought proper to make.
He thinks I ought to have availed myself of the
many occasions that have presented themselves,
and that I should have defined my position with-
out attacking him. Now, sir, I beg leave to say
that I have never complained of the tune or times
which my colleague had selected for his many
developments, and I must claim to be the sole
judge of the time when I choose to define finally
and fully to our mutual constituents my own
position; and, sir, I thought, and therefore choose
to define it in contrast to that of my colleague's;
it suited me to define it that way in preference to
any other.
His colleague had been induced to believe that
he had written letters to the members of the Vir-
ginia Legislature calculated to oppose his reelec-
tion. This, he took the occasion promptly to
declare, was untrue. He had written but two let-
ters, and these were strictly confined to answer-
ing inquiries that had been made of him, and were
not intended in any manner to influence his elec-
tion. In both of them, the delicacy of my rela-
tion to my colleague was adverted to as a reason
why nothing I might say, even in reply, should
ie brought to bear upon his pending election. He
Lad scrupulously refrained from any correspond-
ince with his numerous friends on the subject.
!3ut his colleague had objected to him that he had
f-anked to members of the Legislature, in the
course of the session, the speeches of a member
if this body, which contained an attack on him.
it is true that he had franked such speeches, as
•'/ell as many others, and documents of various
t inds, to the members of the Virginia Legislature;
1; ut in doing so, he exercised a right exercised by
t is colleague and every Senator on that floor. He
I ad considered it his duty to send information
!hat he, in his judgment, deemed valuable to his
i.onstituetits; and when he did this, he did it witli-
tut distinction of party. When he sent docu-
iients to one member of the Legislature, he sent
them to all—to Whigs as well as Democrats.
His colleague, in the course of his remarks, had
taken him to task for speaking of the Democracy
of the country, and for calling himself a Demo-
cratic Republican; denying that he himself was
ever a Democratic Republican, or that the Vir-
ginia Republicans of 1798 had ever been known
as Democrats. Mr. R. said that his colleague, in
the nice distinctions which he had drawn, would ¡
hardly suppose that he was ignorant of the mean-
ing of the terms Democrat, Federalist, Oligarch,
and Aristocrat. Sir, (said Mr. 11.,) I have never
known a man in my life who was willing to ac-
knowledge himself an Aristocrat or an Oligarchist.
I well know, sir, the impracticable attempt had
never been made to form a perfect Democracy in
this great empire. Sir, it could not exist even in i
this ten miles square; no, sir, we claim not the
Democracy of Sparta or Athens; but, sir, I do
contend that it was the intention of those who
framed and adopted the Constitution, to create a
democratic Republic; ay, sir, a popular Govern-
ment, a Government of the people, as contradis-
guished from one not controlled by the people.
Sir, I have never yet met with an American citi-
zen, native or naturalized, who did not claim to
be a republican. Oh, yes, sir! that is a general
phrase. It will embrace all of all parties. But
who, sir, does not know that when the two oppo-
site parties first drewto a head under Mr. Jeffer-
son and Mr. Hamilton, one was styled the Dem-
ocratic Republican party, in opposition to the
Federal Republicans, who favored a latitudinous
coiistiuction of the Federal Constitution, and
whose doctrines have evcrevinced a distrust in
the capacity of the people for self-government.
Mr. RIVES said the remarks of his colleague
confirmed his impression that his colleague had
not followed the promptings of his own heart in
this business. The reproaches of his party had
urged him on. He believed that when Mr.
Roane's mind had recovered its usual sober tone,
he would feel howgratuitous had been the assault
upon him.
He again alluded to the probability of his soon
leaving the Senate. Had the situation of his col-
league and himself been reversed, he could not
have made the attack on such a day, nor could he
have sent off an abusive speech against his col-
league, as had been done, without sending off its
antidote in reply.
Mr. ROANE. One word, Mr. President. I
take occasion to assure my colleague that he is
utterly and totally mistaken in supposing that I
have been prompted or influenced in the course I
have pursued this evening by any person what-
ever. My colleague is perfectly ignorant of me
if he supposes that every member of this Cham-
ber, or all the people on the earth, could have
instigated me to an act which he did not approve.
Sir, I alone, and of my own motion, have done,
at my own proper time, and in my own manner,
what I have.done. Not a human being in this
Chamber knew, or, I believe, suspected, that I
intended to address the Senate. Sir, whenever
I may repent of the course I have taken, as is
intimated by my colleague, I shall have the frank-
ness and magnanimity to apprise him. I again
repeat that my quarrel with my colleague is not
personal on my part, but entirely political. If
that assurance, made by me more than once, is
not received, why, sir, I must be constrained to
say, that I cannot care for it.
Mr. NILES remarked that he was sorry that
his poor spee.ch should have been drawn into the
controversy between the two honorable Senators
from Virginia. Among the " private griefs" of
the Senator over the way, [Mr. Rives,] and the
complaints he has preferred against his colleague
—that of his having sent, under his frank, Mr.
N's. speech to his constituents—seems to be re-
garded as one of the greatest magnitude. The
Senator characterized that speech as virulent and
abusive—so much so, that he had not, and should
not, reply to it. That (Mr. N. said)was a mat-
ter which concerned the Senator, and not himself.
He can reply to the speech or not, as he pleases;
that is a question for him to decide for himself.
But he was surprised to hear that his speech had
given the Senator so much uneasiness, when it is
deemed to possess so little merit as not to be de-
serving of a reply. And he regretted that his
friend [Mr. Roane] should be censured for dis-
tributing his speech to hia ownconstituents. He
held himself responsible for his own sins, and did
not wish them transferred to his friend from Vir-
ginia. The Senator on the other side of the Hall
[Mr. Rives] seemed to regard his speech as a
sort of contraband article, which could not be
lawfully distributed.
i Whether the speech was virulent and abusive
or not, was a question which he should not un-
dertake to decide; he left that question to the
judgment of the Senate, and the intelligence of the
country. But he wished to remind the Senator
that the speech was delivered in reply to two
speeches of his, and, if it was virulent, the viru-
lence originated with the gentleman himself. If
i his (Mr. N. 's) speech was more violent, abusive,
or, in any respect, unjust towards the Senator,
than his speeches to which it was a reply, he was
never more mistaken in his life. The gentleman's
speeches were filled with virulence, crimination,
and denunciation of the Administration, and made
m advance of the facts upon which they were
pretended to be founded. They charged the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with deliberate fraud, and
represented him as a " cat's paw "to the Secretary
of War. The supporters of the Administration on
this floor, were, by application at least, charged
with being the tools of party, and the vassals of
the President. Their motives were impeached,
and it was boldly insinuated that they had no
higher motives of action than party interests, and
the " rallying cry of party." Such was the lan-
guage the Senator applied to the members of the
Administration and its supporters on this floor;
and yet the Senator complains that his (Mr. N.'s)
speech was virulent and abusive. He. was aware
that those who are most unreasonable and abu-
sive towards others, were often the most sensitive
to abuse themselves. But, with what justice the
Senator complains in this case he would cheer-
fully submit to the Senate and the country.
EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
REMARKS OF HON. S. W. MORRIS,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 28, 1839,
On the expenses of the investigating committee, the House
being in the Committee of the Whole on the State of tho
Union.
Mr. MORRIS said:
Mr. Chairman: I believe that the question
now before the committee is on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Fletcher,] the effect of which will be to
direct the marshals to be more precise in return-
ing the age of the people composing this great
Confederacy; and the main argument relied on
in support thereof is the great importance of
the "statistical information" to certain insurance
companies, by which they may be enabled to
calculate the value of lives, not for the posses-
sors, but as it may affect the value of their stock
on 'Change. Now, sir, my votes here, in the
absence of my speeches, no not designate me as
one of those who are over-anxious to legislate
for the special benefit of corporations. I can-
not, therefore, sanction the amendment with my
vote, because I believe it will unnecessarily en-
large the duties of the marshals, and render their
returns inconveniently voluminous. I am, how-
ever, in favor of so extending the requisitions for
statistical information, that this committee, this
House, and the people, the corporators of this
nation, should be fully informed of the " statis-
tics" connected with " investigation committees;"
of investigations conducted by committees se-
lected by a secret ballot, chosen in a mode by
which the action of the Representative is fully
and completely hidden from the constituent; of
investigators, who are themselves the first and
most prominent in denouncing all expenditures
not authorized by some positive enactment, or
which savor of extravagance. Sir, I commend
all this holy indignation, and doubt not its sin-
cerity. Were my powers of expression but half
equal to the thoughts that crowd my mind, I
could even " call thunder from the region of frost,"
and instantly annihilate all investigators whose
examples do not accord with their precepts.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that we are now
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that, therefore, the range of debate is
coextensive with our vast Confederacy. Nay
more, sir, that we may be allowed to skip across
the north or south Atlantic, to speak of matters
and things in general; and even to " define a posi-
tion," that is of itself undefinable.
Such, Mr. Chairman, I understand to be the
latitude of debate allowed in this Committee of
the'Whole on the state of the Union; and I there-
fore propose to attempt to define my position, as
an humble member of the Committee of Ac-
counts, of a standing committee appointed by the
rules of this body, and which has unfortunately
come into collision with the grand investigating
committee on the supremely splendid Swartwout
defalcation.
On the-merits or demerits of Mr. Swartwout I
have naught to say. I go for smaller game, for a
simple inquiry into a matter of the per diem al-
lowance demanded by the investigating commit-
tee; and in conducting that inquiry, I mean to
define my position, the position of the Committee
of Accounts; and, if the patience and courtesy of
this committee is accorded me, I will also define
the position of the investigating committee, so
that its whereabouts shall be no longer a matter
of doubt to any inquiring friends.
Mr. GRANT called Mr. M. to order, and re-
marked on the waste of time in allowing him to
make a speech for his constituents.
Mr. MORRIS.   Mr. Chairman, I cannot ex-
