226                                          APPENDIX TO'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           [February 2(5,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
made any remarks with regard to the speech of
the Senator from Kentucky, which he did not
hear. When the preemption bill was under dis-
cussion at the last session, he was absent for a
short time in a committee-room, preparing a bill,
and when he returned to his' scat irr the Senate,
the Senator from Kentucky was reading from a
newspaper. He (Mr. T.) inquired of a friend
what was going on, and was told the Senator
from Xfentucky was reading a newspaper pub-
lished in Indiana, and had been saying hard
things of his (Mr. T. 'a) constituents. The next
day he took occasion to reply to the remarks
made by the Senator from Kentucky, defending
the squatters on the public lands, and quoted the
words which he was informed the Senator from
Kentucky"had used. A few dayS after this the
Senator from Kentucky called his attention to a
report of his (Mr. T.'s) speech as1 published in the
newspapers, and stated that he did not use the
words there attributed to him. He repeated
words which he said he used on the occasion re-
ferred to. I adopted his own words, and they were
fublished in the pamphlet copy of my speech,
f these are the words now quoted by the Sena-
tor from Illinois—and I believe they are—they
are the very words furnished by the member
from Kentucky. He surely has no just grounds
to complain of these words being now repeated.
Now, from what has been said to-day, it might
be inferred that I used words in my speech which
1 retracted next day; but the fact is, I had noth-
ing to do with the correction but to tell the truth.
When a thing is said or done here, I have no
other object than to let the truth go to the people
concerning it.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION.
DEBATE   IN   THE   HOUSE.
Tuesday, February 26, 1839.
The message of the President of the United
States on the subject of the troubles on the north-
eastern boundary line o'f the United States having
been received, and, with the principal documents
accompanying it, having been read,
Mr. HOWARD moved the reference of the
message and documents to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs; that they be printed, and that the
committee have leave to sit during the sittings of
the House.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the printing of an
extra numberof the message and documents. He
said it gave him special pleasure, in this instance,
that his peculiar position on the floor was such as
left him at liberty freely to censure any acts of
the Administration which appeared to him to de-
serve censure, and as freely to praise where its
acts merited commendation. There was one point
at which all party feeling ceased. Whenever our
Governmcntwas engaged in any controversy with
another Government, he cast to the winds, he
trampled beneath his feet, every consideration
but that it was our own Government. In this case,
lie could commend the Administration mostjustly.
He thought that its whole course in regard to this
matter was wise, just, patriotic, and ¡honorable.
None could take more pleasure in saying this than
he did.
As to the question of right, he should degrade
himself by discussing it. The House had unan-
imously voted that our right to the country in
question was clear and indisputable. On the
point of right, we had already passed the Rubi-
con. We must stand by our determination, and
never give it up unless for a just equivalent. The
point of honor must be maintained atall hazards,
as it always has been. What was the condition
we were now throwri into? The soil was ours;
and though there was not any State in the Union
(judging from what he knew of her) that he would
not rather couch a lance with than this very State
of Maine, yet she was not to Be left to fight her
own battles; we must see the adversary off her
soil; then we should settle bur own disputes. A
more frivolous pretense of right never was set up
than that of Great Britain to this lanoV It all
amounted to this: she wanted a right of way
through a part of our territory, because it would
be a great convenience to her in uniting her prov-
inces.   There was a tone and temper in that let-
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Evans
ter of Sir John Harvey which, he confessed,
raised his feelings as an American. To talk to
us and say, " go out, or I will soon bring a force
that will put you out!" Mr. T., if he was going
out, would stop on hearing such language. If
! lie had taken his leave and made his bow in a
| gentleman's house, he had no idea of being kicked
out of the front door. Mr. T. was acting under
no excitement, however. He had long expected
that this thing would come. The honorable and
venerable gentleman before him [Mr. Adams] had
believed the same. . Yet none could more regret
the necessity for hostilities' than he should. He
came from the portion of the Union where the '
storm would spend its fiercest and greatest fury.
The country might expect an instant seizure of
Cuba, or an alliance with Texas. There was no
knowing when such a contest, once begun, would
stop. But stop or begin when and where it might,
our rights must bo maintained. Never could we
think of giving up any the least portion of our
soil under belligerent threats from any quarter. <
He exhorted gentlemen to devote themselves to
this question. It was most vitally important; it j
I could scarce be, but blood had already been shed;
the chances of actual collision seemed to be as i
twenty to one; there remained but part of one
week in which to act. He trusted, if a war must
come, that the spirit of the country would not i
be crushed by a state of utter unpreparcdncss to [
meet the contest.                                                         |
Mr. PEA.RCE did not rise to speculate about j
war, the seizure of Cuba, or anything of the kind.
The subject should go to the Committee on For- I
eign Affairs, who, he did not doubt, would ox- I
amine it with that calmness which its importance ]
demanded. He had risen to repel the assertion |
of the gentleman from South Carolina, that his 1
peculiar position was so felicitous as to afford him j
alone, of all the House, the opportunity freely to 1
censure or freely to applaud the Administration,
as its acts might deserve.                                           i
Mr.  THOMPSON  said  the  gentleman   was ]
wholly mistaken. He had used no such language,
nor thrown out any such idea.                                  !
Mr. PEARCE said the gentleman had certainly '
spoken of his peculiar position, and of its a (Ford-
ing the opportunity freely to censure orto praise.
Mr. THOMPSON.    1 have already said that
I did not.   If the gentleman chooses so to under- !
stand me, he may.    It was a gross misunder- i
standing of my language.                                           j
Mr. PEARCE again referred to Mr. T.'s Ian- |
guage,and said his own impression was strength- I
ened by that of every one around him; but if the '
gentleman disclaimed the sentiment, Mr. P. had
nothing more to say.
Mr. EVANS said the momentous importance
of the matters communicated in the message and
papers which had been just read, must he his
apology for asking the attention of the House, for
a few moments only, although he was aware of
the vast amount of public business yet to be trans-
acted, and of the shortness of the time which re-
mained to perform it. The peculiar and responsi-
ble position in which the State he and his colleagues
represented here was placed by' the proceedings
now officially made known to Congress, seemed
to him imperiously to require that the course she
had pursued and the ground she had occupied
should be distinctly and clearly understood. He
was aware that, in some quarters, and among a
portion of the public journals, it was thought
Maine had been too precipitate, and had proceed-
ed with a degree of rashness which the circum- j
stances of the case did not call for. He desired
to place her conduct in this respect right in the ■
eyes of the House and of the country.                   I
Many things are contained in the message which
I rejoice to hear; which I have not heard before !
for many years, and which I heartily commend; j
yet I cannot forbear to say that the leading senti-
ment which the reading of these papers impresses
upon my mind is, that the President does not
fully appreciate the exigency of the occasion. He
j underrates the emergency, the critical condition,
the imminent danger of our pacific relations with
Great Britain. He seems to think it does not ad-
mit of " doubt" that such representations may
be made to the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick and to the Governor of Maine, by the
united counsels of the British Minister and him-'
Ho. of Reps.
self, as will at once dispel all apprehensions and
lead to most peaceable results.
Mr. E. feared it was altogether too late to in-
dulge such anticipations. If collision had not
actually taken place before this time, it was
scarcely possibleit could be prevented manydays
longer. Had the House attentively listened to
the^ reading of the documents? Had gentlemen
Weighed the contents of the communications
which luid passed between Governor Fairfield and
Sir John Harvey? Had they considered the-
proclamation issued by the- latter' If so, they
will perceive that both parties declare, in the
most absolute and unqualified terms, their de-
termination, on the one hand, to expel the Ameri-
can forces by arms and with the bayonet from
their position on the Aroostook, and, on the
other, to maintain it at every extremity, and at
all hazards. Sir John is committed in the face
of the woild, and, as he says, bound by the most
explicit orders from his Government to carry this
determination into execution; and Governor Fair-
field says, if Alaine falters now in maintaining
her possessions against any force which she can
successfully resist, no language can speak the
depth of her ignominy and disgrace. Such is the
position, deliberately taken on both sides, of the
respective Governors of the Territories now in
arms against each other. And what is the feel-
ing uf the people; of the people on both sides of
the line? We learn, as well from the proclama-
tion of Sir John Harvey as through other chan-
nels, that upon the first receipt of intelligence in
the Provinces of the movements of the authori-
ties of Maine in arresting the trespassers upon
i he territory, they flew to arms to defend them.
Notwithstanding their entire confidence in the
zeal, readiness, and ability of Sir John Harvey,
to maintain what i/iei/ denominate their rights,,
they would not wait for orders. They broke open
lawlessly the public arsenals at Woodstock, armed
themselves, and rushed to the field, with the
avowed purpose of driving the civil' authorities
of Maine from the territory they occupied.
fSir, we all know that the fueling of the Prov-
ince is highly exasperated against us; it has long
been so. Such is the stale of things on the Brit-
ish side of the line. How is it on ours? The
Legislature of the State, with entire unanimity,
sustains the determinations of the Governor,
Public opinion sustains them also. Troops are
flocking by thousands to the conflict, determ-
ined to stand for the rights of their State; and
stand they will, depend upon that, sir. All un-
prepared as she was for such a conflict, Maine
has now put her armor on, and she will not be
recreant to her cause. Now, sir, in such a stats
of things, what ground is there for indulging so
confident an expectation as the message ex-
presses, that any representations which can be
made will arrest collision, and that by arms? I
repeat, I do greatly fear the President vastly un-
derrates the critical condition of our affairs. I
fear ho does not appreciate the peril that awaits
our peaceful relations. On what ground does he
expect to avert the impending collision ? On
what he very rightly termed the " long forbear-
ance" of Maine hitherto. And on this ground
he presumes that she will forbear yet longer.
But no, Maine forbears no more. Her rights—
her rights: these she demands; these she will
have.
Mr. E. was surprised, but gratified, on hearing
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thomp-
son] vent his indignation against the use of such
language as had been employed by the British
Governor; surprised, because it seemed to be new
to him; gratified, that he was prepared to resist
it. At the last session, Mr. E. had urged and
entreated action on the part of Congress in this
matter, and on that occasion he had read this
very language, and had stated that it had been
used toward the State by Sir John Harvey and
Sir Archibald Campbell, also, years ago. In 1837
he used language yet stronger. It was sent here,
butitpassed unheeded. When Maine had claimed
as a right; had urged, had entreated, nay, had al-
most begged, that Congress would consider and
act on this state of things, it had been in vain.
Sir John Harvey had told the Governor, in 183-7,
that he had peremptory and positive orders from
His Government to maintain' possession of the
