1339.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22?
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. JEkans.
Ho. of Reps.
disputed territory at all hazards; that he should
do it; and if all the power of the British arms in
America was necessary to that purpose, it would
be placed at his command. He had told the
House, at the last session, and a Senator from
Maine had stated the same in the other House,
and this had been repeatedly communicated to
the Piesident, and, moreovei, we most expressly
told you, that unless the bill then pending, which
provided for the lunning of the boundary line,
should pass, this very identical result which had
now taken place would inevitably happen. It
had happened. And now gentlemen seem to be
aware of" it for the first tune ! He had told the
House over and over that it would happen; that
the only way to preserve peace was to pass the
bill he introduced last year, but he had spoken to
unwilling ears and almost to vacant seats. No-
body would listen to his remonstrances. Now
these very things had come upon the country;
and now the President said that the past long-
suffering exhibited by Maine induced him to be-
lieve that she would yet forbear, and that the
whole affair would be easily adjusted. Mr. E.
begged the House to examine the facts calmly,
and then to tell him how much more she was to
put up with; how much longer she was to be
patient and unresisting under repeated and ag-
gravated wrongs. It was proper that the views
of the State should be known as to the immi-
nency of the danger, as a guide by which the
Executive might be aided in his anticipations and
decisions.
There were in the documents accompanying
the message some things Mr. E. was delighted to
see. The Secretary of State has now told the
British Minister that the ground that he, as well
as the Governor of New Brunswick, proceeded
upon was altogether untenable; and that was, the
assumption of a subsisting agreement to permit
the territory to remain under the exclusive juris-
diction of Great Britain. He assures him no such
agreement or understanding ever existed. Mr.
E. rejoiced that the hour had at length come when
the Government spoke out on this subject. Me
took it to be true. The delusion is dispelled. I
hold the Government to this declaration, now and
hereafter. But Mr. E. said he was sorry thatany
ground whatever for such an assumption had been
given in the past negotiations. One of the grounds
of his complaintlast year against the Government
had been the tacit submitting to such a claim
without instantly repelling it. The claim had been
advanced and advanced again, in all the commu-
nications from the British Government. Maine
always denied it; she had called upon the Gov-
ernment to deny it; but her call had never been
answered; her complaints and remonstrances had
been unheeded till this very hour.
And what had been done by the British author-
ities under this pretended agreement? Of all the
many arrogant acts which had been founded upon
it, he would produce but one, and he adduced it
in proof of how far the State had been humbled
and brought down by this groundless assump-
tion.
In 1831, the Legislature of Maine had incorpo-
rated a town within this territory now in dispute;
all the forms of law had been observed, and when
our own citizens, under the warrant of that law,
proceeded to exercise their functions in relation
to the town thus created by their own State Gov-
ernment, they had been arrested and incarce-
rated in the jails of New Brunswick. And when
Maine, under these degrading circumstances, had
appealed to the President, and when all the pro-
ceedings were shown to have been perfectly reg-
ular, and the demand was made that the General
Government should protect the State and her cit-
izens, what had been done ? The President had
replied that the case would call for very different
action if the first departure from the understand-
ing between the two Governments had not pro-
ceeded from the persons who had been arrested.
Maine had then asserted her right to proceed in
the exercise of her own sovereignty, as she her-
self saw fit. Yet the General Government never
had so much as demanded the release of the men
thus seized and imprisoned; and an unhappy
phrase, then employed inadvertently by the Ex-
ecutive of Maine, had given occasion to the Pres-
ident to yield to some extent to the assumptions
of Great Britain. The Governor of Maine had said
that what had happened had taken place " unex-
pectedly" to him, and thereupon the President
had turned round and disavowed the proceedings
of the State, as the acts of rash and inconsider-
ate individuals; stating also that Maine herself
disavowed them; and he thereupon requested
as a favor, the release of the men by the British
authorities. Great Britain had instantly seized
upon the idea thus put forward and had forth-
with granted a formal pardon to these American
citizens for the offense they had committed against
his Majesty's authority; and the President had
returned his thanks to the British Government for
the"readiness with which this condescending favor
had been accorded ! Now, thank God, however,
the President of the United States held language
more becoming his station; he now tells the
House that it belongs to Maine herself, and to
her only, to judge of the exigency of the case
calling for her interference. She is tobe the judge
of her own policy and course of action, and we
shall have no more disavowals. That was the
doctrine now. Mr. E. rejoiced to hear it. He
was glad that the idea of an informal arrangement
and understanding that Great Britain was to have
exclusive jurisdiction over the disputed territory
was repudiated and utterly denied. Let it never
be heard of hereafter.
A brief description should be given of the state
and history of the existing controversy—I do not
mean the boundary controversy, but of the pres-
ent collision — that the whole matter might be
rightly understood. This he would now endeavor
to present to the House.
It was known, he presumed, to all, that the
territory in dispute was situated in the extreme
northeastern corner of the State of Maine, and
that it lay on both sides of the river St. John,
which, running in a southeasterly course, divides
the territory into two portions; that lying on the
northeastern bank of the stream being about two
fifths, and that on the southwestern side being
about three fifths of the whole. The entire tract
contained about six million acres. It was quite
true that on the northern side of the St. Johns
there existed a settlement on the Madawaska
river, (a tributary of the St. Johns,) within which
Great Britain had, at various times, in some de-
gree, exercised authority and jurisdiction, prac-
tically; but the right of jurisdiction, even there,
had always been strongly contested by Maine.
It should be understood that the whole territory
in question lay remote from the densely-settled
portion of the State, two hundred miles away in
the wilderness, on the Madawaska; therefore
Great Britain has been permitted to continue in
possession, though her right was constantly and
formally denied by that State. There was, as he
had said, another large district of the territory
which lay south of the St. Johns, upon another
of its tributary streams, called the Aroostook;
and it was the valley of this stream which was
the theater of the present disturbance. This por-
tion of the territory lay nearer to the settled part
of the State than the Madawaska settlement. As
to the question of jurisdiction in this Aroostook
settlement, the authority of Maine and of Massa-
chusetts had both been exerted there for a long
period. The movement of Maine at this time to
expel intruders and exert authority was no new
movement. She has taken no fresh authority in
her hands. As many as thirty years ago, Mas-
sachusetts had caused surveys to be made oC
certain portions of this territory, divided it into
townships, made grants to individuals, and others
to corporations, and the grantees had entered on
possession, and held it without any disturbance
or interruption from the British authorities.
When the claim of jurisdiction was first put
forth by Great Britain, it had been done in a very
modest way. It was onlythat both parties should
abstain from exercising any jurisdiction within
the territory. That was the first step. Then
came the next advance; which was a proposition
that neither party should " extend" its jurisdic-
tion over the territory. This was not very
alarming, though Maine resisted such curtail-
ment of her rights. In a few years the claim
took a new form: neither party was to extend its
jurisdiction. Oh.no! But what was the juris-
diction at present exercised?   Then it was that
Great Britain put forththe monstrous pretension
that her jurisdiction extended over the whole ter-
ritory and every part of it; a pretension for which
she advanced the most extraordinary argument.
The misfortune had been that our own Govern-
ment did not at once repudiate this claim the mo-
ment it was set up. True, they did not assent
to it; but they did not rebuke and refute it with,
the sternness and explicitness the occasion de-
manded; and thus new demands, new interpreta-
tions, were put forth from year to year, and new
; extensions of jurisdiction by the provincial au-
thority. One evidence of this Mr. E. had com-
mented upon last session, and which he was
afraid had not yet been sufficiently reprobated by
the Executive. As long ago as 1832 or 1833 the
British had appointed an officer with the title of
warden of this territory, and in communicating
to the British Minister here certain complaints
made by this warden against the operations of
Maine and Massachusetts, he said that the war-
den had been appointed with the knowledge and
concurrence of the President of the United States,
and that it was a most remarkable thing that he
should have been interfered with in the exercise
of his authority, when he was acting in obedi-
ence to the wishes, and he might almost say the
instructions, of both Governments.
Mr. E. had said that Massachusetts had made
grants within the Aroostook territory thirty years
ago. Other grants have been made by the State
of Maine since the separation from Massachu-
setts, and sales have been made of timber. Tres-
passers have been expelled, and the timber seized
and sold by Maine; and no attempt has been made
to interfere with this exercise of authority until
very lately, and none whatever to prevent it by
i force. The British authorities have scarcely ever
interfered there. In 1828 or 1829,a British peace
officer had attempted to serve on an American cit-
izen within that territory civil process, issued by
the courts of New Brunswick. The consequence
was, that fifteen or twenty of the settlers got
together and drove the officer out of the territory,
and the process was abandoned. v The settlers
considered themselves on American soil, and suc-
cessfully, then, resisted the assumption of au-
thority over them. No attempt was made to pun-
ish this act.
And what was Maine doing now ? She was
making grants in this very territory. Within two
or three years past she has constructed a road ex-
tending some miles into the territory; and it was
at the termination of that road where the forces
of the State were now stationed. The British
Government had, indeed, remonstrated against
these acts, but rather feebly; the remonstrance,
in fact, was more like a protest that this should
not be construed into an admission by them of
our right of jurisdiction, than like an assertion of
her own right.
Mr. E. said he would answer an inquiry just
propounded to him by a gentleman near, (Mr.
Potter.] A portion of the disputed territory
belonged to the State of Maine; a portion of it to
the State of Massachusetts, and the remainder to
the two States jointly.
A word or two more as to the exercise of juris-
diction over the Aroostook territory. The report
of the land agent of the State to the Legislature
of Maine, made on the 1st of January of the pres-
ent year, informed that body that in April pre-
ceding he had gone upon the territory, and served
process on certain persons there engaged in the
cutting of timber; had broken up their encamp-
ments, and taken away their teams, &c. The
report gave a very minute account of his proceed-
ings. He had gone on again in October, for the
same purpose, and with the same success. There
he had met the British warden, Mr. McLaughlin,
who offered no obstruction. The agent commu-
nicated to the warden all he had done, very par-
ticularly; and Mr. McLaughlin had then observed
that he (Mr. McL.) had come there for the same
purpose. There had been no harshness of lan-
guage or feeling on either side. There was no
collision, offered or threatened; and the resulthad
been that the land agentexpressed his conviction
that there would be no resistance made to such
proceedings as these, further than a formal^pro-
test to save the question of jurisdiction. These
were the proceedings the last year; and was the
