228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Febiuary 26,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
State now to be told that siie rrrast not do the
game thing this year ' that it was rash to do so'
The depredations on timber during the present
year had been enormous. What was the State to
do m su li an emergency' Submit quietly, or
again attempt to arrest the plunderers' She sent
liei land agent again to do the same thing this
year as she had done the last, and which she had
then done without molestation. No attempt had
then been made to stop his operations by British
auihouty, and Maine had no íeason to expect it
now. She went with a civil fotce foi civil pur-
poses
But what had taken place* The trespassers
were strong handed; they had seized the agent,
and transpoi ted him no one at first knew whither
Mame expected, and had a right to expect, that
if he had been earned over the lines he would be
immediately released. She had no reason to ap-
prehend that the lawless acts of the trespassers
would be adopted by the Government But so
far from her reasonable expectations being ful-
filled, the land agent himself, and others who had
fteen atding him, have been impusoned m the
province of New Biunswick, and are held as
high State offendcis under the law of nations and
oftieaties. What next ' Sir John Haivey sends
a demand to Governor Fairfield that the Ameu-
can force shall be immediately withdrawn, that
Mame shall no moie attempt to arrest the opei-
atio-n"! of the trespassers, and shall utteily c<-ase
all jurisdiction and possession, and he bases his
demand on the assumed agieement between the
British and Amcucan Governments, that Gieat
Britain shall retain exclusive possession of the
temioiy until the disputed question of boundaiy
should be finally settled It has already been
shown that there nevpr had been such an agree-
ment It was an assumption without proof.
The most that could be pvetended was, that both
patties should stand as they weie until the ques-
tion was determined. It was a new and a most
audacious step, now for the fiist time taken by
the Butish aulhouties, so far as legaids the
Aroostook teiritory. The annunciation of such
a claim was not, indeed, a new thing; but the
jiiai Heal attempt to enloico it by arms was new.
This provincial Governoi threatened an instant
mteifcicnce by the militaiy foicis of Gloat Bnt-
tin Was Mame to submit to thi^ J "Was she
to cowei beioii the threat ' to abandon, to be
dnven back in ignominy and disgiace' Never'
nevei'
Mr K said he should not argue the question
of thought ot Maine to the tmitory, and the
whole temtoiy. That had been solemnly af-
firmed by Congress Congiesshad declined that
Maine had a right to the soil as clear as daylight,
and the message now asseits her right to judge
of the exigency which c,alls for her interference.
She has judged, and the case is therefore fully
made out
Gentlemen had pressed the great importance of
preserving pacific relations with Gieat Biitam
Mr K would go as far in honorably preserving
those íelations as any man. War had no chaims
lor him The question is, what is the best mode
of preserung peace > Is it to yield to every in-
dignity till, having been repeated, and repeated
without resistance, they came at last to be claimed
as matter of right—as matters of agreement ' Is
Maine now to be told that, if she raised a finger
>n support of her rights, the Butish arms are to
be brought forthwith against her' Was that the
way to preserve pacific lelations between the two
countries? Give Mr E leave to tell gentlemen
that this identical cusís had been foreseen, fore-
told, and, in his opinion,had been biought upon
us, by the neglect, if not by the pusillanimity, of
the General Government.
Mr. HOWARD here asked leave to suggest,
in the most respectful manner, to the honoiable
fentleman fiom Maine, whether it was for the
onor and the interest of Maine, in this matter—
■whether it was wise in one of her Representatives
—to introduce reflections of this kind against a
past Administration, and thus lead off the atten-
tion of the House upon a collateral issue' He
must, of couise know, thatsuch accusations would
be met, and the House engage in a dispute which
was wholly irrelevant If the present Adminis-
tration did what the gentleman approved,and had
no<v taken the ground he supposed they ought to
take, why go out of his way to attack an Admin-
istration now past' Mr. H entertained great
personal íespect for the gentleman, and would
suggest to him, in the most fuendly manner that
such íeflections had better, on all accounts, be
omitted.
Mr. EVANS said he was not now making ac-
cusations or attacks upon the course of the past
Administration That was not his object. He
had done so et the last session, and had vainly
endeavoied to louse a sense of justice in the
House. His objectwas to show that Maine had
not been rash in this matter, and to express his
firm conviction tlfnt if Mame had been then treated
as she ought to have been, this crisis would never
have occurred. Had the bill which Mr. E. in-
troduced, and against which the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr Howarp] had set himself in de-
termined opposition, been passed, this difficulty
never would have taken place He had shown
how cruelly Mame had been aggrieved, and had
pointed out a piactical, pacific, and effectual rem-
edy, but the House had íefused to adopt it. He
did not say this for the sake of complaining, or
accusing anybody, but he wished to fix the tiuth
deeply and stiongly on the minds of gentlemen,
so that justice may at length be done, and peace
heicafter pie&eived,if the piesentcusis bo ¡.aftly
passed.
If any still thought that the State had taken
a lash step, they have not looked into the history
of the fact, they have not íeflected on the repeated
indignities she has endured fiom the subordinates
of a loieign Government, and which she had in
vain endeavoied to induce their own Government
to repel. Things had now leached that point that
nothing was left her but either to sunender at
once, oi to stand for her lights like men I can-
not forbeai again to advert to the bill of last ses-
sion. What was the reason it did not then pass'
Was it not because a new negotiation was then
on foot' This was in June, and yet, had not
tins House been told in December, that not one
woid had passed between the two Governments
in the matter since' And, within a ft w days,
have they not again been told that nothing has
yet been done' Our Government had pressed
its ntgotiauon, I trust, but in vain.
lie consideied then, all this talk about new
piehminaiies of new negotiations as intended
merely to amuse the State, and induce her to íe-
main passive a little longer There was, in fact,
no negotiation going on It had, pi actical ly, been
suspended now for six years. Had not the Pres-
ident himself told the House that the question of
boundary was at this moment further from being
settled than it had been at the close of the Revo-
lution' Had not Mame waited long enough'
She thought so. All hei people thought so; and
the giound she had taken she would occupy. If
Sn John Haivey had foimed a similar determin-
ation, collision was inevitable, and every think-
ing man must admit the exigency to be gieat It
rails for prompt and wise action. Any expecta-
tion of amicable anangement, founded on longer
prociastmation, was out of the question. If any
gentleman thought that it would be enough for
the Geneial Government to tell the State of Mame
that something should be done, but she must, in
the mean time, wait, and be very quiet, they de-
ceived themselves. Maine would do no such
thing; could do no such thing. The crisis was
one which called for action; and such action as
should satisfy the world that Maine was not to
be left to manage this matter alone. The very
idea that she would be so left by the General
Government had done more than anything else
to push this aggression to its present height.
The British Government were under the impres-
sion that Maine was abandoned by the Govern-
ment of the United States. Mr. E had read in
the Albion, a very respectable English paper pub-
lished in this country, an expression of the ut-
most confidence that the whole proceeding of
Mame would be formally disavowed by the Amer-
ican Government, and that she would be left to
fight out her puny battle on her own resources.
Such delusion must be dispelled. I warn gentle-
men not to permit so fatal an error to go abiOad.
Let our conduct show that it is a pieposterous
error.   Mr. E. trusted that the American Con-
gress would now say to the world that it was
then affau,and they would maintain it as becomes
the honoi of their country. What ought to be
done Mi E would not now pretend to say, he
left that to those aiound him, in whose wisdom
and expenence and patriotism he had the fullest
confidence
Mi. ADAMS now rose to speak, when
Mr PEPRIKIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
[Cues of " No' " " No '" " Withdiaw it' "
"Withdiaw it i" from all quarters of the House ]
Mr P , aftei some hesitation, withdiew the
motion.
Mr. ADAMS then said that he had but a very
few words to say, and would occupy the House
but a very few minutes. [Go on'} He assuied
the House that he entirely concurred in almost
every word of what had just been said by the
honoiable gentleman fiom Maine.
The SPEAKER here desired many members,
who had gathered round Mr. A.'s seat, to re-
sume then places.    Order being restored,
Mr. ADAMS repeated the declaration that he
concurred heartily in almost every word that had
j ust been uttei ed by the gentleman from Maine If
in anything he fell short, it was in this, that he
was willing to wipe outeven fiom his memory that
part of the couise of the Administration which
the gentleman had censured He was willing to-
forget that, in consideration of the pledge given
in the message that the rights of Mame and of
Massachusetts, and all else respecting this mat-
ter which the United States had a right to de-
mand, would be pressed by the Executive power.
But Mi, A. had risen chiefly in consequence of
one word in the message which related to the
State of Maine. From the single reading at the
Clerk's table, which was all the opportunity Mr.
A. had had to learn its contents, he was not quite
suie that he had distinctly understood the passage
to which he wished now to refer He only de-
sired that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
should ascertain whether his impression, which
he would now state, was correct, and, if it were,
that they would apply the necessary remedy.
Concurring as he did in the general tenor of the
message, as perfectly expressive of a deteimma-
tion on the part of the Executive Government to
maintain inviolate the lights of the nation, still
there was also in it a tenor of advice, of counsel,
to the State of Maine, in regard to which Mi A.
would confess he should have been more satisfied
if the message had not been quite so conciliatory,
to use no harsher term. He referred to the coun-
sel given to Maine by the President, to retract
what she had done; and this not on the ground
of its being considered the action of the Executive
Government of the United States. This appealed
to Mr A. very much like putting the lesponsi-
bihtyof all that had been done upon Maine alone,
and it appeared further to authorize that State to
do what Mr. A doubted greatly that she had any
constitutional power to do, viz: to make an ai-
rangement with the Governor of New Brunswick,
founded on mutual explanations. It proposed, in
fact, a negotiation between Maine and New Bruns-
wick, to which the United States Government
was not to be a party. Mr. A. had risen simply
to request an examination of the papers by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; he desired that
that committee should scrutinize these communi-
cations, to see if that was the recommendation
given, and if it was, then he should think it was
the duty of the House to recommend to the Pres-
ident that he would appoint some person to act
for the United States in this advised accommoda-
tion.
It seemed to Mr. A. that the President had
recommended Maine to negotiate with New
Brunswick for a compromise, thus throwing the
responsibility on the State of Mame which ought
to be assumed by the President of the United
States It was, he believed, a new thing m con-
stitutional history, that a President of the United
States, having here, resident at the seat of Gov-
ernment, the Minister of a foreign Power, with
whom he might at any time hold communica-
tion, should correspond with a distant part of the
Union on a point at issue between that distant
portion of the Union and an adjacent portion of
the dominions of the foreign Power represented
