95£
APPENDIX T?Q THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
2$xh Cong....3d Sess.
Report on the state of the Treasury, fyc.
Ho. of Reps,
1827, to #82,500;itj 1828, to 1121,000;and in 1829,
to $505,000 In 1838, the .appropriations were
more thai) a million and a half, and the estimates
for 1839 amount to $1,713,000.
The aggregate amount already appropriated for
these works is $8,919,043 66, besides canal stocks,
and the debt assumed for the corporations of this
District for investments in the same, amounting
to the sura of $3,383,490; making an aggregate
of $13,302,533 66. The estimates for completing
some of these works amount to $4,650,842 21;
but, judging jby our experience as to former esti-
mates, it will mpre probably require $10,000,000,
besides the cost of some of the most expensive
works, for which theie are no estimates at all. In
addition to this, a bill is now pending (and would
have passed, the House at the close of the last
session but fop want of time) which, with the
amendments, embraced appropriations foi new
works amounting to near a million dollars, and
involving a.n,ultnnate expenditure of probably five
million more.
to 1836. thi£ subject was investigated by the
C¡o ¡rrnttee( of Ways and Means, and a repoit
submitted by one of its membeis (Mr. Smith of
Maine) on the 10th of February. That report
States that there was, even at that time, " a real
necessity for hesitation, if not of actual refoim,
Hi the fmther prosecution of public woiks upon
the same system which had, of late yoats, ob-
tained under the Government," that they weie
made subservient " to the purposes of the indi-
vidual wealth a,nd piofit of the agents and con-
tractors immediately concprncd," that theappio-
puation for one year, and for each succeeding
year, in many cases exceeded the whole of the
original estimate; that many of the works were
buijt over again, and that others were rotten be-
fore they were completed. 0  the31st of January,
1837, the same gentleman made another report
fiom the Committee of Ways and Means, lefer-
ring to the former as " explanatory of the unpro-
ductive, yet growing, expenditures of the Gov-
erome<it upon harbpifj and rivers, and expressive
of seripus doubts of the policy of following out
th*s branch of the public service, unless some
more certain a,r>d efficient and economical system
for conducting it could be devised " The opinion
of the committee had not been changed by " the
experience of another year,'' and the i epoi t adds:
" Wnhdut some curtailment by Congress of the class of
works already projected as recipients of its bounty, and
without a deciBive limitation of its appropriations to works
¿hat may justly be denominated of the first magnitude, and
of imperious necessity, top, it requires no spirit of prophecy
to predict that the operations of the civil engineer depart
ment will, in a very lew years, rival, in expenditures and
numerical strength of agents and operatives, the military
and naval service of the Government, and consututeamore
alarming branch of public patronage than is to be found
elsewhere in the Government From the peculiar nature of
their expenditures, corruption, favoritism, and peculation
may be reduced to system more succ* sstully in thetn than
tn almost any oilier branch of the civil administration "
If such was the opinion of the Committee of
Ways and Means in 1837, it certainly cannot be
changed by examining into the present condition
of these improvements.
After an experiment of thirteen years on the
one hundred and three works for which appro-
priations have been made, the following is the
result:
Kever commenced................................   3
Abandoned.......................,.......              1
Suspended..........,.....................    4
SJ<iy perhaps be completed with existing appropriations    14
Completed...................."    ...........20
{Jot completed................... 61
Total...............................,.......... 103
Some of the works have been built over twice,
and the twenty completed cost but $409,178 25,
leaving alt the expensive works yet to be finished,
and at an expense which cannot even be esti-
mated.
Such is the result of thus Federal system of
impiovmg our harbors, rivers, and creeks, and
building piers for our cities, towns, and villages,
and such the prospect before u,s The time "has
ceitainly ainved when it becomes necessary to
inquire whether all these expenditures belong to
Federal legislation; and to examihe a system
which, if rnade permanent, must entirely change
the character of our Sovernment.
The utility of such improvements generally, is
not denied, and is not the question. The tiue
mquuy is, under what autliouty and at whose
expense they should be constructed If it is de-
sirable to make a judicious selection of public
works; to secure economy in expenditure, to do
justice to those who contubute to their construc-
tion, and to insure their completion in some rea-
sonable time, we should certainly confine oui
Federal, State, county, and municipal authorities
within their appropriate spheies of action. We
have confided to the Federal Government the high
duty of superintending the construction of our
works for national defense By interfering with
State, county, city, town, and village improve-
ments, it not only neglects its common obligation
to the Confederacy, but mismanages and retards
thepiosecution of their works. As we have seen,
it extravagantly wastes the public money, in many
instances, on works which should never have been
commenced, on others, of a character strictly
local, and in almost every case the work would
have been constructed with moie economy and
dispatch under the superintendence of our State
ana local authonties, orundei the still moie vigi-
lant direction of private entetpme.
These appropnations have been,and must con-
tinue to be, vet y unequal among the States The
Uniop has a common inteiest in but ftw of them.
It may have in those running thiough or in the
neighborhood of oui public lands,which add vakie
to tlie common piopeity. But it is ceitainly un-
just to apply the money collected in some States
to moie local improvements in a distant quaiter
of the Unión, simply because they appeitain to
the commerce of the countiy. If eveiy improve-
ment of haibors, rivers, and creeks, and the build-
ing of pieis, is to be consideied national in its
character and benefits as an appendage to our
commerce, u is difficult to define any limit what-
ever to theJ juusdiction of the Federal Govern-
ment, oi to say to what pui pose the common fund
of the Union may not bo applied. The distribu-
tion made during the last thnteen yeiis among
the States, pioves incontestably the injustice of
tliese expendituies. The whole amount appio-
ptiated and invested is $12,300,000, of winch
$5,190,000 has been gianted to a distuct of coun-
tiy not one hundicd and fifty miles fiom the Cap-
itol Without inquiring into the impoitance of
the works pan onized by the Fedeial Govern ment,
it is sufficient to remaik that most of tho States
have been, at the same time, employing their own
money and credit on impiovements infinitely moie
useful and profitable, and better calculated to ex-
tend the commeice of the Union Some of the
States have not pat ticipated at all in these Federal
appropnations, while foui States only may be
charged with $6,760,000 out of the $12,300,000,
and some of the most expensive works lemain to
be completed in these States. If it is intended to
make this system permanort, justice requires that
some moie just lule of distubution should be
adopted
This system, if pel manent, must also very soon
prove seriously detrimental to oui naval and mil-
Uaiy establishments, and defeat the main object
of our confederation  Such impiovements, though
fenerally merely local, are suppoited in both
louses by a combination of votes, which secuies
then preference ovei allotherexpendituies, how-
ever important the latter may be to the defense
of the country. With an experience of only
thirteen years, wc have already a draft of near
two millions annually upon the Treasury for such
improvements Should we continue to increase
them, appropriations for national defense will
become of secondary importance, and will be re-
duced to increase the expendituies for our con-
gressional distuctü. Neithei the condition of our
finances, nor the state of the world, wairants us
in applying the public money to ob|ects not con-
nected with our common defense. The countries
m our own neighborhood have been distuibed;
but, without anticipating any change in our pa-
cific relations with foieign nations, we have other
motives for not diveitmg the common fund, pio-
vided for our national defense, into new channels
The fortifications we have finished are unarmed,
and the recent improvements in steam-batteucs
render it certain that a veiy important íevolution
is about to be effected not only in harboi and
coast defense, but in the whole system of mau-
time war. Other nations hate alicady Supplied
themselves with sttam-battenes, and we shall
neglect one of our highest duties if we do not em-
ploy our fiist surplus money on similar objects
While such is our condition on oui mamime
bolder, oui vast western fiontieis aie wholly un-
protected. The condition of the States on this
side of the Mississippi íequiied the íemoial of
the Indians beyond that nvei.and the tnoes will
soon be all m the same region of countiy Ac-
coiding to the estimates of the Indian bureau at
the last session, the-number who had been and weie
soon to be removed fiom the east to the west of
the Mississippi, including thosepieviously there,
was three hundred and thirty two thousand foui
hundied and ninety-eight, of whom sixty-bix
thousand four hundied and ninety nine weie es-
timated to be wainois. Most of these belong to
distant tribes, but it is supposed thatalaige body
might unite and make war upon oui frontier set-
tlements We are certainly bound by the highest
obligations to protect the States on oui boiders
fiom an enemy whom we hive been compelled
to place in their ncighboihood as the settlement
of the country advanced We ought suiely to
dischaige this duty, before we appiopnate our
Federal means to impiovng haibois, nveis, and
ciceks, and building pieis
Should these Fedeial expendituies be perma-
nently continued, they must coirupt the legisla-
tive branch, and cntnely change the piactical
opeiation of our Government fiom its ongmal
and constitutional design Millions will be an-
nually voted to be disbuised by our public officers,
enlarging the patronage of the Federal Executive,
and extending its influence to every congiessional
distuct throughout the Union. The Tcdeial sys-
tem of roads and canals proposed and i ejected
some ytarsago, however unconstitutional, would
not have been more fatal to State independence,
nor moie consolidating in its tendency, th in these
numerous appropnations foi local objects In-
stead of having seventy-five woiks m opeiation
at the sime time, as we have already, we should
have oui thousands, and those employed in their
constitution would outnumber all engaged m the
civil, military, and naval service Instead of a
confederacy for the common defense of a union
of States, we should have a concentrated and
consolidated Govi inment, almost exclusively su-
perintending our internal concerns, and intcifer
mg with the duties and jurisdiction of our S'ate
and local authonties This íevolution, which has
alieady commenced, can only be avtited by con-
fining Fedeial legislation to the few but high
duties assigned to Congress by the Constitu-
tion
Without, howevei, anticipating what may be
pcimanent policy of this Govenimi nt, the com-
mittee adlure to the opinion cxpiesscd in its two
íepoitsin 1836 and 1837, that the subject demands
thoiough investigation , and that if it is designed
to peiseveie in it, some " moie ceitain, efficient,
and economical system should be devised," and
if the public money must beappiopnated to these
objects, justice to the States lequues a more
equal lule of distubution Foi the present, the
committee aie of opinion that the existing appio-
pnations aie sufficient, taking into view the con-
dition of the Tieasuiy. Appropnations amount
ing to $1,535,000 wei" made as late as the 7th of
July last, and one half of every item in that act
exceeding $12,000 was directed to be expended
in 1839 Of the existing appiopiiations, there
remained undinwn fiom the Tieasury on the 1st
January, $977,748 92, besides the balances in the
hands of disbuismg officers. As the revenue of
1839 will not wairant any additional appiopna-
tions, the committee deem it inexpedient to add
$1,713,000 to more than a million unexpended at
the beginning of the yeai.
In leviewing our vauous expenditures, the ex-
traoidmary increase in some branches, and the
mttoduction of new objects of apptopnation, the
committee aie of opinion that the ajgmentation
of the expenses of the Fedeial Government is
chiefly to be ascribed to the policy of raising moie
