1839.]                                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      253
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Tell.
Ho. of Reps.
revenue than was required to meet the wants of
government, and of interfering with State and
municipal duties; and to the increased number of
resolutions and bills originating in both Houses,
and annually calling for new and heavy expendi-
tures. If all the unsuccessful propositions for
appropriations made in Congress during the last
session had been adopted, ten or fifteen millions
more would have been charged upon the Tieas-
ury. The practice, too, of passing almost all our
important bills on the last days, and of having
them approved on the last day of the session,
adds very much to the annual amount of our ap-
propriations. Among other bills, one of those
appioved on the last day of last session was hur-
ried through the House without any knowledge
of its operation. This bill makes a new charge
upon the revenue of the presen t year of $1,373,000.
No reform can be anticipated in this onward
course of extravagance, whilst almost every new
measure of importance is foiced through both
Houses, without debate or examination, on the
last days (or rather nights) of the session.
Should the House determine on authorising
new appropriations for fortifications, haibois,
&e , and on charging upon the revenue of 183D
$2,982,000, in addition to an unexpended balance
undrawn at the commencement of the year of
$ 1,682,000, besides the amount in the hands of
the disbursing officeis, it will be necessary to in-
struct the committee as to the mode of raising
the revenue required to meet these expenditures.
There is no probability that the receipts from all
sources in 1839 will be more than sufficient to
meet unavoidable expenses, without the addition
of any extraordinary appiopnation whatever.
The last year's levenue from custom? and lands,
exclusive of the postponed bonds, which formed
part of the receipts of 1837, did not exceed four-
teen millions and a half. Although we may an-
ticipate a considerable increase in the present
Írear, it would be very unsafe to calcúlate on a
arger revenue than twenty-three millions from
both sources. On that basis the following esti-
mate is founded. The appiopnations stated in
the estimate are nearly a million less than those
submitted by the Departments, and otheis esti-
mated for have not been reported at all. Those
stated below embrace only indispensable appro-
priations:
STATE OF TIIE TREASURY IOR 1839.
Resources of 1839
The ascertained balance  in the Treasury on the 1st of
January, exclusive of $500,103 for tlie use of the Mint,
is.....................................$3,200,000
Receipts from customs ............$18,000 000
Receipts fiom lands..............    5,000,000
- 23.000,000
Balance due from late deposit banks, being less
than as stated by the Treasuier, owing to anti-
cipated payments.................§2,300,000
From miscellaneous souices ........     400 00J
CHARGES UPON THE TREASURY.
Appropriations authorized by former acts, winch will be
requited for the public service, but were not diawn oul
prior to the 1st January last, according to the Treasuty
account.................................$15,-289,000
Appropriations already reported:
Indian annuities, &c..............   §866,960
Army ............................  5,348,220
Pensions.......................... 2,409.019
Northern frontier..................    500,000
Navy............................ 5,130,781
Ci\il and diplomatic,deducting the
nominal appropriation oí $5,100,-
000 for the Po t Oflice service ... 2,884,334
Tamal appropriations for congres-
sional expenditures, besides those
included in the preceding bill....      549,344
Cumberland road................     300,000
.------------18,078,678
Appropriations under permanent laws for pen-
sions, armmir and equipping the militia, &.c,
including $750,030 lor the gradual improve-
ment of the Navy, transferred at the last ses-
sion........\.............................  2,144,000
Appropriations carried to the surplus fund, which
must be again appropriated       ...  .........      295,000
For the Military Academy (to be reported).....     153,055
For preventing and suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in Honda, (to be reported,)..............   1,804,771
37,764,507
2,700,000 j
$28,900,000
Of the foregoing appropriations, theie will prob-
ably be undrawn at the close of the year, (be-
mg'the shuit session, the estimate is less than
attheclOseofthcUstye.il)................ 13,000,000
24,764,507
Certificates for return  duties on merchandise
destroyed by fire at New York, receivable in
p-ijinent foi duties, a  estimated by the com-
missioners...........................     400.000
Tieasury notes to be redeemed      ............  7,712,350
32 875.857
Deduct the resouices.........................  28 9u0,000
Deficit...............................   $%97g,8-)7
To meet this deficiency, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to sell the lemaining bond
of the Bank of the United States, amounting,
with interests, to $2,380,000, and there remains
§2,287,650 of the Treasury notes authorized to
be issued by the act of 1838, which have not yet
been issued. Should the fonner be sold, and the
limitation of the Treasury note act of 1837 be ex-
tended to 30th June, and no appiopuations be
authonzed during the present session but those
embraced m the foregoing statement, there would
be an estimated balance in the Treasuiy on the
1st January next of about six hundred and ninety
thousand dolíais. Even this balance will be le-
duced by some additions which will be necessaiily
made during the session to the appropnations
enumerated in the foiegoing statement. Should
Congiess authorize the usual amount of new ap-
piopuations, and the ^3,000,000 proposed for
fortifications, harbors, &c., it would be necessaiy
to piovide five or six millions for the Trcasuiy,
in addition to all the lesources and íeceipts ex-
isting or contemplated.
All which is lespectfullysubmitted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means foi the consideration
of the House.
PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH  OF HON. A. YELL,
OF ARKANSAS,
In the House or Representatives,
rebiuary 20 and 26, 1839,
On the motion submitted by Mr Robertson, to recommit
the resolutions of Mr Johnson, of Maryland, from the
Select Committee on the Public Land"", with instructions
to report the following joint resolutions .
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
m Conpess assembled, That, hereafter, the beeretary of
the rI re isury shall cause sepílate accounts to be kept oí
all money  pud into the Tie.tsuryon account of sales ot
the public 1 mds, to be disposed ot in tlie maimer herein
piovidcd uni< ss otherwise b> law specially duccted,\i¿
lie shall,on the first day of Julv succeeding the ne\t ecu
sus, and thcrcailer sum annuill}, on the fnstdav oí Janu-
ary and Julv in every yfar, <h\nle ill the paid moneys then
m the Treasury a long the several Slates oí the Union, in
the ratio of then rcdeial iiiiinlicio Provided, nevertheless,
1 hat nothing herein conmnul shall b constiucd to pi o
lnbit the appropnition of the proceeds of Hie public lands,
or such portion thereof as mav be lequisite to meet tlie n(-
cessary expenditures of the Goieinini nt tor any year m
which the icceipts fiom customs and other aoiuccs of re\-
enue shall he estimated to fall below-------millions of del
lars, and when it sh ill be d( emed proper on that account
to applv the said proceeds, bv special appropriation, to sup-
ply the deficiency and meet those expenditures- Provided,
also, That, in the cventof a war between the United States
and any foreign power, the sad semi annual division shall
cease, and be suspended during the continuance of such
war Provided, moreover, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to impair the right and obligation of
Congress, whenever it shall satisfactorily appear ihat ben-
efits from the use of the public lands, or the proceeds there-
of, have been heretofore, or shall be hereafter, conferred on
particular States, to extend as far as practicable to each
and ail the State , m their due and just proportions, who
may require or be willing to accept them, similar benefits,
upon the same or equivalent terms
Mr. Ddnn moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Robertson, by inserting before the fiist pro-
viso the following:
Tirst paj ing to the States in which such lands are situate,
twelve and a half per cent of the proceeds of public lands
sold within such States respectively.
Mr YELL said:
Mr. Spfakee: It is not my intention to con-
sume much of the time of the House at this late
day of the session. Time is now precious to all;
and as but a few days will have elapsed before
this Congress will have gone the way of all that
have preceded it, and live only in the books of
history and the recollections of our countrymen,
I am admonished of the necessity of brevity of
speech and promptitude of action. Sir, the pa-
tience of this House is already exhausted, and I
know how unwilling all are to listen to «labórate
speeches; but the importance of the subject now
before me, and the deep interest which my con-
stituents have in its issue, are considerations
which will, I hope, plead ample apSlogies for my
now rising to take part m its discussion.
In considering this subject, Mi. Speaker, I oc-
cupy a middle or a central position. 1 do not
fully agiee with either of the honorable gentlemen
who have preceded me. I am not prepaied to
give my assent to the grounds assumed by the
gentleman from Missouu, [Mr. Harrison,] who
maintains the assertion that the public lands be-
long to the States in which they lie In maintain
ing that position my honorable friend is not sin-
gular or alone. He is sustained by such men as
Tazewell and Taylor, of Virginia, and Governor
Robertson, of Louisiana, and many others; and
I must do him the justice to say that, m cairying
out his assertions, ho has adduced and arrayed
arguments and facts difficult to be íeftited, so well
weie they sustained, indeed, that it took my
fnend fiom New York, [Mr. Parker.] with all
his admitted ability and ingenuity, two days to
demónstrate, even to his awn satisfaction, that
they were not tenable. Aikansas, Mr. Speaker,
enteied the Union undei the resolutions common
to all the new States, viz:'' that the new States shall
never interfere with the putnaiy disposal of the
soil by the United States in Congress assembled,
nor with any regulations Congiess may find ne-
cessaiy for stcuung the title m said soil to the
6oiifiJidc pmchascrs," and that we would not tax
the public land lying within the jurisdicuon of the
State That compact we entered into, hard as it
was, without a murmur, and we are willing and
bound to pieservc its stipulations in good faith.
Such, sir, is our design; and we possess too much
State pride to be found struggling to undo or vio-
late the stipulations of a mutual compact. Is our
example imitated and followed by the older States
of the Confederacy' I think not. On the other
hand, Mr. Speakei, I find the old States propelled
and uiged onwaid by avarice, disregarding all our
foimer practices and compacts; and, in open vio-
lation of the public faith, boldly assuming the
ground that the public domain should be subjected
to the doctnne of distribution, and that it should
be divided as a common spoil; thus, in effect and
in fact, subverting every principle of equity, jus-
tice, and good faith.
In support of the position I shall assume against
the resolution, one of the arguments I shall mainly
rely upon is one that is advanced and admitted
by the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Robert-
sov,] in his attempt to sustain the leverse of my
proposition, that Congress has no power to raise
money for distribution. That gentleman ex-
pressly and warmly repudiates all such doctnnes;
but, in the samo breath, ingeniously attempts to
diaw a distinction between moneys derived fiom
the sale of the public lands, and those which are
collected and received fiom the ordinary sources
of revenue collected from imports.
The resolution of the gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. Speaker, revives the odious principles con-
tained m the bill commonly called Mr. Clay's
land bill, of 1832, without eien retaining the ad-
vantages or benefits proposed by it, of giving to
the new States the twelve per cent, on the amount
of sales, but opens the bioad punoiple, and the
right of distributing the proceeds among the old
States. The position thus assumed by theieso-
lution of the gentleman from Virginia I contro-
vert, because I not only deem it inexpedient, but
unconstitutional The fundamental principles of
the paity to which I belong assume and assert
that it is the policy and the duty of the Govern-
ment to raise no more money trom the people,
by any known mode of taxation, than is neces-
sary to its support on the most economical plan,
and m mo event to laise money to be distributed
among the States or the people. The admission
of the gentleman from Virginia, that we have no
