258                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           [February 27,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Mairie Boundary Question—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
in as a mediator, the citizens of Maine have been
released, and peace and harmony, for the time,
restored as far as they could be. In that course
■things have gone o-n till they hate created a public
feeling, a sense of wrong and indignity which, I
think, cannot much longer be endured. Sir, they
cannot go forward in the present state of-things.
If the two Governments think that they can
maintain peace and harmony without great zeal
and energy in settling this question, they flatter
themselves with hopes that will prove vain and
groundless.
I have risen, Mr. President, to make these re-
marks, -and to present this piece of diplomatic
history, to show the Senate that, if the proposi-
tion before, us is not followed up by speedy and
efficient measures for a final settlement of the
question, we should be just as well off without
that protocol (the memorandum) as with it. The
conflict must come, and these difficulties cannot
be adjusted unless the main question is finally
settled. The only desire by which I have now
been actuated is that the Senate should be ac-
quainted with these facts, and, when they com-
prehend them, I am fully persuaded that they
will arrive at the same result at which I have
arrived. I concur fully with the Senator from
Maine, who preceded me, that unless something
effectual should be done in the settlement of the
principal question of territory, the citizens of
Maine cannot be quieted, and such an arrange-
ment as that now before us can never preserve
the peace of the country.
Mr. RUGGLES said Maine could have no in-
ducement to rush herself, or to draw the country
needlessly, into a war; for it was evident that
she would herself receive -the first, the second,
the third, and the last blow in such a conflict.
She was on the very frontier that was menaced,
and the war would be chiefly on her own bor-
ders. Her commerce and all her interests on
the ocean would be destroyed at once on the
declaration of war. It was impossible to con-
ceive *he extent of the mischief that would be
done to her interests; and could it, therefore, be
supposed that she had set herself in such a posi-
tion as she now occupied without great consider-
ation, or without being compelled to take it for
the preservation of her honor and her rights?
Sir, (said Mr. R.,) what is the aspect of this
matter as it now stands? Maine claims the juris-
diction over that portion of the country which is
now the scene of the contest; not over the whole
disputed territory, but over that particular part
of it; or, if she does not claim exclusive jurisdic-
tion, at least she claims a right to that sort of
jurisdiction which she has held for many years
past, and of which she has never been dispos-
sessed.    In maintaining that sort of jurisdiction,
she found it necessary to arrest a band of depre-
dators, for the purpose of preventing the destruc-
tion of her property.    In this attempt she was
resisted by them, and by them her agent was
seized and carried away; and this act of violence
on their part was ratified by the New Brunswick
authorities, by whom, also, thedemand was made
thatexclusive jurisdiction over the territory should
be conceded to Great Britain.   This demand can-
not be complied with, unless by yielding a right
of Maine which this Government has recognized;
that is, a right to a mixed jurisdiction, or the
right to be there, at least to protect the property
in dispute from ravages by a third party.   Sir,
she-has done no more, but has exercised her au-
thority precisely as she had before, for on sev-
eral occasions she has driven off depredators from
this territory.   Maine, therefore, cannot consent,
on such a demand as has been made, to withdraw
her forces.   Yet it seems this Government is now
prepared to require it at her; and by what right
do they require it?   Sir John Harvey is now de-
claring that he will, by a military force, arrest
every person that he may find in that territory,
and bring them to punishment. Is there any au-
thority for this from this Government? The gov-
ernment of Maine now calls on this Government
to aid her in defending territory rightfully be-
longing to Maine; and I ask if this is not a case
when we may ask the President to call out the
forces of the country to repel invasion ?   That is
precisely what the Governor of Maine has done.
But the President appears not to apprehend that
that case has arisen in which he is to defend the
territory of Maine, though he has said that if
New Brunswick persevere in asserting by arms
a right to exclusive jurisdiction, he would then
consider it an occasion in which he would be re-
quired to repel invasion. Sir, this is not to re-
cover a territory, but the object is to repel inva-
sion; or, now that invasion is loudly threatened,
it ought to be to go against the territory being
invaded at all.
As it respects what the President now proposes,
I do not know but it may be regarded as a wise
measure. Maine is anxious that the whole ques-
tion should be settled, and she has again and again
urged it on this Government. Her citizens in th'e
meantime have been often arrested and impris-
oned, her property has been destroyed, and she
is now required still to submit to these outrages.
If there was any probability that the question
would be brought to an adjustment in any reason-
able time by negotiation, Maine would not have
assumed her present attitude. But it is because
she has no confidence in negotiation, that she has
at last found it necessary to take the remedy into
her own hands; and 1 now ask, will this Govern-
ment require her to withdraw her troops after nil
that State has endured, and the people have been
roused to a just sense of their rights and wrongs?
And I ask further, whether this Government has
a right to call on Maine to withdraw her troops ?
1 do not know but this right may be claimed as
within the constitutional powers of this Govern-
ment to control a State in respect to the posses-
sion of her territory. But it is on record that this
territory belongs to Maine, by a unanimous vote
of this Senate, and from this I believe the Exec-
utive does "not differ; I believe the whole country
is united on this point; I do not know of an in-
dividual who has the least doubt that the right to
the territory is in Maine. And yet, when we
undertake to maintain our rights alone, we are
requested to withdraw our troops under a threat.
If they can be withdrawn, and the honor and the
rights of Maine bo sufficiently respected, I am
willing that it should be done.
I am this moment informed (said Mr. R. with
much concern) that there has been an actual col-
lision in the disputed territory, and that blood-
shed has taken place. News has arrived that a
battle has been fought, and that fifty of the Maine
men have been killed, and nine of the English.
[Great sensation and silence for some mo-
ments.!
Mr. WEBSTER said: I hope, Mr. President,
that this rumor will turn out to be incorrect. It
would be melancholy, indeed, if itahould be true
that a hostile meeting has taken place, followed
by such consequences as have been stated. But
not at all under the influence of any impression
frofn that rumor, I will make a few remarks on
the general subject, and on this communication
from the Executive Government; and painful as
it is, I must say that I cannot approve of the con-
duct of the Executive on this important measure
since the last session. I will even go a little be-
yond that, and say what I did not mean to say
till the certainty should be developed whether
there would be any collision between the parties,
because I do not desire to make this controversy
with England a matter of party. At the last ses-
sion , and whenever there was any occasion, I en-
deavored to set forth the right to the territory as
our own, and not to complain of any Adminis-
tration for the manner in which that right had
been either neglected or enforced. But there are
two or three things that ought to be stated; and
without going at this time further back than the
last session, f wish to know what reason has been
assigned to Congress why this negotiation has
not been pressed to some practical result, or final-
ly broken off. As to the expression of the opin-
ions of Congress, in both its branches, nothing
could be more decided than the resolutions of the
last year. And what do we learn to have been
done in consequence of those resolutions ? I ask
if there has anything been communicated to Con-
gress at this session in the form or shape of a
reason why this matter has not been brought to
some sort of a conclusion, or made some degree
of progress ? When we ask what onward steps
have been takjin,the answer given to thequestion
is, that nothing has been done; but why, we are
not informed. And while nothing has been done
here or in London, Maine has undertaken to ex-
amine the question whether the lines of the treaty
of 1783 are an ascertainable boundary. She has
explored the territory by commissioners, and her
commissioners come back and tell us that there
is no more difficulty in running that line than any
others which run due north from a given point.
They have found the treaty lines (the highlands)
to be as visible and tangible as the Alleghany
mountains, or any other highlands, though, of
course, less elevated; so that the boundaries of
Maine are as clear and as easily ascertained as
other'lines of division in the country. And yeta
negotiation has been going on year after year; and
when we ask what has yet been done, even down
to this hour, wé learn that nothing has been ac-
complished; that, to all appearances, the dispute
is as far from a termination as ever.
And now what Maine has done is to be super-
seded, New Brunswick and Maine are to with-
draw, and all things are to return to the state in
which they were ante heltum, and then we are
again assured there rs to be a speedy settlement
of the controversy by negotiation ! And so said
Spain on acertain occasion, when she did notset-
tle the question for fifty years. Sir, this import-
ant matter cannot go on, or rather it cannot stand
still, in this manner. Maine cannot be kept, and
ought not to be kept, thus in a state of dissatis-
faction and neglect.
Sir, I think this matter must be settled, and
that it will not permit delay; and I must say that
a strong Administration here, and another in:
England, might long ago have brought it to a close.
The time must come when, if the controversy
cannot be terminated by some sort of negotiation;
it must be settled otherwise. I believe our right
is clear; and, although I am willing to concede
much for peace and good neighborhood, I am not
willing to delay a final adjustment indefinitely, or
at the hazard or in the face of the certainty of
border conflicts. I do not wish that Maine should
take possession of the territory. The controversy
is ours. Butif this negotiation is to be prolonged  
and delayed, postponed and put off, without rea-
sonable prospect of ever seeing an end of it, then
I am for ascertaining the treaty boundary by an
examination of our own, and if we are satisfied
we are right, for making that boundary the line
of our possession, and seeing whether we can
hold it. When negotiation becomes mere pro-
crastination, and serious dangers in the mean
time threaten, a more decided tone ought to be
assumed. Depend upon it, sir, the peace of the
country is more endangered by these unnecessary
and unjustifiable postponements and delays than
it would be by hofding a more decisive language,
and manifesting a more resolute spirit. I do not
believe there has yet been collision; I hope there
will be none. But I do not wish to see Maine
humiliated or disgraced. I believe that if some-
thing of her own spirit and feeling had pervaded
us here, we should have now been through the
controversy. There is yet, I have no doubt, time
for pacific adjustment; but England must learn
that she has nothing to gain by delay. Delay,
while it can benefit neither party, every day en-
dangers the peace of both.
I only wish further to say, in regard to Maine,
that she did obtain from Congress, at the last ses-
sion, a unanimous concurrence of opinion in both
branches, strongly in her favor, on the question
of her right to the territory. Further negotiation,
however, was still contemplated; and now, at the
end of another year, she finds that not one single
step, not an inch, of progress has been made. I
do not blame her for being both dissatisfied and
excited.
It is to be considered, also, that, in the mean:
time, Maine has established, to her own entire
conviction, the truth of what we have been con-
tending for; that is, the perfect practicability of
ascertaining the treaty boundary.
Mr. W. thought that, if a higher and more en-
ergetic tone had been held by our Government irr
the negotiations on this matter, we would stand
upon much more elevated ground at present. He
was willing, for his own part, to assurrie his share
of the responsibility of voting to run the line of
1783, and to defend it when run—and to vote it
to-night.   He hoped that those who had the lead
