1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
35th Cono...,3d Sess.
intended to say as to the right of the question, as
to the actual existence of the claim to juusdiction
on the part of Maine, as to all the facts and ma-
teuals which go to the support of our most just
light That subject was so lully, so cleaily, so
unanswerably set foith here yesteiday by the
gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr Evans,] that I cer-
tainly can add nothing to its strength I hope
that his argument was listened to by all the mem-
bers of this House with as much assiduity and
attention as I listened to it myself. If I had any
doubts on the subject befoie, I certainly could
have none after heaimg that aigument
In lieu of this bill, I undeistand that certain
resolutions have been ofFeied here as adopted by
the Senate. I do not know that there is any thing
inconsistent between the bill and the resolutions,
saving the one that carries, at all e\cnts, a face
of cen&uie upon Maine. I would as soon \ote to
eet fire to this Capitol as I would vote for any
resolution bearing the slightest mark of disappio-
bation towards any one thing that Maine has
done in this controversy I would do what the
Legislarme of Massachusetts has done, or what
I tiust she has done—pass resolutions assuming
and mdoising all that Mame has done, and de-
claring m tht face of the woild that this nation
will unanimously suppoit her in all steps which
she may find it necessary to take, consistent with
the Constitution of the United States, in the same
system of measures In reference to the othet
resolutions, I say Ido not know that there would
be any inconsistency in voting for them as well
as for this bill; though I confess that the resolu
tions, so far as regards the indications of what this
House and this nation will do, are, after all, but
words Still lam willing to vote foi them They
show a good disposition, and so far they aie well
enough But this bill, setfoith in extenso, is the
lule of mstiuctions which I would adopt, and
which I hope will be adopted by tins House
unanimously, or as ncaily so as possible
Mr LEGARE Mi Chan man, I have risen
simply for the purpose of dissenting, in the most
emphatic and solemn manner, fiom what I under-
stand to be-thc drift of a part of the argument of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi Adaws ]
I undeistood him to say that he disapproves ot
what appears m the message of the President of
the United States to be an intimation of doubt
whether Mame ought to be allowed to carry out
her claims to their utmosst extent without the
consent of the Geneial Government, and I under-
stood him also to add that a certain resolution
lust passed by the other bianch of Congress is
obnoxious to censure on the same ground Now
I say, on behalf ot my constituents, and I believe
I speak the language of the whole South, that
you must be very careful to make precisely the
distinction which I had the honor of pointing out
last night, and upon which the Piesident bot-
toms his course of policy, that is to say, the dis-
tinction between defending Maine against an
arrogant, I had almost said an insolent, preten-
sion of a foreign Government, and permission
given to Maine—a cm te blanche—to enforce hei
claims against that Government, and thus put
heiself as much in the wrong in relation to that
Government as I believe that Government is now
in the wrong towards her and us. I do most
anxiously beg this House to make the distinction.
Mr. ADAMS The gentleman from South
Caiolma [Mr. Legare] has certainly misappre-
hended what I said, or intended to say I did
not mean to say that I was for giving to Maine a
carte blanche to do what she pleased m the prog-
ress of this controversy, nor was it in reference
to any future action of Maine that I made the íe-
mark as to my regiet that, in this public docu-
ment, it is said that the President regretted, not
what Maine might do, but what she had already
done I spoke with reference to the past action
of Maine, and when I said that I would indoise
and assume what she had done, and would de-
clare to her and to the whole world that this
nation would support her m the measures which
she had taken, I added at the time the words
■" in anything she did consistent with the Consti-
tution of the United States " I say I distinctly
added these words, or words equivalent in im-
port. This was all I said. I did not undertake
to say that Maine would do that which she had
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Everett
no right to do I did not presume any such
thing I say I will suppoi t her in what she has
done, and I regiet that the President of the Uni-
ted StatPS has used the language he did.
Mi LCGAR1Ü The momentous nature of
this occasion must plead my apology for urging
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi
A.r>\Ms,] to whose venerable authority in such
matters this House has always manifested so
much deference, wiP make a more full explana-
1 tion than he hasjust made. His íemaiks, how-
ever, furnish us of the South—who aie willing
to sustain and uphold the State of Maine s6 long
and so fai as her cause is nghteous, and so far
only—with an opportunity of declanng to her
that we do not mean that she shall go beyond
possession, and claim to enforce the mere right
by arms She, then, must be quiet for some time,
at all events In the abstract, I admit, I think
her claim very clear England does not think it
so clear, and, in a contest involving such mighty
consequences, it is presumptuous—nay, sir, it is
cuminal, in one member of the Confederacy to
act without reference to what the other members
may think. It is here that a warning voice ought
to be addressed to Maine We are bound to pio-
tect her, and we are willing and ready to do so,
come what may. But, sir, I will never consent
that any State m the Union shall cut short, by
the voice or under the influences of passion, a
question which the Constitution of the United
States means to be decided here, and here alone,
with all the form and solemnity of legislation
That will not do; and whatever we may do heie,
I tiust that the President of the Umt=d States
will know that we have voted with this under-
standing alone
One word more. I declare that I would not
tiust the President of the United States with the
tremendous contingent power vested in him by
this bill, did I not believe fiom his chaiacter that
he will be discreet m the use of it, and had he
not himself avowed that such was his purpose.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION
REMARKS OF HON. H. EVERETT,
OP VERMONT,
In the Hoise op Representatives,
March 2, 1839,
On the bill giving the President addmonil power for the
defense of the United States, &.e
Mr LVLRETT said she should not have i ison
again is this debate but for some remarks that had
fallen from the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr Adams] He did not know which
to express most strongly, his regret or his aston-
ishment at those remarks That gentleman has
been justly considered as the great champion of
the freedom of debate in this Hall, and yet, sir,
on this occasion—a question of vital importance
—on a question which may compromit the peace
of the nation, the tendency of his remarks—their
moral effect—would be as effectually to foreclose
debate as the famous gag resolutions of Decern
ber And is it come to tins' Are gentlemen,
who deem it tin ir duty to examine, in good faith,
the grounds of this controversy, to ascertain,
while theie is yet time, before the die is cast,
whether our quanel bejust? Are they to be held
up to public odium as taking sides with the ene-
my—as furnishing him with arguments and pre-
tendes for aggression ' If they should attempt to
allay excitement—to express a hope that the pence
of the country may be preserved withoutthe men-
acing attitude of war, are they to be represented
as enemies of their count! y? I trust, not, sir I
trust we may here fieely dehbeiate on every
measure that shall be proposed, whether of peace
or of war. However much I might differ from
those gentlemen, who may have questioned the
propriety of the course pursued by the State of I
Maine, yet I fully accord to them the right so to ,
do, and on this occasion I cannot question the ,
purity of then motives, no one can doubt then |
sincerity or their patriotism What, sir, because
a measuie is recommended by the Executive, shall 11
we refuse to deliberate ? Shall Congress surren- ||
der the power of declaring war to the Executive ' 11
Ho. of Reps.
Never, sir, never     But the enemy may hear our
debates '   And shall the fear of this restrain all
debate, but on one side?   Why, if there is this
danger, was not the message confidential? Why
I are we not sitting with closed doors'   Is it the
! sole object, the only legitimate object of this de-
| bate to furnish additional excitement to thecoun-
i try, already in high excitement from other causes?
Is this the only duty required of ns'   Will the
| people be satisfied with this'   Will they not íe-
quireatour hand atiuerepiesentationof the state
of the pending contioversy?   And I cannot but
again repeat my regret and astonishment that an
attempt should liave been made to trammel the
freedom of debate on this all-important subject.
I do not say that the honoiable gentleman has, in
direct teims, denounced any who have taken part
in this debate as enemies of their country, or that
he intended to exhibit them in that odious light;
but that such obviously was the tendency of hia
remarks.
What, sir, is the present state of the contro-
versy, and what the measures we propose to adopt.
The controveisy originated between minor pai-
ties—the Governor of New Brunswick and the
State of Maine—not on the right of property to
the territory itself, but on the right of exclusive
jurisdiction, until the right of property should
be determined This right of jurisdiction was
claimed by both parties, and both were preparing
to support their claims by arms. In this state of
tlueatening hostility, the higher powers mter-
feied—the Federal Government and the Govern-
ment of Great Britain. The latter rested her claim
to jurisdiction on an alleged agreement with the
United States We denied the agreement, and
called on the British Minister for the proof, and
he íeferred the subject to his Government. Tha
point in issue between the two Governments was
the alleged agreement Thus stood the contro-
versy, as stated in the message of the 26th. On
the next day the Secretary of State and the Butish
Minister entered into an arrangement for the sus-
pension of hostilities, until the final settlement of
the teintonal dispute, or until the Governments
of the United States and Great Butain should
come to some definitive conclusion upon the sub-
ordinate point upon which they are now at iSbue
Such is the airangement they recommend to the
Governor of New Biunswick and the State of
Maine And, in this state of the controversy,
what is necessary now to be done by Congress'
In my opinion nothing, oi, at most, nothing moro
than to pass the fourth and fifth sections of the
bill before us, provide funds for any contingency,
and for a special mission Had such been tho
recommendation of the President, who can doubt
it would have been adopted ' It is true that the
arrangement is, in terms, only recommendatory,
yet who doubts that it will be acceded to by the
Governor of New Brunswick' He will never
take the responsibility of involving his country in
war against the earnest recommendation of the
minister of his Government. We ought to act
on the presumption that he will accede to it, and
surely that Maine will accede to it, that they
will both voluntarily accede to it. And, I ask,
is it policy to supeiadd a menace to one of the
parties' May not its tendency be to wound the
pude of the one, and to add encouiagmg excite-
ment to the other? I very much feai its effects
on both. And what is the measure now pio-
posed'
The first section of this bill authorizes the Pres-
ident to call out the militia for a purpose not au-
thorized by the Constitution, if not, it is wholly
unnecessary If the attempt to take possession
of the disputed terntoiy by an armed force is an
invasion of the territory ot a State, then this sec-
tion is unnecessary, if not an invasion, then the
calling out of the militia to resibt the attempt is
not a case withm the Constitution. It is the act
of making war, and cannot be delegated. To
Congress alone belongs the power to declaie war.
The"second section authorizes the President to
raise an army of twenty regiments, on a contin-
gency, of which he alone is the judge. For one,
1 should be unwilling to delegate this authority,
even if we had the power, and moie especially as
Congress may be convened in sixty days And
of what possible use would it be, during this short
interval, to grant this power'   If raised, they
