%M                __________APPENDIX *m THE ffONGKKSSIOML AGLOBE.                        [February 9,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
■Inveiiiion of Steamboats—-Mr. Rumsey-.
Ho. of Reps.
of expediency. If office-holders are excluded from
the right of reasoning as to how votes should be
given, because they are interested, will not the
argument apply to take from them the right of
giving their own votes? If one class of people
are not permitted to vote because they are sup-
posed to be under an improper influence, may
not the exclusion, upon the score of expediency,
be extended to other classes?
And now let me address myself to the Senator
who has introduced the bill before the Senate. He'
professes", and no doubt sincerely, to apprehend
that undue influences, left to their growth, may
hereafter become strong enough to oppress public
liberty. Would he hot, then, be rendered un-
happy, supposing that, by his will, he could make
this bill a law, if, by doing so, he should incur
the hazard of being reproached by posterity with
having himself prepared the way foV invasions
-tipon the public liberty — with naving himself
opened the avenue through which had entered
legislation pernicious to the freedom of the citizen ?
Tliere are certain great principles essential to
public liberty, and equally connected with public
order, which should tie regarded as sacred-, not
merely not to be rudely assailed, but to be left
unapproached. If always held inviolate; if never
impaired under pretenses of expediency; if cher-
ished and fostered in education, in public discus-
sion, in every mode, they fix themselves in the
mind and heart of the citizen, and grow into his
nature. The national mind is thus prepared to
feel, with quick and keen sensibility, every in-
jury done to these principles; and should they
De profanely touched, replies through the entire
people with an indignant and angry vibration. By
a consentaneous impulse, the citizens rise in gen-
erous rage to arrest the tyranny and rebuke the
assailant.
So much for public liberty; now for public or-
der. Under the security of these well-established
principles, which are never to be violated, the
citizens rest secure and tranquil, not liable to be
worked into factious fury by the experience or
dread of wrong and oppression, which are to be
prevented or retaliated by equal wrong and op-
pression. But let it be conceded that the great
principles on which the rights of the citizens rest
may bo impaired by being limited; that, under
tho pretense of expediency, exceptions may be
made to their operation, and how fatal a change
is wrought! The principle onco violated, how
shall its integrity be restored? the sacred limit
overleaped, where will you reestablish it? Hav-
ing yielded the only true and definite line, how
can you replace it? Having admitted that expe-
diency may prevail in one case, you must admit
that it may prevail in another, if it be only suffi-
ciently high and powerful. Having abandoned
the hold upon principle, you are reduced to the
weighing of motives of expediency. The feel-
ings of the people become callous from repeated
violations of principle; the only sure rule and
guide having been abandoned, their ideas become
confounded. Precedents of arbitrary legislation
and administration are pleaded, while one act is
made to justify another. Precedent! precedent!
precedent! let the American people shun with its
baneful influences. If this reasoning be good in
general, with what force does it apply to that
liberty of speech which is not only so precious in
itself, but, as I have said, the guardian of every
other good principle ?
1 would say more, but I am exhausted?
INVENTION OP STEAMBOATS.
SPEECH OF HON. E. RUMSEY,
OF KENTUCKY,
Ik the Hoose of Representatives,
February 9,1839.
The House having agreed to consider the fol-
lowing resolution:' ■-
ResoU-ei h/ the Smote mid House of Representatives of
the United States o/America ¡it Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, requested to present to
James Kumsey, jr., the son and only surviving child of
James Humsey, deceased, a suitable gold medal, commem-
orative of his father's services and high agency in giving to
the world the benefits of the steamboat,
Mr. RUMSEY said:
Mr. Sfeaker: I am thankful for the courtesy
extended in taking up this resolution at the pres-
ent time, and will endeavor, if my feelings will
permit me, to make some remarks upon it. They
shall be very brief; and, as 1 have not been a tres-
passer upon the time and patience of the House,
I trust I shall not be considered intrusive, ahd
venture to hope that I may be favored with a
friendly and indulgent hearing. I would gladly
avoid saying anything; for it ever gives me ex-
treme pain to attempt to speak upon a new thea-
ter; and neglecting, 83 I have, from a belief that
this opportunity would not occur, to make any
adequate preparation, I feel and know that I can-
not, in a manner worthy of your attention, illus-
trate the history of the invention of the steam-
boat, and do justice to the memory and claims of
James Rumsey. But, standing in the relation to
him which I do—that of nephew—it would be ex-
pected that I would not be wholly silent. I wish
it distinctly understood that, except so far as my
sensibilities are involved, I have no interest in
this matter, even if anything more substantial
were contemplated than is proposed by the reso-
lution. To something (inconsiderable in any
event) I may have had title; but that, remote,
contingent, valueless,%s it was in my eyes in a
pecuniary point of view, I have relinquished to
one more meritorious than myself.
Mr. Speaker, it was not at my instance or sug-
gestion that this matter was presented here. I
was aware that among many, very many, re-
spectable and intelligent men, the claim of James
Rumsey to originality in the application of steam
to navigation stood preeminent, and I appre-
hended that that claim might be weakened by the
adverse action of this body, of whose inaptitude
to adjudicate in cases of this kind I was not igno-
rant. I foresaw the difficulties that would en-
viron and embarrass the subject. That from the
lapse of time, the loss of papers, the death of
witnesses, much testimony, once easily attain-
able, was forever gon«. I supposed, also, that
many might believe—erroneously, however, I
think—that whatever success the individuals on
whose memorial this resolution is based might
obtain, whatever recognition of the title of their
ancestor to the distinguished honor of participat-
ing in the introduction of the steamboat they
might elicit, would detract from the reputation of
another. I knew, too, that gentlemen's engage-
ments and duties here were usually too great and
onerous to allow them opportunity to investigate
a matter of this kind, in which the feelings of a
few citizens were chiefly concerned. But whether
wisely or unwisely, it is here, and it is for the
House to dispose of it in accordance with its views
of propriety and justice.
I wish to premise that I have no intention to
attempt to derogate from the just fame of Fulton.
To him, in common with his warmest admirers,
I cheerfully accord the good fortune and the glory
of vanquishing incredulity, and broadly demon-
strating the practicability and utility of steam as
an agent of navigation.
How vast and incalculable are the results of
this triumph of genius! How beneficial its influ-
ence upon the social intercourse, the agricultural
industry, the commercial prosperity, the general
improvement, the safety and permanence of the
Union! The whole nation, in its magnificent
onward march, has received new energy and an-
imation from it. The great valley of the West,
more especially, through the agency of steam in
transporting a mighty commerce on its numerous
rivers, has, in a few years, been accelerated to a
point in population, in power, in wealth, in com-
fort, and happiness, which it would not otherwise
have attained in ages.
The steamboat, and another kindred applica-
tion of steam—to land travel—to the honor of
which, too, our country would, in all probability,
have had undisputed title, had it pleased this Gov-
ernment to have favored the memorial of another
ingenious American, Oliver Evans, a Pennsylva-
nian, I believe; he—I speak from information,
for I have not examined the record—petitioned
Congress to patronize him in making an experi-
ment, nearly fifty years ago, and long before the
railroad was attempted in Europe, which was not
until 1802 or 1803; but, like projectors generally,
he merely incurred a laugh'. I say, Mr..Speaker,
these two inventions, by nullifying time and
space, by mingling üs together as title people, by
bringing the parts, even the most remote, of our
wide-extended country into early and iacile com-
munication; by the wind-like rapidity afforded
for exchanging the various productions of the
mind, of the soil, df the work-shop, are exercis-
ing important influences upon the intellectual and
moral development, upon the advancement of all
the interests, upon the wealth, the power, the
glory, the security of the Republic, and will push
us forward to an elevation unapproachable with-
out them.
To Fulton I have readily assigned the honor
of finally overcoming an unbelieving and sneering
world, and compelling it to see and acknowledge
the useful application of this wonderful agent—
steam—to the propulsion of vessels. But if there
was another American citizen who, at a much
earlier day, conceived this great idea, originated
this grand design, and, in the prosecution of it,
expended his time, his labor, his little fortune, his
health and his life—who actually constructed two
steamboats, one in America and one in England;
on the first of which he made a public experiment
which, all things regarded, was most encourag-
ingly successful; and with the other was nearly
ready, after surmounting numerous obstacles of
a pecuniary kind, for a public exhibition, when
arrested by sudden death; if the attention of sci-
entific and ingenious men were attracted to tho
subject by the opinions and operations of this
other citizen; if the practicability of steam navi-
gation was actually demonstrated by him, if Ful-
ton himself, by his association with him in Lon-
don, and consequent acquaintance with his plans
and discoveries, was advanced in knowledge, was
led to reflect, and ultimately to act: if all this were
true, would it be unfair to say that this other cit-
izen was, in some and no small degree, auxiliary
in giving to the world this important invention ?
And that it is all true, I think, must be admitted
by every one, on a fair and candid examination
of the subject. I know that gentlemen's engage-
ments here are too numerous, of too exciting and
engrossing a character, to enable them to exam-
ine minutely a matter of this kind, in which, it
may be thought, the feelings of a few individuals
are alone concerned; though, to my mind, the
public justice is, to some extent, involved. I will
not do violence to the patience of the House by
entering into any minute and prolix detail. I have
not the strength to go so extensively into the sub-
ject as to do it justice, even if this was a fit the-
ater, which it is not, for such extended disquisi-
tion. I will but briefly recapitulate a few facts,
which, from the information laid before the com
mittee, I know to be correct.
JamesRumsey was a native of Maryland, from
■which State he removed, in early manhood, to
Shepherdstown, Virginia, where he turned his at-
tention exclusively to engineering and mechanical
pursuits—superintending for a time the operations
of the Potomac Company in improving the navi-
gation of that river—suggesting many novel views
in mechanism, and making various improvements
in milling; and the application of water power. As
early as July or August, 1783, as appears by the
testimony, he conceived the idea of navigation by
steam; and from this time to the hour of his
death, his whole soul was absorbed in this great
subject.
It will be recollected that at this early period
the mechanic arts, and, more especially, that
branch embracing steam machinery, were in their
very infancy in America. There was no steam
machinery in it. There -were no practical artists
capable of fabricating any. Even in England,
although some progress had been made by Watt,
the steam-engine, and its great appendage, the
boiler, or generator, were rude, imperfect, com-
paratively inefficient. Rumsey had to invent, to
originate everything—to procure from different
places, and different work-shops, and, though not
a practical mechanic, often to fashion and modify
with his own hands the various parts of a work
even now difficultand complicate. From therinex-
perience of workmen, and the total absence of all
the tools and machines now collected in engine
factories, his progress was necessarily expensive,
slow, embarrassed, and all execution so imper-
fect as to preclude the possibility of more than-par-
tial success.   Under these most disadvantageous
