1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOPE.
m
25th Cong....3d Sess.
not even mentioned in the compact as one of the
objects to be provided for. Admitting, however,
the payment of that debt to have been a substan-
tial compliance with the piovision requiring that
the use and benefit of this common fund should
be enjoyed by each State accoiding to its pio-
portion of thegeneial charge and expenditure,
still it cannot be contended that this was the only
mode in which the States could receive their pro-
portional shares The debt was estimated at
something moie than forty million dollars; but,
large as it was, it bore no comparison with the
value of the hundreds of millions of acres ceded
by Virginia alone. Supposing the payment of
that debt contemplated, must not the question
have naturally presented itself, what disposition
should be made of the immense residue > and if
so, what did the contracting parties intend should
be its final destination ?
Sir, the compact answers the question; it was
to be a common fund foi the use and benefit of
Buch of the States as had become or should be-
come members of the Confederation, in their sep-
arate, and not exclusively, at least, in their ag-
gregate capacity. Had it been the design of the
paities thus to confine it, they would have stopped
after declaring it should be a common fund, or
employed language to express the intention that
it should be used solely for the general purposes
of the Confederacy So far from this, they adopt
tei ms importing plainly a benefit in sevei alty, and
prescribing the ratio in which each shall enjoy it
—the ratio of contribution to the geneial chaige
and expenditure They do not say that the funds
shall be for the use of "the United States of
America," which was the style of the Confed-
eracy, but for the use of such of the United States
as were or might become members, they do not
say it shall be applied to meet the geneial chaige
and expenditure, but that it shall be enjoyed by
the members of the Confederacy according to
their respective proportions of that charge and
expenditure. The pioceeds of the common fund
might exceed or fall short of that expendituie.
Exclusive of the public debt, our annual expend-
iture probably did not then exceed one or two hun-
dred thousand dollars. Supposing the public debt
and expenditures among the objects to which, by
the express terms of the compact, this common
fund might be applied—a construction, however,
which, in regard to the last, neither the nature of
our political association at the time, nor the lan-
guage of the compact, justifies—would it not be
unjust and absurd, after that debt had been dis-
charged, and when those expenditures do not re-
quire it, to withhold it fiom the States for whose
use and benefit it was conferred ' Why provide
for proportional enjoyment—specify the exact
proportions in which each State should shaie the
fund—if no distribution was contemplated, and
that fund was designed exclusively as a joint
fund for joint purposes > Why give a rule of ap-
portionment, if that íule was nevei intended to be
practically enforced '
But it has been said that the ratio of contribu-
tion existing at the time is the rule piescribed by
the compact; and that having been since changed,
that the rule itself is abrogated. Not so, sir.
The terms do not confine the rule to the existing
ratio of conttibution, but make that ratio, what-
ever it may be at the time of distubution, the
íule by which the pioportions shall be measured
There is coiroborating evidence in the hisfoiy of
the times to prove this to he the pioper interpre-
tation In April, 1783, a committee of Congiess
suggested the propnety of altering the then ex-
isting rule of contribution, founded on a valua-
tion of leal estate, and substituting the ratio since
incorporated into the Federal Constitution, for
apportioning representation and direct taxes upon
the basis of what are called Federal numbers
That committee, m recommending a supply of
revenue, speaks of the proportion of each State
as one to be fixed according to the rule " which
is oi may be" prescribed by the Articles of Con-
federation. Another committee, of which Mi.
Madison was chtuiman, was then appointed to
draw up an address to the States, among other
things, recommending the proposed change In
.October following, the act of the Virginia As-
sembly was passed, authorizing her Delegates m
Congiess to execute the deed of cession, and that
Public Lands—Mr. Robertson.
deed was dehveied and accepted, as I have stated,
on the 1st of March, 1784 Now, it is not cred-
ible that Virginia was ignorant of the contem
plated change,oi meant that,if adopted,itshould
defeat hei lights leserved by the deed She knew
that the ratio of contubution might be changed,
but still the compact intended and provided that
the use and benefit of the common fund should
be enjoyed by the States in the same piopoition
in which they should contubute to the geneial
I buidens This pioportion, change as it may,
must still give the rule. But grant that the new
ratio did not become the rule, the only conse-
quence would be, not that the rule is abiogated,
but the old ratio of contribution would continue
to be the rule of distribution
But, sir, it is not merely the rule of apportion-
ment which it is contended has been changed or
abrogated. The monstrous doctrine is announced
that the compacts themselves have no binding
effect—that they have been annulled by the Fed-
eral Constitution, yes, sir, the very instrument
| designed to render them inviolable—and that they
are incompatible with the sovereign rights of the
new States. Sir, it was not to have been ex-
pected that the validity of these compacts would
ever have been denied, whatever doubts might be
suggested as to their constiuction. They have
been recognized by repeated acts of Federal legis-
lation, from the period of their date to the present
time, they were indeed ratified and confirmed by
the Constitution itself. In April, 1784, the month
succeeding the cession from Virginia, an ordi-
nance was passed by Congress for dividing the
ceded territory into distinct States. This ordi-
nance provided for the temporary and permanent
government of those divisions, upon this express
condition, among others—that they should in no
case lnterfeie with the primary disposal of the
soil by the United States in Congress assembled,
and that this and the other articles should stand
as fundamental constitutions between the thirteen
original States and each of the several States to
be created. These provisions could have been
made with no other view than to a fulfillment of
the terms upon which cessions had been made
But there is another and still more striking re-
cognition of the compact made with Virginia. In
1786, the restriction imposed by that compact upon
Congress in reference to the extent of the new
States to be created in the ceded territory, being
found inconvenient, Congress adopted a resolu-
tion recommending it to Virginia to revise and
alter it in this respect, and in July following
passed a new ordinance prescribing how the
boundanes of the new States should be estab-
lished " as soon as Virginia should alter her deed
of cession " In this ordinance a similar provis-
ion is made to prevent interference by the new
States with the primary disposal of the soil. The
Legislature of Vngima never made the change
desned until the 30th December, 1788, after the
Federal Constitution had been ratified by the re-
quisite number of States Here, then, is a plain
recognition of the compact both before and after
the adoption of the Federal Constitution
Was it annulled by the Constitution > No, sir,
far from it    It was íatified and reaffirmed by lan-
) guage too plain to be misconstrued The first
clause of the sixth article, penned at the very
time when there was a pending application to
Virginia to change the terms of her deed, reads
as follows.
" AH debts contracted and engagements entered into be-
fore the adoption of tins Constitution shall be as valid
igamst the United States under this Constitution as under
the Confederation "
I have already shown that the compact with
Virginia was entered into prior to the adoption
of the Constitution, and its validity unequivo-
cally acknowledged by the old Confederation,
and the effect of this clause consequently is the
same as if that compart had been incorporated
m the Constitution Nor is this all. The fourth
article enables this Government to fulfill its obli- I
gations by giving to Congress full power " to
dispose of, and make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting, the temtory oi othei propeity
i of the United States, ' and guards against the
abuse of this power by declaung, in the samo
clause, that " nothing in this Constitution shall
I be so construed as to prejudice the claims of the
Ho. ot. Reps.
United States or of any particular State." That
the Constitution was not construed by Virginia
as affecting her claims, und r her deed of cession,
is manifest from the act which she subsequently
passed to change that deed. It would have been
idle to tendei oi accept this modification, con-
fined as it was to one particular condition, had
the whole compact been already abrogated. Had
such been its intended operation, it can scaicely
be believed that Virginia, dissatisfied as she was
with many of Us provisions, and who finally
adopted it in convention by a majonty of ten
votes only, would ever have ratified it. But some
of these compacts, imposing conditions almost
precisely similai to those in the cession of Vu-
gima, weie enteied into subsequent to the adop-
tion of the Constitution. That instrument could
not subsequently annul them, and this fact alone
is conclusive to show that such was not under-
stood to be its effectupon those pieviously made.
This Government, sir, has never set up so mon-
strous a pietension. Its whole action proves the
reverse I might multiply instances, but it can
not be necessaiy. I will content myself with
referring to the celebrated veto message of De-
cember, 1833 In that message the late Chief
Magistrate, adopting the construction I have con-
tended for, says:
" The cessions of Virginia, Georgia, and North Carolina,
in express teims, and all the rest impliedly, not only pro
vide specifically the proportion according to which each
State shall profit by the proceeds of the land sales, but they
proceed to declare that they shall be faithfully anibonafide
disposed of for that purpose, and for no other use or pur-
pose whatsoever "
And adds:
ik This is the fundamental law of the land at this moment,
growing out of compacts which are older than the Consti-
tution, and formed the corner stone on which the Union
Hsell was erected "
Sir, need I go further > The question seems
indeed too plain for argument. The validity of
these covenants, never controverted until recently,
rests upon a foundation which cannot be shaken
without subverting the Constitution itself, and
denying all obligation in men to abide by their
most solemn engagements,
I have said that the principle of distribution
proposed in the joint resolution before you has
been sanctioned by the States. I proceed to the
proofs.
The General Assembly of Maryland, in 1821,
had this subject under consideration. A commit-
tee was appointed by the Senate, whose delibei-
ations resulted in a report and resolutions subse-
quently adopted by both blanches. As they were
the groundwork of the legislative action of other
States, I request that they may be read
The resolutions were lead. The first and sec-
ond are as follows.
" 1 Resolved by the General ¿Issembhf of Maryland, Tint
each ot the United States has an equal right to particip ite
in the benefit of the public lands, the common property of
the Union
"2  Rewlved, Tint the States in whose favor Congress
have not made appropriations of land for the purposes of
education, lie entitled to such appropriations as will cor
respond in a just proportion with those heretofore made m
favor of other States."
Mr ROBERTSON These resolutions, or
others of similar import, were adopted in the same
or the following yeai by New Hampshne, Rhode
Island, New Jersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania,
Vermont, Maine, and Kentucky
Tennessee, though she denied that the benefits
conferred upon her were as great as they had been
lepresented, declared that " she was far fiom re
si&ting claims set up by the old States to a par-
ticipation in the public lands," and concluded
with a resolution leaving the matter " wholly to
the wisdom and discretion of Congress "
It has been supposed that New York dissented
from these vipws I do not so understand hei
It is true that she did not concur with Maiylind
in disputing the justice or legality of the dona-
tions made to the new States, or claim on thit
account corresponding benefits On the contrary,
she asserted the right of Congiess to make those
donations But she justified them, not only on
the pietext that the new States had paid an equiv-
alent, but upon the ground of such ample power
ovei the public domain as would equally justify
the disposition now pioposed The report con-
tends that the public lands, if consideied as held
