I83&]
APP^BIJ^-O. TH£; gQNQR^SSIOJSAL GLOBE.*
905-
25íth-Cong....3  Sess.
Arkansas, in compliance, I presume, with these
resolutions, which requests him to give his hearty
cooperation and support to the bill introduced by
the Senator from South Carolina, proposed that
bill, with slight modifications, in the select com-
mittee.                   .
There are many andansuperable objections, in
my opinion, to this scheme.
In the first place, it apparently throws the In-
dians out of the protection of the General Gov-
ernment. By the original bilt.the Indian title is
to be extinguished at the expense of the State in
which thelandmay lie. This provision is omitted
in the .bill proposed by the gentleman from Ark-
ansas; yet all the public lands are ceded, and I
presume the Indian lands among the rest. With
whom are the Indians to treat? Is it meant to
surrender this power to the States? Would they
be disposed to assume so high and delicate a trust?
Or are the treaties, as heretofore, to be made with
the General Government? And if so, how will
the States be required to abide by the bargain?
and how is compliance to be enforced?
Again: all sale3 are to be conducted by agents
appointed by the States, upon terms prescribed by
the law. Here, sir, is a new and fruitful source
of collision between the Federa! and State Gov-
ernments, tn examining the accounts of their
agents; settling with their collectors and treas-
urers, some of whom, like our own, may depart
with .the public money to distant lands to the
other side of the water, controversies must be
expected to arise. Sir, I am opposed to making
new compacts touching the public domain. We
can make none more solemn nor more just than
those made by our fathers. I have no fear the
new States will refuse to abide by them. But if
they should, we can have no assurance that any
instrument human ingenuity can devise would
bind .them.
But there is a still more decisive objection to
this scheme, founded on its palpable injustice and
inequality. It is incredible that even the new
States themselves will ever consent to accept it,
with the exception, perhaps, of Arkansas, Mich-
igan, and Missouri, Remember, sir, that in
Ohio and Indiana.the far greater part of the pub-
lic domain has been sold, and the money paid
into the Treasury, in Ohio there remain unsold
about two million acres. Half the proceeds, in
round numbers, may be estimated at §5,250,000,
and this sum would be divided among probably
a million and a quarter of inhabitants. Missouri,
on the other hand, having upwards of thirty
million acres, would receive sixteen or eighteen
million dollars, for the use of some two or three
hundred thousand inhabitants; and Arkansas and
Michigan would share in somewhat similar pro-
portions. But this is not all. After receiving
each this enormous proportion of the common
property, the balance, instead of being divided
among the other citizens of the Union, twelve or
fifteen millions in number, is to go into the Treas-
ury as a common fund, in which those States are
again to participate. And this because, as it is
said, the principle ofdistribution is unconstitution-
al ! Sir, the scheme upon its face asserts the princi-
ple of distribution, not, indeed, of a fair, equit-
able, and gpneial distribution, but of an unequal,
partial,and unjust one. Still it is a distiibution.
How is it tliat'lhe Constitution authorizes distri-
bution of half the public lands, or half the amount
of sales among seven States, and prohibits a dis-
tribution of the other half among the remaining
tnneteen? admits the States created by it to a
division of a common fund, and excludes the Old
Thirteen who framed it from any participation in
what was wholly their own? But again,sir; this
scheme proposes to cede to Tennessee three mil-
lion acres of land, or more, belonging to the Uni-
ted States. What reason is there that a ratable
proportion may not be allotted to New York and
Pennsylvania, and every other State in the Union ?
It would seem that evety disposition of the pub-
lic land is constitutional provided it be confined
to one or a few of the States, but unconstitutional
if it renders equal justice to all. These constitu-
tional doctrines, sir, are beyond my comprehen-
sion.
I cannot pass without notice the project sub-
mitted some days past by the gentleman from
No. 20
Public JCcmds—Mr, Rotbert&itt;
Massachusetts, [Mr. Gushing.] It comes from
one who knows, not more perhaps than any gen-
tleman in this House, but as much as any man
in this country, of the extent and situation of our
public domain. His sehe'me proposes that the
lands themselves be divided" in severalty among
the States in equalized proportions, the division
commencing with the portion to which the title
is complete, and to be repeated, from time to time,
until the whole shall be partitioned. Let us try,
sir, how this will answer.' There are, at this
time, some two hundred and thirty million acres
ready to be divided, givtng, on an average, eight
or nine million to each State—varying in their
relative proportions, according to the quality of
the land and the population of the State, from
half a million perhaps to fifteen or .twenty million
acres. Congress is to pass an organiclaw defin-
ing the rights and powers over lands assigned to
one State within the limits of another. Can this
project, sir, ever be carried into effect without
extreme inconvenience, or the danger of serious
collisions among the States, and between the
States and this Government? Colony upon colo-
ny—wheels within wheels.
But suppose the partition made—the regulations
prescribed; possibly, for a time at least, some of
the States having these distant and dispersed pos-
sessions might perhaps be able to maintain them.
New York and Pennsylvania might, in case of
difficulty, keep theirs in Michigan or Arkansas, if
that should be then-location. But, sir, what would
be the condition of New Jersey, or Rhode Island,
or Delaware, in case their portion should be as-
signed in one of the larger States of the West or
South, and a controversy should arise between
them? Rhode Island, I suppose, would fit out ail
armament, and make a descent upon New Orleans,
to punish Louisiana for encroaching on her pos-
sessions. It would be quite amusing, sir, to see
my respected friend from Delaware, at the head
of a detachment of Delaware militia, marching
against Governor Casey, to punish some aggres-
sion by the people of Illinois, or to dislodge a
band often or twenty thousand squatters. How
would South Carolina or Georgia, at the extreme
South, maintain her settlements in Iowa or Wis-
consin, and from thence—for the magnificent
views of the gentleman from Massachusetts ex-
tend as far—all along to, the borders of the Ore-
gon ? Sir, I can conceive no means of preserving
her title but by dispatching orders, through means
of the newly-invented magnetic telegraph, direct-
ing aid to be sen t from colony to colony, stretching,
as they may, from the Ohio to the South Sea.
Mr. CUSHING. The gentleman endeavors to
meet my proposition by ridicule.
Mr. ROBKRTSON. Not so, sir; ridicule, it
is said, is the test of truth. I admit it is not al-
ways so; but the objections I have pressed I re-
gard as solid and substantial objections. They
are such as carry conviction to my mind, and to
that, I believe, of every gentleman who considers
them, that the scheme of the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be every way inconvenient, if
not impracticable. Sir, among the inducements
held out to the old States to cede their distant
possessions, not the least cogent was the difficulty
of retaining and managing them; and now, with
all the disadvantages arising from the surrender
for so long a period, with a denial of our title
now before us, these lands are again to be restored
in fragments, scattered over the western country,
and the colonial system of the States reestab-
lished.
Somewhat of akindredcharacter to this scheme
of partition is the one offered by the gentleman
from Georgia, at the last session, to which I have
before alluded. They both propose a division of
the lands; but the gentleman from Georgia would
divide them among the individual citizens, in-
stead of the States. Sir, the gentleman says he
proposed this only as an alternative, in case a
distribution should be determined on, but that he
was opposed to distribution in every form. I
drew a different conclusion from the resolution
itself. It does not suggest such a division as a
proper subject for inquiry, but instructs the com-
mittee to report a bill to carry it into effect. It
left no choice between that and any other mode.
Suppose the committee appointed: the gentleman,
• ./-Ho^.qFREPS.
of course, would have been the chairman, and
would have expected a committee concurring in
his plan. What would have been'done? A bill
must have been reported \ú conformity wHh/in-
struction?. Would he not'have voted for his
ov/n measure, or would he and the committee'
have opposed it in the House as unconstitutional Í
I can understand that an amendment may be of-
fered to a bill in itself unconstitutional, the mover
voting finally against the wrliole bill; but t cannot
comprehend how any gentleman can offer a dis-
tinct and original proposition in the shage of a
bill, to be voted for as an alternative, or in any.
other way, when he regards the measure itself as
unconstitutional.
Mr. HAYNES. I ask the gentleman if he
would not accept my proposition if he could not
get his own?
Mr. ROBERTSON. If I could get «qthing
better, I would, bad as it is. I prefer the distri-'
bution among the States, because I think it would'
be equally just, and less inconvenient. I do not
regard his scheme as unconstitutional; for, al-
though the compact declares that the benefits shall,
inure to the States, yet, substantially, you give it.
to the States in giving it to their citizens. But I
prefer the mode as it is prescribed by the com-
pact, as every way more proper, and leap incon-
venient.
If the States, sir, would find insuperable diffi-
culties in holding and managing their distant and
numerous possessions, under the scheme of the?;
gentleman from Massachusetts, how much more
impossible would it not be for individuals to get
the benefit of theirs? Let us look forward beyond
the present generation. Some fifty or a hundred
years hence, a descendant of the gentleman from
Georgia determines to look after his western lands,,
being the quota of his great ancestor, situated be-
tween the Mississippi and the Oregon. Will he'
go by land or water ? No matter, sir-, he weathers
Cape Horn or passes the defiles of the Rocky
mountains in safety; he is fortunate enough to
find his land, as described in his title-papers;. It
is in the possession of apreemptioner! one claim-
ing under the British or Russian Government or
the Baffin's Bay Company.' The regular affida-
vit-man of the district swears that he well remem-
bers when the settler cleared the land by cutting
down four saplings, with which he made art in-
closure, and then planted one grain of corn ami
two black-eyed peas. We wil| suppose, under
the preemption law, that is proof sufficient. What
would the claimantdo? Why, sir, be well pleased,
no doubt, to take what the Committee on Public
Lands offer to the old States, the costs and charges
incurred, and to return from whence he came.
I have gone through, Mr. Speaker, with the
review I have thought it proper to make of some
of the most prominent plans now before the coun-
try for disposing of the public domain. I wish
the people to know what they are. I have spoken
of tliem freely and frankly, as I am willing all
may speak of mine. I have pointed out the ob-
jections which prove them, in my opinion, im-
practicable or unjust, and have shaped my own
proposition with a view to avoid, as far as prac-
ticable, those objections.
So far, Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored, and
I trust not unsuccessfully, to prove that the prin-
ciple of distribution my resolution proposes, is
authorized by the original compacts, and sanc-
tioned by the Constitution; that it has been de-
manded by a majority of the States; directly or
indirectly conceded by all, and denied by none.
I beg leave now, sir, to state the nature of the
proposition a little more particularly, and the
reasons which lead me to hope it may be adopted.
It assumes the general principle of distribution
asserted in the land bill of 1832, from which,
however, it differs in some essential particulars.
Before noticing these, let us stop for a moment
and inquire what would have been the effect of
the passage of that bill? Upwards of fifty:seven
million dollars, sir, would have been distributed
among the States, of which my State would have
received nearly four and a half millions, and the
other States in proportion. It is true, that to get
rid of the accumulated surplus, arising in a great
measure from the sales of land, we were com-
pelled afterwards, in 1836, to pass what was
