300
APPÉNBIX TáTHE CONGÍRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Februaíy 7,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Lands—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
called the deposit bill, under which the States
received less than one half that amount. What
became of the residue, the $30,000,000? Wasted
in extr&vagant expenditures; in jobé to Execu-
tive supporters; purloined by absconding collect-
ore; scattered along the highway, on the Cum-
berland road; sunk in the swamps of Florida; in
harbors, rivers, and creeks; or covered beneath
the ruins of useless and dilapidated works falling
to pieces before they were finished. But, sir, I
return from this digression.
Í mentioned that in some particulars the joint
resolution on your table differed from the distri-
bution bill of 1832. The twelve and a half per
cent, allowed by that bill to the new States is
omitted. I regret, sir, that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunn] offered an amendment to
insert that provision. It was made originally, as
I have always supposed, to compensate the new
States for the loss they would otherwise sustain
in dividing according to the preceding census, in
consequence of the great relative increase of their
population since that census was taken. But the
resolution before you docs not propose any dis-
tribution until after the next census. It gives to
the new ¡States, therefore, the benefit of their in-
creased population; they get the full measure of
their rights, and there is no ground for allowing
them on additional sum by way of a gratuity.
But if the gentleman should persist in this unjust
amendment, it is demonstrable that his own State,
should it prevail, will lose greatly more than she
can gain. The allowance must, of course, be
made to all the new States as well as to Indiana—
that is, indeed, the provision of the amendment—
and to the Slates hereafter to be admitted, as well
as those already in the Union. The unsold lands
in Indiana are stated to be five million one hun-
dred and twenty thousand two hundred and sev-
enty-two acres. The whole of the unsold lands
of the Union are variously estimated from five
hundred millions to Seven hundred and fifty mil-
lions or more. Supposing the quantity to be six
hundred million , and rating it at one dollar per
acre, the twelve and a half per cent, of Indiana
on her unsold lands would be between six and
■even hundred thousand dollars; while her pro-
portion, say ono twenty-fifth part, or four per
<ent, of the one eighth, or twelvo and a half per
cent, surrendered to the other States, would bo
about three millions. The amendment would be
«till more injurious to Ohio, because the quantity
of unsold land within her limits is not half so
great, being two million one hundred and ten
thousand four hundred and five acres only, whilo
her population would entitle her to a much larger
«hare in tho amount surrendered. She would
receive between two and three hundred thousand
dollars, and give up about live millions. These
States, therefore, would unquestionably consult
their own interests in abandoning the proposed
amendment, or they will well deserve the loss they
will inevitably sustain in their attempt to secure
an unjust advantage.
Not only, air, is the proposed scheme more fa-
vorable to those States without tho amendment
than with it, but it is every way more favorable
than that proposed by,the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, fMr. Yem.,] or even that of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Harrison,] because
their proportions, say four or five per cent, on
the value of the six or seven hundred million acres
belonging to the Union, must exceed one half or
even the whole of the value of the public lands
lying within their respective limits. The gentle-
man from tndianahimself, [Mr. Dunn,] in an able
report presented by him to the Indiana Legisla-
ture, some six or seven years ago, has demon-
strated that hiaSlate would be the loser by accept-
ing the cession of all the unsold lands within her
lim!i?in I?referen<5<! t0 the distribution proposed
by Mr. Clay's land bill; and it is equally certain
that the proposition to distribute is more unfavor-
able to her with the amendment giving the twelve
and a half per cent, than without it. Indeed, sir,
it is even questionable whether Missouri, Arkan-
sas,and Michigan may not ultimately derive more
benefit from an equal participation than from the
unjust schemes now urged by their Representa-
tives, coujd they succeed, in carrying them. But
they cannot succeed. The new State  themselves
will never unite in them. Ohio will never consent
to receive of a common fund two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars, while Indiana, with a third
of her population, receives double the amount,
and Missouri, Michigan, and Arkansas, with a
still smaller number, receive each the enormous
amourit of four millions.* Still less will she ever
agree to the proposition which would give to these
States one half or the whole of the lands within
their limits, nearly thirty million acres on an av-
erage in each, while two million or one half of that
quantity is to be assigned to her, possessing, as
she does, a population exceeding that of them all
put together. Least of all, Mr. Speaker, is it to
be expected that the old States will ever submit
to schemes which deprive them of all participa-
tion, or of a just participation, in the common
property. I beg leave, sir, to read a few passages
from the report of the gentleman from Indiana I
have just alluded to. [Mr. R. read extracts from
the report.] Not only does the gentleman expose
the injustice and inequality of the scheme of a
total surrender, in its bearing upon the new as
well as the old States, but he pays a just tribute
to the generous policy pursued by this Govern-
ment in reference to the public lands, nnd frankly
acknowledges that he could scarcely think of any-
thing which could induce him, were he a citizen
of an old State, to give up the advantages which
the distribution of these common funds would
afford for education and improvement.
The joint resolution differs in another very ma-
terial respect from the distribution bill of 1832.
That bill required tho division of the proceeds of
sales without regard to the state of our finances.
The resolution, on the contrary, if adopted, will
not draw any money from the Treasury wanted
to meet the necessary expenditures of the Govern-
ment. It may be asked at what amount shall
those expenditures bo estimated ? The resolution
proposes to fix some limit to that amount, and
leaves it to the wisdom of Congress to say what
the limit shall be. For myself^ I will go as low
as |13,000,000, that being about the highest
amount expended during tho administration of
the gentlomanfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
who was so severely rebuked for his extrava-
gance by tho party in power, who now expend
between thirty and forty; or I will be content to
limit the sum to $20,000,000, which, perhaps, this
reforming Administration may make suffice. Un-
less the customs and other revenues equal that
sum, let the proceeds of the lands be applied to
meet the deficiency. It may be said there will
then be nothing to distribute. Sir, our import-
ations are constantly increasing; and notwith-
standing the compromise act, our revenue will
most probably not fall below $20,000,000. But
say that it will; then no injury will result from
the resolution, since it leaves the proceeds of tho
lands in that case applicable to the wants of the
Government.
There is no provision made in the joint resolu-
tion for the future reduction or graduation of the
Srice of the public lands. If my own judgment
id not disapprove these measures, the known
opinions of my constituents would be considered
by me as an instruction to oppose them. What
good reason can be assigned for reducing the
price of the Government lands? Will not the
lands in the hands of private proprietors, with
the privilege of taking choice out of upwards
of eighty million acres now open to entry at
$1 25, furnish at a low price all that can for many
years be required for cultivation,' There is enough,
were not another acre of public land thrown into
market, to subsist six times our present popula-
tion. Eighty millions and upwards have been
sold in the new States and Territories, and the
quantity in the other States must be largely up-
wards of two hundred millions; while France
has in all about One hundred and twenty-eight
millions, and Great Britain eighty-seven millions
only.
Uhe pretext is to benefit the poor. You are to
benefit the poor by giving them, at reduced
price, what are called the refuse lands.   Sir, I
* The unsold lands are stated to be in Missouri 33,158,987
acres. In Arkansas, 23,860,743 acres. 1b Michigan,
21,162,183 acres.
verily believe you could not do a poor man a
greater injury than to give him, for nothing, a
tract of poor land, and compel him to keep it. If
he has money to purchase refuse lands at fifty,
or even twenty-five cents, he would act more
wisely to lay it out in land of better quality, though
he should obtain but a half ora third of the quan-
tity. But it is a mere pretext. There is no man so
poor in this country, if he be able and willing to
work, but can procure more land than he can cul-
tivate. Any man who can buy a turkey or a bot-
tle of brandy may purchase an acre of good land.
An industrious mechanic, a day laborer, in sixty
or ninety days, may purchase enough to subsist
a numerous family. Yes, sir; the loafer who
throws himself nightly upon the marble steps or
stony pavements of the great metropolis of New
York may lie down, if he will,'beneath the shady
elms of Missouri, or the orange groves of Florida,
and rise in the morning lord of the manor. Nay,
more: if the new bill which I have seen upon our
i tables for the military occupation of Florida
I should go into operation, ten thousand men may
¡ each take his three hundred and twenty acres as
a free gift, and be furnished at the public expense
I with a year's support, medicines when sick, and
i nn army to defend him ! We are to make them
! a present of three million two hundred thousand
acres of the public land, and pay them—com-
puting each ration at twenty cents, to say noth-
ing of the expense of troops and medicines—
$720,000 to take it.
Sir, these schemes of reduction are not intend-
ed to benefit the poor. The true object is to
enable the rich proprietor to add to his posses-
sions by tnking up the contiguous lands ataprice
far below their value; or to benefit the speculator
into whose hands the tracts taken up under such
a law would probably soon fall. The man who
cannot acquire and hold land now, would not
hold it if given to him for nothing; especially if
the land to be given be as worthless as it is repre-
sented.
It is not the true policy of the Government,
Mr. Speaker, to invite more labor or capital to
agriculture. There is already, perhaps, too great
a portion of both withdrawn from the mechanic
arts. It is not the policy of any of the States
further to reduce the price of the public lands.
The inevitable effect will be to disperse the pop-
ulation, already too much scattered, to break up
the older settlements, and to diminish the value
of the land of every land-holder in the Union.
These effects have been adverted to, sir, by the
gentleman from Indiana, in his report. He as-
sents to the propriety of giving up the refuse
lands to settlers, but decidedly objects to a gen-
eral reduction of the price to cost, as proposed by
the late President.    He says:
" It is believed that no system founded on such a princi-
ple can lie carried into practice without enure ruin to the
present holders of land in the new States."
Mark you, sir, even " in the new States;" the
gentleman takes no notice of the old ones, whose
interests are still more deeply affected. It is even
thought ungenerous and envious on our part to
complain of what, when brought home to them-
selves, our brethren of the West can feel full as
sensibly as others.    He adds:
" To throw open to entry the unsold lands in the West
to actual settlers at cost, the immediate consequence will
ho a reduction in the value of the landed estate of the
country to an incalculable degree. The old counties wilt
be immediately depopulated by the people pressing on to
tho interior, each endeavoring to locate himseir before In 
neighbor. That portion of the community engaged in the
mechanic arts would quit their usual pursuits, to the great
detriment of the country."
Such, sir, are the views of the candid and in-
telligent gentleman—himself a western man—of
the policy of reducing still lower the price of the
public lands.
It would be of no advantage, sir, even to the
individuals proposed to be benefited. A day-
laborer or a mechanic can make more profit by
continuing his usual occupation, than by clearing
and cultivating lands. If the policy could be
confined to a single State—to Indiana or Ala-
bama, for instance—it might, perhaps, be found
beneficial to that State; because, in that case, its
population would not be withdrawn. But sup-
pose it adopted as a general measure-, suppose
