:íi6
APPENDIX TO TJffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
State of the Finances—-Mr. Briggs.
Up. as- Reps,
threat of force. That 13 the condition of the ques-
tion. Sir John Harvey would not say that he
viould withdraw the trespassers. They were
British subjects, and tire object was to maintain
jurisdiction by personal possession And the
avails of the proceeding are to be put to the dis-
puted territory fund J Britain intends that But-
lsh subjects shall hold personal possession of
that territory, and she therefoie backs the intru-
deis with the whole force of the empire to main-
tain her possession
The vote was now taken on the question of
striking out the last clause of the fourth resolu-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
18, nays 26
Mr. WEBSTER, I move now, sir, to bu ike
out the last clause of this fourth resolution, and
insert the words proposed by the member from
Illinois.
Mr. NORVELL suggested that these words
might be amended by saying " the vindication of
her rights," matead of " the redress of her griev-
ances;" so as to read,"and leave the ultimate
vindication of her rights to the Government of
the United Statr-s, to which it rightfully and con-
stitutionally belongs "
Mr. WEBSTER said he liked this change of
words, and adopted it with pleasure, and asked to
have the whole resolution thon lead, in ordei to
see how it would stand if thus amended.
The Secretary having road the resolution as
proposed by Mr  Wfiisthi to be amended,
Mr WEBSTER said: There, sir, I can under-
stand that, it savors of the titie doctune, cor-
rectly describes the duties ot Maine and our
own duties. It has the spun of the Constitu-
tion hi it, and I trust the Senate will adopt it as
it stands
Mi BUOHANANsaid this modification would
change entirely the import of the substitute pro-
posed by Mr  Yoonq
Mr WEBSTER thought otherwise.
Mr LINN. I rain vote for this; but if blood
has been shed, however wo may voto, the very
instant that blood is drawn by command of But-
ish aulhonty, at that mutant we shall be 111 a
•lute of w«i", and I would say, parilyzcd be the
tongue that would say nay, and the aim that
would not gno its aid to Maine It is a thing,
of course, to make pfitnottc spooehcs; but any
one who knows me will say that 1 will eome up
lo what 1 sty I will do, anil I would go Anther
if 1 could And 1 say again that, whatever wc
vole now, the veiy instant that blood js drawn
by Ilntisli aulhonty, that very instant my voice
shall bo for war.
Sir, I look back on the whole scene of haughti-
ness and pride wlm.li has been enacted upon us
by that Government, and the impression from it
in no way disposes mo to pacific measures to
wards lhat Government; and whenever there is
a doubt whether we ought to have war or not,
whenever such a doubt sliull ntise, that decides 1
me for war    I look back at the insults and inju- |
ríes which we have recuvid from that Power,
and which neither I nor the eountiv have for-
gotten, and which, though i am foigivmg, i can-
not forget, and in the event of a collision, how-
ever light, you will find  me voting for tin   ex-
tremist measures     Ay, sir, and 1 look forwaid,
too, at the prosnect of our bung sold to Gnat
Briiain through the medium of hei sto¡ lis    1 am
looking for the time whin we shall see troops of
British noblemen on this side of the Athntic; and 1
already in this country is there a passion, a love I
flowing up foi the point and titles of austot racy  ,
believe, therefore, it is a mattei of policy to
place an insurmountable barrier between the two
countries, at least for ten years to come                  |
The question was now put on Mr WcnsT-m*!,
motion to strike out and insert as above, and it
was decided in the affii motive—yeas 21, nays 21,
as follows-                                                                 1
YB1S—Mes«rs Allen, rtenton. Clay of Alnlnnn Ol-iv
roiM ruipmkn lutbtiert Oavis, rum r, fluhuird (might,
J )« , N cholfc-, Niks, Noiv< II, Pierce, Pnmiss, Ku.!8le-.,
hiiiith ol Coumtlicui, W.iJker.Wthslcr \\ lilts- YV ilium-,
ol M 1 i    U 1II1 un~ of Mi«-i Mppi, and Young—Jt
\ U d-ll'-r.    Ilutrd   Dronu   ttu< liannn   C-illiosn, 1
CI ijol keiiliitki   I lilton   hiiip   linn   Mtmt It   Moins
M nilón, Pit-t m  Une-   It  ane, kotiuiMm, &i \ier, Eannth
oi Itiüj-oui, bouüuiü, bttiil, i ¿llmudgi, and V\ ii^Ut—21    j
The first tluee resolutions of the Committee on
Foreign Relations on this subject were taken to-
gether; and agreed  to—-yeas 44, nays 1, (Mr.
R.UGGLES  )
The fourth resolution, modified as above, was
unanimously agreed to
Mi. RUGGLES offered as a fifth resolution a
declaration that the great and unaccountable pro-
crastination in settling this question was a cause
of much regret, and that this Government owed
it to the United States and to Maine to requne its
immediate adjustment
On the call of Mr. Niles, the resolutions of
Congress at the last session on this subject were
read, and appealed so strong and decisive (call-
ing for an immediate adjustment of the question)
that Mr. Davis withdrew his proposition, as not
likely to give any additional force to the injunc-
tion.
In a report of the proceedings in the Senate on
the Maine boundary question, published 111 the
Daily Globe of the 9th instant, the remarks of
Mr. ButiiAKAN, with several others, were copied
from the Intelligencer. The following note to the
editors of that paper, making some conections,
cseaped us at the time
10 IUE IOllOB.fl
IjAluAsltlt, March 82, 1B39
Gcniikmiin Tln.ro la one irror in ilie bkeicii 01 ihe
d< Inn in tin Señale 011 tilt night 01 [he lt>t mst ml, 1n the
suljittol the Mime controversy, wlm !i nppt ired in the
trl wei lay Intelligent er of Tin «day lust, ot hiifln icnt on
portnneo tojutilfy eoirtction from me I am made to «ay,
m the lourtli column ot tin louuh page, when sptaking ot
the proceedings on our northeastern lrontn r,tliat' all tins
the I'residtnt looks at boldly and manlully, on an trailed
eminence, aliove the feehn * ofthe country," &c , &e Now,
I certainly never used, nor could have used, sucli an ah
surd expresmoii The easiest mode ol correction is to slate
th< substance ol what I did sav, which is aa lollows
[The paragraph, as corrected, is given in the foregoing
deban J
I might make tome other corrections, mieh as ftiat I did
not say that this boundary question "had hoi n a vexed
qui «Ion ever union the treaty of 178J," and that" tins tor
rilory hud never been considered for a moment, from 1781
till now, ns a pait of Mame " liiivm¡rcnd< ttvorcd to prove,
and I think Miceossfully m a report to the Senate on a
former occasion, that it did not evi it h< ¡-in to b< a question
nl all, iiiitil tin- toutcrtuns uhitli pietidod the treaty ol
Muni, but r foibi nr to uotibh  toulurtlnr
I mike these c-orre< lions 111 no spirit of tomphunt ag-iinH
th< ripoinr, on the eontriry, considering the luteins  01
Ilie hour and the luigth of tin di hate, his sketch is more
aiiiiraii than tould hav< been reasonably expected
Vduih, very re&pectlully,
J \MBS liUCHANAN
SI A IK OI' THE FINANCK3
SPEECH OF HON. G. N. BRIGGS,
OT MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House or Repkeslntatives,
reiiitta!y2onii 9, 1839.
The House having under consideration the motion to re
commit the report ol the Committee of Ways und Means
on the state ol the I'minces—
Mr BRIGGS said he should not have at this
time risen, but for some remarks which had fal-
len from the honorable gentleman fiom South
Carolina [Mr. Rhlit] to dav, as well as fiom
onothei gentleman fiom South Carolina ycstei-
davi [Mr Picio si,] which were, indeed, but a
continuation of observations of the same kind
liom the some quarter The gentleman [Mr
Km ttJ had harped upon the taufl'antl compro-
mise bill,and had dee lured, with much solemnity,
that he should not violate it Why, who talked,
01 who had talked of violating it; Who asked
for any revision of the taiilT' Why were these
gentlemen so continually harping on thatstnng'
Was that pot tion of the Union so deeply interest-
ed in violating the compromise' He had sup-
posed it was the people of a diileront portion of
the country that had the deepest interest in such
a mcfisuie. yet they asked foi no such thing The
gpnth man spoke of the ¡treat lcluctance with
«'Inch he should violate the compromise, yet he
threw out temarles which veryjlainlv showed
that he would be very gkulif it v.cro violated. The
gentleman had said there weie two ways in which
this might be done the om was by dutrt legis-
lation increasing the late of duties, the oilier, by
such extiavagant expenditure as would creates
public debt.
The first of the two gentlemen from South Car-
olina [Mr Pickens] had commenced his speech
by warmly complimenting the fiank and open
course of the gentleman from Pennsylvania over
the way [Mi. Riddle.] He liael expressed the
liveliest satisfaction at it; had considered the
question as one of vital importance, and had called
on the countiy to witness that genileman's course
in regard to it, A ny one just entering the House
would suppose that some great and leading meas-
ure had been moved by one of the parties here,
but what did the mighty affair turn out to be?
Why, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
had made a report on the finances, and, finding
they had fallen into an error of fact, the chairman
made a motion to correct thaterior. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, supposing he had de-
tected other errors, moved to recommit the report,
that they might correct any errors it contained i
Yet the gentleman declared, in his own emphatic
manner, that here was an issue of the most in-
tense interest, and he called upon the party with
whom he has recently united himself, to rally,
and to vote against this terrible motion lo recom-
mit. It had often been said that new converts
were usually the most zealous of their sect, and
tins might possibly account for the burning zeal
of the gentleman from South Carolina 111 foimmg
this new issue, to which he attached such vast
importance. It was certainly mostsingulai ' Was
here any great pimciplc to contend about? Mr
B could perceive none But the issue was, at all
events, to be made The gentleman looked be-
yond the question before the House, and insisted
that the tiue question now was, whether the ex-
isting extravagance was to continue, or a whole-
some reform was to take its place. The gentle-
man placed his hopes of leform upon his new
friends. But, had he forgotten that the same party
on whom he now relied had voted enormous sums
for purposes from which it was now proposed to
withhold even the ordinary appropriations > Had
they not called on the Departments fiom diy to
day to see whether they could not conveniently
spend a ft w thousands moie on this object, and
a few thousand j moie on that' Had they not, in
some cases, made double appiopnations' Had
the gentleman foigotten the dcteimmod resistance
they had made to the distubution of the surplus
revenue' and, when all the Depaitments were
absolutely gorged until they wetc. 111 danger of
bursting from plethoia, had they not held on to
the money to the veiy last, with the grasp of a
dying miser* The gentleman ought not to pass
ovei these things. He gave notice to the country,
and repeated the oft-repeated note of alarm, and
warned the House and the nation that if it should
be attempted to reinforce a piotecting tariff, the
attempt would surely result in the dissolution of
the Union. What occasion was there forall this-1
Why should the gentleman, on this occasion,
repeat that note of tenor and alarm, and in an
octave higher than at foimer reheaisals' No-
body proposed to distuib the compromise here,
although elsewhere such a thing had been sug-
gested, but by none of the party with whom Mr.
IS. was in the habit of acting, by none of those
who were most mteiested that such measure
should succeed
Mi. B said he had been paiticularly impressed
by the lcmarlts of the gentleman tiom South
Caiohna, when protesting against a levision of
the tariff ni unconstitutional And be had been
led to contrast the views now expressed by that
gentleman with those avowed and maintained by
other leading gentlemen from his own Stale at
another time The gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Rhett,] who had last addressed the House, had
made the extraordinary assertion that thefiistlaw
avowedly passed «ith a -new to pioteotion, had
been enacted in 1820, and that the system had
not been consummated till 1824 The lemark
wis surprising In IfilG Mi B found on record
a speech delivered by a very distinguished gen-
tleman from the State of South Caiohna, an au-
thority to which the gentleman in particular
would not object, he meant John C Calhoun,
which was peifectly clear and decided in main-
taining the piopnety of enacting duties expressly
with a view to piotection That gentleman baa
thon been a member of this House, and had deliv-
ered a most lucid and convincing speech in favor
