318                                          APPENDIX W THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.                          [February 81,
25tií Cong....3d Sess.
Expulsion of Mr: Damcan-^-Mf. Gray.
Ho. OF REPS.
bills to the amount of some two or three mil-
lions. The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, on being inquired of, says that five
or six hundred thousand dollars of that amount
have been appropriated which "were notembraced
in the estimates, but which were called for at
subsequent periods by official communications.
It has been charged that the extravagance of
appropriations is \o be traced to the Opposition
in Congress. This is % singular'contradiction;
The Opposition,for twelve years, have been in a
minority in this House, and yet to them is attrib-
uted the charge of extravagance and waste. As
a member of the Opposit¡on¡ I have voted liber-
ally for objectsbf appropriation, when I believed
them to be just and proper, and I still Intend to
do so. But when gentlemen charge this respons-
ibility upon the Opposition, I say it is absurd in
the extreme. The Administration have the power,
whilst in a majority here, to prevent any and
every appropriation;' and they rhust not hope
thus to escape from a just responsibility. I have
not had time to look closely into these matters,
but I have before me a few cases to which I will
call your attention.
The matter of the #3,000,000 appropriation will
be in the recollection of every member of this
House; all who were here at that time; and'nlso
of the people of the country. It will be recol-
lected that, at the close of the session, four years
ago, upon the last night, there was an amend-
ment appended to the fortification bill, appropri-
ating the large sum of #3,000,000, to be placed in
the hands of the Executive, for the defense of the
United States. That appropriation was opposed,
with few exceptions, by all the Opposition mem-
bers, and it was supported by the members of
the majority. It passed this House, but was de-
feated in another branch of Congress, 1 allude
to it now, to show that the Opposition, at all
events, was not chargeable with extravagance in
that instance, where the appropriation was made,
as many believed, in direct violation of the Con-
stitution, and where it was proposed that a large
sum of money, appropriated without specifica-
tion, should be pinned in the hands of the K.xee-
utive, and yielded up to him for such disposition
as he might think proper.
Again: Two years ago an amendment was re-
ported from the Committee of the "Whole on the
Mate of the Union to one of tho appropriation
bills, appropriating $K)0,U0O to launch and equip
the ship Pennsylvania. It wfts the session with
which terminated the administration of General
Jackson; and some of his friends seemed to think
it was necessary to wind up the term of his offi-
cial service, that this great vessel—this leviathan
of the Navy—should lave her huge sides in the
waters of the Atlantic; they urged that she ought
to hr1 sent abroad over the world, Riul exhibited
to the nations of Europe, as an emblem of the
power and might of the people of this Union.
The bill came into the House; the yeas and nays
were tnken on the amendment upon concurring
with the Committee of the Whole in this enor-
mous appropriation. There were one hundred
and twenty-five votes against the appropriation,
and out of that number sixty-seven were Oppo-
sition votes; and of the number of votes on the
other side, a very few were those of Opposition
members The appropriation was defeated by the
joint votes of the members of the two parties;
but the Opposition voles outnumbered those of
the other side. Afterwards it came, up in the
shape of an amendment from the Senate, though
reduced to the/ sum of $100,000; and I believe
it will be found that a larger proportion of the
friends of the Administration voted in favor of it,
than of tbe Opposition. In my opinion, the whole
appropriation was extravagant and unnecessary.
The public service did not"req«ire it to be done.
There is another fact. At the next succeeding
session of Congress, when the Treasury of the
country was overflowing with millions, when the
ingenuity of certain gentlemen of Congress was
put to the test to use the money by any means
itliort of having it thrown back tiga'm to the peo-
ple from whom i: came, appropriations for forti-
fications were me.de to an amount double that
which was called for. In addition to this, a bill
was reported at another end of the Capitol for an
entire new system of fortifications, the'wholeeost
of which could not have been less than one hun-
dred million dollars; and that bill, too, came from
a quarter where there was a constant boast of
economy. It met with no favor from the Oppo-
sition members of this House; and the journals
of that day will show that appropriations for
roads, rivers, and harbors, were liberally voted
for by members of both parties. At that time,
gentlemen could see a propriety in such appro-
priations; but a change has suddenly come over
them. These fortifications, which were then so
necessary; and when, although on the eve of a
war, as we supposed, we were told we scarcely
had a gun mounted in any fort, and the necessity
was urged upon us not only of completingthe old
fortifications, but of beginning new ones—these
appropriations are now to be suddenly abandoned.
How is this? The appropriations for fortifica-
tions, I understand, are to be suspended this year
in anticipation that a new mode of harbor and
coast defense is to be adopted. Whether the
House will be of that opinion or not remains yet
to be seen. This new economy in appropriations
is to be applied to your numerous harbors and
extended coasts. The lights of the ocean, which
guide the sea-tossed mariner to n place of safety,
are to be extinguished; and he is to be given over
to the darkness of midnight and the fury of the
storm. The mouths of your rivers are to be left
obstructed; the harbors upon your lakes are to be
abandoned; and the multitudes that ride upon
those rough and tempestuous inland seas are to
bo given up to the mercy of the elements. Thou-
sands of lives and untold millions of property on
your great rivers are to be exposed to snags and
sawyers. All,all, are suddenly to be abandoned.
Let me tell gentlemen that, whatever temporary
object they may hope to gain by this course, they
may rely upon it that the people will look into
these matters. They are matters which deeply
concern them. They require the reasonable and
necessary appropriations for these great and im-
portant objects, and they will liuvo them.
Sir, I have already staled that what I have said
in regurd to these questions of tariff and internal
improvements has been said defensively. Gen-
tlemen so often rise on this (loor, (especially those
honorable gentlemen from South Carolina who
have spoken,) and reiterate charges of injustice,
and oppression, and fraud, in connection Willi the
taiilf, tlml justice has seemed tome to demand
that those charges should be repelled. I do not
admit the position which gentlemen here seem to
tulte Cor granted, that this system is oppressive
and unjust. I deny it; and f will not fear, on a
proper occasion, to maintain and prove the position
that the South has never paid anything under this
system beyond the just portion which fell to her
in contributing to the expenses of the Govern-
ment. I hold this to be capable of the clearest
demonstration.
But, sir, nlthough we at the North arc so deep-
ly interested in the preservation of this system,
we do not conic here with any view to reogitate
this question of the tariff; and Í do not know why
gentlemen who profess to regard the principles of
the compromise bill as sacred (although neither I,
nor any Representative from the State wliich I in
part represent,.voted for it) whilst we are silent
and make no move, should scarcely ever speak
without allusion to that agitating topic. The
gentleman the other day manifested what seemed
to be a morbid sensibility that it might be agita-
ted. Though he would not oil any account do it
himself, yet he thought it manifest how easy it
would he to do so.
Sir, we do not propose to agitate this matter
before the exigency comes that shall render it
necessary to do so. When that exigency shall
come, I do not suffer myself to doubt that this
House will enter upon (hat great subject with
the calmness, cnndor.and wisdom which become
those who are intrusted with the interests of a
great people. I deprecate entering upon it in ad-
vance. ) think that we should in rv#ry way cn-
deavrir to ealm the rising tempest, to cultivate a
kind and brotherly feeling, a friendly and genet -
ous intercourse; so that, when the gient occasion
shall arise for the discussion of questions so
exciting mi their nature, we may enter upon it
withthe calmness which becomes theimportance
ef the «ubjeét.ítnd thecharacter of. those who
are to decide upon it. The manufacturers of
this country (I speak of that portion of country
which I represent) desire, of all things, stability
and certainty; moderate protection, with cer-
tainty in the laws, would be preferable to higher
duties, with perpetual fluctuation and change.
They desire to see the time come when they can
lay in a stock of cotton and wool, with the cer-
tainty that the existing laws will not be changed
before the raw material can be wrought into fab-
ric for the market. They ask from you nothing
unreasonable—they want nothing that is unjust.
But they do say that the institutions in which
they have invested such vast amounts of capital,
which have been invited into existence and reared
up under the protecting auspices of this Govern-
ment, should still be protected; and they say that
it would be suicidal in the extreme for you to
raise your hand against them. • They do not look
to such an event—they do not expect it. A just
Government can do no such thing, a wise and
¡ paternal one wiil not do it.
EXPULSION OP MB. DUNCAN.
SPEECH OF HON. HIRAM GRAY,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February HI, 1839,
O  the resolution of Mr. Prentü-s to expel Mr. Duhgah
from his seat.
Mr. GRAY said he did not rise for the purpose
of debating, but for the purpose of ending the
debate, which he believed was uselessly consum-
ing the time of the House. The resolution under
consideration involves three questions. One is
whether the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Southgate] have misrepresented the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan.]
Mr. STANLY.    There is no such question.
Mr. GRAY. I think otherwise. The next
question is, whether the gentleman from Ohio, if
he has not been misrepresented, is justifiable, and
if not justifiable, the third question would be,
what ought to he done in the premises? And
when these questions arc disposed of, another
arises; and that is, whether the House has the
constitutional power to deal with a member for
what he may say through the columns of the
press in relation to another member; and if all
these questions bo so determined as to present a
case clear of constitutional difficulties, then it will
be claimed that before the House can proceed to
try this recent insult against its dignity and char-
acter, it must proceed to the trialof an older case,
entitled by every consideration to be first consid-
ered. I allude to a case that occurred at the last
session, and not yet disposed of.
Mr. WlSEsaiu that if the gentleman would not
move the previous question, he intended to raise
the question whether he had been reported here
as guilty of murder, for having borne a challenge
out of doors. The House was about to take, not
retributive justice, but preventive justice. If Mr.
W. was bound by the law, he would submit to
the law; but he said to this House,either protect
me, or restore to me the arms of the cavalier, and
I will protect myself. He was ready to go to the
penitentiary, if the House choose to send him
there.
Mr. GRAY. I am not disposed to withhold
or extend to the gentleman the arms of the cav-
alier; whether he has them or not is quite unim-
portant. I was saying, sir, if the present case
be urged, there is an older and more important
one that should be first considered; one in which
the life of a member has been sacrificed; and be-
lieving, as I do, that the short time remaining of
the session is insufficient to consider either, for
the purpose of disposing of the whole matter, I
move that the resolution be laid on the table;
and upon that question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken and lost; there being—
yeas 8.1, nays 01.
Mr. GRAY said the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Prestiss] had seen fit to allude to him
as the defender of the gentleman from Ohio,
