1839.]___________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.                                      31
25th Cong....3d Sess.                   Wisconsin Contested Election—Mr. Gushing.                         '     Ho. of Reps '
[Mr. Duncan,] and has said that he had not read
and hence had misapprehended his resolution.
Asa test whether he or the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi had misapprehended the resolution, he
submitted to him whether, if a committee be;
raised, the gentleman from Ohio would not have
the right, in justification of his publication, to
establish, by any competent testimony, that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. South-
gate] had spoken, as published, of him what
was not true? and if he should succeed in the
proof, could any man, or this House, ever gain-
say the right of the gentlemanfrom Ohio to pub-
lish to the world that they had misrepresented
him? Certainly it would not be pretended that
because they were members of this House they
could speak and publish as having spoken upon
this floor, in all cases, with impunity; and that
the dignity of this House, so much talked and so
little cared about, would protect its members from
exposure for misrepresenting any one, a fellow-
member or a stranger. I do not pretend to say
who is the aggressor in this instance; that is not
now a question under consideration. I now ask
the gentleman from Mississippi whether I have
misunderstood his resolution, and submit whether
he has not himself misunderstood it? He surely
has, if he has entertained the idea that under it the
gentleman from Ohio would not have the right to
justify his publication by proving its truth.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Pren-
tiss] entirely misunderstood me if he supposed
I was defending the gentleman from Ohio. I
have not attempted it, and shall not. It would
place me in the attitude of defending certain gen-
tlemen of the Opposition, which I have not the
capacity or disposition to do. Much concern is
all at once felt for the honor and dignity of this
House by a party, members of which have done
more to impair the honor, dignity, and character
of this House, and the nation, than any publica-
tion sent into it from out of doors.
Gentlemen in favor of this resolution seem to
suppose that members of this House have the
right to say of others what they please, provided
it be said upon the floor, in debate; and that the
humble right to reply, through the columns of
the public journals, is a contempt, unless it be in
courteous language, however uncourteous the at-
tack to which the reply is made. Gentlemen here,
in many instances, (in my judgment very im-
Í>roperly,) speak of persons out of the House in
anguage as offensive as that used by the gentle-
man from Ohio.
The President of the United States, elected by
a large majority of the suffrages of the American
people, has been, within a few days, charged,
upon this floor, charged with living in luxury
and idleness in the White House, and basely
pandering to the corrupt views of a few that de-
sire equally to divide the private property of the
people, without regard to those by whose honest
industry it was earned. A baser libel has not
been uttered on this floor, or elsewhere, or a
greater indignity offered to the judgment of the
people. No man, whose opinions or actions are
the subject of consideration on this floor, is spared
from the most odiou3 epithets that can be formed
from the English language. No virtue on his
part shields him from attack, and perfect inno-
cence scarcely extenuates. The right thus to
speak is accorded to all, each placing himself
for trial at the bar of public opinion for what he
says of persons out of the House—for his abuse
of the constitutional freedom in debate.
But the dignity of this House is otherwise in-
jured and its character impaired. Its power has
been set at defiance. During the present Con-
gress the presiding officer of the House, while
presiding over the deliberations of this body, has
been called the supple tool of the " occupant of
the White House "for corrupt and dishonest pur-
poses. The gentlemen now zealous to maintain
the dignity and character of this House did not
then feel so shocked as to offer a resolution to
reprimand or expel. A member of this House
has refused to vote, and openly defied the power
of the House to compel him to vote. Thegentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Prentiss] nor his
friends were not then so tenacious of their dig-
nity and the dignity and character of the House;
but when any one, not of their party, upon his
own responsibility, and out of the House, pub-
lishes even a member of their party, the dignity
and character of the House and the dignity and
character of the nation are at once assailed in
the person of a partisan friend. Publications of
this kind are not new; similar ones were made
some years since by Cage and Plummer, of Mis-
sissippi, one a member and the other notamem-
berof this House; byjarvis and Smith,of Maine;
and more recently by two members of this House.
Each of these publications were as severe as the
present one, and no gentleman felt himself called
upon to draw the attention of the House to the
subject. I do not wish to be understood as de-
fending these publications any further than is ne-
cessary to rescue the character of the person
attacked from the effect of misrepresentation. 1
repudiate, as much as any one, the use of the
language adopted by the gentleman from Ohio.
The words " liar andscoundrel" are dignified too
much when elevated to a use upon this floor, or
applied by one member to another. Sir, if the
precepts of the school in which I was educated
should be adopted here, instead of the "code of
honor, "the words liar and scoundrel would never
be used. When I am satisfied that a man is a liar
and a scoundrel, I am at the same time satisfied
of another thing; and that is, that he is not wor-
thy of the notice of a gentleman. To call him
so, neither degrades him nor elevates a gentle-
man; but it degrades a gentleman and elevates
him; it brings them in contact with each other,
which can never,be done without imparting each
to the other a little of the influence of their re-
spective characters. I was not educated to respect
this code of honor, that avoids discretion, and
does injustice to our better feelings; that violates
the laws of the land and the mandates of God.
I am frank to say that I think discretion the bet-
ter part of valor; and if all here would thus think
and thus act, we would hear less empty vaunt-
ing, less of boasted chivalry and of the arms of
the cavalier, that creates disgust in one portion of
the Union, and is of doubtful credit in another.
Who resort to the language we have heard
here, but gentlemen who acknowledge " the code
of honor" as binding upon their conduct? Not
an instance can be cited during the present ses-
sion of exceptionable language but by gentlemen
who acknowledge the supremacy of the " code
of honor," and who borrow occasionally from
the vocabulary of the blackguard's language, to
express their hatred of their adversary, and suffi-
ciently strong and abusive to throw off upon their
opponent the responsibility of making the call.
I have said that I do not defend the language of
the gentleman from Ohio; if, however, he has
been wantonly misrepresented, he has the right
to say so, and publish it as extensively as he
pleases. The choice of language is a matter of
taste, in relation to which the power of the House
cannot be interposed. Surely the House would
not exercise its authority in a mere matter of
rhetoric, a choice between words, and compel the
adoption of the one or the other; that is a mere
matter of taste, in relation to which every one is
left free to judge, and choose for himself. Public
opinion must and will correct these evils. If a
sentence be ungrammatical, the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] highly qualified, and
always ready, will " do it into English." It is
not from publications made out of the House, and
sent into it, that its dignity and character is to
be lost or impaired; but it is from remarks made
here, and published to the world, that this body
loses its dignity and its character. Sir, to this
and the other branch of Congress, the State Le-
gislatures look for example, and what is the ex-
ample set them ? It is to insult the dignity of
their "body, by insulting their Presiding Officer—
the man they have themselves elected to preside
over them, and refuse to vote, and set the power
of the House at defiance. These, sir, are some
of the numerous scenes that have transpired here,
which I trust will only be remembered to be dis-
approved of. When I was last up, I moved to
lay the resolution on the table, for want of time
to discuss it. The gentleman from Mississippi
thought it singular I should make such a motion;
' whether he thought my motives pure or not, I
appeal to the country if I was not right.
Mr. PRENTISS disclaimed the slightest in-
tention to impugn the motives of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. GRAY said he did not intend to be under-
stood as saying that the gentleman had impugned
his motives; and I now, with great confidence
that I am right, appeal to the House, and to the
recollection of the oldest members in it, to bear
me out in the assertion that no question of priv-
ilege was ever tried and disposed of in eight days,
which is all that remains of the session. We
have much important business on hand that must
be passed over for want of time to do it. Should
this matter be considered of sufficient importance
to ride over the pressing business of the country,
I again say, and I say it in no offensive sense to
any one, that there is a question of privilege of á
more serious character, which has precedence in
point of time and importance; it is among the
unfinished business of last session; it is a case
viewed differently in different parts of the Union;
it is one in which many conscientiously feel a
deep interest. I speak of it in the language of
my constituents and in the language of the law:
And, sir, I ask gentlemen, who seem to be hor-
ror-stricken at this publication, before they give
it precedence over the all-important business of
the «ountry.and the still higher question of priv-
ilege pending at the last session, to compare the
two, if they can magnify the present case into a
comparison; and a moment's reflection will show
that if this was wrong, that was foul; if this is
an insult, that was murder.
Wisconsin contested election.
REMARKS OF HON. C. CUSHING,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 3, 1839,
On the Wisconsin contested election.
Mr. CUSHING said that his opinion of th 
present case was founded on the facts proved of
admitted on all hands, and on the provisions of
law contained in the statute-book.   So far as ha
knew anything of the question, it was, indeed, a
pure question of law upon the facts reported to
the House.    These were the true elements out of
which a right judgment is to be formed as to the
competing claims of the two gentlemen who re-
spectively claim the seat.    In briefly expressing
his views on the subject, he should begin by col-
lating the material facts in what he conceived to
be the natural and proper course, and then apply
to them the pertinent provisions and principles of
law.
Mr. Doty comes here and presents the follow-
ing certificate:
Territory op Wisconsin, Executive Department.
To all to whom these presents shall come greeting:
This is to certify that, at an election held in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin on the 10th day of September last, in
conformity with the act of Congress establishing the terri-
torial government, and the laws of the said Term ory, James
Duane Doty received the highest number of votes for tho
office of Delegate to Congress of the United States, and is
therefore declared to be duly elected.
in testimony whereof, I have tiereunto set my hand, and
eaused the great seal of the Territory to be affixed. Done
at Mineral Point this 27th day of October, in the year of onr
Lord 1836.
f> s.]                                 HENRY DODGE.
This certificate, it is admitted, is a true one;
that is, at an election held in Wisconsin in Sep-
tember last, in conformity with the act of Con-
gress establishing the territorial government and
the laws of said Territory, Mr. Doty was chosen
to be its Delegate in Congress. Was he elected
for one year or for two years ? Does his term of
service apply to the present (the Twenty-Fifth)
Congress, or to the next ? That is the firstques-
tion for the House to decide; for, as Mr. Doty
claims a seat in the present Congress, he must
make good that claim,and this upon the strength
of his own title, not upon the defects, real or sup-
posed, in the title of Mr. Jones.
Mr. C. said the first thing to be remarked on
the face of the certificate was its absolute silence
in regard to the tenure of the office, and the pe-
riod of its beginning or close. It does not set forth
that Mr. Doty is elected a Delegate for the term
