1839.]
APPE$DJX TO THE COftGRESSJON Ali J3L0BB.
321
25tii Cong....3d Sess.
Indian Affairs—Mr. Everett.
Ho. qr Reps.
cert ficate' Suppose that he or the House, in
fact, thought at the time that he was then «itting
unde"- the present cettilcate ho  could that mis-
concept on, of himse'f or of any other man, affect
the legal force and import of the act of 1817 ap-
plied to the act of 1836' Who ever imigined
before that the mere mistake of an individual or
of individuals repealed an act of Congres*,? In j
point of fact, Mr Jones came to the Twenty-
Tourth Congress, a Delegate from Michigan He
¡sat m the first session of that Congress as such
without dispute, because, though a part of the
previous Teintory of Michigan assumed to be a
State, and the credentials of Mr. Craiy, as its
Repiesentative elect, were communicated to the
House on the 16th of December, 1835, yet the
State was not recognized as such by act of Con-
fress until the 26th of January, 1837, nor was
Ir Crary sworn in until that time, and that part
of Michigan now constituting Wisconsin still
remained unquestionably a Terntoiy long after
the domestic otgamzation of the Slate of Mich-
gian. Nay, the political community which, in
anticipation of the action of Congress, organized
itself as a State, differed materially ftom that
winch was actually admitted into the Union as
such. Accoidmgly, on the 7th of December,
1835, as dppeais by the Journal, Mr Jones ap-
peared and took his place as the Ddigate fiom
Michigan He was chosen, and held aceitifictte
foi two years When did that ceitificate expire >
Whethei it was cut short by the onxanuation of
the Teintory of Wisconsin, in July, 1836, or
whether (which seems the titier construction) it
did not cease to have effect until the admission of
Michigan as a State, in Januaiy, 1837—in either
cast, Mi C thought it lift the oiginizatioii of
Wisconsin to stand upon its own nieius, giving
to the Delegate of that Terutoiy a tenuie of sei-
vice cones ponding in peuod and in duiation with
th«.t of Repiesentative  from the States
INDIAV A Fr"URS
SPEECH OF HON. II. EVERETT,
Or VERMONT,
In the HoesE of Represevtatives,
Janmty 24, 1830
The House having re  lived itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpo e of
rcfemii,. the unn! -ubjicts (.outlined la the Pre ideate
ines age, and having under consult ration the lollowing res
oiuuon
IlmUel, Tint so much of said messl:;e as rente's to
Indian iff ur  ( \ci pi what concern- the de en=e of the
frontiers tg mi t I idiinho uliti <, ami the prot cum of the
li di in  a¿¿in t the mtru ions ot the citiz. n-ofthe Uuued
Stale , lie referred to the Committee on Indian Affair ,
Mr EVCRET F requested that the part of the
messige lelitmg to hitii-tn affairs might be read,
Mr. É, lutenupting the redding, said he pie
sumed it would he sufficient to refer to the pas
sage  on which he intendtd to comment
" The occa ion is, there'ore, deemed a proper one to
plací tin- policy 11 -in hap init oi view a will ctouirate
the G ii ei nun lit ul the 'Jnitiil cutos from the unde-erv.d
reproach winch ha  hem ca t « ion it through si veral sue
ccssive Adiiiuii tiatl<ni  i hat a mixed oceup ilion ol the
•nmuimmil hy ilie white ind red m in _ iiicuuipatilil.
with tin- - itelv or liappine   ol < uher, i  i i o in in in le
spi ct 11 which ihi n In long -inci ce i-ed 11 he room for a
difference.  opinion K > m and expern me hav alike
di moii trued u-linpric lealnlltj ill Imt.r liuit-of ivcrv
att. iiipl hi reto ore 11 ov re >me the h lrrn i- inn rp i-c I li}
nature Inv milvteiudi miction both phv ic ll and moni,
to the liidim, «lang ruu  conflict  ol authority b.tw.ui
the Fodeial and ¡state gov. riinii nts, and delriini nial to the
uidiudml prosperity ot the citizen, a  well a  tothegi ueral
impi.nemeiit of the countrv Ihe remedial pohev, the
pi un iples or which w< re settled more til in thirty j i ir  d¿o,
under llio ndnitni tration ol Mr Jcflirson, consist  in an
eximction, lor a fur consider «ion, ot the title to all the
I md  still occupit 1 hvihe Inditn viitlnn the states and
Territoiliso! the Uitu. d 8mo , th u r. moral to a countri
west nl ihe Musi-sippi mm h more exll lisivi, and hetter
adapted I  their coiitht.mi, tlmi that on which they then
re lied the guarantee ti turn, hy the United Suite-, of
tneir < vc. u ive po ses ion of that e uutrv forivu, exempt
fon all i itru in  hi white in n with anpe provisions
fir thur security a.iain t eutriia! vol ncc «rid iiitiinal
disseusio i->, and Un cítm io¡i to ihetnol sm able t icilme 
t rtieir nlvuionii nt in nl.'U.on X in hi  not hi in
the pucvot pit iculir Ahiiiii ti itinn  onlv  but >l < ich
II sif-c ion -u < e ih n tit mpt lo can; u out undir
thiuot Ml M i        All i •  lih red lor it ic-cnin|'i h
«lent, oiih with difieren! degree  ot  ueee-  i he ui inner
of its c xe cti tion has, it i  true, from time to time, given rise to
No. 2!
conflicts of opinion and unjust imputation , but, in respect
to the wisdom and neces-itv ot the policy itsclt, there li i 
not, from t ie beginning, existed i doubt.m the mind ol any
calm, judicuiu  di-iulete ted mend ol the Indian ra e, ac
customed torefl cuon and enlightened hy e\pi runic "
" Occuiijm^ the double ch o icter of lontiictor on its
own aeeoii ir md <ru inlian for the parties contracted with
it w i  hardly to he c xpected that the dealing  oMlie federal
Government w irli Use Indi m tnli   wn ild e cape im rep
resemtation That there oe-oumd in the ( arly  etlltuie nt
of this countn, as in all other  wh re the civilr/ed race
has succeeded to the possessions of the «ava<re, mstanci s
ol oppression and fraud on the part of the former, there 13
too much reason to believe No such ofteu c  can, how
ever, be justly charged upon t.n  Government since it he
came free to pursue its own course 11  dealing with the
Indian tribes have been just and Inendly throughout
" Ihe United States have fulfilled in good futh nil their
treaty stipulations with the Indian tribe-, and have, m everv
other instance, in i ted upon a like performance of their
obligations "
It will be seen, from these extracts, that the
message was intended as a general defense of the
conduct of the past and piesent Administration
(" since it became free to pursue its own course")
in regaid to the Indians, against what the Presi
identis pleased to call " undeserved leproaches,"
" uti]ust imputations," " misiepresentation "
And it affiimsof this Government " Its dealings
with the Indian tribes have been just and fiiendly
throughout," and that " the United States have
fulfilled in good faith all their tieaty stipulations
with the Indian tribes "
Having in times past animadverted on the
course pursued by the two Administrations to-
waids the southern Indians, I cannot but take to
myself a full share or the censuie implied by the
message, and I feelcalhd on to examine on whom
censure ought to lest I will state distinctly some
of the leading charges which hive been made,
and the grounds on which they rest, and will
submit to the judgment of the people of this na-
tion whethei the chaigcs contain aught of " unde-
served r pioach,"of" unjust imputation," oi of
" misreptesentation "
I v, ill first correct an historical error The
Piesident attributes to Mi. Jefferson's admmis-
tiation the establishment of the remedial policy
of Indian removals I have found no document
or fact in our history thatgives countenance to it
And 1 will be obliged to any gentleman present
to name one
Mr HA\ NES refened to the Cheiolcee treaty
of 1817
Mi EVERETT. That was after Mr Jeffer-
son's reign
Mi H 4.YNES But it refers to facts during
his time
Mr EVERETT And what is the reference '
It is to a fact the very íeverse of the policy ot
Indian lemoval, as undeistood by Mr Momoe,
its leal author ihe fa< t refined to is this In
18D8, a poiuon of the Cheiolcees applied to Mi
Jiffeison foi permission to remove to the West,
not for the puipose of being theie civilized, but
" lo continue the hunter state " This, and this
alone, was the policy proposed dining the ad
ministration of Mi Tefferson —to remove such
and such onlv as desned " to continue the hunter
life " On this subject I will make a ícfuc net to
the repoit of the Committee on Indian Affaus in
1834, made under the supervision ot one will
acquainted with the histoiyof oui Indian rela
lions I allude to the present Executive of
Gtoigia
<  Wlntevir diflT rene, of opinion rnij beretofoie rnve
exi-t (I thep hi) o tin G ivi rnmi ut in r _ird to the futuic
cu rh i mol ihc-i tribe-of Jndiin- nnv non le regaulid
i definitive \ sctthd In mduei t " in to n move ve t oi
tin Missi sippi, to a t< n itorj set tpariand iledn itedtoiln ir
u c md government forcvi r !« ecuie I > Hum til i ilin.ii
hrmt ti il vate their uitelh ctinl moni, and civil toudi
lion , and to fit tin in lor the enjov inent ol (he blessing  oi
a fri e govi rnmi nt is that poiicv   ' &c
<  7In. project for n moving ihe eastern Indians west oi
the Mis-i sippi mav be rutin d for it  origin to a prnposi
tion of a pan ol tin Chnok.c tribe in leüS, ' u nmove
aiross tin Mis i s,|pi nvcr mi some vacant land of Ihe
United feme ' anil then ' to continuo the hu in i III;, m
const qu nee of which, .n lbl", they etciungut their 1 mils
et-t 'bi la d vve t ot i ut nv i                             .
" TiieClKc twtniiynt Wl made ' to promote the civ
il nation ol the e- lUlucttw In Inn , bl the e tibh hment
of schools am nulu m md to p rp. tu lie thei i i i n «ion,
bvevcliiismsl ' i in.llpuiol II. ir iml .emury ho
void the AI, . . in hv r uheii alluh.lv. hv ,,., i?
md vv 11 not uoi uilj he toll..! In„ th r _r lit t.uii
itr-aolla In toitli. nv it) t nt o p) < N. tier
ol the o i. m l>n ii to Hi ciiiizaiono the ludí n 
west ot the Mississippi, and if i  vvo.thy ot rem im that this
pmrnrjoon. for the ourDOse of continuing the hunter life,
em.grdtion, for tlie purpose of continuing
his, coiunrv to all thought rr tvpectaiiti hid the fotin
daño i for Indrut cmli7itimi, Ihose who tier, thtis pent
olF having lar rMit tilpp. d those thev leit behind la the arta
ol civilization and in ¡heioiti ortsotlife
li in IS"**) the pi m tor th. r. mov il tud civilization of the
Indian tribes was otlici illv pre-sed on tin ttlt niion of Con
giess. bv the Presid. nt'  [Mr Monroe' ] m^i". nnd tile
report of the Secret uy ot W u [Mr C illioun] of that year
lneplan then piopo ed was ' to anpiire at-ufnilem tract
of countiy west <rt the ?UUi^oC Aiis-oun and iirrltoryof
Arkansas, ut order to establish permanent set!lenient  jn
thatquaiter of the tribes which were pi iposed'to here
moved,' to give them the ' strongest and most solemn nr-
sunm e  that the countiy given t,hun sbpDld he tjbcirs aa a
permanent home for tin in elves mid their posterity, with-
out being disturhi d hi the eiicioaebmetits of our citizens,*
' to add to such, assurtnees a system by Which the Govern-
ment, without destrovmg their indepeudnice, would grads-
ually unite the severtl tribe  nndei a snnplejbut enlight-
ened system of government and law ' "
So much for the historical error , jior would it
have deseived so much notice, were it not the
fashion to draw on Mi Jefferson for authority 
when facts were not at comaiand
I now íetum to the charges and to the defense,
Against the policy of Indian removals, as undei-
stood by Mi Moniot, oi as defined by the com-
mittee, no íepiotchis wtie ever made I, cerr
tainly, have made none, neither agam&t the poiicv,
nor against any Admimstiation for suppoitingit.
It was one of the objects of the tepoit to cairy it
into execution That policy was to induce thq
Indians to lemove, not to fone them And this?
constitutes the difference of the policy befoie 1829
and since—"since it (the Governmtnt) became
free to puisue its own eouise " The" repioach-
es," the " imputations," have been made against
this change of the policy, or, if you please, in the
language of the message, to " the mannei of Us
execution "
I proceed to the specification of the charges
brought against the last and the piesent Adinm-
lstiations I shall submit to the committee and
to the nation, whether Us dealings have been )t si?
Whcthct it has fulfilled all treaty stipulations with,
the Indian tribes—with the southern tribes'
I begin with the Seminóles The charge is,
that the Executive, in 1835, commenced war
against ihe Seminóles, to enforce the execution
of a tieaty not It gaily or morally obh¿atory upon
them, and, for that puipose, the wai,thus un-
justly commenced, is continued to this nine
In 18361 attempted an ex imination of tins sub-
ject in detail At this time I shall content mj self
with giving a brief of one of the ob|cctious thin
taken, and to which the late special message of
the Piesident (document 93) has given additional
force
By the treaty concluded with the Seminóles—
concluded on the 9th May, 1632, ami lalified 12th
Aptil, 1634—thevogieid toem'grale to the coun-
] try wist ot the Mississippi, heretofoic ceded to
the deck nation, on ciitain conditions, one of
which was that the Ciceks should assent to )e-
1   unite with the Seminóles as one people, and that
I they should be "lecencd as a constituent pint of
the Creek  nation, and be uadmitttd to  all   ihe
privileges as a member of the same "   Theteima
of thufcondition hue leference to foimei  gela-
tions bi twu n tin   Seminóles and Cie. Its     The
S mmoli s weie firm, r'y a distinct band, having
i ascpuate location  and, as such, weie a consnt-
I UPrt pait—imembi r of tin Ciei k nation—or (as
expussed in article foui) of the " Cn il. confeder-
ation "    They sccidcd fiom   the Cnik  nation,
and by the trmty of Camp Moultrie of 1823, wire
recognized is an independent tube     The ob¡i ct
and  puipos-e of the condition was obviou ly to
lestoie the ancient relations between ihe St mi-
nóles and Cieilvs     This, however, lequntd the
assent of the Cietk nation, as well of the pait that
I had not emigrated, as of the pait that had tmi-
giateel    The whole Cieek nation numbered ovei
| twenty-five thousand—li ss than twenty five hun-
dred had emigrated    On the 14th February, 1833,
it wai attempted to fulfill the  condition in the
sense I have givt n it     A treaty was tl en made
with the emigrant Cieeks, by which they agreed
that " the Seminóles will hereafter be considered
as a constituent nart of the said (Creek) nation,
I but aie to be locttod on some pait of the Creek
| country by themsthes, which location will be
selected fji them bv th. conn ssioneis " bigmng
tie  tie   y,  ud  -i I.cation wis nrm dutclv se
lectcd between the folks of the Canadian uver
This arrangement was made at Tort Gibson, ami
