m                                   4PEfi$DJ* t,^%p^^9ftH&^pSIQWAL-#^Q^.____________[Febnmry 4%
25th Qojíg. . 3d Sess.
hundred thousand dollars of the people's money
thus used by an Administration that came into
power as the boasted eriemy of corruption, and
the watchful guardian of congressional, purity
and independence!
But, sir, the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Btnuh,] whjle he does not a,nd cannot un-
dertake to defend,(he Administration from the
charter of an improper exertion of influence, by
appointments or members of Congress to office;
seems quite anxious to vindicate it from the charge
of inconsistency; arid, for this' purpose, has read
to us that portion of General Jackson's annual
message of December, 1829, in which he recom-
mended an amendment of the Constitution ijtiich
should exclude members of Congress ft-Ofn aH
appointments "in the gift of the President in whose
election they may hane been officially .concerned."
Treating this as, the profession, ho asks, where is
the inconsistency of the practice, since no member
of Congress has been appointed to office who has
been *• officially concerned " in the election either
Of General Jackson or Mr. Van Buren ?                 I
* Mr. Chairman, it is not the message of 1829 !
which we make the test of inconsistency in this i
matter; it is General Jackson's address to the i
Legislature of Tennessee, in 1825, when he was j
just starting in the race for the Presidency. In j
that address he said that he " would impose a pro- i
vision rendering any member of Congress hiuli- |
gible to office.' In the message of 1829 he took !
care to limit the exclusion to such members only j
as " may have been officially concerned in the
election of the President" who should propose to
appoint then). So far, then, from the message of
1829 being the standard by which General Jack-
son 's consistency is to be tested, that very messago '
is proof of his inconsistency. Sir, the message ¡
was itself an artful abandonment of the profession j
of 1825, and was intended to proparo the way for !
the practical abandonment of it which followed. |
The profession of 1825 had answered its purpose; ¡
and, like alt other professions, was now tobe cast ¡
oíT and thrown to thewinds. Power had been ,
obtained by it, and now ¡tower was to be retained J
by its abandonment.
What a " tíhangc had come o'er the spirit of"
Gonoraljackson'u " dream" in four short yenis!
How marvr-Iously the dangers of 1825 had van- ,
¡shod ¡11 1829!    How suddenly  were  (he   bars
thrown down,and the Presidentpeimiuetl to range,
through the Ilntls of Congress, (obstructed only Í
by a contingency of rare occurrence,) with his |
hands full of bribes to tempt the people's repre- ■
scntntivus.    Not a suspicion was breathed llint
members of Congress would be  "liable  to be •
withdrawn from legislating on the interests of the ',
nation, through Executive patronage," or thai ¡
"their vigilance would be interrupted by party
feelings and party excitements," or. thut there ¡
was any danger to he apprehended from " intrigue ]
and management." Not un aspiration was raised ;
for the preservation of " the morals of the coun-
try,"or an apprehension felt that "corruption ;
would become the ordvr of the day,"or that " the j
people would be attacked in their constitutional ¡
sovereignty.",   " Mum tin nature" was miiacu-
lously cured of its proiicncsa to evil;" and it had '
come to be seriously doubted whether it was at ;
all necessary that me.mbeis of Congress should
pray that they might " not be led into templa- ■
tío  ?"  Such was the change of four years.   Such;
the diíTerence between candidate Jackson in 1835 ¡
and President Jackson in 1829!
PLEDGE OF  aETRENCHMENT AND ECONOMY.
t" close, Mr. Chairman, my allusion to the pro- I
fessions and promises which preceded the election -
of General Jackson, b, adverting to those of re-
trenchment and economy.
At no period, since the foundation of this Gov-
ernment, has there been a more reasonable and ¡ust
regard to economy in the publicexpenditures than ¡
during the administration of John,Q,uincyAdams..
JNoconsiderable increase was made during that
period either in the number or the salaries of the
public officers; and the aggregate of public expend-
itures remained almost precisely the same at the
close as it was at the commencement of that Ad-
ministration. There was, it is true, a disposition
to favpr expenditures for. works of internal im-
Executive ¡PpweTrrfé^-:- JSlflde,
proveraent; but these, so far from furnishing a
ground for the charge of-extravagance, were but
the using of the people's money to increase their
facilities of intercourse, give art enhanced value
to the productions of their industry, and bind
the country more strongly together in the bonds
of fraternal union." The charge «f extravagance,
however, was not fastened on expenditures for
internalimprovement. The conspirators against
that Ad ministration.well knew that it must not
bemssailed on thatground; that that battery most
be masked, as was that against the tariff, by the
declaration of General Jackson in favor of a "ju-
dicious" tariff, until they could get possession
of the Government, and be able to strengthen
ihemselfes for an attack on both those inter-
ests. . If they had then openly assailed internal
improvements and the tariff, ihey would now be
able to say that there are two point  in which their
practice has corresponded with their professions!
But they chose to make their attack on other
points; the last of which, and its corresponding
pledge of reform, I come now, for a few moments,
to consider.
The foundation for the charge of extravagance
against the administration of Mr. Adams was laid
in efforts to create impressions against him per-
sonally. He was represented as haughty and
aristocratic. Having spent a large portion of his
life at foreign courts, it was represented that he
had thereby contracted such habits of extrava-
gance, and had become so corrupted in his prin-
ciples, as to render him unfit tobe President of a
plain, republican people. And then the presi-
dential mansion was represented to have been
fitted up by him in n style of nlmost oriental splen-
dor. To give an air of reality to this, the "East
Room Letter" was written, and published in the
Richmond Enquirer, and other papers, in which
the writer (u Senator of the United States, one of
the conspirators, writing anonymously) declared
that, on visiting the President's mansion, he had
found the East Room so gorgeously furnished
that it could hardly he looked into without daz-
zling the eyes of the beholder, when he knew that
there was not ten dollars' worth of furniture in
the entire room! All these insinuations of per-
sonal extravagance uinrinaieil wiLh men who knew
then, as all the world know  now, that tin  object
of their slander was one of the plainest and most !
economical, unostentatious Chief Magistrates the
country ever had.                                                       j
And then, too, he was the son of his father!
His blood was tainted with the sin of Fedcialism; j
and though he really possessed more genuine re- j
puulicnmsm than the whole combined host of his ¡
calumniators, he was held up to the country as a i
high-toned nristnciat, without a single feeling in
common with the mays of his countrymen.
It was by these and kindred means that the
public mind had been prepared f)r the grand i
charge, of exir<ii>ri«a7icc, and the splendid pmfes- i
«ions of economy and «¡reiic/i'iieiii which closed j
the political campaign of 1825-29, anJ consum-
mated the purpose of putting down the " pure" ;
Administration.                                                          i
I regret, Mr.Chairman,that I have not time to
give a full history of the means employed to !
spread through the country the false clamor of
extravagance, and the equally false as well as ''
hypocritical professions of retrenchment and re- \
form. But I must be brief, and shall confine my- -
self to a single range of inquiry.                              ¡
Yihi remember, sir, the. labors of the celebrated j
"retrenchment committee," appointed by the
House of Representatives in the winter of 1828. j
Their report was made in May of that year, just
in time to operate on the presidential election iu
November following; and was circulated thiough
the country in unsparing profusion, and with a
promptness and zeal worthy of an honest cause.
The committee professed to have discovered great
abuses in a useless multiplication of executive
officers, especially in the Departments of State,
Treasury, War, Navy, and Post Office, in this
city; and declared their conviction that " by a
judicious system of reform, at least one third of
the number of clerks in those Departments might
be reduced with safety to the public interest,"
independently of a considerable addiiionni reduc-
tion which might be effected by the enforcement
_.- . _ Ho. op Reís.
among them of a due degreet.of industry. "We
believe (said the committee) that there are, in
fact, a corps of invalid pensioners attached to
some of these offices;'atia Just in proportion to
their increasing disability to discharge their du-
ties, is there an increased necessity fortheappoiht-
ment of new clerks." The committee said, how-
ever, that they could not propose " any specific
reduction of the number of clerks, "inasmuch as
" without the cordial aid of the Executive, no effect-
ive scheme of retrenchment could be instituted."
Nothing but the Executive stood in the way of a
reform which should dispense at once with more
than a third of the clerks, and make the remain-
der industrious and faithful! Nothing, Of course,
but a change of ttdminisfralion was necessary to
consummate the reform!
The next session of Congress fonna" the re-
formers at their posts. Retrenchment was still
the- watchword. General Jackson had been
elected, and the " cordial aid " of the Executive
was, of course, secured. In this state of things,
thefollowing resolution was offered by the author
of the retrenchment report, and adopted:
" Revolved, That this Jlotne has a right to expect that tho
Executive witf submit to Congress, at its next session, 
comprehensive schetue of retrenchment, which shall extend
to the lapping off of att useless offices, and the securing til
more effective accountability in those winch are relamed."
Such, Mr. Chairman, had been the pretended
discoveries of extravagance, and such was the
note of preparation for " an effective and compre-
hensive scheme of retrenchment," when this Ad-
ministration came into power.
And now, sir, let roe ask—what has been dons
to redeem the pledges thus made f, Whatexpend-
iture has been diminished? What offices have
been " lopped off?" Where is the promised
" comprehensiveschemeof retrenchment ?" Has
there been retrenchment to the amount of a single
dollar in one of the Executive Departments i Mr.
Chairman, I ask those questions in sober earnest.
I ask them in the name of a deceived and abused
people—a people who brought this Administra-
tion into power to get rid of offices they supposed
to be useless, and cut off expenditures they be-
lieved to be extravagant.
I know, indeed, that, to make a show of at-
tempting reform, the President in his first mes-
sage, invited the attention of Congress to the
subject, '* lo ascertain what offices can be dis-
pensed with, and what expenses retrenched,"
That part of the message was referred to a com-
mittee of this House; and the committee called
on the heads of all executive departments for in-
formation to what extent reductions might be
made in their several Departments. And what
replies do you think were given? Why, sir, from
every one of them there came back the response
that no reduction of officers could be made, while
most of them actually asked for a  increase ! Yes,
sir, an increase! The "reformers" had prom-
ised retrenchment if they could get possession of
the executive offices, and have the " cordial aid"
of the President. Well, they were, gratified.
They got a President of their choice. They took
possession of the executive offices.. And, sir, the
President himself—if we can believe the declara-
tion of the United States Telegraph, at that time
bis official organ—gave his "cordial" and effi-
cient aid by actually uisiiing the public offices to
sue that everything was in order, and that every
man did hisduty! And yet his own Secretaries,
thus acting under his own immediate inspection,
told Congress that they wanted more officers !
Thus exploded the bubble of retrenchment;
and, from that time to the present, the great effort
has been to multiply offices as rapidly as possi-
ble, to enable the Administration to provide for
the swarms of hungry, famished expectants who
had for years been cursing extravagance, lauding
economy, and praying for reform. Yes, sir, if
you will take the trouble to examine the Blue
Book you will find that, in every department,
there has been a great increase in the number and
the amount of compensation of the executive
officers; while the aggregate amount of the ex-
penditures of the Government has swollen from
less than thirteen millions to nearly forty!
It is said, indeed, that there have been extraor-
dinary demands on the .Treasury within the last
