1839-3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Executive Power—Mr. Slade.
Ho  of Reps.
few years—such as those arising from the Florida
war, an increase of pensions, &c. Now, sir,
without dwelling on the wasteful extravagance
of expenditure in the Florida war, or the injus-
tice on our part m which it originated, and de-
ducting from the aggregate of expenditures all
chargeable to that cause, as well as to every other
of an extraordinary nature, there will yet remain
an increase of several millions which the apolo-
gists of the Administration wholly fail to account
for, consistently with their vaunted professions
of retrenchment and economy.
Sir, there has not been the slightest effort to
retrench or economize. No one, indeed, has even
attempted, under all the goadmgs of the Opposi-
tion, to exhibit any evidence of retrenchment.
All that we have witnessed have been awkward
attempts to apologue for the vast increase of ex-
oenditure. One of these apologies has been that
the natural increase in the business of the Gov-
ernment has called for an increased number of
officeis. Now, sir, if I had time I would go
through the various Departments, and show you
that the increase of officers in most, if not all of
them, bears a very great disproportion to any
íeasonably assumed natural increase of their
business. I must content myself, however, with
leferung to one department—that of the customs
—as an example. I have before me a statement
from the Secretary of the Treasury, communi-
cated in answer to a call of the Senate at the last
session of Congress, exhibiting the total annual
expense of collecting the revenue for twenty
yenis, commencing with 1818, and ending with
1837. It is as follows, omitting the fractions of
dollars:
818.............$769,208     1S38........$88!) 337
,«19...........     870,320     1829..............   949,489
L820..............   777,764     1830...........1,006,039
l«21.........700,528     1831   ............1,155971
1,822............ 728,964     1832.............1,287,553
«23..............   745,989      1833 ............ 1,402,118
1824............   7o8350     1834      .....      1,358,9dI
1825 .............  864,085      1835............. 1320,533
1826............. 855162     1836 .............1,414528
'827..............  851,521      1837..............1,497,275
Now, sir, mark the rapid increase of these ex-
penditures from the time the " pure" Adminis-
tration was put down, in 1828—an increase of
more than six hundred thousand dollars in eight
years; being at the average rate of more than
•¡eventy-fivethousanddollaisayear. Whatdoes this
mean ' Was there a corresponding increase in
¡lie business of the custom-house department?
Nobody can pretend it. On the contrary, all
know that the revenue has, for the last few years,
oeen diminishing Mark, too, the striking con-
trast between this increase of expense and that of
Jie pieceding ten years That increase, you will
observe, was, in the whole, but $120,000, being
Mi average annual increase of less than one sixth
the annual mciease under the ntrenchmg Admin-
stration'
But there is another view of this subject. What
lias become of the " one third" of the officers
«hieh the " reforméis" told us, before they came
tn to power, weie "useless, "and might be "lopped
off'" Did they tell us the truth ' If they did,
then that one third relamed was clearly enough,
and more than enough, to do any additional busi-
ness which could have subsequently fallen upon
the Executive Departments. The very large addi-
tion, then, to the number of officeis since 1828,
forms a body of "useless officers" which ought
to be " lopped off" without delay. Out of then
own mouths shall the " refoimeis" be judged.
The people will hold them to a leal bona fide re-
trenchment. This was the piomise—a promise,
indeed, which they never intended to perform;
but which they must perform, or stand self con-
victed either of falsely accusing the Administra-
tion they put down, or of practicing the very ex-
travagance they sp loudly condemned.
But, sir, the " refoimeis" were not only pledged
to retrenchment, and the " lopping off of all use-
less offices," but their " compiehensive «.heme'
extended to " the secuung ot a more effi etive ac-
countability." Yes, sir, " a more effcctue account
ability'" Bcariklin mind,Mi Chairman, when
you think of the gloi ions results of the " reform "
in the " ejficiine accountability" which has suf-
fered a balance of $1,250,000 to accumulate and
i tin away m the hands of a single sub-treasurer
in the city of New York! Just about as much
effectiveness m it as there was truth in the charge
of extravagance, and sincerity in the pledges of
reform.
Let me call your attention, sir, to one other
point in the famous retrenchment report. The
committee professed great alarm at the amount of
" the Executive patronage of the press." Esti-
mating that there were about one hundred printers
employed in publishing the laws and Government
advertisements, and doing job-work, they say;
" When your committee look at this amount of patronage,
placed, without control or responsibility, in the hands of
the Executive, or those of subordinate chiefs of his Depart-
ments; and when they reflect on the moral mechanism upon
which this patronage acts, with a power that seems irresm
lble, they would deem their duty very inadequately dis-
charged if they did not propose some remedy for abuses
already existing, and essentially liable to be augmented."
* * * * "The danger which assails the freedom
of the press, through the insinuation of this species of influ-
ence, is far more serious than any star chamber code of
pains and penalties This pecuniary censorship of the press
must end in its utter prostitution to an indiscriminate sup
port of the acts of Government, howevei injurious to the
rights and interests of the people "
To curtail this dangerous patronage, the com-
mittee proposed that the control of the printing of
the annual volume of the laws should be taken
from the Secretary of State and gi ven to the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives; that the Secretary of State
should be compelled to select the paper published
by the printer of the iaWs of each State to pub-
lish the laws of the United States, that the papers
published by the printers of both Houses of Con-
gress should be selected to publish the laws and
Government advertisements in the District of Co-
lumbia; and that the job printing, binding, and
stationery, for each Depaitment, should be done
and furnished under contracts made by the low-
est bidders, on adveitised proposals.
And now, Mr. Chairman, what account must
I give of these promised reforms' Can I tell you
that they were executed after the reforming Ad-
ministration came into power' No, sir. Was no
proposition made in Congress to that effect by the
reformers' None. Did not General Jackson press
the matter in his messages to Congress > Not at
all' Sir, not a word was heard from him or his
friends on that subject after he came into power.
The visions of danger which stood before the
terrified eyes of the retienchment committee in
1828, had passed away " as a dream when one
awaketh."
But it may be asked if no legislation was pro-
posed as a " remedy for abuses" in the " Exec-
utive patronage of the press,"did notthe Execu-
tive himself very cautiously avoid such an exercise
of that patronage as would " insinuate an influ-
ence" that should interfere with "the freedom of
the press," and " piostitute it to an indiscrimin-
ate support of the acts of the Government'" Did
he not, for example, direct the Secretary of State
to divide the pationageof publishing the laws
fairly among the papers of the diilerent paities,
having respect to location, circulation, and moial
and htenry chaiaoter' Did he not say, however
I may be disposed to " íewaid fuends and pun-
ish enemies," I will nevei consent to extend that
principle to the press, whose entne and pufect
freedom from Executive influence is indispensable
to its fidelity as a sentinel on the watch-tower of
freedom
I     Mi. Chairman, the President neither said nor
I did any such things as these questions suggest.
I No, sir, the very reverse of it was then, and has
ever since been, the settled policy of the Admin-
I istration.    In cairying out this policy, the press
has been approached with the same influence that
lias been brought to beai upon the host of appli-
cants- for office     Executive subseiviency has
been made the test    Suppoit the Administra-
tion, or you shall not publish the laws of Con-
giess,oi the advertisements of the Depaitments,
or do any woik for the Government.    There was
not an Opposition press in  the employ of the
Government at the time this idmimstiation came
into powei, that has been able to retain Us em-
ployment without clanging its political charac-
ter, and theie is not a tingle pi ess now enjoying
the Executive patronage, that can become truiy
independent but at the hazard of an instantaneous
í and entire withdrawal of that pationage.   Nor is
this all. A great number, probably not far from
one hundred, editors or printers of newspapers,
have been appointed to lucrative offices. Many
of them have received the office of postmaster,
which has given to their establishments very
peculiar advantages. Many presses, it is well
known, have been kept fiom swt&wig by the mere
aid thus received through Executive patronage.
Thus, sir, have the sound doctrines of the re-
trenchment report been disregarded. It aided to
put patronage and power into hands that have
since torn and scattered it to the winds. The
patronage of the press, as well as every other
branch of Executive patronage, instead of being
regarded as a delicate public trust, to be used with
a high sense of the danger of its perversion, has
been treated as private property, vested in the
Piesident and hispoliucal heirs, to be used as aa
instrument of augmenting Executive influence,
and perpetuating usurped Executive power.
PLEDGES OP GENERAL JACKSON'S INAUGURAL.
I have now, Mr. Chairman, done with the
false clamor and the deceptive professions and
pledges which pieceded the election of General
Jackson, in 1828. On the 4th of March, 1829, he
took the chau of State. Sir, I shalj never forget
that day. It was not, however, its parade and
pomp and pageantry that left the deep impression.
The shouts of the immense multitude who gath-
ered to witness the inauguration of the great
" Reformer," soon died upon my ear. The mor-
tification of seeinga "pure" Administration "put
down," and its unscrupulous assailants elevated
to power, I soon ceased to feel. But there were
some things that I could not, and never can, for-
get, because they foimed the soul of that cere-
mony, and sustained a deep and enduring relation
to the subsequent administration of the Govern-
ment It was between the center pilláis of the
eastern portico of this Capitol, that I saw the
President stand up, and, in the piesence of as-
sembled thousands, utter, as a part of his inau-
gural address, what I will now read:
"The recent demonstration of pubhcsentimentinscnbes
on the list of Executive duties, in characters too legible to
be overlooked, the task of refoim, which will require, par-
ticularly, the eorrection of those abuses that have brought
the patronage of the Tederal Government into conflict with
the fieedom of elections, and the counteraction of those
causes winch have disturbed the rightful course of appoint-
ment, and have placed, or continued, power in unfaithful
or incompetent hands In the performince of a task thus
generally delmeaied, I shall endeavor to select men whose
diligence and talents will insure, m tbeirrespecnvc stations,
able and faithful cooperation , depending for the advance-
ment of the public service more on the integrity and zeal
of the public officers than on their numbers A diffidence,
perhaps to just, in my own qualification", will teach me to
look with reverence to the examples of public virtue left
bv my illustuous piedtcessors, and with veneration to the
lights tint flow from the mind thai founded and the mind
that reformed our system the same diffidence induces
me to hope for instruction and aid from the coordinate
blanches of the Govirnment "
Mr Chairman, do not suspect me of misread-
ing this inauguial I know that it sounds strange-
ly now Then it was the admiration of thousands.
Nothing was so tiue, or sound, or patriotic What
we now know to have been false in assertion, was
then taken by the multitude as absolute veuty;
and whatexpenence has since shown to have been
hollow profession and hypociuical cant, was then
ie arded as evidince of an honest intention to re-
form abu&et,, and give the country a pure admin-
istration. Who does not now feel amazed when
he looks back and sees General Jackson thus
standing up and pouring forth, in the presence of
the nation, this double-distilled essence of the
four years' slander of his puie and upnght pre-
clecessoi' Who does not now see theie was not
a semblance of tiuth in the assertion that that
predecessor had "brought the patronage of the
Government into conflict with the fieedom of
elections'" Who now believes that theie was
the slightest intention to peiform what was prom-
ised m that inaugural' Who, indeed, regards it
as anything else than one of those splendid hum-
bugs which have been made to dance in succes-
sion foi the last ten years before the eyes of the
Ameucan people'
Sir, eveiybody knows that all its professions
and piomiwshave been wholly disregaidcd, that
i they w< re dis regaided, in fact, immediately after
!| tney were made. Do you not, sn.reraembei how
I flagrantly the Piesident, within two weeks after
