3 -.
AHPSN^IX,' ?Q T K JGOSGRlBi&KWAfc. G&0Bfii
[February 5,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Miwránd Hanhor-Jmprovements^M?1, Marvin,
Ho, ofJ&eps..
works on the lakes and State works leading into-
the interior, into the very heart of the Republic;
and hence their importance in military and com-
mercial points of view:
" In regarding them in a commercial point of View; riot
only must the, nature of the harbors themselves be'consid- ■
ered, but likewise their relation with theinterior of the'coun-
try, with other States, and with Canada. Their relation
with the interior of the country is highly important! for
nearly all the improvements nowgoing on of contemplated
within.the. State of New York will be connected, either
directly or indirectly with the waters of Lake Ontario. The
enlargement of the Erie canal, which runs parallel with,
and is but a short distance from, the shore of the lake, has
been commenced, and will be prosecuted with all the en-
ergy possible. The increase to be given to its breadth and
depth will make it large enough to receive vessels navigat-
ing the lakes; and when it has been completed, the com-
munication between the Atlantic and western States will
be greatly facilitated. The construction of the Genesee
Valley canal, by which the Erie canal at Rochester will be
connected with the Alleghany river at Olean, will open one
of the most extensive and fertile regions in the State of New
York to this channel of internal communication. The pine
lumber of Alleghany county, the wheat of the Genesee val-
leya and the bituminous coal and iron ore of Pennsylvania,
Will all seek a market by this route, until the New York and
Erie railroad has been constructed, or the navigation of the
Alleghany river improved. The improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Alleghany river, which is said to be quite feasible,
would at once open an internal navigable route between the
Genesee valley and that of the Ohio river, thus facilitating
still more the increasing bosiness between the eastern and
western States. Besides opening the whole country south
of Rochester to Lake Ontario, the construction of a ship-
canal between Big Sodus bay and the Erie canal at Clyde,
to be continued from thence to Cayuga lake, is contemplated.
The Cayuga, Seneca, and Crooked lakes arc connected
by means of canals, and are surrounded by a country well
settled and in a high state of cultivation, with a rich soil,
producing wheat, grass, and fruitingreatabundance. The
construction of such a canal would not only give great
water power near its debouch Into the lake, but would open
the whole of this fine region of country to Lake Ontario,
thereby forming a hue of internal navigation of six hun-
dred miles in extent, and, when taken in connection with
the Ithaca and Owego railroad and the Chemung canal,
opening a direct communication between the lakes and the
Susquehanna river."
Here, sir, are collected, in this extract, some of
the great enterprises of a single State, and their
direct connection with the works of other States,
and the harbor improvements of the General Gov-
ernment. The latter are necessary to complete
the system, and to connect the State works to-
gether, and as I have endeavored to show, ate of
such a character that they cannot be constructed
and controlled by the States. The amount ex-,
pended and to be expended by the General Gov-
ernment is a mere fraction of the amount which
theStates will have expended. And is this whole
system to be broken up, and all the commerce
dependent upon it to be abandoned, from the neg-
lect of this Government to perform its duty ? I
trust not, sir. But, sir, I have not done with this
report of the Committee of Ways and Means, this
general declaration of war against harbor and river
improvements.
" Should these Federal expenditures lie permanently con-
tinued, [says the report,) they must corrupt the legislative
branch, and entirely change the practical operations of our
Government from its original and constitutional design."
Really, sir, I am at a loss to discover how the
Government is to be entirely changed " from its
original and constitutional design" by carrying
out the very objects of the formation of the Gov-
ernment. I have always understood that one of
the main objects of the Union was general protec-
tion to the whole country and its commerce. But,
it seems, it will "corrupt the legislative branch."
May not the legislative branch be trusted with
these appropriations as well as others ?
"The whole amount appropriated and invested is
$12,300,000, of which ^5,190,000 has been granted to a dis-
trict df country not one hundred and fifty miles from the
capital."
Is it quite fair, in presenting the indictment
against harbors and rivers, to include over three
million dollars which have been assumed for the
corporations of this District, contracted in build-
ing a canal, on which I have never yet seen a
boat, and assumed by the United States to save
these corporations from being sold to the Dutch ?
I, sir, am not defending such appropriations. I
only advocate those great national works which
serve to connect the State works and bind the
Union together. I place the question upon broad
and comprehensive grounds; I ask not for money
to build roads and canals in the States; but when
great shd remote sections" of the Union may be"
connected and bound together in the strong bonds
of interest, by overcoming or removing some in-
tervening obstacle, let it be done. This great
country isrnaturally divided into three great sec-
tions, the East, the middle, or the Mississippi
valley, and the North. And is it not of national
importance -to unite them,- and, by a few great
connecting links, bind the whole country together
fpr its common defense and common welfare?
Take the Alleghany river, which is one of the
principal branches of the Mississippi, and which
flows out of the northern "section." By ren-
dering it navigable from Pittsburg to Olean, in
the State of New York, you at once connect the
whole valley of the Mississippi with the northern
section of the Union. You supply the connecting
link between all the works of internal improve-
ment in New York, and all the rivers, and State
works communicating with them, in that vast
valley west of the mountains. Nature had so
strongly indicated this river as an important con-
necting link between the North and the South-,
west, as an important channel for military and
commercial purposes, that Mr. Calhoun, while
Secretary of War, in his celebrated report of 1819,
in relation to national improvements, mentions it
as one of the great channels to be improved by
the General Government. Sir, this river furnishes
fourfifths ofthe water constituting the Ohio below
the junction of the Monongahela and the Alle-
ghany; while the former furnishes twenty thou-
sand cubic feet per minute, the latter furnishes
eighty thousand cubic feet. The improvement
of this river is a mere extension of the navigation
of the Ohio into the State of New York.
If the navigation of this river had been im-
proved previous to the last war, this Government
would have saved double and triple its cost in the
transportation of cannon and munitions of war to
the frontiers. Mr. Calhoun, who was Secretary
of War, saw and appreciated all this. And will
it bo maintained that this is a local work—a work
not national in its character? Why, sir, the pres-
ent Secretary of War, in his annual report, called
our attention to one'of these connecting links. He
asks for an appropriation to make a survey be-
tween Fox river (which discharges itself into
Green bay) and the Wisconsin. Only a few miles
divide these streams, and he recommends a sur-
vey, " with a view of establishing a water com-
munication from Lake Michigan to Mississippi
river, which would be in the highest degree im-
portant to this Department in time of war, and
useful for the transportation of supplies in time
of peace." These are the kind of works, sir,
which I advocate; but I suppose, in the estima-
tion of the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, they are "foreign to the
original design of the Constitution."
But, says the chairman of thecommittee,whose
duty it is to point out the " ways and means"
for carrying on the Government, we have not the
means to go on as heretofore. A plea of insolv-
ency is interposed. Well, sir, this is a humiliat-
ing confession. The countless millions which
have been poured into your Treasury are gone.
And where ? and how ? and to whom ? Sir, I can-
not now stop to answer these questions; but I
deny, in behalf of the harbor and river improve-
ments, in behalf of the internal trade and com-
merce of the country, that it has been lavished
upon them, though it be the object of this report
to convict them.
Nevertheless, such is the fact, according to this
report. I quote its last expiring sentence, " the
conclusion of the whole matter:"
" Should Congress authorize the usual amount of new
appropriations, and the three millions proposed for fortifi-
cations, harbors, &c, it Will be necessary to provide five or
six millions for the Treasury, in addition to all the resources
and receipts existing or contemplated."
But let us see how this matter stands. I find
some discrepancies between the estimates of this
report and the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The Secretary estimates the receipts
into the Treasury for 1839 at $31,645,342, includ-
ing an estimated balance in the Treasury on the
1st of January, 1839. This report estimates the
whole at $98,900,000, including the sum of
$3,200,000, which is now ascertained to have been
in the Treasury on the 1st of January, 1839. In
this latter eétittuÉté,Hfce pfoeéeds of the' fourth
bond .of the United States Bank, $2,380,000, is
not contained.
The Secretary estimates the receipts from cus-
toms at $19,000,000, which this report states at
$18,000,000; a difference of around million. The
Secretary estimates the expenditures for the cur-
rent year at $30,500,000, and strikes a balance in
favor of the Treasury of §1,045,342. Now, sir,
I shall not trouble.myself about these discrepan-
cies. I take the Secretary, the responsible officer,
athisword. He says he will have moneyenough.
And in his estimates of expenditures he has in-
cluded those for " harborsand rivers," andgivert
us the items in detail, amounting in the aggregate
to $1,713,690 55. I prefer his estimates to those
of the honorable chairman of the Ways and
Means.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that the Sec-
retary had omitted any estimates for the Florida
war, and two or three millions which he had in-
cluded in his report.
Mr. MARVIN. Well, sir, I shall leave these
matters to be settled between the chairman and
Secretary. If the Secretary, in the midst of all
his troubles, had forgotten the war in Florida, I
hopo he may be excused. But here is a difference
in the estimated receipts of a million from the
customs. Now, sir, we have every reason to
believe that the customs will produce over
$19,000,000. All our information from New
York shows us that money is rapidly accumu-
lating in the hands of your sub-treasurer there,
and I hope it is not expected that he will abscond
with it.
But suppose we are a little short in our means:
is it right, is it just, is it wise, is it true economy,
to withhold all appropriations for the harbors
and rivers, those great agents in promoting the
internal trade of the country, and thus augment-
ing the very sources from which you derive rev-
enue? No, sir; they are among the last objects
you should abandon. Could not the chairman's
keen eye discover, in the almost infinite variety
of expenditures, any other items for retrench-
ment? Can there be no reform in any of the
Departments—in the bureaus? How many In-
dian agents and commissioners have you, spend-
ing their summers in making tours of pleasure
through the country, and their winters here, at
eight dollars a day? Can there be no retrench-
ment there? Or would this,in very truth,retrench
the patronage of the President? Is there nothing
to retrench in your civil list, which has increased
so enormously for a few years past? Can noth-
ing be found to retrench and reform in your
Navy, where I see the estimate for this year 19
$5,881,096 07? Is all right in your Army ? Can
no retrenchment be made there ? Is-all this mighty
effort of the Administration for retrenchment to
fall upon an item of some million and a half for
the improvement of your rivers and harbors
throughout this vast country, and having accom-
plished so great an object, then to expire? Verily,
it would seem so. Else why single out this item
for attack, and palliate, if not justify, all others,
always excepting the late pensions?
I, sir, am for retrenchment, for reform, and
always have been. I am in favor of an econom-
ical administration of the Government, but I
would not select the item which protects and sus-
tains your great internal trade, in which the great
body of the people are all interested, which seems
to develop the resources of the country, and
which, in its results, returns into your Treasury
tenfold the amount of the expenditure. Why,
I repeat, is the whole artillery of retrenchment
opened upon this single item ? Is it a party
move? Is it deemed necessary for the purpose
of strengthening the Administration in a certain
quarter? Are further demands made upon the
Administration from that quarter? I wish to
know all about it. My constituents wish to know
—they have an interest in knowing. They wilt
not consent that all their important interests shall
be sacrificed by any political arrangement. Jjast
year the committee reported the bill, and it passed
with the usual opposition. The Treasury was
certainly as much embarrassed then as now; but,
sir, the sub-Treasury bill did not then pass. This
year the comriiittee refuse to report the bill to the
House. AH this, sir, looks strange tome. If this
cry of retrenchtfliSlK i  reatlyaiaie in good faith,
