m,_______________^PPSNWX W^KE CO^ÍI^SSIOHAL fíkOPE,                            [January %-
' %p$H P©^g,„^3d Sess.                               Puifsp bombr-Mr. Walker.                                                 Senate.
doubtful case, ought not to defeat, by veto, the
w-iU of Coagiess and the nation.
■¡Í iKas^e^ifous to call the attention of the com-
mittee 40 other topics, of much jntei est, but I feel,
t®o much exhausted to propped I hope, on some
o^Iiei occasion, tp add to the views now presented
to th«.c0iKimittee 1 have stated with frankness,
without -any partisan feeling, other than results
feom difference of apunan, my objections to the
principles &S)d (ead)Og roeasuies of this-Admm-
istrawop. I veuly beljev«,asl haye before said,
tlwt a change of Administration is necessary to
the -healthy a«t>o>n of the bodv-pqhtic, and that
we havetjjo leason ta expect that the errors and
abuses which have occurred will be reformed, or
that our. euriwncy will be íesloied to a sound and
stable condition, without a change. Ins neces-
sary, Mr. Chairman, to restore the principles of
the Constitution to then former strength and
actrvity.     ^____________________
PUBLIC LANDS.
DEBATE   IN   THE   SENATE,
MonpAy, Januaiy 7, 1839
The Senate having taken up the bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands, and
tlis question being on the amendment lepoi ted by
the Committee on Public Lands, in pursuance of
instructions, and limiting the benefits of the bill
to actual settlers—
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, moved to amend this amend-
ment by extending the benefits of the bill to set-
tlers on lands adjacent to those sold undei the
bill, for the increase and imptovement of then
farms, and spoke briefly in explanation and sup-
poit of this amendment
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said- I donottlnnk,
Mr President, that, withoutany disiespect to the
committee, thereport which they have madeis in
Conformity with theinstructionsieceived,nnd, in
the first place, I say that the committee have not
reported a restriction a  to the quantity of land
whmh the purchaser might be allowed to hold
Under the bill, at the reduced pi ice, and arcoidmg
to what I supposed the Senate intended in their
instructions. The pioposmon which 1 made
embraced two restiiclions, one confining the ben-
efits of the bill to actual settlers, and the othei
was a restriction as to the quantity for each pui-
chaser, which was not to exceed one hundied and
sixty acres At the moment of putting the ques-
tion, I consented to stuke out the one hundred
and sixty acres, leaving the quantity in blank,
which 1 supposed the committee would fill up
with one hundred and sixty or two hundied and
twenty acres, or something of the kind The
committee notwithstanding, have reported no
quantity, but have contented themselves with
abiding by the restnction on this point in the
migihal bill, which it may be shown amounted
to no restriction to the amount of land to be pro-
cured under the bill.
And, in another respect, Ithirtk the committee
have not exactly conformed to their instructions
According to parliamentary usage when the bill
was Recommitted, it was with instructions, and
the committee had no power to go beyond them
It was required of them both to comply fully with
the instructions, and not to transcend them But
the committee have not only failed to report such
a restriction as I have intimated as to the quantity
of land under the bill, but they now offer an
amendment Which was not in the instructions
given them Of this I do not much complain,
because, if the committee had offered no such
amendment.it would still have been competent
m the Senate to make it, but with this important
difference, that it now comes with the Weight of
the name and character of tho committee, instead
of a single member giving it his own weight and
influence So much foi "the manna of bunging
in this amendment, and now for the question it-
self
And I entreat the attention of the Senate to the
proposition here made, and,above all, the atten-
tion of the Senators from Vngmia Mr Piesi-
dent, there is no difficulty now in the way to pre-
vent any man in the United Stares, whoever he
may be, frtfm procuring a-ny of the public lands
n the maiket by paying f-I 25 per acie, and if
thore aie faj roei s, or planters lp the new States
whodesne it, they are allowed, at that pri<,e, to
enlarge their estates, and add, if they please, to .
than ajieady almost boundless sections Theve
is nothing in the existing laws to pievent if.
But what is the pioposition to which the old
States ate now called on to submit? Su, the bill
provides for the reduction of the land under it,
fiom él 25 to 75 cents per acre, which is a re-
duction on every section of $320, and the reduc-
tion to one dollai is equivalent to a giant of $180
on eveiy section. And now what is the import
of this amendment5 It is that any planter or
farmer in the new States shall be allowed to pur-
chase an additional section at the leduced price,
while no planter or farmer in the old States is
allowed that privilege—apriyilege which amounts
to ail actual grant to each of $180 or $320. The
whole amount of the proposition, in the sense
which the Senate expiessed when the bill wps
recommitted, was to limit the bill to actual set-
tleis. But this amendment does not propose
than the committee go a step fuither, and pio-
pose that a planter oi frtimer in Alabama or In-
diana, who owns in all half a dozen sections,
may add another to them at a íeduced puce, nay,
moie, theie is an estate on the Mississippi liver
wotth #1,500,000, to which an addition may thus
be made under this bill, whilst the owner of an
estate in Vngmia, of only fifty acies, is not al-
lowed that piivilege unless he become an emi-
grant to tne now States. And wheie, su, is theie
authority in the laws or Constitution for this dis-
crimination? As to the privilege of buying land
adjoining any estate, no one refuses that privi-
lege, and the owner may buy to any extent, if
he chooses, at $1 25 pei acie But on what prin-
ciple do we giant them this giatuity of $320 or
$180 ? On what principle is this donation to be
made, and how shall we go home and say to oui
constituents in Pennsylvania or Virginia, or the
other old States, from some of which the Gov-
ernment has leceived the most magnificent giants
evei made by one State to anothei—in what a
position shall we he placed when going hume and
saying, "we have allowed the faimirs in the
new ¡Slates to puiehase land ad|acent to their
fu i ms at a i educed puce, amounting to a gift of
#180 or $^20 each, hut we have lelnsed you the
same privilege unless you will leave the home of
youi family and the tombs of yom ancestors,
and emigiale to the far West? We have given
them a bounty, a premium, to enable them to
puchase adjacent land, but we prohibited to you,
we withhold fiom you, the least gratuity unless
you will abandon the homes and tombs of your
ancestois "
Sir, I think it unwise, at the present session, to
legislate at all on this subject, foi reasons which
I assigned on a foimer occasion; and if the sense
of the Senate continues as it was when thesub-
ject was up before, the argument in favor of tins
bill increasing the revenue is of no force, for it
was then dissipated by a vote of the Senate, (m
favor of restriction ) And nobody believes that
the effect of the bill, without such limitations as
I have suggested, would be any other than to
create afresh the spirit of speculation But if the
Senate are to legislate on this subject at this sea
sion, I shall go with the sense of the Senate, ex-
pressed on a former occasion, m favor of restric-
tion, and not in favor of discriminating between
the farmers and planters of one portion of the
Union and of another, to the disadvantage of one
and for the benefit of the otheT, but I would place
the whole on the same broad platform Enter-
taining these views, I am of the opinion that the
amendment is repugnant to the spun of the Sen-
ate as manifested on a former occasion, and if
this bill is a process for raising the new States,
and if gentlemen desire tomoiease the wealth and
population of those States, they may do it with-
out such di4cnmination as is proposed, and with-
out deputing the poor emigi ant of lands adjacent
to othei estates, which they otheiwise might pur-
chase
Mr C called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, wlmh were ordered.
Mr WALTER said the Senator from Ken-
lucky had eome out more boldly than he had done
durthg the-past week, He had then confined him-
self to considerations connected with the merits
of the question,but he had now made a bold and
open appeal to the jealousy of the older States,
and had called upon them by name, especially on
Pennsylyama and Virginia, to vote, by their Sen-
ators here, against the amendment, But the Jour-
nal ofJ837 would show that when the bill of that
time was up, restuetmg the sale;3 under it to ac-
tual settlers, the Senator then denounced what he
now advocates,
Mr. W would call the attention of the Senate
particularly to the extraordinary position of the
Senator fiom Kentucky. That Senatoi now said
that the amendment under consideration made a
discrimination between theoldandthenewStates.
But was that feature of discrimination in the ori-
ginal bill? No; that offered Us benefits equally
to all the citizens of the TJiuteij, States, Who was
it then that drew this distinction which the Senator
now repiesented as unjust and unconstitutional'
It was introduced, an<> the Journal would ,show
it, on the motion of that Senator himself, and on
his motion the committee weie required to con-
fine the bill to actual settlers, thus discriminating
between Pennsylvanians,Viiginiaiis, and the cit-
izens of the other old States, and those of the new
States, and confining the benefits of the bill to
citizens of the new States only; yet that Senator
now asked what light the Senate had to make
any discrimination. This wasa two-edged sword
with the Senator. While the filends of the bill
left it open toall the citizens of the United States,
the Senator then announced it as a measure to aid
and encourage speculators; and now, when that
objection had been disposed ofon his own motion,
he denounced it as unjust and unconstitutional
because it made discrimination. The Senator
could not escape this extraordinary position in
which he had placed himself
Mr. CLAY    Yes, he will.
Mi. WALKER. But the Senator complained
that the committee had not restricted the right m
regaid to the amount of land for each individual.
Yes, they had confined it to one section. Where,
then, was the ground of complaint? The amount
had been left in blank by ihe Senate, and the com-
mittee had made it as it was in the bill originally,
which was a íestnction to one section. Where,
then, had the committee violated their instruc-
tions ? On the bill of the last session the question
was put in regard to the quantity; and it was
decided at that period, by a solemn vote of the
Senate, that the quantity should be limited to one.
section, so that, so far from acting against their
instructions or the sense of the ¡senate, the com-
mittee had acted in accordance with that sense as
expressed at the last sessiort.
But the committee were also told, that they had
violated their instructions by reporting an addi-,
tional amendment, for the purpose of prompting,
individual Senators to vote in its favor It was
not feu that; but it was because the Sense of the
Senate íequired an enlargement Of the bill beyond
the amendment of the instructions to the com-
mittee, so as to makeit more similar to the act of
1837, extending the right under the bill to those
who cultivated adjoining lands; and the commit-
tee only asked that, before the vote should be
taken on the restnction, itshould be taken on the
pioposition of the committee to enlarge the ben-
efits of the bill to this class of citizensi
The committee, in this recommendation, had
not acted without precedent; so that, if the Con-
stitution should be ¡violated by it, it had been
vtolated before, both by the Senate-and the House.
A similar principle to this was embraced in the
act of April 5, 183 . {Mr. W. here read a pro-
vision that rió person should enter more than one
eighth of aisection in his own name, " uhless for
cultivation or the use of his own improvement."]
And the benefit of this act was to be enjoyed—by
whom' First by the actual settler, and secondly
by others for the use of their impiovements, or
fói the use of a farm already cultivated. Ihis
principle, th°n, was adopted by Congress in
1832, which was similar to that of the amend-
ment now proposed. And what was the objec-
tions If it was a discrimination between the old
and new States, was there not the ¡Same discrim-
ination m the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky^ confining the- benefits of the bill to
1 -actual¡settlers?  {Mc (fat*!- JN«s} „ Wea a te>
