1838.]            :                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ;©EQBE.                                      MS
25th Cong....3d Sess.                           ^President's -Messages-Mr. Bill.                               -       Ho; or Reps.
rnittee resolved to inquire into the grounds of so
many removals; and, that there might be no
want of specification, they took up the case of
John Herrón, who had been appointed postmas-
ter at Putnam, in Ohio, in-the place of Henry.
Safford, removed.
[Mr. B. here read so much of the report of the
committee as relates to the case alluded to, by
which it appeared, from the statements furnished
by the Post Office Department, that Herrón was
appointed in July, 1-829, and continued in office
until November, 1831, when he was dismissed.
The amount due from him to the Department,
during the time he continued in office, was esti-
mated at $558 G4, no part of which had ever been
paid, and he had.finally absconded. The com-
mittee then called upon the Postmaster General
for the grounds upon which Safford had been
removed and Herrón put in his place; but the
Postmaster General denied the right of the Senate
to go into such an inquiry.]
But the committee of this House appointed in
the same year, (1834,) and charged with the same
duty, resolved  to take up the inquiry into this
case, where the Senate committee were stopped
in the inquiry.    It appears from the report of the
minority of the committee of the House (Doc. 103,
p. 215,) that the Postmaster General promptly
communicated the letters and otherpapers on file
in that Department relating to the removal of Saf-
ford   and  tfie appointment of  Herrón;  but the
niajouty   of the committee,  consisting  of Mr.
Bcardsley of New York, Mr. Connor of North
Carolina, Mr. Stoddert of Maryland, and   Mr.
Ikwps of Kentucky, passed an order that they
should be returned  to the  Postmaster General
before they were copied. In this way it happened
that these papers have never been communicated
to the public; but the minority of the committee,
consistin  of Mr. Whittlesey of Ohio, Mr. Ev
erett of Vermont, and Mr. Watmough of Penn-
sylvania, state the contents of them from memory,
they having heard them read in committee; and
by "that statement it appears that an application
was made to remove Safford upon the ground that
although he was a professed friend of the Admin-
istration, yet he was believed not to be thorough
in his feelings.    His friends hearing of the at-
tempt to get him removed, represented to the De-
partment that he was a true friend of the Admin-
istration.    There was no exception taken to his
capacity or integrity, yet he was removed, and
Herrón, whose party fidelity was unquestioned
by any one, was appointed in his place.    Here
is a pretty specimen of thiset'i/, in the bud, which
has since expanded into such monstrous shapes
of abuse !    But there is yet a more important cir-
cumstance connected with this inquiry.   Besides
the strange development, that a Postmaster Gen-
eral should not appear to be conscious of any
misconduct in having dismissed an  honest and
competent public servant from  office upon such
grounds, the still more astonishing fact appears
in the shape of an order adopted by the majority
of the committee that they sanction the principle
of this removal.    The committee declare, in ex-
press terms, that they can  see " nothing in the
letters and petitions transmitted by the Postmaster
General, touching the removal of H. Saifbrd as
postmaster at Putnam, Ohio, and the appointment
of J. Herrón as his successor, which, in the slight-
est degree, impeaches the motives or criminates any act
of the Postmaster General, or is, in any respect, ma-
terial to any object of legislation, or of public inteiest
or concern."
Here is the solemn opinion of a majority of the
committee of the House, composed of some of
the most prominent men of the party in power,
pronounced in favor of the principle of removals
for opinion's sake: nor did they regard the ques-
tion as of any public interest or concern! Though
the successor, brought into office upon the ground
of his superior fidelity to the party, had turned
out to be a knave, and had actuaUy run away
with every cent of the revenue collected at his
office in his pocket, still the public were declared
to have no interest in the principle upon which
the appointment had been made! This case also
presents a good specimen of the refinement upon
simple proscription which prevailed with the late
Administration, in the footsteps of which the
present one- treads.   It was not sufficient that a
man should be a friend of the Administration; if I
he was suspected of lukewarmriess by any man ¡
of undoubted standing with the party, it was I
enough to destroy him. These are the principles
upon which the appointing power has been exer-
cised in this country; and this the manner in
which the patronage of the Government has been
distributed for the last nine years. Is it any
wonder that the loss of millions of the public
treasure should be the consequence? We have
seen, by the order adopted in the committee of
the House, how the further progress of the in-
quiry into the grounds upon which the great
number of removals in the Post Office Depart-
ment was arrested. Further inquiry was, in fact,
useless, if the principle assumed by the committee
was well founded.
I am not willing to lay aside these valuable
reports, without adverting to the facts which were
incidentally brought to light before the committee
of the Senate, relating to the removal of Wyman,
postmaster at Lowell, Massachusetts, and the
appointment of Case. It belongs to a class of
abuses which are now well known, I suppose, in
every part of the Union. I allude to the corrup-
tion of the public press, and the direct connection
which exists between the Administration papers
generally and the Post Office Department. It
appears, by the report of this committee, (page
11,) that William Wyman, an honest and compe-
tent postmaster, was removed from office, on the
recommendation of the " Democratic committee" |
of Lowell, without any other reason boina; assigned I
than that he was not a friend of the Administra-
tion, and Eliphálet Case, the editor of the Lowell
Mercury, a paper zealously devoted to the Ad-
ministration, was appointed in his place. It was
a condition of this appointment, plainly implied
in the arrangement made between the several
parties, that Case should continue to edit the
Mercury for nothing, he having formerly received
$300 per annum for that service; and it was
proved that he complied with his bargain. How
many hundreds of worthy men have been removed
from their employment in this Department, upon
pretenses and suggestions equally repugnant to
reason and equally corrupt, the people of this
country can never be informed; for, while the
evidence was in existence, the Postmaster General
either refused to allow the papers in his office to
be inspected, which, in general, was the only
evidence that could be reached, or the parly in
the majority in Congress refused to investigate.
But, sir, the door which might once have been
opened upon a mass of evidence and proof is now
closed forever! The papers in the office of ap-
pointments have been consumed by fire! Still
enough remains to stamp with shame and dishonor
the character of a party which could sanction a
principle so intolerant, so tyrannical, and so utterly
subversive of all public viitue.
It is a fact which ought to be more publicly
known, that he who is now President of these
United States was the first man of any great po-
litical distinction in this country who, as a party
man, openly and shamelessly proposed that the
Post Office Department should be administered
upon party principles, and the immense influence
of the appointing power connected with that De-
partment should be prostituted to such uses. But
this fact will sufficiently appear from the corre-
spondence which took place, in 1822, between
Mr. Van Buren and President Monroe, and also
with Mr. Meigs, the Postmaster General, upon
the subject of the appointment of a postmaster at
Albany, in New York. There every observant
reader will find the germ of the spoils system. In
that correspondence it will appear that the ap-
pointment of a political partisan was claimed as
a matter of right on the one side, and of duty on
the other, (the appointing power,) in order to
give to the dominant party in New York the ad-
vantages of a political partisan at a point so im-
portant as Albany; but the patriotism and inde-
pendence of Mr. Monroe and Mr. Meigs resisted
the-application. They refused to act upon any
such principles; and when a man was appointed
who had the misfortune to be a Federalist in poli-
tics, an appeal was taken from the decision of
the Postmaster General to the people. A public
meeting was held in Albany, vindicating their
right to have a Republican appointed to the office
1 in question, and callingiipon the Presjdentto ap-
I ply the constitutional remedy in such cases for
I their relief: -«nd what do you suppose, sir, theses
Republicans meant by a constitutional remedy in
such cases?   It was the remedy of removal from
office for opinion's sake !
But to return to the message. Why consume
our time in debaiing the remedies proposed by
the President? Why pursue, with relentless ven-
geance, the incumbents of subordinate offices;
particularly the miserable peculator who has only
made off with a few thousand dollars? Why pur-
sue such small game, when the great delinquents
are still allowed to reve! in the uninterrupted en-
joyment of power, possessing neither the princi-
ples nor the capacity to be useful to the public,
and daily abusing their trusts, to the infinite pre-
judice of every public interest? I allude, of
course, to the leading executive chiefs, and, in a
party point of view, the most influential—the very
men who are the original and responsible authors
of all the defalcations and abuses committed by
the subordinates, to whose zealous and efficient
support in the public elections they owe their own
elevation, and without which aid'they could not
remain a single day in office, but for the impedi-
ment which the Constitution interposes to pre-
vent their immediate downfall. I repeat, it is
small game which we are pursuing, in an eco-
nomical point of view. I had occasion tofepeak
of the defalcations disclosed in the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury made to the House at
the last session, and I made an estimate of the
gross amount for which Hawkins, Harris, Boyd,
Linn, and others, were deficient, and found the
aggregate about four hundred thousand dollars.
Ifwe setdown the defalcations of Swartwoutand
Price both at $1,500,000, the entire sum of the late
defalcations will not exceed two millions—perhaps
the ultimate loss will not exceed one million dol-
lars. Now I conjure honorable members to re-
flect that this sum, though large, is but a fraction
of the losses sustained by the people of this coun-
try by defalcations of a different kind—by defal-
cations in capacity, in requisite skill, and, above
all, in sound political principles, on the part of
the Administration. Let any man attempt to esti-
mate the actual losses in dollars and cents, which
this country has sustained by an incompetent, un-
principled, and electioneering Administration,
and he will at once see that our business, now is
with higher game than that upon the track of
which we have been put by the President. With-
out pretending to estimate the indefinite injury, the
hundreds of millions in losses, which a few years
of great commercial and financial derangement
must have inflicted upon a great nation like this,
let us take a more practical view of the subject.
Let us set down a few of the leading items in the
account, which the people may, upon clear and
tangible grounds, slate against the great national
defaulters to whom I have alluded, and who have
not been removed or dismissed from office.
First. There was the Black Hawk war—a war
which originated in the sheer neglect and culpa-
ble negligence of the Administration, and which
cost the country $3,000,000.
Second. There was the late Creek war—a war
notoriously caused or instigated by the specula-
tors in Indian lands, and which might have been
averted, but for the imbecility of some, and the
want of principle in others, of the public a-gents
intrusted by the Administration with the execu-
tion of the treaty of 1832. I estimate the cost of
that war at #1,500,000.
Third. We may safely estimate the extra cost
of the Florida war, or the clear excess above
what a competent and faithful system of admin-
istration would have expended on this war, at
$12,000,000. I, sir, predict that the entire cost
of this war to the country will not be less than
$20,000,000. And when it is borne in mind that
this disastrous war would have been prevented
by a judicious selection of agents in the manage-
ment of the Indians, the charge which I make
against the Administration of an excess of ex-
penditure upon it will be considered moderate.
This, it must be recollected, was purely an Ex^
ecuiive war—a war commenced and waged en-
tirely at Executive discretion. Congress was only
appealed to, from time to time, to vote the sums
I of money which were said to be .essential to its
