1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong....3d Sess.
President's Message—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
be faithfully executed, and that the Constitution
be preserved, is also well founded, according to
these views of the extent of Executive power.
And, sir, it will be found that all these extrava-
gant notions of Executive power were sustained
by the majority in this House during the late
Administration. The Postmaster General (Mi.
Kendall) took ground boldly in his letter to the
investigating committee of this House, in 1836,
refusing to communicate any information as to
the motives or reasons upon winch he had re-
moved one postmastei and appointed another in
his place, alleging that he considered it his duty
to " regard the constitutional limitations of power,
and to give the information required would tend
to subvert them;"' and this doctrine was acqui-
esced in by the House I have already refei red
to the opinion of another committee, which was
acquiesced in by the House, that it is no misde-
meanor in the Executive, and a matter of no pub-
lic interest or concern whatever, that a public offi-
cer should be removed on account of his politics.
Thus, sir, was a system of tyranny lately up-
held and established upon alleged constitutional
grounds, which possessed the merit, at least, of
consistency in all its assumptions of power It
was upon the ground of the exclusive responsi-
bility of the Executive for the conduct of all his
public officers, and his absolute power over them,
and because it was highly convenient at the same
time, that, when any one under the late Admin-
istration ventured to find fault with any subor-
dinate officer of the Government, the answer in
this House invariably was- why do you not at-
tack the President himself He is responsible for
the faithful execution of the laws Why do you
not have the manliness to attack him directly,
who is an antagonist worthy of you > Why do
you seek to vent your hostility to General Jack-
son in attacks upon the officers appointed by
him, and for whose good conduct he is bound to
answer'
But, sir, what do we find to be the duties of the
present Chief Magistrate upon these fundamental
doctrines > It is true, sir, he is silent upon some
of them; but we may justly congratulate ourselves
and the country that the proper constitutional
rights and powers of Congress over the public
treasure have been fully recognized in principle,
whether the President intended to go that length
or not. It is of no use now to inquire under what
circumstances this recognition has been made.
The power of Congress to inquire into and super-
vise the conduct of all public officers we also re-
gard as yielded without limitation. But, above
all, we have reason to rejoice that the foundation
«Don which that most odious, mischievous, and
despoticof all powers, the unlimited power of re-
moval, has been maintained, is removed I am
far from thinking that the President would put
this construction upon his own message, but such
■will be the force of the principles he does admit.
The doctnne of exclusive duty and responsibility
in taking care that the laws be faithfully execu
ted, and that the Constitution be preserved, is ex
pressly abandoned. It is admitted to be both the
right and the duty of Congress to interfere, both
by legal enactments and by direct supervision of
the conduct of public officers. Again, it is ad-
mitted that Executive supervision is incompetent
to the task of seeing that the laws be faithfully
executed without the aid of Congress' In truth,
the Executive power, in the hands of the present
incumbents, is proclaimed by the President him
self, in the message before us, to be a failure
He is not only willing to divide the responsibility
of the Executive department with Congress, but
he admits that, without the cooperation of Con-
gress in the discharge of Executive duties, the
public service rmist suffer. There is, therefore,
no longer any plausible ground remaining upon
•which to rest the unlimited power of removal.
But, Mr. Chairman, while I applaud the candor
of the President in making the important admis-
sions to which I have alluded, I cannot agree that
his proposition of a congressional committee upon
the terms he suggests is entitled to be treated with
equal respect. It looks as though he wished to
stipulate an equivalentfor tbe concessions he has
made. When we come to analyze the character
and tendency of the proposition, nothing could
be more insulting to Congress. In the first place,
it appears to come in the shape of a boon—an act
of grace and favor by the President Congress
may or will hereafter be permitted by the Exec-
utive to institute committees of inquiry to a lim-
ited extent1 Heretofore, it is true that this power
in Congress has been actually denied, but still
the countiy did not acquiesce in the prohibition,
and the Piesident will not acquire any credit for
conceding to Congress a privilege which was al-
ways its right, primarily and fundamentally.
But this is not the most objectionable feature in
the proposition. If I understand the nature of
the duties the committee of Congress proposed
by the President would have to perform, they
would be the mere scavengers of the Piesident,
compelled to grope their way into the private re-
cesses, the inner closets of suspected public offi-
cers—pursuing their victims through all manner
of tainted and infected places, often bound to
disregard every feeling and sympathy that is hon-
orable to out nature, dragging to light the con-
cealed and venal weaknesses and aberrations of
men standing high in the estimation of society,
and who,perhaps, are still more honest than their
neighbors who have never passed through such
an ordeal; and to what end or purpose, at last,
will Congress have descended to take upon itseif
as one of its ordinary duties a service so revolt-
ing ' Can they give effect to their investigation>
No; they cannot remove a single officer. Our
committees will only act in the capacity of in-
formers and catchpoles for the Executive, and
when we shall have presented a wretched delin-
quent to the notice of the President, he may or
may not punish him, or remove him from office,
at his discietion
But, besides the degradation, there are two cap-
ita! objections to this plan of a congressional
committee, founded on higher principles First,
the entire íesponsibility of seeing that the public
moneys are in safe hands, and that the public
officeis generally are honest and capable, will be
shifted from the President, and thrown upon Con-
gress. Who, aftei such a system of congres-
sional supervision of all public officers shall go
into operation, would ever dream of making the
President responsible for any defalcation in sub-
ordinate officers' It would be said at once, in
answer to any attack upon the Executive, that it
was the business of Congiess to have been more
diligent in their inquiries into the conduct of the
defaulting officer. Secondly, nothing could add
more to the influence of the Executive than a plan
which proposes to leave him in the full posses-
sion, not only of the appointing powei, as here-
tofore exercised, but of the power of discretion-
ary removal; and, at the same time, relieves him
from the burden and odium of official scrutiny
into the conduct of political and personal favor-
ites, and of removing them upon his own sugges-
tion. He would thus be left in the full possession
of all that is beneficent and desnable, connected
with the appointing power and the distribution of
Executive patronage, and relieved of all that is^
ungracious. When he would be called upon to
remove an old friend and partisan from office for
good cause, the report of the committee would
shield him from any unpleasant responsibility of
a personal nature. Another objection to this plan
would be, that Congress, from its composition
and constitution, would be incompetent to exam-
ine and supervise the conduct of public officers,
as a regular and reliable means of securing a faith-
ful discharge of official duty. The Executive
alone is competent to that duty in general, and
if Congress should undertake it, the consequence
would be greater abuses in the public service than
evei. In my opinion, therefore, when either
House of Congress shall appoint an investigating
committee, it will become their character and dig-
nity to act independently of Executive recom-
mendation or pleasure, and, standing upon the
high giound of constitutional duty and privilege,
institute inquiries at their own discretion, when-
ever the public interest shall appear to demand
them.
There is but one other portion of the message
upon which I desire to make a few remarks. In
the argument submitted by the President in behalf
of his favorite sub-Treasury scheme, after refer-
ring, in exaggerated terms, to the disasters in
trade, tbe reckless speculations, and other evils
incident to imprudent expansions of bank credit,
and then ad-verting to tbe strong interest which
existed while the banks were the fiscal agents of
the Government, that money should be accumu-
lated in their hands, he makes the following re-
flections:
" It is thus that a concentrated money power is tempted
to become an active agent in political afiairs, and all pa«t
experience his shown on which side it will be arrayed We
deceive ourselves if we suppose that it will ever be found
asserting and supporting the rights of the community, at
large, m opposition to the claims of the few "
" Nor is ítthe motive of combinations for the acquisition
of legislative influence to confine their interference to the
smgl*- object for which they were oneinally formed *s "The
influence in the direction of public affairs of the community
at large is, therefore, in no slight danger of being sensibly
and injuriously affected by giving to a comparatively small,
but very efficient class, a direct and exclusive personal in-
terest in so important a feature of the legislation of Con-
gress as that which relates to the custody of public moneys."
" Laws aiting on private interests should be confined witbm
the narrowest limits, when not Ihus instituted, they lead
to combinations of powertul association", foster an influence
necessarily selfish, and turn the fair course of legislation to
sinister ends "
I am persuaded, Mr. Chairman, that, if the
President had not been infatuated, absolutely
blinded, by the strong interest he feels m carry-
ing his sub-Treasury scheme, he would never
have presented to the publican aigument which,
when it shall be considered in connection with the
true state of the question, will appear the very
strongest that the opponents of that most mis-
chievous measure could desire. Who is it that
tells the people of the danger of a concentrated
money power' The man who, directly or indirect-
ly, controls an annual distribution o<° $30,000,000'
the very man under whose direct and absolute
control it is proposed to place whatever surplu 
money may be in the Treasury at any time, thus
adding to his money power, already too great for
the satety of our institutions, for who now does not
understand that, by the established doctrines of
the day, no officer can be authouzed by law,
charged with the custody of the public money,
who will not be sub|ect to the absolute control
and direction of the President > No officer can be
appointed, according to this doctrine, who will
not always feel that he holds his office at Exec
utive discretion, nor is there any power in Con
gress, according to this doctrine, to protect such
officer against the arbitrary and corrupt interfer-
ence of the Executive. Until the power of re-
moval is regulated bylaw, this must be the neces-
sary íesult of this soheme; and we find in the bills
which have heretofore been presented, no pro-
vision against the uncontrolled exercise of that
power over the keepers of the public money
The supervision by a committee of Congress
proposed by the President does not imply any
disposition on his part to waive the vast power
claimed under the late Administration, of assum-
ing the custody and control of the public moneys
whenever he shall think it expedient, by the ex
ercise of the power of removal.
But the mere custody and control of the public
moneys will add but an inconsiderable degree of
influence and power to the Executive in the com-
parison, when we reflect upon the far greater
source of power which this famous sub-Treasui y
scheme proposes to vest in the President. It is
expressly avowed in a subsequent part of the
message that the plan of the sub-Ti easury which
he has in view, will not preclude the Government
from employing the State banks, " like other
State institutions " " They may be used or not
in conducting the affairs of the Government/' as
public policy or convenience may require. Thus
the monstrous proposition is entertained and at-
tempted to be carried through Congress, by which
the Administration will have eight hundred banks
once more invited and tempted to vie with each
other in subserviency to power—in such a course
of conduct as will conciliate the Executive, and
induce it to vouchsafe a portion of the public
moneys to their keeping and use as heretofore.
But it is not by the principle of favor or hope
alone that it is proposed to subject all tbe banks
and the whole banking syBtem to the influence
and control of the Administration. Fear and the
principle of self-preservation, in general much
more powerful influences, are also intended to be
brought into active use, if need be. It can be
demonstrated that if the sub-Tieasury system is
established with the principles which prevail in
