1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Defaulters—Mr. Prentiss.
Ho. of Reps.
falls from that tree of Sodom—Executive patron-
age Ileietofore, the Repiesentativea of the peo-
ple have in vain urged an examination into the
chaiacter of its ftuit, but it has been guaided
with more vigilance than were the golden apples
of the Hespéridos Now our attention is solicited
to it by the President. Is he in earnest? Let
him but give us a chance to shake this tree, and
he will find its rotten pippins falling from every
limb and branch.
But our attention is called, particularly, to the
case of Swartwout. The Admimstiation lias de-
livered him over to our tender mercies; they have
dropped him, as the bear, when hotly puisued,
drops one of hei cubs, foi the purpose of distract-
ing the attention of the hunter, and so escaping
with the rest of her young. I, for one, shall not
be thus diverted from my purpose, but will fol-
low the dam to her den, and there, if possible,
crush at once her whole breed.
Swartwout has been found out. This is the
unpardonable sin with the present party in power.
Their morality is the Spartan morality; not the
theft, but the discovery, constitutes the crime. Sn,
if eveiy office holder's mantle was thrown aside,
how many, think you, would be found without
a stolen fox fastened to the girdle?
Mr. Chan man, I have no confidence that the
President has recommended this investigation in
good faith, or that his partisans here intend to
permit it. They daie not doit. They aie not
yet sufficiently maddened, scorpion like, to dart
the sting mtotheirown despeiate brain No,sn,
it is a mere ruse Regardless of the maxim that
"there is honor among thieves," the rest of the
office-holders aie very willing to turn State's evi-
dence against Swartwout, to gain immunity for
themselves, and favor with the Commonwealth
Let the Admimstiation give us a fair committee,
favorable to investigation, not packed by the
Speakei; throw open to us the doors of your de-
pat tments, those whited sepulchres, within whose
secret vaults corruption has so long rioted and
reveled, let youi insolent subaltei ns be taught that
they owe some allegiance to the laws, compel
them to submit their official conduct tcfa rigid ex-
amination by this House, then,and not till then,
will 1 believe them i n earnest, then, and not till then,
shall I exoeet any good to come of investigation.
But, sir, though htile is to be expected from the
action of this House, I anticipate much good from
tlit discussion This Hall is the eai of the nation;
what is said here touches the auditory nerve of
the whole countiy Before this mighty audience
do 1 impeach both the Piesidentand theSeretaiy
—not before the Senate—no, sir, but before the
people—befoie fifteen millions of fieemen.
I craige them with knowingly appointing and
continuing in office public defaulters—men who
had appropriated the public moneys to private
use, who had committed, in office, acts of as
gieat moral turpitude, and deseivingof as much
odium, as attaches to the case of Swartwout, acts
which the Piesident now piofesses to think are
desetvmg of the penitentiary I charge the Sec-
íetary, directly, with having caused, by negli-
gence, and knowing, willful connivance, some of
the most important defalcations which have oc-
curied I charge him specifically with having,
in one case,hteially watched a defalcation through
a peuod of more than two years,, and seen it
giadually swell, during that time to upwards of
one hundied thousand dolíais1 I charge him
with having permitted, in numbeiless instances,
the íepeated and continued neglect and violation
of what he himself asseits to be the pm amount
duty, without removing from office, or even íepri-
manding the delinquents I charge him with
having, m his official capacity, received, and fa-
vorably considered, correspondence degrading to
his high office, insulting to him as an honest man,
and of a corrupt and piofligate chaiacter.
Sir, the Secietaiy can only escape by the plea
of " «on compos menhs " Out of his own mouth
I will convict him, I will but let loose upon him
the documents he himself has furnished, and,
like the hapless Acteon, he will be torn to pieces
by his own hounds '
Mr Chanman, the cases which I am about to
examine, in support of my positions, have been
selected at random from the repoits of the Secre-
tary himself, and I present them merely as speci-
mens; scores of the same soit—the phosphores-
cent glimmenngs of corruption—break through
the daikness, and illuminate (he path of the Sec-
retary, from the very moment he came into office.
Should I treat of them all, the 4th of March
would find me here, and the cluomcles of the
defaulters still unfinished
The first case to which I will call attention is
that of Colonel John Spencer, receiver of public
moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana, and which com-
menced in 1836. The report of the whole case
is found in Dooument No. 142, of the second ses-
sion of the Twenty-Fourth Congress. I shall
extract such portions as are in point.
Under date of the 25th of Apnl, 1836, the Sec-
retary writes to Colonel Spencer, among other
things, as follows:
" As these statements for Jamiaryand February lasthave
not been received at the Department, I must claim your
attention to the omission, and insist on their transmission,
in future, immediately after the close of each month At
the same time, 1 would also claim your strict attention to
the regulations of the Department m respect to the period-
ical deposits of the public money, and to the duty of trans-
mitting the Usual evidences ot such deposits to the Secre
tary of the 'treasury, as the instructions require "
Immediately afterwaida, the Secretary writes
again to the following effect:
Treasury Department, May 93, 1836
Sir Since the date oi my letter to you of the 25th ulti-
mo, your returns for the month of April have been received,
fiom winch I pciceive that the public monejs in > our hand-,
on the íüth ultimo imounted to the sum of $247 2 >1 64,
which amount is the accumulated receipts of your office
since the lot of January last You cannot hut be aware
thit the retention of the public moneys m your hands, be
vond the peuod of one month, unless the receipts of such
month be less than $10 000 is a violation of your mstruc
lions 1 he object ot this letter is, 1 1 o require that lite
whole b ilance on h md it the lime oí the receipt of tins
letter «hill be iiiiiik diately deposited, and i cerlificite of
such deposit tnnsmitted to the Depaitment without delay
2 To inform you th-u the Department cannot overlook the
omission to do so,or jourluture neglect to deposit monthly,
uid to transmit \our monthly íeturns, accompanied by the
evidi nee of your deposit, m time to be received at this
office within the month next preceding that for which the
retum is rendeied 3 That any neglect or inattention to
these requirements, unless satislactonly accounted for. will
requne ol nie, fiom a sense of official duty, that \ou be re-
ported to the President, with a recommendation that you
be removed irom office
I am, very íespectfully, &c ,
LEVT WOODBURY,
Secretary oj the Treasm y.
Colonel Spencer
On the 8th of July, the Secretary directed that
Mr. West (who, it seems, was a sort of rotary
portion of the Department, called an examiner)
should proceed in person " to make special jn-
quny into the matter, and report to the Depart-
ment the íesult."
Accoidmgly, Mr. West proceeded to Poit
Wayne to examine into the delinquency of the
receivei, and having accomplished his task, made
a repoit to the Department From this report it
appears that he met Colonel Spencer, who was on
his way to Richmond to raise money to makeup
his deficit to the Government The following is
an extract from the repoit in relation to a chaige
of" shaving" upon the public moneys:
" Upon the subject of using the monev of the United
States, I beg leave to state that I find it universally stated
and believed, and it is conceded to as a fact by the clerks
in the íeceivir's office tint both he and his relitive Daw
son have been much in the habit, m the office, of shaving
moot y, th it is, exchanging the money which could not be
received for public lands , the rate of exchange or discount
vaivmg fiom three to five per cent I And in the case of
Isaiah Wells, of Marion county, Ohio, that, so recently as
the 6th instant, he paid into the hinds of the receiver, in
his office, ei„'ht dollars for exchanging $210 of Ohio btnk
notes of five dollar;, each 1 o what extent tins ' shaving
business has been earned on m the office, of coui-e I do
not know, but I am satisfied it has been to a verv consider
able extent, and that the Government money paid in by one
peison has been handed out by the receiver in exchange for
uncurrent (or not land office) monej—he receiving, for his
own private use the discount as agieed upon , and tint the
same Government money again is passed into the land office
to be again used for the like purpose, in pay for the public
lands "                                                                , ,,
" That the receiver has taken in bank notos of five dolíais,
contrary to order-, the schedule prepared at his office here-
with inclosed, will prove , that he leceived a bonus for tak
ing the same is, I think, almost beyond a doubt "
In a postscupt to his report, he says:
"Mr Spencer liasjust come in having been so farasriich
morid where, by obtaining i discount upon some dralts due
in September, origin dlv taken hen foi laud he was en
abled to swell his deposit mere to $o2 8J1 34, which, to
culier with ihem.no taken « ith h.m flora here, the silver
in the bank here, and some other money, enabled him to
deposit," &c.
The following is the supplemental report of
Mr. West-
Miami County, Indiana, August 23,1836.
Sir I hasten to correct an oversight m uiystateraent of
Mr Spencer's account, in the postscript of my letter fiom
Tore Wayne T wrote the postscript just upon the point
of starting; and Mr Spencer being present, requesting me
to give the assurance of Ins good intention for the future,
must be my excuse for the oversight
It consists in passing efther the whole amount of his de-
posit at Indianapolis, in which is included a certificate of
deposit of $25,000 of silver at Foit Wayne, or, as the {told
was left in the bank at Tort Wayne as collateral, to make
up a deficiency of $2,000 silver, I should not have passed
all the gold to Ins credit
His account, as corrected, should stand thus:
The Receiver— Dr.
June30 Tobalance..................$100,599 32
Received m July ($3o5,897 75),......356,155 95
Received in August, up to 11, at 3 p. m.  29,774 64
$486,529 91
Contra— Cr.
June 30. To cash deposited at Indianapolis... $445,906 00
Gold in b ink at Fort Wayne, $5,332 37,
—less $2,000, its natality for the defi-
ciency ot silver of f2,000........    3,322 37
Banknotes, &c , m office............  17,350 50
Gold in office........................       3o7 90
Silver in office....................    1,87100
Sciip    ......................    2,435 00
forfeited land stock   ..............        78 20
Balance due United States...........    5,206 84
$486,529 91
It 15 also proper for me to state that I am quite satisfied
Mr Spencer, bv his visit to Richmond, was enabled to 111
crease his available fund there $94 064 92, (he having
drawn in favor of the Indianapolis branch for that much
more,) by obtaining a discount there, and upon drafts re-
ceived by him at Tort Wavne for public lands, before the
1st of June last, which dinfts were not due till September,
and of course, in order to reduce the same now to cash, he
made a deduction Whether the deduction for the yet re
mauling time was equal to what was allowed him in May
last, of course I do not know, but the difference of time
would seem to place 11 beyond a doubt that it was much
less
The latter view, m part, applies to the discount upon
uncurrent (or not land office) paper, which he deposited at
Indianapolis, a certificate of the loss upon which I inclosed
at his request.
Very, &c ,                            NATHANIEL WEST.
To Ethan A Brown, Esq.
By this document it appears that the receiver
had turned his office into a " shaving shop" for
himself and his friends. It further appears that
he had not meiely failed to deposit the public
moneys according to law, but had used them; for
when he came to make a settlement with Mr,
West, after having scraped together all the means
within his reach, after selling drafts, obtaining a
pnvate discount at Richmond, bringing forward all
the public money in his hands, and, in the lan-
guage of Mr. West, " some other money," still he
fal's short $5,206 84, which he does not profess
to account for in any way In other woids, by
this report Colonel Spencer stood before the Sec-
retary and Piesidentanacknowledged,confessed,
and convicted peculatoi and embezzler of public
moneys to the amount of $5,20G 84, without a
shadow of excuse or defense.
And what think you was done with this de-
faulter by the moral, upright, sin-hating Secre-
tary > And what has been done by the Piesident,
who thinks this offense ought to be made felony,
and punished with the penitentiary > Before I
answer this question, I will read you aletterfrom
a then Senator of the United States, which will
perhaps throw some light upon this subject. It
will be peieeived this letter was written during
the examination of the office by Mi West, and
was doubtless intended to obviate the effect of the
report:
Madison, August 31, 1836.
Sir I am informed that some things aie stated íecently
to the prejudice of Colonel John Spencer, receiver at Fort
Wayne, and Íam requested to niite yon In doing so, I
can only say that I have been gratified in learning that his
deposits have been made to your satisfaction , and if so, I
hope that minor matters if mere irregularities, will be over
looked He is reputed to be an honest and honoi 'ble man,
and I do not believe that he has intention illy either done
wrong or violated his instructions It u ould to some patent
produce excitement if he uere remoied,for he has many
narm ani influential fríe ids, bot'i m Jboit 11 ayne and in
Deui horn county from utuch he reino ied to his pi esent reu
denre     Better let it be
With much respect,                   WM  HEfDRICKS.
Hon Llvi \S oodbüpv, Secretary of the Treasury
"With much respect," ha' I doubt it The
honoiable Senator could not have had much in-
spect for the honorable Secietary, or he would
