886                                   APPENDIX TO THE COJ^RESSKMÍAl. &mm%                     [December 21,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                                   Public Defaulters—Mr. Wise.                                                  Ho. of Reps.
[Mr. W. read that part of his report which
showed that the committee was not organized
until the 21st of January; that the resolution of
the committee was broad enough to embrace every
speciesof legitimate inquiry; that there were many
subjects of inquiiy near at hand which the com-
mittee could pursue; that they took up four of
them, and adopted four resolutions: first, as to
patronage to the public press; second, as to appoint-
ments without consent and advice of the Senate;
thud, as to contingent expenses of Departments;
fourth, as to sinectttes; that these resolutions were
ail amended by the President's own fuends by
inserting the words " without aulhoiily of law;"
that they were adopted on the 23d of January,
1837; and he, as chairman, was ordered to com-
municate them to the President and beads of De-
partments; and that he did communicate them on
the 24th of January, in a respectful note; that, on
Friday,the27th of January,Mr. Wise was called
on, together with Mr. Bell and others, by Mr.
Maní,-, of New York, to answer the question:
** Do you, of your own knowledge, know of any act
by either of the heads of the Executive Departments
which is either corrupt or a violation of their official
duties ?" That he (Mr. Wise) was proceeding to
answer this question, when the Private Secretary
of the President entered the committee room, and
presented to the committee the following letter in
reply to his of the 24th, communicating the reso-
lutions of the committee:
Washinuton City, January 35,1837.
Sir: I received, on the evening of the 24th mutant, your
letter, covering a copy ot certain resolutions purporting to
have been adopted by a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives ot winch you are chairman, and request that
you will lay before that committee tins, my reply, which X
hasten to make.
It appears, by the published proceedings of the House of
Representatives, that the committee of which youaie chair-
man was appointed on your motion. The resolution of-
fered by you, Rnd finally adopted by the House, raised a
direct issue with that part ot my annual message in which
1 held the following language :
" Before concluding this paper, X think it due to the van
ous Executive Depirunonts to bear testimony of theh pros-
perous condition, and to the ability and Integrity Willi which
they have been conducted It has been my aim to enlorce,
in ali of them, a vigilant and faithful discharge ot the pub-
lic business; and it is grntitying to me to believe tiiat there
is no just cause of complaint, from nny quarter, at the
manner in which they hitvo fulfilled the object of their
creation."
Your resolution is in the following words:
" Revolved, That so much o{ the President's message as
relates to the 'condition of the various Executive Iiepart-
ments, the ability and integrity with which they have been
conducted, the vigilant nnd laithftil discharge of the public
business m all of them, and tile causes of complaint from
any quarter, at (lie manner in which they have fulfilled the
objects oí ilieircreauon,' he referred to a select committee,
to consist of nine members, with power to st-nd lor pei sons
nnd papers.and with instructions to inquire into the con-
dition of the various Executive Departments, the ability
and inicgruy with which they have been conducted, into
the manner in which the public business lias been discharged
in ali of them, nnd into ail causes ot complaint, from any
Suarter, at ihe manncr-iii winch snid Depaitments, or their
ureaus or offices, or anvot their officers or agents, ot every
description whatever, directly or nidiieetlv connect! d with
them in any manner, officially or uuolTicially, tu duties per-
taining to the public inteiest, have iulfillcd or failed to ac-
complish tiie objects ol their cieation,or have violated their
dunes, or have injured ami impaired tile public service and
interest; and tiiat said committee in its inquiries may refer
to such periods of time as to them may seem expedient and
proper "
It also appears from the published proceedings of the
House that this resolution was accompanied and supported
by a speech of con°iderablc length, in winch you pieierred
many severe but vague charges of coiruption and abuse in
the Executive Departments. The resolution adopted by
the committee, as well as that adopted by the House uselt,
must be taken in connection with your introductory speech,
which gives a character to tiie whole proceeding. When
thus regarded, it is obvious that, by the resolution ot the
House, an issue is made with the President of the United
States, as lie liad alleged m ins annual message that the
heads of the Executive Departments had periormed their
official dunes with ability and integrity, in >our speech
you denied this; you charged them with manifold corrup-
tions and abuses of trust, as you had done in former
speeches, to which you referred; and you demanded an in-
vestigation through the medium of a committee. Certain
other members of Congress, as appears by the published
debates, united with you in these accusations; and for the !
purpose of ascertaining their truth or falsehood, the com-
mittee you demanded was ordered to be raised, and you
were placed at its head The first proceeding ot the inves-
tigating committee is to pass a scries ot resolutions, which,
though amended in their passage, were, as understood, in
traduced by you, calling on the President and the heads of
the Departments—not to answer to any specific charge; not
to explain any alleged abuse; not to give information as to
any particular transaction; but assuming that they have
been guilty of the charges alleged, calls upon them to fur-
lush evidence agamst themselves!
After the rerterated charges you have made, it was to
have been expected that you would have been prepared to
reduce them to specifications, and that the committee
would then pioceed to investigate the matters alleged. But
instead of tins you resort to generalities even moie vague
than your original accusations; and m open violation of
the Constitution, and of that well established and wise
maxim, " that all men are presumed to be innocent until
proven guilty according to the established rules of law,"
you request myself and the heads of the Departments to
become our own accusers, and to furnish the evidence to
convict ourselves ; and this call purports to be founded on
the authority of that body in which alone, by tiie Constitu-
tion, the power of impeaching us is vested! The heads of
Departments may answer such a request as they please,
provided they do not withdraw their own time, and that of
the officers under their direction, from the public business,
to themj'ury thereof. To tiiat business I shall diiect them
to devote themseivea, in preference to any illegal and tin
constitutional call for iniormation, no matter from what
source it may come, or however anxious they may be to
meet it. For myself I shall repel all such attempts as an
invasion of the principles of justice, as well as of the Con-
stitution ; and I shall esteem it my sacred duty to the peo-
ple of the Uni ted States to resist them as I would the estab-
lishment of a Spanish Inquisition.
If, after all the severe accusations contained in the various
speeches of yourself and vour associates, you are unwilling,
ol your own accord, to bring specific charges, then I request
your committee to call yourself and your associates, and
every other member of Congress who has made the general
charge of corruption, to testify before God and our country,
whether you or they know of anv specific corruption or
abuse of trust in the Executive Departments; and, if so,
what it is. If you aie able to point to any case where there
is the slightest reason to suspect coiiuption or abuse of
trust, no obstacle which I can remove shall be interposed
topreventihefuliestscrutmvbvalliegnl means Theoflices
of all the Departments will be opened to you, and every
pioper iacihty furnished for this purpose
I hope, sir, we shall, at List, have your charges, and that
you will proceed to investigate them,"not like an inquisitor,
but m the accustomed mode If you either will not make
specific accusations, or if, when made, you attempt to estab-
lish them by making freemen their own accusers, you will
not expect me to countenance voui pioceeditlgs. In the
short period winch remains of my official duty, I shall en
(leavor, as I have heretofore endc.ivnied, to fulfil! the obli-
gations of that oath of olfice by winch I engaged " to the
best of my ability, to preserve, piotect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States;" and for this, and other
reasons of the most solemn character, I shall, on the one
hand, cause every possible facility,consistent with law and
jtinoe, to be given to investigation oí specific, tangible
ehaiges; and, on the otlur. shall repudiate all attempts to
invade the ¡ust rights of the Executive Dep iitments, and of
the individuals composing the same It, alter all jour
clamor, you will make no specific charges, or bring no proof
of such as shut! be made, von and jour associates must be
rcgaided hv the good people of the United States as the
authors of unfounded calumnies; and the public servants
whom you have assailed will, in tiie estimation of ali hon-
orable men, stand iullv acquitted.
In the mean nine, I cannot but express my astonishment
tiiat members of Congress should call (or intorinntion as to
the names of persons to whom contingent moneys aie paid,
and the objects ot those payments, when there are six
standing committees, under the 77tli rule of the House of
Representatives, whose special duties ;m to examine annu-
ally into all tiie details of those expenditures m each of tiie
Executive Departments. Tiie like remark is applicable to
some other blanches of the information sought by you,
ample details in respect to winch are to be found in the
reports laid before Congress, and now on your files; and to
which I recommend \ou to have recourse
I am, respectfully, &c ,          ANDREW JACKSON.
To the Hon. Henry A. WlSF, Chairman of the Investigat-
ing Committee on the abuses and Frauds of the Executive
Depart men ts—cliai ged.]
Sir, this was an extraordinary letter to be ad-
dressed by the President of the United States to
a committee of the House of Representatives.
It at once explained to me why I had been called
on first to purge myself on oath of all knowledge of
Executive corruption. I immediately changed
positions with Mr. Mann—assumed the seat of
interrogator, and put him upon the witness stand,
as to what infoimation he had been carrying to
the palace of the proceedings of a committee of
the House of Representatives charged to inquire
into executive abuses He admitted, on oath,
that he had informed the Piesident of our pro-
ceedings, and swore that " the President told"
(him) " that hewould desire" (the) " committee to ex-
amine, upon oath, such gentlemen as had charged cor-
i uptions and abuses against the heads of the Executive
Departments." But, sir, the report is the best
history and commentary upon this extraordinary
letter and all its incidents.
[Mr. W. again read from his report, showing
" this letter to be an official assumption of authority
by the Executive over the proceedings of the House
of Representatives, and over the proceedings of one
of Us committees; an official attack upon the privi-
leges of members of both Houses of Congress; and
that it opposed an unauthorized resistance to the
just powers of the House and its committee, in direct
hostility to inviolable principies necessary to the ad-
ministration of a free Government;" that the let-
ter was official; that in this official letter the Pies-
ident assumed authority over the proceedings of
the House; it shows he did not look to the results
alone of those proceedings, but assumed to look
behind them, and to supervise what each House,
for itself alone, by the Constitution, has power
to determine—the proceedings by which it ailived at
those results; that the Piesident did not look to
the resolution alone, but to its motier and its advo-
cates, and to their speeches on this floor; that the
President assumed to contiol as well as supeivise
the proceedings of this House; that the House
had ordered an inquiry into the condition of the
Government; that, in coming to that order, it was
contended in debate there should be specific charges
on the one hand, and on the other that, whether
the condition of the Government was good or bad,
it was simply a duty of Representatives to inquire
into its condition; that magistrates were but trus-
tees and servants of the people, at all times amena-
ble to them, and that they might be requited at
any time to render an account, without being
specifically charged with a fault; that it was the
duty of the Piesident,by the Constitution, " from
time to time to give to the Congress information
of the State of the Union;" that officeis were
removable from office on impeachment; that the
House had the sole power of impeachment, which
it could not exercise without inquiring into the
conduct generally of public officers; that the Con-
gress had power to dispose of and make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the territory
or other property belonging to the United States,
and it could not protect the public lands and pub-
lic money without inquiring for information neces-
sary to protect them from abuses and corruption;
that, in íeply to all these arguments, it was urged
by the friends of the Administration that the res-
olution constituted an inquisition,, and violated
that part of the Constitution which provides—
"the rights of the people to be secute in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects against un-
reasonable searches and seizures, shall not be vio-
lated "
In reply to this, it was contended that the rights
here spoken of were rights of the people; that they
weie not the rights of the public Departments; that
the Depaitments, the public houses, papers, and
effects, were not the pnvate property of Executive
officeis; that, if this resolution was mquisiloi lal,
the standing íules of the House had, ftom the
foundation of the Government, been standing in-
quisitions, which proved that the right of inquiiy
into the condition of the Government had never
before been denied; that there were various pre-
cedents for inquiry—the resolution offered by Mr.
Connor, in June, 1834, in relation to the Post
Office Department, was general and sweeping;
that General Jackson himself had, in his message
of 1829, recommended "general and inmute inquiry
into the condition of Government," especially in
relation to "frauds on the Tieasury;" and upon
this discussion the House rejected an amendment
requiring specific charges, and thereby declared
that such should not be required before " general
and minute inquiry." The President said, in his
letter, in direct contradiction, that he would repel
all inquiry as he would the establishment of a
Spanish Inquisition, unless specific charges were
made. The House declared thata member should
not be required to prefer an accusation before in-
quiry. The President declared he should be so
required; and, if he did not prefer and prove his
charges, he denounced him and his associates as
authors of unfounded calumnies. The House de-
claied inquiry should not be perverted into im-
peachment. The President declared the Hoyse
should not inquire unless it did impeach. Tne
House declared the committee to be necessary and
proper by constituting it. ThePresidentdenounced
it as unnecessary and improper. The House re-
solved the committee should have power to send
for persons and papers. The President declared
that the heads of Departments should devote them-
selves to their public business, inpreference to any
calls for information, which he was pleased to de-
nounce as illegal and unconstitutional.
But he not only supervised and controlled the
proceedings of the House, he supervised and con-
trolled the proceedings of its committee. He was
informed by one of Us members that its first pro-
