APPENDIX TO WHE,CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2J,
25th Cono— 3i> Sess.
Public Defaulters—Mr. Wise.
Ho. or Reps.
In laying tbe papers connected with this business before
the President, I have to request that you will include this
communication, and also my letters to you of the 5th of
January last, covering Mr. Van Hook's charges, and that
of the 6th of April last.
1 have the houor to be, with great respect, sir, your obe-
dient servant,
JAMES PARKER.
Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury^ Washington.
New York, August 1, 1835.
Sir : Mr. Reckless harm  transmuted to you the affidavits
intended to be a defense against the charges preferred by
me, I think it my duty to submit to you, and through you
to the President, some rematks upon them. It is a little
singular that he should have been upwards of three months
preparing his evidence, which, on inspection of the accounts
submitted, and upon which he relies for his exculpation,he
must, if they are correct and true, have had in his posses-
sion more than a year; and one would naturally ask why,
with those means of defense, if such they are, in his power,
he had not been a little more expeditious in endeavoring to
clear himself from the very serious charges against him.
But these accounts are not true; they have been procured,
and made to bear date in ceriat  quarters, for the purpose
of covering the amounts fraudulently charged m the revenue
boatmen's receipts for those quarters. I will mention one
of those cases, which can be proved not to have "been in-
curred in the first quarter of 1834-~ihat of J. jp. Sibeli, for
stationery, under date of 31st March, 1834; I assert that
none of the articles in that bill had ever be< n received in
the collector's office prior to the 7th May, 1834 ; up to that
tune, the stationery was purchased nt New Urumu ick
The bill of J. C. Smith, in the same quaitcr, is for articles
which were not for the office; the bureaus weie for ins own
private use, one of them never was in the othce, but w s
sent to his house in Monmouth countv, and one to his pri-
vate lodgings m Amboy, and an old one put in the oibce
very recently- One oí the book casea is not and never was
in the ofticp. and the chatis in that bill are at hií¡ pi i vate
lodgings. The gas lamp was not needed loi the ofhec, be-
cause it was never open ui the evening, and never has been
after dark I point out the*** < a&CM to you, not because it
can make any manner of difference in deciding Uie ineuts
of the question^ but lor the purpose of showing that he lias
attempted to sustain Ins hauds by fahc documents  I con-
tend that he has no nghtto chum any credits m his accounts
for articles not chargedbU lie knew this iiom the lict
that the same items nowpioduced loi the second and third
quirten of 18J3 had been charged before m his accounts for
those quarters, and had been rejected by thi Comptroller.
and he was then informed that they weic inadmissible. In
consequence of this information, he determined to charge
(to the United State* a sum greater than the sum r« jceted,
and more than he actually paid) in the icvenue boatmen's
accounts, and fraudulently obtained from them their le-
eeipt  to cover it. The testimony of his son proves tins,
and fullv sustains that ol Mr. liuulevon this point It can-
not be possible that either yon or the Piesident will peimtt
him to do indirectly, and under cover of false vouchers,
what the law and the usages of the Depirtmcnt will not
permit to be done openly and directly That ehaige is lully
and completely sustained in oil its parts, and no comments
of mine can m.ikc it more plain and palpable as a picmedi-
tftted (mud
The charge of not crediting the Government with the
money received in July, 1W3, in the tase of the Pacific , is
uleo fully sustained, an well by the evidente of Mi lirmley,
Mr Mnurice, Mr Parkei, as bv the receipt to Messrs So
cor. The receipt proves that when he received the money
he know the amount of chaigcs to be d( ducted from the
sum received; he then knew the amount then legally charge
able against the moray received; and his fiaudulently
obtaining from Mr Maunee a receipt dated 30th Decern
bee, 18Í4, on I v goes more fully to establish his whole con-
duct to be dihhont^t 1 will make one remark upon one
of the receipts he produces m tins ease, but not spf < ifn d
in his receipt to Messrs St cor—that of G P Waif, Esq ,
the United States district attorney foi Ni w Fersey foi pio-
fesvional advice in this case. I appichcitd that Mr Wall
íi id no It ¡> il claim ag unst the colli etor or the Government
for advice in this ca e; he hid a riI try from the I'mud
Htntes for the express purpose of paying him for a J vice to
the public oiheers in his State, and he cannot, It gillv, make
a charge while receiving asalaiy, except in casen where
costs accrue in suits instituted oi defended It n a hule
(ungular that Mr. Wall appeared for him as his louniel at
the examination of the witnesses m New Jersey, and vir-
tually ogams/ the United States.
You will observe the sweeping manner in which >oun<r.
Reckless swears He says that all the articles furnished,
as well from April, 1833, 10 May, 1834, as all otheis since
that time, were for the use of the collector's ofhee, and weic
necessary. How can he know tins, when he alto swears
that he came into the ornee only in M ly, lb34? He could
not know that the articles were furnished for the u-e of the
office, or were needed, and the i ule of law, as well as ot
common sense, is, that a man who will bwear to what he
cannot know, ought to be received as a witness verv cau-
tiously as to anything he may say, will foiciblv applv to
him. Yon will also observe that on his, cross-cxamnntmn
lie unqualifiedly said that none of the bills he then pro-
duced and which he referred to in his dinct t\ainination,
had been evei charged in anv account against the United
States Knowing as I did, the absolute f iNchood oí the
statement, (because I hid copies of tiie accounts foi the
second and third quarters of 1833,) 1 informed him he was 
incorrect, and should prove it so He then, at the M]""e3-
tion of his father's counsel qualified the btitemcut b\ «av-
mg he did not /«ok  of their hiving been before char-icd and
rejected Had 1 not con ecu d him, hisamdavit vvou'd hive
go,)e forth with a palpaLle falsi hood on its face
Mr Parker, m his letlei to you, under due of the 28th
ultimo, which 1 have seen, so fui|> analvztd and destroyed
the whole of Mi. Reekie  s deien&e, that I will not add
anything further on the subject. The affidavit of Mr. Lyon
is unimportant; if it proves anything, it only goes to show
that Mr. Reckless had never forgot that he had received the
money from Secor ; but at the time Reckless made the in-
quiry of Mr. Lyon, he was, no doubt, aware that he would
be charged with the fraudulent omission to creditthe amount
received, as I understand that the fact of withholding it had
been previously mentioned by Mr. Parker to more than one
person, by whom it would most probably be communicated
to Mr. Reckless, and particularly to Mr Wall, who was his
counsel at the taking of evidence in Amboy.
The whole case is now before you for the decision of the
President I cannot permit myself tor one moment to think
that he will retain in office a man proved dishonest, or per-
mit him to obtain, by false and fraudulent vouchers, and by
embezzlement, money he is not and cannot be permitted
to receive by an open and direct course.
I shall be glad to hear from you as soon as this case is
decided upon
I am, sir, with respect, your humble servant,
WILLIAM VAN HOOK.
The Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington.
September 16, 1835, Reckless wrote a letter to
Mr. Woodbury, in reply to the last letters of
Parker and Van Hook, of which the Secretary-
had notified him, inclosing an affidavit of John
Arnold, dated 18th September, 1835, in relation
to a desk and small lamp in his office, which he
proves had always been there, &c. Such, sir,
were the chatges and the pi oofs in this case. A
pretended absUact of them was made out in the
Treasury Derailment. What do you suppose
was the derision of the President in the case ?
On the abstiact he indoiscd this judgment.
" ftrst charge —Dispioved
" Second charge ~~Mr lirmley acknowledges, on oath,
that the manner of Reckles^s accounts were m ide agree
ably to the u>nj;e of the uflice b( fore he came into it
" TAirrf chatge —Di^ptoved It was ine^ulm to charge
incidental <\penses in bo union'  accounts; but no proof
ot coiiuption, or that any was chained hut what had been
disbursed "
Sn how could such a decision be made in such
a case ? Mr Paikoi and Mr. Van Hook told the
committee how it was, done:
t( Of the pipers markt d h\ the Sceietin 2">, with the in-
elosuie-, and Ü6, I hive no knowkdgi until now handid
for my pi i us.il The < vidcm e imnisht d with them being
liken without noti< e fiom the eolhit n to Mr \ an Hook,
they appear to have been letumcil foi Ih it reason, with a
b'ttei tiom the Seoutaiy to J VV. lit ckh -«, May 29,1831;
(XfX) in coiibCqiii nee of which, the testimony of J W
Iteekh ss, \r , and David S Lvon, wus t ikr n at New York,
hemic Itiehaid Rikei, June 23, 1835, with sundry exhibit-.,
(Y.\,)ind appears to have I" en foi warded to (he department
with a Icttei from Geotge Wood, the collector's counsel, on
the 16th of July, 1835, (XXI) flavin" íeeeived this evi
donee fiorn the Ot pailmuit, upon a request nrde in a let
tcr of theSOth of July, I wmte to the St en tary on the 28th
of July, 183") i tettt i (WÍI) st um^ my view of the ease
ii it n sted upon the evidence This letter, with one from
Air \an I look, of Auaust 2J, 183), with comments by him
upon the testimonv, (XXJIf,) d ited August 1, is stited to
have been foi warded to the collector, whose reply, (XXIV,)
dated September IQ, 1835, appears to have been received
b\ the Department on the 21st of Sepumhtr, inclosing an
afhdivitoi fo¡M  Arnold, (G,) tiken without notice to the
compl uriuil and in th h widwntingof George Wood,I>q ,
ol Nt w \oili, counst 1 tor the collector, sworn toatPnth
Amb >\, St ptemlx r 18, hefon Jo-eph Mni^-li, intt ndt d to
rebut .in observation in Mi \ an Hook's >t ttt i ot ti f l«t
AtiííiM, (XX III ) 'J Ins letter of the collfctoi, of St ptt m
In i 10, (\XIV.) appears by a nu nioiauduni uponu,signed
' Kndin m,' to have been rt-ct'ivcd the ¿Kt ot September,
and i direction is tin leon in pencil, as follows
"' (r It , m ike out an ab<ur ict of the eti nges, and evi-
th nee and explanations, for and against them, and mark
and file all loi the President —W '
" A pipei marked 39 and 40 by the Department (XXV)
appe us to have been made out entitled'Abstracto! eh irges
and ti stimony in the ease of J VV Reekie**13, collector of
the distil t of Perth Aiuboy.' The document submitted
with the abstract, and it ft ned to therein, appear to have
been as follow  viz William Van Hook's leftei, and the
lettei of James Parker, inclosing it, (I and II,) reierred to
a-* piper A ''
" The abstract of the charges and testimony submitted to
the President is delt i.iive atideironcoui.   In the statement
of the first charge, it mikes no reference whatever to any
testimony taken in its support on the part of the complain
ant.   The evidence of V W Brtuley, Uenjamin Maui ice,
and James Paiker, as to tins charge, was contained in the
: testimony taken at Pert!) Ainhoy, marked C and XV , and
with the exhibit No I,auaciied theieto, completely falsi
fie d the píchense st t up by J  VV Reckless m his statement
(V) for not crediting tin  toninge duty received for the
schooner Pacific    The abstiact icleinng to no evidence in
i support of this chaig", the Piesident decided tint u was
dispioved, whereis, if the u stimonv had been <st\ttd,it
i would h ive hei n found to be fully sustained and punid.
I     l* As to the second chaigi, the assertion of J  W Keck
leB   in his later of J mu iry 23, 18*55, (V,) th it Mi   1>i u-
le> suggested the mode of in iking out the accounts is ev-
pies&ly contiadicted b\ that witness, in the tesiimom t Jit n
at Penh Amboy, (CXV )   'l\\e witness expresslj swears
tint be told Rockies (thu it wis incorrect,'ind pirticu
larlv he sweats ' thit he never miortneu Mr Reckless that
n was the usage of the oifiee to chaise the incidental ek-
' pense, and cover them bv the icccipts of the boatmen of
the revenue boat, it never was done until the unking up
of the accounts for the fourth quarter of 3833, which were
made upm the month of January, 1834; thathe does know
that the boatmen always received the sum specified in their
accounts, until the fourth quarter of 1833; and that during
the time Mr. Parker was collector, the boatmen always ie-
ceived the sum specified in their receipts '
** The President, on tins charge, decided that Mr. Bnnley
acknowledges, on oath, that the manner of Reckless's ac-
counts were made agreeably to the usage of the omce
before he came to it.
" As to the third charge, no testimony was taken by Mr.
Van Hook, and the affidavit of John Arnold, on behalf of
the collector,"(C,) was ex parte, contrary to the instiuc-
tions of the Secretary, and the affidavit prepared b/ coun-
sel, in New York, and afterwards sworn to at Perth Am-
boy.
" Immediately after this decision upon the ease, on the
24th of September, 1835, a letter appears to have been writ-
ten by the Secretary ot the Treasury to the Comptroller,
(XXVIII,) directing him to call upon J. W. Reckless to
make settlement for expenses referred to, which the Comp-
troller (Mr. Anderson) refers to the Register of the Treas-
ury. The answer of the Register not furnishing the requi-
site information, the Comptroller (Joseph Andeison) ap-
pears, oo the 2d of October, 1835, to have written to J. W.
Reckless, (XXIX,) and called upon him for ' a statement
of the incidental expenses included in the boatmen's ac-
counts, which are not, by law, allowable,' &e.
" The letter of J. VV. Reckless, dated Perth Amboy, No-
vember, 1835, (XXX,) incloses an account of items, cov-
ered by boatmen's receipts; and the certificate ot T L.
Smith, Register of the Treasury, (XXXI,) shows that the
sum of #376 41, thus covered by those receipts, has been
pi iced to the debt of the collector, 17th of December, 1835,
as ' amount improperly chai god by the collector as dibbuiso-
ments to boatmen ; $152 96 or the same having been al-
lowed in his account of emoluments ' "
Such is the evidence of Mr. Parker. Mr. Van
Hook testified as follows:
Treasury Depa^tmeht, ¿2prit 15, 1835
Sm: f have to acquaint you, in reply to vour letter of
the 13th instant, that the collector of Perth Amboy, as well
a& > out self, was requested to give notice when about to
t.ike testimony in the case, and none will be received and
considered unless taken in the piesenee of both parties
I am, \ery respectfully, jour obtdient servant,
LEVI WOODBURY",
Secretary of the Tieasury.
Wm. Van Hook, Esq , New York.
" Testimony of William Van Hook.
<c Question by Mr. Wise to Mr. Van Hook Will you please
state all you know respecting certain charges pieterred
a«iiiist Joseph VV Reckless, collector at Pei th At iboy, and
the action of the Treasury Depaitment theieon ?
" Jlnswei by Mr. Van Hook borne time previous to the
month of January, 183o, 1 becameaequauited with the fact
that Joseph VV. Reckless, the collector of Perth Amboy,
New Jersey, had defiauded the Government; and on the 3d
of the same month, I addressed to the Secretary of the
Treasury the letter (No. 1) herewith presented, and which
1 beg may be received as part ot this my ant v\ er, and wlm h
contains the charges m detail On the 26th or 27th of the
same month of January, 1 íeeeived from the Secretary the
letter dated U3d Januar>, (No 7,) covering the answer of Mr.
Reckless (No T>) to the charges My answer to the Secretary
(No. 9)demes the truth of the excuse offered by Mr.Reekless,
and often rig to prove the truth of the chaiges. The Secretary
(in No 13) directs me to tike evidence of the truth of the
chargrs, on notice to Mr Reckless; and I accordingly pro-
c c< ded to take the deposm m, first having given him notice of
the time and place of taking it, at which lime Mr Reckless,
attended by his counsel, G D W ill, Esq , then district at-
torney of the United States for the district of New Jersey,
appeared and cross-examined such witnesses as he pleased.
Tins' testimony is contained in the paper mirked No 15,
and is the deposition ot F VV litinley, Hon. James Parker,
and licnjimin Maurice, and the certificate of the Mayor of
Perth Anibov, and to whit h I beg leave paiticularly to call
the* attention of the committee
u No 32 io a letter from the Secretary to me, stating that
no evich nee will ue laid before the President which I have
not h id the opportunity of being prest nt at the taking of,
md No 21 is tiie deposition of John Arnold, taken ex parte
on the 18th of September, only five da\s btfore the date of
the letter to me communicating the President's decision
'1 his deposition is referred to in the ab^trict of the case laid
Ik loie thePiesidcnt.ot the taking of which I had no knowl-
edge, and which 1 could, I verily believe, at that time have
thoi roved, had I had Any notice of it.
'* t must now call the paitieular attention of the commit-
tee to the abstract laid beiore the President, (No. 21) ) This
abstiact entuely omits all mention of any evidence bearing
on the hrstchaige, and thePresidentdecidesit not proved;
whereas there was not only full and complete evidence oí
the charge, but full proof that the excuse of Mr Reckless
was falee And again . m referring to that abstract, it
will be seen that the same is made out from the ex paite
deposition of young Reckless, rnaiked D, and which I ha1
neverseenor been notified of the taking of. And thii '
done m despite of the Secretary's pledge to me m his lettt
(32 ) And thus all the evidence on the pait of the accus*
laid beiore the President was ex parte, while I was forceu
to take my testimony at my own expense, to give notice,
and then find it «uppiessed "
But, sir, the worst of it all is, that the Presi-
dent or Secretary, or both, were convinced of his
guilt, notwithstanding their decision;for we find
them oidenns; the accused to pay back the moneys
which he had admitted he had falsely chaiged:
Treascry Dlpírtmc^t, Septemhcr 514, 1835
Sir* In compliance with the duection of the President,
refened to m the inclosed copy of a letter addie&sed by this
