¿fc
iS&Bt*btií mmmmbm^mMs>4mm.
[February Í9,
S5ftf!C&irG....3D SESS.
ConMiei ójF tW'2tÉmihíííftítíoiir-^Mr: Kennedy.
Hovof Rfii^S;
pie,.«re háVe^t pa&tf,'á"law prohibiting tñé:
giving df, achaílenge within this Districttb'fig'hV
ajdull. .'Ifowyi''challenge, can be given? only
t)tfotighíta;njeu'i\l'm of wo'ríís spoken or Written,
aiíd may'bé given through words-spoken as well,
ai'through wprtjs written. It follows, then, we
liavé no ebn'stiiutiohal power to^pass'th'é law wé-
h'avg'dohé ftií- "prohibiting challenges within this,
Étisti-íct tofig'h't'a duel, because in doing áo, wé
abridge theTreédom of speefeh! In like manner,
bribery aM corruption are perpetrated through
the, frietiiuth of weirds, spoken or written. No'
law, t&n, pah be passed prohibiting bribery arid
corruption, b'eikuse in doing so you abridge the
freedom of speech'! I will put still anothercase:
cool'd'nqt Congress declare that if any officer of
one of it%court's,iudge, United States attorney,
or íhársh&l, should improperly tamperwith a jury
to íwfluéncé tfieir verdict in a cause, civil or crim-
inal, depending before them, the officer guilty of
such .offense should forfeit 'his office?' -And yet
such tampering would be1 íííróügh the medium of
words, and it might be said that in prohibiting it
ytfil were "abridging the freedom of speech!"
These cases suggest at once the distinction be-
tween the sedition law, the "raw head and bloody
bones" of which have been flourished so dra-
matically before our eyes, and such legislation to
restrain the improper interference of Federal
office-holders with the free electoral rights of the
people, as I have supposed might be found to be
within the limits of our constitutional powers.
In the casé Of the sedition law, it was the "false,
scandalous, and malicious writing," as described
in the'law, the words themselves, which were the
direct and immediate object of legislative restraint;
but in the other cases referred to, it is the act (the
challenging, the bribery, the tampering, the im-
proper interference) which is sought to be re-
strained, and the words are but the mere incident
of casual accompaniment.
But I will not dwell on these things. I throw
them out only for candid consideration. It is no
part of my purpose to argue the constitutional
question which has been raised. The proposi-
tion which 1 shall submit loaves that open for
future and more deliberate investigation. I have
a much higher object in view. I desire to obtain,
in some form or other, a negation, a solemn dis-
avowal, by an act of the Senate, of the most dan-
gerous and anti-republican doctrines of this rc-
Í>ort. A majority of this body, by ordering a
arge number of conies of it to be printed, before
it was duly considered, have given—hastily, I
would fain believe—a sort of implied sanction to
those fatal doctrines. In some way or other, I
trust, that sanction may be revolted. If the doc-
trines of political morality inculcated by this re-
port shall once be recognized and established in
this country, the-days of American liberty are
numbered. Let it be understood and proclaimed
■—as the doctrines of this report, in effect, pro-
claimed—that the public trusts of the nation, won
in the first instance—if the favorite motto of the
" spoils of victory" is to prevail—by party ser-
vility, arc to be retained by electioneering activ-
ity; that partisan service is the required return
for office, as office is to be the reward of partisan
service, and you lay at once the foundation of the
most odious and fatal despotism which the mind
of man can conceive of, a sordid party despot-
ism far worse than a military despotism; because,
though less fatal to human life, it would be infi-
nitely more destructive to human morals, and to
every manly and generous sentiment. Your of-
fice-holders, through all the ranks of venality and
degradation, would be banded together by one
common principle of servility and devotion to
their chief; they would vie with each other only
in the merit and efficiency of their electioneering
services; and amid the din and bustle of the offi-
cial canvass; of committees, caucuses, and con-
ventions, all organized and directed, secretly or
openly, by the agency of office-holders, the voice
of the people would be stifled, or, to use the more
expressive language of Mr. Jefferson, " smoth-
ered by the enormous patronage of the Govern-
ment." You would have your pretonan bands
of office-holders at the Capitol, and your legion-
ary armies of them in the provinces—for your
sovereign States would become dependant prov-
inces—who would dispose of the Presidency as
absolutely as the pre'tórian bands' and legionary
armies of Rome did of the imperial purple.
; The forms of.'ybur government would 'stillbe
preserved; but'of "What avail are tlie forms with-
out the spirit of freegovernment? A high au-
thority, indeed, has told us '"'"that the greatest
masters of tyranny have judged the form without
the spirit of a free governrVient more favorable to
their schemes of Oppression, than all theauthority
that absolutenrona'r'éhy can give." Rome, under
the 'debasing despotism bf the .Caesars, had still
her Senate, and comitia or assemblies of the peo-
ple; public affairs were, for a long time, stilleon-
ducted in the name of the Consul, the Censor,
the Augur,.and the Tribune of the people. The
forms of popular elections were still kept up, and
the Emfieror himself was an elective magistrate.
But the spirit of liberty was extinct. The Sen-
ate was sunk in servility, and the servility of the
Senate at length infected the mass of thepeople.
Warned by these examples, it becomes us to
keep alive in our bosoms that watchful jealousy
.of power and ttíaj sturdy spirit of freedom which
fired the breasts and guided the councils of our
glorious ancestors. The doctrines of political
morality inculcated in this report, I repeat, Mr.
President, are at war with all the Cherished prin-
ciples of our republican fathers; and if they shall
once strike root in our soil, they will be fatal to
the best hopes of American liberty. You have,
hastily and without due consideration, given them
an apparent sanction, at least by ordering an un-
usually large number of copies of the report tobe
printed for dissemination among the people. Let
us now, in some way or other, perform a " sol-
en m lustration," to cleanse ourselves, from-the
contamination of doctrines at once so hateful and
so dangerous. "We can do so in no manner'more
appropriate and more effectual than by a solemn
reaffirmation of the principles of Mr. Jefferson
in the face of this report. With this view I have
prepared a resolution, which, the Senate will per-
ceive, is expressed in the very words of Mr. Jef-
ferson's letter to Governor McKean, and of his
memorable circular, (one of the proudest monu-
ments, in my opinion, of his principles and fame,)
which commits no one on the constitutional ques-
tion that has been raised, but leaves that open for
the deliberate investigation of a committee, and
the future decision of the Senate. I trust, then,
that all who profess themselves disciples of the
Democratic faith will be happy in having this
opportunity afforded them of subscribing their
adhesion to the doctrines of him whom the Sen-
ator from New Jersey himself has styled " the
great apostle of Democracy."
Mr. Rives then submitted the following reso-
lutions:*
Whereas "the constitutional remedy by the elective
principle becomes nothing if it may be smotheied by the
enoimous patronage of the Geuei.il Government: and
whereas, also, " freedom of elections is essential to the
mutual independence of the State and Federal Govern-
ments, and ol the different branches of the same Govern-
ment, so vually cherished by Amencan institutions:"
Resolved, therefore. That, m the opinion of tile Senate,
it is highly " improper for officers depending on the Exec-
utive of the Union to attempt to control or influence the
fiee evorci.se of the elective light "
Resoleeil, also, That measures ought to be adopted by
Congress, so far as their constitutional powers may extend,
lo restrain by law the mteitcrence of Federal officers with
elections, otherwise than by giving their own votes ; and
that the repoitof the Judiciary Committee be committed to
.i select committee, with instructions to new-model it ac-
cording to the punciples declared in the foregoing preamble
and resolutions.
CONDUCT OF THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. P. KENNEDY,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
Februanj 19, 1639.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service for the year 1839 being under
consideration in Commutee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the question being on the
* These resolutions, when subsequently acted on, were ¡1
voted against by all those membeis of the Senate claiming ]
to be the thorough friends of the Administration, and were ¡
consequently rejected by a strict party vote.
amendmentto strike out the appropriation for the
pay ofthe Comrrti'ssroners of the Navy,
Mr. KENNEDY said:
Mr. Cbairííaíi:1 When I obtained the floor at
the close bf the last sitting of the coVrimittee, it
was not my purpose Vo address my remarks par-
ticularly'to the amendment under consideration.
I wished to carry the debate into a wider field,
and to look af-the general'condition of affairs
under the present Administration.
It seemed to me that both the time and the
mode of abolishing the Navy Board, which was
the design of this amendment,' was- singularly
inopportune." The House had neither the inform-
ation proper to its action in this matter, nor the
leisure,so near the end ofthe session, to give the
subject the consideration it deserved. The debate
itself has disclosed the want of accurate knowl-
edge essential to the just determination of (he
question, and has demonstrated, I think, the im-
propriety of acting upon it at the present? time.
It is true great complaints are abroad against the
efficiency of the board, ted opinions unfavorable
to its continuance are entertained, by many judi-
cious persons. I am not insensible to the weight
of these opinions, and incline, in advance of all
inquiry, to think that the duties assigned to the
board might be more advantageously discharged
under individual supervision. As a practical rule,
I would rather intrust to a single head those func-
tions which require much energy and judgment
for their performance, than to any board,-no mat-
ter how intelligent. Still, sir, this is a question
of experience; and I "should' be loth, on the in-
stant, to assail an organization which has been in
existence for twenty years, without the amplest
investigation and advice. 1 am glad to see that
the House has fallen into this opinion. • The res-
olution submitted by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mallory] this morning, and adopted
by the House, referring this question to the Sec-
retary for a formal report at the next session, in-
dicates a design to act only upon full information,
and, for the present, must dispose of the amend-
ment.
I concur, Mr. Chairman, in the remark which
fell from the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] that much of the complaint
which has been raised against the Commissioners
ofthe Navy would, perhaps, upon examination,
be found to lie more justly at the door of the head
ofthe Navy Department—even, perchance, ofthe
President himself. It seldom happens in'a well-
ordered Government that the subordinates fail to
perform their duty when they have an efficient
head. The Navy has been sadly in want of direc-
tion for the last four or five years. No branch
of the Administration has been so much left to
chance, or to the guidance of a feeble hand; and
it is, therefore, not to be wondered that complaints
should be rife against the management of this de-
purtmentof the service throughoutall its branches.
Something, sir, of the common discontent which
is said to exist against the board is due to this
cause.
I still more cordially agree with the remark of
the same honorable gentleman to whom I have
just alluded, that a thorough examination of each
and all of the Departments of the Government
would lead to results eminently beneficial to the
public welfare. Never was there an Administra-
tion, in this country at least, or perhaps in any
other, more likely to reward the toil of those who
should devote themselves to an investigation of its
doings. From the glimpses of abuse with which
we have occasionally been favored, we may infer
a great amount of concealed malversation.
Sir, we know nothing of the real condition of
the Departments but from these glimpses. The
people are permitted to learn only by accident th'«
state of the Administration concerns. Now an"
then some pampered favorite of "the party"-
some conspicuous and much-trusted friend of the
ruling power—perpetrates a larceny and flies—
and the fact, too notorious for concealment, bursts
on the public view; now and then a defaulting
sub-treasurer grows contumacious to the reiterated
supplications and prayers of the Secretary, and
prefers exposure., with its profits, to settlement and
the smiles ofthe chief—and thus, again, the peo-
ple are indulged with a development; now and
then, upon the calls of this House, in flagrant
