1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE COWGRESSIQNAtj ©LOBE.
413
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Conduct of the Adminislration-~-Mr,. Kennedy.
Ho. of Heps.
cases, which not even party hardihood can brave,
some reluctantconfession, beyond the art of strat-
agem to evade, is vouchsafed to the nation—and
we again get glimpses of the truth.
It seems, indeed, sir,to be a premeditated plan
of" the party" in this House to resist, upon va-
rious pretexts, these calls for information touch-
ing the conduct of the Departments in matters
where abuse may be supposed to exist. It is now
six.weeks since I myself—having reason to be-
lieve that some irregularity, at least, some ex-
travagance, perhaps, or some favoritism, existed
in the manner in which the supplies of articles,
not enumerated or reported in the yearly pub-
lished contracts, were furnished to the ditferent
navy-yards—submitted a resolution to call on
the Secretary for information as to the prices at
which these articles had been procured during the
past year. It did not enter into my thoughts,
when I submitted that resolution, to charge any
officer of the Government with intentional abuse.
I knew nothing calculated to awaken suspicion,
except that very extravagant prices were alleged
to have been paid; and 1 did not doubt that the
House, respecting the obvious motive of the call,
and acknowledging Us propriety, would have
treated it as an ordinary movement of sound and
wholesome legislation; that the call would have
been grantedj sir, as a matter of course. Yet it
was refused; not by a direct vote, but by a re-
fusal to suspend the rules, as if the House could
not afford the time from other business for this
¡ight matter. I renewed my motion day after day,
praying the House to grant me this favor. Other
resolutions were taken up and passed by the sus-
pension of the rules almost every morning of the
session; mine was always refused, and refused at
every trial by mere parly votes. I found, very
early, that the proposition excited uneasiness
amongst some prominent friends of the Admin-
istration. I was even informed that, by a private
application to the Secretary, I might procure the
jnforrnatipn \ wished; whilst those who suggested
tnis either voted against my resolution, or refused
to vote at all. Such an opposition to an ordinary
inquiry, as I deemed it, could not but excite sus-
picions against the integrity of, the management
of that branch of service to which it referred.
During the pendency of this question, I have re-
ceived letters from different quarters,.which as-
sure me that great- and flagrant abuse will be
found in the distribution of these unpublished
contracts, whenever the Administration shall be
disposed to favor the people with a knowledge of
its own proceedings.
An honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] has fared no better than myself.
He offered, some days ago, a resolution for in-
quiry into the mode in which supplies are fur-
nished to the army in Florida. He, too, has been
denied that information by a party vote. The
absurd rule that requires two thirds of the House
to .agree to take, up such resolutions for consider-
ation, has, in both of these cases, enabled the
Administration party on this floor, although in a
minority ,Vo frustrate our endeavors to learn some-
thing of the transactions of the Government in the
matters to which they referred. It is apparent
that we may indulge but little hope, during the
present organization of this House, to penetrate
into the secrets of the Administration; but the
time, I would fain believe, is notvery remote when
a searching inspection of this hidden machinery
may no longer be parried by the tactics, of party.
Another year, and this duty will fall into the hands
of, those who, whatever may be. their imputed
want of qualification in other respects, will not
be charged, even by their enemies, with a sus-
pected favor or affection for the delinquents. The
fruits of such an examination cannot be other-
-wise than wholesome.
From this investigation, Mi\ Chairman, when-
ever it shall be undertaken, I atrt not unprepared
to expect the disclosure of flagrant errors and mis-
deeds in the management of the public concerns.
The calm, impartialjudgment of the country rests
with a deep and melancholy consciousness upon
such an expectation; nay, sir, even the friends of
the predominant power itself are alarmed by it,
and writhe under it. The errors of this Adminis-
tration are t}ie necessary products of that state of
thing's which brought it into power.   Its misdo-
ing is not less its misfortune than its fault—attrib-
utable in as large a degree to its want of sagacity
as to its evil inclinations: itis the natural offspring
of INCAPACITY.
It is now just ten. years since the elevation to
the presidential chair of the most remarkable man
of our times; remarkable as much for the intrinsic
properties of his character, as for the singular
good fortune that attended him through life. The
era of his election to the Presidency was once,
called the era- or reform. Some still affect to
call it by that name. To my mind it is chiefly
memorable as the commencement of a great delu-
sion—an imposture conducted with no ordinary
ability, and propagating its principles by troops
of political Islamites as fervent, as obsequious,
and as numerous as the faithful who swarmed be-
neath the grotesque banner of the eastern prophet,
"ten years have gone by since that eventful epoch
—ten long years of various fortune, in which, if
the happiness of the American people has not
been increased, we may confidently affirm that
large and valuable additions have been made to
their experience. The occasion afforded by the
discussions of this committee is appropriate to a
survey of this field qf experience,; and I propose,
sir, chiefly to direct my remarks to that end.
Ño one can forget how peculiarly felicitous to
his own fame, and how eminently favorable to
the hopes of the country were the circumstances
under which General Jackson was first presented
to this nation as a candidate for the Presidency.
The men of the Revolution were gone; the field
was crowded with aspirants; and the capital had
become the seat of numberless intrigues, or—
what was practically the same thing—was sus-
pected to be so. In the perplexity of the public
mind, and its misgivings lest the popular will
should have less to do with the adjustment of this
question than the secret management of leaders,
there was a sudden uprising of the great mass of
the nation to take the selection of the Chief Mag-
istrate out of the hands of the politicians, and
preserve it in their own. They chose their candi-
date in the great military favorite of the day, even
while he himself (it was at that time believed) was
innocent of all thought of such an honor. Gen-
eral Jackson's imputed moderation of political
sentiment; his freedom from party trammels, so
signally proclaimed in that famous correspond-
ence with Mr. Monroe; his extreme lenity and
kindness towards the old Federal party; his un-
bounded personal popularity, founded on merito-
rious military service, his alleged honesty and
directness of character, and his boasted knowledge
of men—all contributed to give him a position of
irresistible command, and to more than compen-
sate for that want of statesmanship and political
science which even his nearest friends admitted.
With these ascribed qualities of character, he ral-
lied around him not only the largest support of
the people, but the aid of the most powerful tal-
ents in the nation. It was said—and no doubt it
was true—that, in the event of his election, he
might have called to the public service a combina-
tion of the greatest ability and influence which
the country afforded.
At that time (I speak of the canvass of 1823-24)
we heard nothing of reform. The country asked
no reform; it needed none. The administration
of Mr. Monroe had given universal satisfaction,
and the people did not doubt the integrity of their
public functionaries.
At the first moment of the defeat of General
Jackson's election in the House of Representa-
tives, opposition was declared against the Admin-
istration that was to succeed—fierce, unsparing,
relentless opposition. It was not directed against
measures, nor even against men; but was a pre-
meditated, foreavowed hostility to each andevery
adherent of that Administration, and to each and
every measure it should propose. Its basis was
the vindication of the alleged violation of the pop-
ular will in the choice that had been made; and
the new incumbent, it was profanely declared in
this Capitol, should be assailed in his adminis-
tration, even though that administration should
be "pureas the angels at the right hand of God."
The opposition, therefore, to Mr. Adams looked
to no reform. Indeed, sir, in point of principle
and policy, the administration of the venerable
gentlemarr who now sits before me was identical
with that of his predecessor. It adopted the same
measures; rested on the same general doctrines;
was, like it, economical, cautious, and concilia-
tory; and was sustained, and even administered,
by almost the same men. What was there in it
to.provoke a zeal for reform ?
Sir, if the nation had desired a reform, it would
not have selected General Jackson. Whatever
grca,t qualities it was usual to ascribe to him, all
would have conceded tint he had neither the cool-
ness of temper, the knowledge, nbi* the experi-
ence essential to the composition of that charac-
ter. Still, however, as the second canvass ap-
proached, it fell in with the views of the party
loaders, that an impression should be made of
something rotten in the State, and through this
opinion to enlist an opposition on the basis of re-
form. With this design, committees were raised
in both Houses of Congress to inquire into abuses.
They made their reports with omiuovts denunci-
ations, and—I think, sir, in view of what has
transpired since, we may now. say—with a ludi-
crous exaggeration of sundry very pitifuj com-
plaints. The search after abuse, notwithstanding
all that was made ofjt at the time, we may.fairly
admit was a distinguished failure. The scheme,
however, served its turn, and Genera] Jackson
was all at once metamorphosed, or rather mag-
nified into the Great Reformer.
This movement accomplished a double purpose.
It spread abroad a false opinion of great corrup-
tion in the existing Government, and offered an
acceptable flattery to the chief. It gave him a
position of peculiar veneration with the people.
His election was heralded as a coming glory—a
mission of political regeneration—and he was
looked upon, in some sort, as,a predestined in-
strument of national blessing. He was proclaimed
" the Reformer," par excellence; and—in' the very
novel and classical phrase of the stump-orators
from Maine to Missouri—came, as a second Her-
cules, to sweep out the great Augean stable' of the
Government. It was then, sir, a favorite thema
to declaim against the abuse of patronage^ and
the servility of the press; we often heard ?*" 'b*
extravagance of the Administration,,and 6f th 
loose supervision of the Treasury. The party
evolutions of that date, the congressional reporui
andsp'eeches,thenewspaperdissertations,all'bea'
evidence to the flood of patriotic and virtuous
horror which burst forth from the bosoms of tha
reformers at the profligacy of the Government,
in adding sixty or eighty thousand dollars to tha
national expenditure, and allowing $1,900 to Mr.
Pleasants for his expenses as bearer of dispatches
to Rio !
In the same tope of feeling, and in accordance
with the design of the authors of the movement,
General Jackson lost no ^ime, after his election,
to communicate the great purport of his newly-
conceived mjssion, with every solemnity which
oflicial authority could throw around it. The
portentous words were spoken in the inaugural
from the portico of this Capitol—
" The recent demonstration of publie sentiment inscribe 
on the list of Executive duties, in characters too legible to
be overlooked, tiie task or befoKm ; which will require
particularly the correction - of those abuses which Have
brought the patronage of the General.Govemment va con-
flict with the freedom of elections, and tb,e counteraction
of those causes winch have disturbed the rightful course of
appointment, and have placed or continued power in un-
faithful or incompetent hands."
Soon after this oracular, and, to the great body
of the country, startling announcement, we were
made acquainted with the specific abuseste which
this pruning-knife of reform was to be chiefly and
most industriously applied. The regular annual
message, at the opening of the first Congress un-
der the new Administration, is full of the grand
design. This paper was matured in an interval
of leisure; it was skillfully and carefully Com-
posed, and may be deemed the authoritative re-
script of reform. It professes to emit the light
wherein the Administration was to walk, and to
lay down the map of its great Working plan. In
thauloaument you shall findithe President's mind
occupied with four prominent reforms, which are
treated as cardinal in the creed of freedom—indis-
pensable to the existence of pure government, not
less than vital to the caqse of republicanism. I
will not stop, sir, to read more than a few pas-
sages from this message"; but I invite members,
