4!4
APPENÍ>l£ tú TOÉ <€fOlf€¡ RfiSSlOMÜ MjÓÉIS,
[February. 19,
2SrítC(*ré....3D Sess.
Üohducfof the Admintstrattoñ-^-Mr. KétiHedj}.
Ho. of R&ps.
at their leisure, to give the whole of it a careful"
perusal.   Its "meditated reforms are,      " '"        '
1. In the mode of electing the President, and
his ineligibility to offiee^-the plan reco'mnrénded,
being to "remove all immediate agency (¡of the
electoral college and- House of Representatives)
in the election of ih'e President and Vice Presi-
dent," and " in "connection with such an amend-
ment-, to limit the service of (he'Cftief Magistrate
to a singlé term of either four or six years.1'
% In the disqualification of members of-.Con-
gress for office, at the appointment of the Presi-
dent, in Whose election they may have been offi-
cially concerned.   '
3.  In the principle of appointing to office, in
the language of the message, " solely for the ben-'
efit of the people," and, "by a general extension
of the law "which limits appointments to four
years," to lessen the liability of encumbering the
Government with men who cannot, " for any
length of time, enjoy office and power without-
being more or less under the influence of feelings
unfavorable to the faithful discharge of the public
duties;" and
4.  To establish a strict accountability in the
public servants, and a rigid supervision of the
Treasury; in reference to which the attention of
Congress! was invited tcr the inquiry as to " what
offices might be dispensed with, what expenses
retrenched, and What improvements might he
made in the organization of, its various parts, to
secure the proper responsibility of public agents,
and promote efficiency and justice in all its oper-
ations."
Now, sir, there is the chart of refor,m. Good
and wholesome reforms, Mr. Chairman, each
and all of them ! I supported them then: 1 would
support them now. The whole nation—I mean
the whole body of the governed, as distinguished
from those who govern—would have sustained
these improvements or changes at that day, as I
have.no doubt they would at this, if the proposi-
tion were submitted to them.
Well, sir, what became of all these amendments
in our domestic polity ? Ten years have passed
over, and during all that time the reformers have
had unlimited control of the Government. Is
there a man on this floor who will say that. Gen-
eral Jackson could not have carried anyVieasure
that he deemed essential to the honor and glory
of his administration, or to the welfare of the na-
tion ? Did he want power to achieve his plans
of administration ? Was he not backed by his
friends—ay, and by the large majorities of the
country—in whatever scheme he indulged for
the public good ? Was not his honor, his faith,
his reputation, pledged to these reforms' "Was
he not glorified by all his banded presses when
he proposed them? Turn to the newspapers of
December, 1829, and read how, from city to city,
village to village, to every hamlet and cabin, the
tide of gratulation and panegyric rolled forward
to the magnifying of the Great Reformer. Now,
sir, of these four conspicuous, cardinal reform-
ations, which was achieved ?   Not one—not one !
Achieved! not only were they not achieved, but
the whole current of the President's power, all
his practice, his precept, his policy, from Alpha
to Omega, set directly, and of deliberation afore-
thought, against this whole scheme of reform. He
was not merely indifferent to it, careless in en-
forcing it, sluggish or preoccupied with other mat-
ter, but he grew to be, in a very brief space of
time, distinctly and actively hostile to it. He
wrought no change in the mode of electing the
President; and so far from limiting his service to
a single term, (which he might have done as effi-
ciently by example as by law,) he actually elec-
tioneered through the country for a second choice;
and, if report be true, as I believe it is, franked
with his own hand the letter of his own secretary
soliciting his rcnomination to the Presidency from
the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
Holding Executive favor, as he did, to be so
unfriendly to the freeand faithful discbarge of the
duty of the representative, he might at least have
been sparing in the selection of members of Con-
gress for office. And yet, sir, upon an enumera-
tion of his appointments, it will be found that no
President had ever dealt so largely in the stock
of corruption. Nay, sir, I think I am warranted
in saying (I have not cast it up arithmetically)
that General Jackson raised morémembers of Con-
gress to office than all the Presidents before him'
together had done since the ad option-of the Con-
stitution.
Then,as to his pretended reform Of theprinciple
of appointment; and his doctriné that office was
to be filled solely for the common good; public
employment became, under his auspices, notori-
ously the mere prize of'party service. Never ,:until
General Jackson's day, did partisan effrontery rise
into such matchless contempt of the decencies of
public observance'as to make open proclamation
that office wias the spoil of victory, and belonged
of right to'the conquerors. Never, until his day,
was the 'Post'OfKce,with its countless servitors^'
seized upon as the instrument of political-success."'
Yet,he didit without a blush,1 and has turned'iÉá
whole ,'ajrtiller'y back upon the people to batter,
down their independence. He would have doné
the samewith the bank," t¡ut that he'found that
citadel too strong to be assailed, and too firm tó
be seduced; to which fact may be traced that ma-
lignant and absurd war which constitutes both the
chief exploit and deepest disgrace of his adminis-
tration.
His greater accountability of the public ser-
vants, bis guardianship of the public treasure—
what'are they ? A jest. The Treasury has been
almost emptied by the larcenies of the chief minis-
ters of the law; and at this day the friends of the
men in power are heaping upon our tables piles
of bills to'guard thern against the felonies of their
political brethren, vainly attempting to cast upon
the law the irregularities that have grown out of
their neglect, or their incapacity to administer it.
Thus'ends this farce of reform? It has sunk
into insignificance; it has left no memory behind
it but that of a hypocritical and wicked fraud—k
trick of imposture—a thing to juggle with.' As a
scheme of amendment, it was'a ridiculou's abor-
tion; a  a device of party tactics, it was below
contempt. The august patron of .pure govern-
ment, the conservator of the public morals, the
predestined and foreannounced reformer of a
backsliding generation, has been overmatched by
the seductions of Satan, and has fallen into com-
munion with the unclean thing. He has even
trafficked in the great and the small iniquities
which he came to denounce.
Mr. Chairman, whilst, from this view of the
movement to. which I have referred, it is evident
that General Jackson has been singularly unlucky
as a reformer, I will not deny to him a reputation
quite as prominent, and infinitely more mischiev-
ous—that of an innovator; for innovator he was,
in the broadest and worst sense.
His administration was one of ceaseless
change: change, sometimes stealing along in
noiseless advance, sometimes buisting forth in
bold, open-day achievement; one while sweeping
with the breath of spring, at another with the
rage and havoc of the tornado. We had ever
change of men, change of measures, change of
principles. The pervading characteristic of that
most anomalous and extraordinary administra-
tion was mutation—uncertainty—experiment. It
lived in perpetual motion, defying all hope of
repose; it rejoiced in turmoil, and reveled in par-
adox. Those who followed it were forever igno-
rant of their whereabout; they knew no rest for
the soles of their feet; they traveled over quick-
sands. The idea of political consistency never
entered the President's head; he had no percep-
tion of the meaning of the term. His idol was
his popularity, and whatever sustained that con-
stituted the theory of his conduct. It was his
boast, his glory, his perpetual aim. His dream
was popularity, his motive was popularity, his
defense was popularity. Not that popularity
which submissively trails after the public will,
and humbly essays to do the public bidding; nor
that nobler motive which studies the country's
good, and, by an assiduous devotion to the duties
of station, seeks the applause of its own con-
science and the approbation of virtuous men; but
a domineering, wayward, arrogant popularity—
an impatient, hectoring assumption of the right
to lead, which repudiates all law, despises all ob-
servance, and maintains its supremacy by per-
sonal and party force.
In General Jackson, his popularity was the
means by which he increased his power; and his [
power was used, in- turn, to enlarge his popular-
ity. With consummate skill (for I do not deny
to him great foresight and management) he turned
all the resources of his position to the strength-
ening of this, his most cherished attribute. The
very boldness of his designs seemed to fascinate
the public admiration: he dazzled the popular
mind by that fearlessness which we were, for a
time, accustomed to interpret as a proof ofhis
honesty and uprightness of purpose.- Least df^xlt
r/ien, was he suspected of dissimulation; and yet
I am persuaded a more skillful dissembler never"
occupied high station in our country: He flat*
tered the -people with the address of -a practiced
courtier, startled' and amused them by the thun-
derclaps of-his policy, identified'his-success with
the gratification of their favorite paissions, grap-
pled himself with wonderful adroitness to the
predominant sentiments,'wishes, and prejudices.
Of the great and1 massive majority, and became a"
monarch, anaútócrat, by th'e'sheer'concentration
of'repubtican suffrage.                       t      "  '   •
This power he wielded with a stern and inex-
orable temper of proscription 'against all who did
not bow down' td his authority, and worship him
as the embodiment, the incarnation, of the pop-
ular sovereignty. He was the fountain of honor,
the arbiter of disgrace, holding the political for-
tunes and hopes of his followers at his own ca-
pricious disposal. The most indulgent of friends,
the most ruthless of enemies, there was no delin-
quency of the one that he could not overlook;
there was no offense in the other 'so trivial that;
when occasion offered, he would not visit it with
vindictive punishment. He who could not only
tolerate, but sustain, protect, and reward the
troopsof greedy parasites, the defaulters, the pub-
lic plunderers, that thronged his hall in the guise
of friends—men, some of whom were notorious for
the derangement of their official accounts; couldj
nevertheless, pursue with unprecedented animos-
ity an unwary.trespasser uponuhe Government
treasure—a small defaulter of some three thou-
sand dollars—and, for years, delight himself with
the sufferings of his victim. He could continue
to heap upon this man fresh indignity, disgrace,
and pain, even beyond a rigorous judicial sen-
tence, until the humanity of the nation at last re-
volted, and cried out, " for shame !" This could
he do, because the unfortunate subject of his
wrath had, in an evil hour, ventured to exercise
the privilege of a free citizen, and express, in a
public journal, his disapprobation of the meas-
ures, and his doubts of the political integrity of
the imperial republican chief.
With such a temper, and such power in the Ex-
ecutive, what considerate citizen of this land had
not motive to pause, and look with distrust and
fear to the future ? Sir, the events that have taken
place under that rule have fully justified the worst
forebodings of those who watched itsprogress. A
great and vicious revolution was accomplished in
the character of this Government—one which shall
render the name of its author forever-famous in
our annals.
General Jackson's first term was occupied in
the practice of those arts by which his popularity
was extended and confirmed. Itwas a period of
preparation and marshaling of forces. No one
who reads the history of that period, in the Ex-
ecutive communications and in the official, press
commentaries of the day, will fail to be struck
with the extreme profession of reverence for the
popular will which everywhere speaks in the lan-
guage or breathes in the spirit of-these emana-
tions from the Chief Magistrate. Some such
declaration's as the following ever meet the eye in
the perusal of these papers:
" I regard an appeal to the source of power, in all cases
of re.il doubt, and when its exercise is deemed indispensa-
ble to the general welfare, as amongst the most sacred of
all obligations."— Message of 1829.
'■ Í know no tribunal to winch a public man in this coun-
tiy, in a ease of doubtand difficulty, can appeal with greater
advantase or moie propriety than the judgment of the peo-
ple."— Message of 1831).
The frequent reiteration of such sendmenfs
could not but inspire confidence and trust in the
Executive amongst all those, especially, whose
preconceived opinion of the President's upright-
ness prepared them to indulge the kindest feel-
ings towards his success. This constant recur-
rence to the source of power was a gentle flattery,
