4!S                                      ,i|PP^P?i^.'^^;SgfP)^§^(^^^pV^I?-rp.fc08E.                        [February^
^§flB"QflN.€M>i'3D Sess.
or assumedthis rjghttQ e&ercise, without hesitar
tioR.i He. ex pressed) his. witUngness,.tQ.ehartera
xiatiortal bank;:ond would, bays dqne, so, as.be
declared, i£tbe ¡plan had beencopfprmabletQ.cer-
tain views w¡hieh-.he. disclosed; h.e sjgfleoí.bills f<?r
internal improvements; be constantly used tlte
Yeto, )? mere questions of expediency., where no
isonstitutional objection was, pretended; he has
-heid back * W.l fVcmvCongrgss, when .(.wo thirds
of-e&ctvtióuse, would'have YOt#d fo$ it; in the
oaSe-fí!li!e.spepie'OÍrcv<lftrl,he;refiased,tip returrj the
biH •ajip^eiber; he'ha3.ap,p,oin,t¿ed to office,-aftel-
áis, aflmujee.has been rejected-by the 'Seriate; be
r-eaioved. the deposits upon- ft.plexof constitutional
rtSponsibiUty, when the officer to whom the law
specialty intrusted them had refused; he has denied
to Cpfigjiess.th* right to inspect the De,|>artments,
Uttlesythaün.speettan were directed, to previously
specified:charges of abuse. I do not pretend to
Bay, Mr , Chairman, *«' some of the powers to
ytliifik diese acts, refer may not be lawfully and
li$fle&c¡ftUy exercised by the Executive—1 believe
they may„sir-i-but every one will admit that they
majf,be «U ranked amongst that class of doubtful
powers upon which great, c.ontiariety of opinion
has existed in this country; and I allude to t|ie
action of the late President in reference to them,
only by way of contrast between his profession
Slid bis practice,and to show how little scrupulous
he was as. to .constitutional testraints, when it
jsuited Jus purpose to transcend them.
. The!,adoption, Mr. Chairman, of such princi-
ple^ as I haye described, and the administration
of the Government in accordance with tbem,,'are
eltogetlieriiufficient to explain any amount of of-
cjal.delinquency which has been, or may hereaf-
ter be, discovered. Such a system, by convert-
ing the.powers of .the Government into a party
engine, could not fail to breed upan army of par-
tisan realms, such as we have seen—rude, rapa-
cious, and selfish. It could not fail to lower the
estimate of ,-public virtue, to debauch, the public
moraja, and to fill the land with greedy hunters
after " the spoils." It could not fail to engender
nosts of demagogues, of every order and degree
—from the fustian ranter at a tippling shop, up
to the all-sufficient oracle of Jacobin philosophy
in the Senate—or to the more shrewd and cunning
fomenter pf base prejudices and passions in the
Cabinet. Yes, sir, even higher still—to the pop-
ularity-engrossing chief himself. It has already
done all tins, and moie. The favor of Govern-
ment has become a prize ,to be won by adulation
and compliance, and, as a necessary consequence,
the meanest man ever bears away the reward.
Public office is to be obtained only by that sub-
serviency which no honorable -man can conde-
scend to yield; it therefore inevitably falls into the
hands of the worst. Good men fly from the as-
sociation of the Executive. Sir, His remarka-
ble that General Jackson's administration could
never retain aboutit men of preeminent ability; it
was not their sphere. T|iey fled from it in squad-
rons. Even ihe ties of friendly association in the
Cabinet could not be preserved beyond a year at
a time. President Jackson madeas many ghosts
as Richard:
-----------------" where is Olaience?
Where i-s the gentle Riveis, Vaughan, Gray f
Where the kind Hastings ?"
I may ask, where is Berrien, Branch, Ingham ?
Where Duane, McLane, and other early friends
of the chief? Gone, sir ! immolated by that spirit
which endured no free opinion. Not only from
the presence of the chief himself did they fly, but
in every department of the service the talent of
the nation deserted him. From the earliest era
of that rule, down to the present day, every elec-
tion has successively lowered the scale of ability
by which the reigning power is sustained; until,
at last, it is apparent that the party in possession
of the Government is soon likely to be without that
modicum of talent which, even at this moment,
so scantily suffices for the small vindication, on
this floor, of as own small meiits.
Sir, the baleful influence of the last Adminis-
tration was not confined to the character of the
public men wiih which it was surrounded; it
might be traced through almost every department !
of society. We lived in the midst of convulsions.
The public taste was vitiated and fed by the
stimuius.of constantly recurring political erup-
oJ^l£^J^fí^0f^n-r-^^eK
lions; it delighted in staange eonjuncturss-^tho
heavihgs and spasms of. that caprieipus power
which displayed itsejf in such fantastic action at
the capital, -A- spi'rit..of insubordination, of mis-
rule, and riot became diffused through the com-
munity. Wild and visionwy theories of political
duty were disseminated abroad, and showed them-
selves in the níost mischievous-forms in'the pro-
ceedings' of the State Leglsláírtres. The most
abstruse' and difficultflrebléms'of political econ-í
only—questions of. cufrentíyv finance, cbhstitu-
tionaf poyter—were sutfimatily but mostauth<SrÍ7
tatively disposed of by the shallowest pretenders
to statesmanship; and the oldest ;and best insti-
tutions of the country attacked and beaten, down
by political charlatans. Knowledge, deliberation,
experience, all were obliged to give way to this
newly-inspired intuition; and the greatest pains
werte taken by party leaders and demsfgogiiesto
deceive the pebpk'irtto the belief ¿harthe pro-
fourfdest questions of government might be" con-
signed to the decision of men of the lowest scale
of qualification in political seiertce. A'broadand
odious line of distinction was drawh-between the
rich and the poor; and where mutual dependence
and interest should have engendered kind feel-
ings, harmony, and brotherhood, the seeds of
ill-will a;nd hatred'were deeply" sown.
In obedience to the same influence, the Gov-
ernment press became a mere engine of slander—
the' fabricator of palpable and gross falsehood.
Everything that transpired in the Government
was distorted by its light. What, in its vocab-
ulary, was called public opinion, was but the re-
verberation of its own false clamor. The people
were systematically abused, cheated, and betrayed
by its monstrous counterfeits—-juggled and duped
by the type fiend. The coherence of " the party"
required an organized plan of misrepresentation;
the existence of the. Administration icquired it.
It had risen by it, and was maintained by it. It
could not have subsisted a month if the people
could have heard the truth. It would have with-
ered in the light and crumbled into dust. The
whole atmosphere in which it breathed Was false;
the element upon which it lived was deception;
its popularity, its power, its duration, depended
on the essential condition of blinding the people.
It lived and moved and had its being in the uni-
versal, inextinguishable, everlasting lie.
Whilst this was the action of that Administra-
tion upon the morals of the nation, its measuies
were no less physically hurtful to the public in-
terest. They were hurtful from the same causes
that rendered its principles vicious. They were
everdictated by selfish passion, and characterized
by that domineering temper which I have before
described as the distinctive impulse of the Ad-
ministration.
The President's vanity and thirst for applause
rendered him eagerly and rashly precipitate to
pay off the public debt. All other interests were
compelled to give place to the achievement of the
glory of wiping away that debt during the term
of his political supremacy.
His hatred, or, rather, his defiance and impa-
tience, of the fame of one man, (Mr. Biddle,)
caused him to make war upon the bank.
His personal animosity to another distinguished
individual (Mr. Clay) induced him to veto the
land bill.
To these three measures, proceeding from the
egotism and vain-gloriousness of the President,
may be traced the chief maladies of the, times.
To them may be traced, in succession, the over-
throw of internal improvements, the accumula-
tion of the surplus, the distribution, the paper
system, the hard-money experiment, the suspen-
sion, the wide-spread bankruptcy, and, finally,
the enormous and unexampled peculation upon
the public treasure.
I do not stop, sir, to expatiate upon the se-
quence of these events, nor to indicate more mi-
nutely their connection with each other, and with
the leading measures to which I have referred
them. I am sure, now that we may calmly look
back to the whole train of our past disasters, the
impartial judgment of the country will be at no
loss to assign them to the causes 1 have enumer-
ated. They will be ever accounted, sir, by there-
fleeting portion of our citizens, the bitter fruits of
Jacksomsm.
.; Ha,..fiFiR$rs>
; When General Jackson came into power, he
found every interest in thexbuntry,prosperous'!
when he departed,., he "left every interest at'its
lowest ebb. In'the first era, our systems of policy
had been matured, and w,ere in wholesome exer-
cises agriculture, commerce; and manufactures
were all thriving; the currency was of unexam-
pled soundness and value; the revenues were
graduaUy.jucreasing; the debt was provided for;
the¡improverijenis. in the, surface .of the.country
were advancing at a steady ¿wd wholesome pace;
the Government was economical, and its,foreign,
relations uppn. the most secure and honorable
footing. 1 will not attempt to contrast that state
of the nation with the.present; 1 will only say
that General. Jackson', reversing the boast of the
Roman Emperor, might have exclaimed, at his
departure from.Jhe. capital, " Ifourjd Jkim^.rriari
ble, and I bav¡e'left it briclj,." . . ,' ... ; i
Still, sir,'! desire to. da. the,late President jus-
tice in one-particular in. which! mlght.be misap-
prehended. - .In t]\e,management oftthe foreign
affairs of this Government,,! am .prepared to pay
a tribute of praise to his energy. In that branch.
of the public concerns, he is entitled to'ali the ap-
plause he has ever received. The very qualities
of character which* rendered him dangerous at
home, furnished him the-means ofsuccess.in the
disposal of our affairs abroad. Tbat imperious
temper winch despised the limits of republican
rule, admirablyhtted him to cope with monarchs,
and transfused into his foreign negotiations the
vigor that crowned them with success.
In the hasty glance, Mr. Chairman, which J
have taken of the principles and policy of the last
Presidency, my aim has been to bring to the con^
temptation of the, committee the singularly un-
i hnppy auspices under which the existing Chief
Magistrate came into power. , It was the great
misfortune of ¡Vír. Van Bui-en to succeed to a di-
lapidated inheritance; and that misfortune was
most fatally aggravated by the'extraordinary il-
lusion of national prosperity which, at the mo-
ment of ihe departure of his predecessor, and of
his own accession, haunted and bewildered, the
imagination of both. Sir, I have seldom read in
history of such remarkable self-deception, such
wonderful blindness to the signs of approaching
disaster, as at that mQitienJ characterized .the two
illustrious individuals t'oi whom 1 have'altuded.,'
Pei mit me, sir, to read trie parting'words of "Gen-
eral Jackson, on the 3d of March, 1837, and the
greeting declaration of Mr. Van Bureh.on the fol-
lowing day:                                           •"
■ " My life has been a long one, and I cannot hope that it
has, at all times, been free ot errors. " Bui I have the con-
sol, uion of knowing, that if mistakes have been committed,
they have not seiiously injured the country I so anxiously
endeavoied to servje ;.and, at tiie moment when 1 surren-
der my last public ttust., I leave this great people prosper-
ous and happy."—Farewell Add* e^s.
On the 4th of March the successor spoke in this
strain:
" Aliroad we enjoy th« respect, and, with scarcely an.exr
ccption, the Oiend-hip of every nation. At home, while
our Government quietly but efficiently'performs'the sole
legitimate end of political institutions, in doingthe greatest
good, to the greatest number, we present aa aggregate of
human pnxspentv surely not elsewhere to be found."—In?
uugural of Mr, Vari Burén.   '
Sir, at the very moment when these self-gratrjr
lating-gentlemen were vaunting, in such proud
phrase, of the nation's happiness, the deep thun-
der of the coming earthquake was already mut-
tering beneath their feet.   The retiring chief had
scarcely reached the Hermitage, the complacent
successor had scarcely been domesticated under
the r.oof of the palace, before the great doom
broke over the land, and scattered dismay from
our remotest confine to the center.   The Presi-
dent saw every vestige of the illusion vanish in
an instant, and that couch of roses, upon which
he had so confidently hoped to lie down, became
a bed of thorns.    Amidst the crash of the cur-
rency, the insolvency of the Government, and the
general distress and wailing of thepeople,almoet
; his first act of authority was to summon Congress
', to his aid. , They came here, sir, but to bear tes-
; timony to the wide-spread havoc of the storm.
■ The President met them in humbleness of heart,
I in grief and dismay; he implored a hand to help;
j he sought consolation where there was none to
be found—upon the bosom of his party.   The
I party had lost its power.
