US                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                 [Februaiy 19, 1839.
25tb Cong....3d Sess.
Conduct of the Administration—Mr. Kenned
diet it Will not be long before he will find himself
in the condition of that unlucky corps of dragoons
who, after the battle of the Boyne, were sum-
moned before the inspector—a summons that was
truly answered by " Here I aro, your honor"—
a single man being all that had survived.
It was another trick of party, Mr Chairman,
when the cohesion of the friends of the Adminis-
tration began to give way, to seek for some new
name by which the forces might be rallied. The
characteristic principlesand measures of the party
having become distasteful to the nation, it was in
the emergencey of self-preservation that it looked
around for some appellative which might be sub-
stituted in the place of a meritorious but unattain-
able distinction Until the moment of Geneial
Jackson's retirement, the party was his party. It
followed him through all his fancies—liked what
he liked—opposed what he opposed. It was per-
sonal to him, and derived its strength from his
popularity. When he withdrew, it, of necessity,
was destined soon to lose its character as a Jack-
son party—although that name, even yet, has
magic in it to rally its myrmidons, many a vote
is yet given for no better reason than that the
hickory tiee is engraved upon the ballot Still,
sir, with the depaitureof General Jackson to pri-
vate life, the Jackson party was destined to de-
cay. There could be no Van Bui en party That
never was a name to conime with.
posed on and betrayed, can have no sentiments
hostile to the gcjod of the country They are
neither office holders nor office-seekers. Their
interests all look to the establishment of order,
security, and honest administration Their aim
is the honor and happiness of the nation, and if
their exertions do not promote these ends, it is
only because they are not permitted to know the
truth regarding the past conduct or future designs
of their servants. 1 feel assured that, let the men
in power assume what name they may, the virtue,
good sense, and keen sight of the nation will not
be imposed upon by these nlotley creeds of the
day, even though those who profess them assume
a title once honored in the public affections.
Charlatanry is fast flying before the public re-
buke, and is dropping its garments, one by one,
in its flight. Sound opinion, rendered more vig-
orous from its long sleep, and more eager to do
its duty from a consciousness of having been ím-
Fosed on, is rousing up to its appropriate office.
t is going forth to gather the people for the holy
warfare, devoted to the purification of the na-
tional halls, and the restitution of our ancient
honor. In the tide of that warfare " like reeds
before the tempest's frown," we shall see this
host of spurious statesmen, and abject followers,
and spoil-seeking patriots, laid low. When that
consummation is won, the nation will rejoice with
an exceeding lov.    The oldest man amongst us.
support have given,to that party machine; not
even its practiced and subtle spirit of misrepre-
sentation, is competent to cast an air of plausi-
bility over this shallow trick. It is the flimsiest,
the baldest invention that ever came from the
cudgeled brains of " your scurvy politician "
What honest man can look at the elections which
have recently taken place in the North and West,
and acquaint himself with the sentiments of the
several candidates on this abolition question, and
then say, as the Globe has said, that no Demo-
crat (as that truthful paper styles its friends) is
found an Abolitionist' How tolerant is "the
organ" and its patrons of the eccentricities of
" the Democrats" on this subject' How kindly
does it digest the ultra anti-slavery indignation
of Messrs. Morton and Rantoul, and Alexander
Everett and Bancroft, in the North; of Messrs.
Moms andTappan, and the member from Cin-
cinnati, in the West'
Sir, it needs no ghost to make us acquainted
with the paternity and drift of this plot. In the
sub-Treasury bill of this session—if the party
should have courage to take it up—it is well un-
derstood that no specie clause may hope for the
favor of the House, that, sir, is to be abandoned
perforce. The Administration cannot limp along
with such a burden on the bill. Now, su, a cer-
tain great oracle has declared that this sub-Tieas-
ury scheme, without the specie clause, is a mere
farce. Upon the faith of that clause alone rested,
until now, the fealty of a suddenly-converted
State to the Administration. Strike it out, sir,
and what holds South Carolina to the worship of
her strange gods> What but this pretext of the
alliance of the Whigs with the Abolitionists ' Foi
then once it was found expedient that the north-
ern man should be imbued with southern prin-
ciples; the institutions of the South weie to be
declared in danger from the Whigs; great appre-
hensions were to be awakened amongst the south-
ern people. All this, sir, was the shabby in-
vention in which was to be found motive for the
fabrication of a new bond of union between the
disappointed specie-elause-sub-Treasuryites and
the Administration. Then,another northern man,
with southern principles, was to be manufactured
out of a New Hampshire Representative, and he
arid his comrades were to sacrifice their aboli-
tionism on the altar of their party, and come to
the rescue. There, sir, is the whole play' It
has been acted out exactly as it was set down
The resolutions against the slavei y petitions have
been offered by the North, and South Caiohna is
bound in eternal giatitude to this Administration '
The farce was gravely and discreetly rehearsed,
and is hereafter to be played again before the
nation I commend to the actor's in this enter-
tainment Nic Bottom's advice-
" Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves To
bring in (God shield us') a lion amongst ladies is a most
dreadful thing, for, there is not a more fearful wild fowl
than your lion living, and we ought to look to it '*
There is but one expedient, sir, left to us Whigs
in the sad dilemma, which the alaims of our
southern friends may bring us into—when this
lion comes upon the stage, we shall follow the
honest weaver's counsel,and "name his name, and
say, plainly, he is no lion, but Snug, the joiner "
After all, I do not fear much fiom this foi mid-
able plot Let the southern leader wind his hoin
and summon his lieges to this, enterpnse1 Let
him lead the van, if it please him, now     I pre-
It was, therefore, deemed a lucky thought when
some central conclave of political managers re-
solved to change the badge from Jackson to " the
Democracy " I will not dispute their right to
the name; all the world knows how little signifi-
cation, as indicative of principles, it carries with
it No man can be deceived out of the knowl-
edge that those who profess now to be the "ex-
clusive Democrats" have veered round the whole.
compass of opinion, and alternately vindicated
and vilified every prominent measure of policy
which the last ten years have brought into view
No man can be blind to the fact that the standard _
tenet of this new-hatched Demociacy is to go for
the greatest share of spoil to the greatest number
of person"), and to render fealty to the party for
a consideration No man can affect to believe
that conscientious opinion, as to the country's
good, forms any element in the oigamzation of
the array. I advert to it only to express my
conviction that the name has been chosen with a
singular disregard to the feelings of some of its
principal leaders I can point out individuals in
those ranks who, but a few years gone by, would
not have more promptly resented any insult than
to be called " a Democrat." And I can show,
too, (in my own State especially,) a phalanx of
ardent fuends of the luling power—prime, ac-
credited leaders of the faithful—who even yet have
not overcome an involuntary habit of wincing at
the name. And although such friends may, in
time, perhaps be able to avow their new distinc-
tion without a blush, I think they may scarcely
be brought, by the force of discipline, to do that
necessary seivice which the name exacts—of pro-
scribing and denouncing an opponent as a " Fed-
eralist."
Mr Chairman, I care not for these new tactics
of the adveisaiy I think, sir, the public affairs
have fallen into that condition in which no strat-
agem can have power to avei t the íeckoning which
the people will exact from their goveinois The
people, however much Jiey may have been lm
Ho. ow Reps.
sir, may yetfhvé to take his part in that jubilee.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I will say but a
few words. Whether the late Administration
existed for good or for evil, is a problem that is
soon to be determined. Never has popular gov-
ernmentbeen subjected to a severer test. We have
gone through the proof ordeal; it may not recur
again in a century—perhaps, forever. We may
rejoice, sir, that the nation survives that shock—
not only survives, but that a healthful reaction is
in progress, which must ultimately establish, on
the securest foundation, the liberty derived from
the forms of our social alliance.
In the last ten years, we have seen the repub-
lican principle diiven into the confines of actual
despotism, the aggregate power of the people has
been made subseivient to the accomplishment of
individual will; the Constitution, under plausible
pretexts, has been superseded by a law more con-
genial to the purposes of party anangement; its
landmarks have been transcended, its precepts
disobeyed, for the sake of achieving the purposes
of the day Many of our institutions have been
assailed, someof the most valuable battered down,
and all disparaged in the popular esteem. Yet
still the tempest has passed over, and, in the re-
vival of the shattered prosperity of the land, the
nation hastens back to its primitive republican
doctrines with an earnestness and a zeal that as-
sure us we shall, at least, turn our chastisement
to a righteous use The cause of free govern-
ment has gained stiength by the aberrations into
which it has been betrayed. Contrition is the
parent of amendment, and past suffering the source
of future security To my view, the return to
sound pnnciples, the reaction of the integrity of
the nation, is certain in its march,and piesents a
most grateful exhibition of the innate stiength of
our people May it go on, sir, until it restore all
that we have lost in our late conflicts with power,
and place this nation upon that eminence where
all may see her, the first and best assured among
the free communities of the world.
\
