
requirements you can rely on being protected by the United States Government. Any proposition you may desire to make will be cheerfully forwarded by me to my commanding officer at New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES.

Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 8, 1864

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a letter received by me from the commander of the French forces at Bagdad, also my reply to the same, in order that they may be considered at the same time with my report concerning the matter alluded to in each.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago, Tex.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF FRENCH FORCES.

Bagdad, Mexico, September 7, 1864.

[Colonel H. M. DAY:]

COLONEL: Yesterday, the 6th of September, the hostile forces of General Cortina displayed themselves before our lines and made a feint to attack the place which we hold. General Cortina, who knows the march of our several columns made against him, managed to move without our knowledge, and, with your powerful aid, succeeded in passing his troops to your side of the river with arms and baggage. The first squadrons of cavalry afforded you immediate aid to fight the Confederates. This morning the passage of all these forces being effected, you gave them provisions; all that they wanted. According to these facts and according to the law of nations, which no one can distrust, I am bound to consider the forces of General Cortina as troops belonging to the United States Government, which Government now holds the responsibility for their future conduct. In any enterprise I might undertake I must be certain not to encounter them on my road, either now or later. If, perchance, colonel, you have some objections to propose to the view I have of the matter, be so good, colonel, as to make them known as soon as possible. With this intention I send you Captain Visconti, my aide-de-camp. The United States and France have been too long friendly allies for any uneasy or hostile feeling to be produced between them. Please to accept, colonel, the assurance of my most distinguished consideration.

A. VERON,

Commander French Forces, Bagdad, Mexico.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 8, 1864

COMMANDER OF THE FRENCH FORCES,

Bagdad, Mexico;

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated September 7, 1864, from the hands of Captain Visconti. In reply I would respectfully state that you are laboring under an error with regard to the forces of General Cortina receiving provisions from

