
sustained some damage-a good many men and horse wounded and some killed. My own horse is severely wounded. The enemy are about 1,000 or 1,500 strong, with three pieces of artillery. The have not used their artillery, however. This I obtain from intelligent citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-As I do not know General Shelby's whereabouts, I am compelled to communicate with him through you.
HEADQUARTERS JACKMAN'S BRIGADE,In the Saddle, One Mile North of Saline Creek Bridge,

October 11, 1864-11 p.m.

Major MACLEAN:

SIR: In obedience to orders from General Shelby, I moved in the direction of the main Boonville and Tipton road, and reached it at a point about three miles south of Boonville about 5 or 5.30 p.m. there I found the enemy falling back in the direction of Tipton. A deep and abrupt wash running between me and the enemy prevented me from reaching the road in time to make an energetic pursuit, but making my way finally I set out after the enemy and followed him to the Saline or Petite Saline Creek. I drove his pickets across the stream, but felt it imprudent to follow, as the creek could only be crossed on the bridge and the enemy were encamped in force on the other side. The citizens report that the force retreating on this road is 1,000 or 1,500 strong. I think from what I saw of their line and column that the estimate is correct. About 200 went down the lower Tipton road about 5 p.m. I heard heavy musketry to the right after dark. I have sent a scout to Shelby, and being uncertain as to the disposition of the enemy's force, I have determined to await at this place for orders or remain until morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I should like very much to know the result of the engagement this afternoon, and whether the Federals are retreating, and trust that you may see proper to inform me.

[OCTOBER 12, 1864.-For General Orders, No. 81, Trans-Mississippi Department, announcing success of Gano's and Stand Watie's expedition, see Part I, p.794.]

CAMDEN, October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

I received yesterday afternoon a message by courier from Colonel McNeill, of Harrison's brigade, at Mount Elba, that 1,500 of the enemy's cavalry were still near him, and that he had fallen back to Marks' Mills. Parsons' brigade of cavalry now on the march will not be able to relieve Harrison's brigade for several days yet. In the meantime, to avoid misapprehension,

