
Fulton, and perhaps Marshall, Tex. On my left and rear, whilst my forces were massed on the lower Arkansas, at a distance of 150 miles, I had crossed over several hundred cavalry without wagons on the east (left) of the Arkansas, when a heavy rain came on and it was with great difficulty that they could get out of the bottom lands on this side after recrossing. I find Camden already sufficiently fortified to enable the enemy to make it very strong within a week after they occupy it, should they do so again. I have, therefore, determined to fortify it at once so that a few troops can defend our stores, even if I should have to concentrate all my troops and have to fight the enemy advancing in strong force in another direction.

There is every reason why we should hold, if possible, at least, the line of the Ouachita, for if Steele obtained Camden, and especially at the same time Canby should occupy Monroe, you would have to keep an army at all times at or near Shreveport to defend it and Marshall. This would be inconvenient to you, as the troops thus kept would be too far from the coast of Texas and lower Louisiana.

You will pardon me for suggesting (no doubt you have thought of it before) the plan of fortifying at the mouth of Black River without delay. Brigadier-General Boggs, your chief of staff, and Lieutenant-Colonel Douglas, I am informed, are both in favor of it; and the former advocated this step in a conversation with me while at Shreveport. It is said that a bastioned fort, built there, could not be approached by land, and could not, if very strongly made, be carried by the enemy's ships; then if all the steamers on the Ouachita and its waters, between this and the mouth of Black River, were in our possession we could destroy them if we could not hold them, and thus prevent the Ouachita being used to furnish supplies to Camden, even if the enemy did take post at Monroe, besides defending Red River. Though I am told that the position at the mouth of Black River affords these advantages, yet I fear that some valid objection has been found by you to the plan, which your more intimate acquaintance with the geography of Louisiana has presented to you. Should this not be the case, however, Major-General Buckner might lose no time in making the work suggested. At all events it seems to me that the delay so necessary to enable you to concentrate your troops from a great distance might in this manner be secured. I should be glad to hear from you on this and the other subjects touched upon in this communication at your earliest leisure.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 56. Camp Bragg, October 12, 1864.

I. The division will move to Camden to-morrow morning at sunrise in the following order: First. Tappan's brigade; second, Hawthorn's brigade; third, Gause's brigade; fourth, McNair's brigade; fifth, Major Blocher's artillery battalion. The trains will move in the rear of the entire division in the order of their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

