SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 91. Camp Bragg, October 12, 1864.

I. Hawthorn's and Gause's brigades will take up the line of march this morning at 10 o'clock for Camden. Brigadier-General Hawthorn, in addition to the command of his own brigade, will direct the movements of Colonel Gause's brigade, who will report to him for instructions of Colonel Hawthorn will order forward his inspector-general to report at district headquarters to ascertain where the two brigades will encamp.

II. Lieutenant John C. Arnett, Etter's battery, Blocher's battalion of artillery, having given bond as acting assistant quartermaster (the receipt of which at this office is hereby acknowledged), in accordance with indorsement from district headquarters, will enter upon the discharge of his duties as acting assistant quartermaster of Blocher's battalion forthwith. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JACKMAN'S BRIGADE,

October 12, 1864-10.10 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN:

Colonel Slemons has reached here and thrown a few shells at the enemy. They have retired to an eminence just this side of the bridge, with four pieces of artillery stationed on the hill. We captured two citizens sent by the Federals to bury their dead. They report General Sanborn in command. Force not known, but several regiments. We are now advancing upon them, and will ascertain more minutely their strength, position, &amp;c., and report. Several Federals, as also several of my own men, have been killed.

Respectfully,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JACKMAN'S BRIGADE,Petite Saline Bridge, October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN:

SIR: The enemy had retired before General Shelby succeeded in reaching their flank, tearing up the bridge after them. They gave way before Colonel Slemons and I had time to make an attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 82. Shreveport, La., October 13, 1864.

I. No changes will be made in the organization of troops as furnished the district commanders without authority from department headquarters.

