
II. The act of Congress organizing the Reserve Corps having imposed upon it the duties to perform which companies for local defense were organized, all such companies are hereby disbanded, and those composing them will be enrolled and assigned according to law.

III. Officers will furnish the lists of detailed men to the enrolling officers required to be furnished by circular from the Bureau of Conscription, dated Marshall, Tex., September 29, 1864.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, No. 24. Camp No. 43, October 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General Clark with his brigade, and Colonel Jackman with 500 men, will march to-morrow morning at daylight for Arrow Rock, under special instructions to be given him by the major-general commanding.

By command of Major General Sterling Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN, October 13, 1864.

General W. R. BOGGS:

GENERAL: I have received additional information that the force which went up White River last Friday, the 7th, was 2,500 strong, and ordered to report to General Steele at Little Rock. A fleet from below was due at the mouth of White River last night. Federal officers say that the land forces operating at Mobile have been ordered to Morganza, and that the forces at Morganza are coming to the mouth of White River to be sent to Steele. The above has just been received from my agents on the river, and is believed to be correct.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Send copy to General Buckner.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 14, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that in pursuance of instructions from department headquarters for Harrison's brigade to proceed to Louisiana, the detachment from his brigade crossing arms will take them to Longview and turn them over to accompany the wagons ordered to be sent there by Colonel W. H. Parsons, and then proceed with him (Colonel Harrison) or join him on the march, as Colonel Harrison may determine. Colonel Parsons will send scouts in the direction of the river, and wherever else his knowledge of the country may suggest. Colonel Harrison will inform Colonel Parsons when he will leave Monticello. If the tobacco is for the troops it will be hauled from the river, provided it can be done without interfering

