
with more important interests. But Colonel Harrison's march to Louisiana must not be delayed on this account solely. The arms, 2,000 stand,however, will be secured by him as directly above, and, as his men and wagons are already on the river, should the supplies be public, as it is presumed they are, and the delay consequent upon securing the arms allows it, the six teams of Colonel Harrison now on the river can haul the tobacco out, but in that case the tobacco must be turned over to the quartermaster of Colonel Harrison, or to any officer detailed for that purpose by himself, who will receipt to General Hindman or to the officer who may have to tobacco in charge, and deliver it to the officer who will be sent to Longview by Colonel Parsons to receive the arms and tobacco, taking his receipts, or to any officer whom Colonel Parsons may send for that purpose, Colonel Harrison's quartermaster, or acting quartermaster, retaining precisely one-fifteenth of the tobacco for his own brigade, if he desires it. Colonel Parsons will then forward the tobacco to El Dorado, retaining one-fifteenth for his brigade. Should the tobacco prove to be the private property of any one, no wagons or other public means will, under any circumstances whatever, be used in its transportation.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy sent to Colonels Harrison and Parsons.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I had no idea that Major-General Hindman had to cross the river. I presume the tobacco is for the army, though I know nothing about it. I had already directed Colonel Harrison not to delay any longer. He will receive the order to return to Louisiana before the return of his wagons. Parsons' brigade of cavalry were ordered back to Warren to relieve Harrison's as soon as the order for Harrison to proceed to Louisiana was received. Harrison had already, before this order, arrived here and sent troops and wagons to the river to secure the arms. As soon as this is done he will march to Alexandria, via Monroe, unless in the meantime otherwise ordered from department headquarters. I received no answer to my telegrams on this subject. Harrison's departure could not have taken place earlier.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 14, 1864.

Major-General MAXEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that he has organized the army into three corps, commanded respectively by Lieutenant-General Buckner, Major-General Magruder, and

