
Major-General Walker; that you are assigned to the command of the Second Texas Cavalry Division, in Lieutenant-General Buckner's corps, the organization of which division is herewith inclosed.* You will receive orders detaching you temporarily from your division and assigning you to your present command. This organization is rendered necessary by the returns called for by the War Department. It is essential that the regimental and brigade returns should be forwarded to department headquarters, and you will please have them returned from the command, in your district with as little delay as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 57. Camden, October 14, 1864.

I. The attention of brigade commanders is called to paragraph V, General Orders, No. 44, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, a copy of which is given in the accompanying circular 833 from district headquarters, of date October 11, 1864. The reports called for will be forwarded to this office as soon as possible, upon forms similar to the blanks furnished for registers of officers, together with the recommendations of officers for assignment.

II. Brigade commanders will instruct their brigade quartermasters to report to Major Elliston, chief quartermaster of division, for the purpose of making arrangements for sending off the transportation of the division in compliance with paragraph XIV, Special Orders, No. 287, District of Arkansas, of date 13th of October, 1864.

III. Brigade commanders will forward to these headquarters every morning until further orders a consolidated field return of their respective commands.

IV. The several brigade commanders of this division will assemble the troops of their commands (except those on duty) under arms upon their respective parade grounds to-morrow at 3 p.m., and there await further orders. The troops thus assembled will be marched to the field selected to witness the execution of Captain Gaynes, of General Forney's division, to-morrow at 4 p.m.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 92. Camden, October 14, 1864.

I. The following details for fatigue duty in erecting fortifications will be ordered to report daily at these headquarters at 5.30 a.m. precisely. This detail will be supplied with one day's cooked rations and will report without intrenching tools, viz: Brigadier-General McNair's brigade will furnish 1 senior and 3 captains, 3 lieutenants, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 200 men; Tappan's brigade, 1 senior and 3 captains, 3 lieutenants, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 175 men; Hawthorn's

---------------

*Inclosure not found, but see roster, p.967.

---------------

64 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

