
brigade, 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 125 men; Gause's brigade, 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 125 men.

II. Brigadier-General McNair will select an energetic field officer to take charge of the work until relieved by further instructions from these headquarters.

III. The attention of Major J. M. Elliston, chief quartermaster of division, is called to paragraph XIII, of General Orders, No. 53, of date October 8, 1864, from district headquarters. Major Elliston will have these reports forwarded to him without delay and transmitted as directed.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

V. Brigadier-General Tappan will order the following details to report as hereinafter directed for guard duty daily at sundown, viz: 1 sergeant and 3 men to report at these headquarters; 1 sergeant and 3 men to report to Major Elliston, chief quartermaster of division.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 14, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Four your information, should you be forced to retire, the following information is furnished you: General Mower's division, of Smith's corps, 6,000, and Grierson's cavalry, 4,000, have gone in pursuit of you. In addition, Steele has been heavily re-enforced.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, October 14, 1864.

Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Army:

COLONEL: I am crossing the river slowly. The force at Glasgow last night consisted of 600 Kansas (regular) troops and 400 militia. They have at the wharf what is termed a tin-clad boat, pierced for six guns, and one transport. They were impressing men yesterday to work on fortifications, and say they expect re-enforcements from North Missouri Railroad. I can hear of no troops in that direction from which they could draw re-enforcements. I respectfully suggest the propriety of sending a force with a section of artillery on this side of the river up to drive the gun-boat from its position. It can take position up the river out of range of my guns and harass the attacking party very much. The crossing is slow and difficult on account of the landing, but think I will get across by night.

Respectfully,

JNO. B. CLARK, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-They have two field pieces also.

J. B. C.

