HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Camp No. 44, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. CLARK, Jr.,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Price directs me to say that your suggestion has been adopted. General Shelby with a small force and a section of rifled guns will open on Glasgow at daylight to-morrow from this side. He wishes the ferry-boats on this side subject to your orders. They will only be crossed at the request of a known officer or your flag. The gun-boat will be sent up the river, so as not to interfere with our ferry-boats below.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELBY'S BRIGADE,

Longwood, October 14, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Army of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have just reached here, but have as yet had no additional or confirmatory information in regard to the enemy. Slayback sent out scouts to investigate the report of the man we sent to you. The geography of the country would prove him to be truthful, as the point he saw them at, viz, the crossing of the La Mine at Cold Neck, would be the proper route from Boonville to Lexington, and avoid our route. I will remain here one hour and then move up to Muddy Creek, and either hear from Slayback's scouts or make scouts myself for information to determine my movements. I will be very cautious, and should a large force be actually in the neighborhood I can either attack their rear or flank, as you may direct. I have a line of couriers-a station at each six or seven miles. I will expect to hear from you before morning, but should I not I will not risk a failure.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Camp No. 44, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General SHELBY,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: You will at once send Brigadier-General Thompson with not less than 800 or 1,000 men and one section of artillery to Longwood and from there to Sedalia, to attack the Federal force at that point should he deem it prudent. You will also instruct him to bring back with him a drove of cattle and mules said to be in that neighborhood, and return with as little delay as practicable.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

