
BOONVILLE AND GEORGETOWN ROAD,

Three Miles East of Georgetown, October 15, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Army of Missouri:

GENERAL: The accounts that we received from the citizens were so contradictory that I moved slowly, and have just been able to reach this point and capture two stragglers from the Federal Army. They are, fortunately, well known to our men, and assure us of their friendship for the Confederacy, having belonged to our army and been captured by and compelled to join the Federal Army. The cavalry force that passed this point yesterday was three brigades with eight pieces of artillery, under the command of General Sanford [Sanborn], and amounting to 2,500 men, viz: the Merrill Horse, Second and Thirteenth Missouri, Fifth and Seventh Kansas, and Second Nebraska, and others not remembered. They passed through Georgetown before sundown yesterday, and are supposed to have camped near there. I have sent out to see. They were pushing for Lexington. The infantry camped at California on Thursday night and started on this road yesterday morning, and will not reach this place before to-morrow. They amount to not less than 10,000, but are called from 12,000 to 18,000. They marched from Saint Louis to Jefferson, and left Jefferson on the morning of the 12th. They are under A. J. Smith. I am now in three miles of Sedalia and three of Georgetown. I will not go to Sedalia, as it will lose six or eight hours, but will, as soon as I feed, push on after the cavalry under Sanford [Sanborn] to harass and delay it until I can hear from you. I will be in Georgetown by noon, and you can anticipate my whereabouts at each hour. I will order in this line of couriers, as we will both be away from this line by noon. I will presume you to be west of Marshall, and I will be near Rowletta or on Black River to-night. These prisoners report that it is rumored in their camp that a large force is being massed in Kansas City via the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad and Platte County Railroad.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Shelby's Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,October 15, 1864.

Major-General MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: As it is reported that 2,500 Federal cavalry are moving from Georgetown in the direction of Lexington, you are directed by Major-General Price to throw a scout out in a southwest direction so as to intersect that road in the southwest part of La Fayette County, and report any movements of the enemy on it.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Camp at Keiser's on road to Lexington, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SHELBY:

GENERAL: Your dispatch announcing the surrender of Glasgow received. Inclosed is copy of orders for General Clark. General Price

