HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., September 8, 1864.

Major General J. A. MOWER,

Devall's Bluff:

GENERAL: I shall be pleased to see you at my headquarters as soon as you can make it convenient to come. I wish to consult with you in regard to movements. I will have a carriage at the depot to take you to my headquarters. Please sent do Brownsville as many of your troops as the train can carry to-morrow. If you have any land transportation part of your command night march to Brownsville. General Canby has intimated that he would send troops from Morganza. Price has crossed a large force of cavalry at Dardanelle. He has a pontoon bridge there. He and Shelby will probably effect a junction. The rebel infantry are also reported moving toward Princeton.

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, No. 59. Helena, Ark., September 8, 1864.

I. Pursuant to law and the rules and regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury, the lines of actual occupation by the military forces of the United States in the District of Eastern Arkansas are hereby defined to be within the picket-lines of the post of Helena, the public wood-yards and freedman's camps, and the plantations which have been leased by the Government, or are worked with freedmen paid under the regulations of the Treasury Department by agreement heretofore entered into and now of record in the office of the said Department in this district.

II. No article contraband of war, nor intoxicating liquors, drugs and medicines, salt, cotton-cards, or gray cloth shall be permitted to be transported into the District of Eastern Arkansas, except upon condition that the written approval of the officer commanding shall be indorsed upon the application for such articles, filed in the office of the assistant special agent of the Treasury Department.

WM. CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District.

LITTLE ROCK, September 8, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

Cay you tell me whether there are any rebel troops at Monticello? The rebel cavalry under Price and Fagan are reported crossing the Arkansas at Dardanelle. One brigade was across yesterday. They have a pontoon bridge. I think they intend to post themselves so as to operate on the railroad while a column of infantry is pushed up in front. I hope you will keep out as large scouting parties as possible, annoy them on the flank, and send me information in regard to their movements. We are receiving large re-enforcements. I expect soon to be able to take the field, which will probably take the rebels by surprise, as they think we are about used up and short of rations. General Canby wrote me that he could send me 15,000 re-enforcements in case Kirby Smith should move on this place.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

