
PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 8, 1864.

Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

A man representing himself to be a British subject is just in from Clarksville, Tex. He passed through Camden and Princeton. He says there is at Camden only the infantry left by Price, under command of Churchill. There is at Princeton Tappan's infantry brigade. The brigade is a mere skeleton. Believes that Price and Fagan, with 12,000 cavalry, have crossed the Arkansas above Little Rock. He has a pass from Tappan to take him to Major-General Parsons' command at Monticello. All the rebels were to have left Monticello yesterday for Princeton. The general has been quite sick for three or four days. I send this by his direction. He will send an escort toward Monticello to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MONTE CAMBERN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWISBURG, September 8, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The greater portion of the Government stores that were here are on flat-boats en route for Little Rock. At the Cadron one flat-boat loaded with ten days' rations for the command, also thirty wagons loaded with quartermaster's stores, camp and garrison equipage, guarded by the Second Arkansas Infantry, the dismounted and fifty mounted men of the Third Arkansas Cavalry. This morning I sent scouts to Clinton, Dover, Russellville, and Norristown, and have here but a handful of men to keep up communication, &amp;c. If I send the force at the Cadron to Little Rock, as you suggest, I will be compelled to vacate this place. I cannot do that till my scouts return, which will be on the 11th instant. If you think it best to send the force at the Cadron to Little Rock I will do so and run the risk of getting out. Last evening the Chippewa was fast in Van's Bar, and about 6 p.m. was attacked by forty guerrillas on north side of river. They were driven off by Colonel Stephenson. Considerable firing by the pickets on Clinton road.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Copy to Major General F. Steele.)

[For other dispatches from Ryan to Carr, of this date, see Part I, p.744.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 8, 1864.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Lewisburg:

You had better not keep any heavy stores nor footmen at the Cadron. I have three regiments at Austin and have ordered them to keep a sharp lookout toward Clinton, but you must also keep your scouts out toward Shelby. The enemy will either move off at once to Missouri or concentrate and come at once to the railroad.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

