
Rock, as I did not wish to risk the mail and reports without a strong guard. Since my last dispatch to you by the Alamo the main force of the enemy has remained in the vicinity of Riddell Station, about sixty miles southwest of here, till within a few days past, when they moved in the direction of Perryville. Reports reach me from time to time that they were waiting there for re-enforcements and supplies, with the view to another attack upon this place, but their moving toward Perryville would seem to indicate a demonstration against Gibson, if anywhere. I have sent six companies of infantry and 150 cavalry to Gibson, and if I find Cooper is still moving toward Gibson I shall re-enforce it so as to make it sufficiently strong. Cooper has been sending out raiding parties for the purpose of annoying my trains and haying parties. They attacked the Eleventh U. S. Colored, guarding the hay cutters, some twelve miles above here, killing the surgeon and 1 private and wounding 8. The Eleventh completely repulsed them, killing and wounding several of the enemy. The Arkansas is fordable at several points between here and Fort Gibson, which have to be watched. This service, together with escorting trains, keeps my cavalry, which is now very much reduced, constantly employed and overworked. To provide against the contingency, so far as we are concerned, of a scarcity of supplies at Little Rock, which might result from an interruption of your communications on White River, I have sent all our available transportation to Fort Scott for supplies, as the stock can subsist upon grass on that route, while it lasts, and the forage that is raised on the route to Little Rock will thus be saved till there is occasion to send trains to Little Rock. I intend to reoccupy Clarksville as soon as the movements of the enemy will permit me to spare the force from here. I have manned the guns of the Second Indiana Battery, the men belonging to which went down on the Alamo (their term of service having expired) with dismounted cavalry, but the horses are wholly unfit for service, and have been turned in to the quartermaster. I cannot replace them.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 8, 1864.

TO ALL THE DISTRICT COMMANDERS:

Troops raised under Order 107 in your district and under your command you will hold responsible, and cowardice or neglect of duty in not fighting guerrillas will be punished according to the nature and character of the offense. If any company refuses or neglect to fight bushwhackers it will be disgraced and the officers recommended for dismissal.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Rolla, Mo.:

Mr. William Diffebach, from Bourbon, Crawford County, says he believes bushwhackers took the county seat and stole a lot of horses there last Wednesday. He says the 107 Order men don't seem to do

