
much, and wants a company that will do something. Please inquire into the matter and infuse a little life into these 107 Order men. Remember they are under your orders and must report to you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 8, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

General Fisk is operating against guerrillas in Howard, Boone, &amp;c., with columns of considerable strength converging upon each other. It is hoped and expected that his movements will result in routing out a number of the rascals who may attempt to cross the river anywhere from Glasgow down. Advise the Fanny Ogden, and let her cruise in accordance with this information. Is Cooper County in such condition that loyal people can return there? If so, hold the county to an immediate compliance with General Orders, No. 107.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WARRENSBURG, September 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The main body of guerrillas that have been in Cooper County have gone west in two parties. There were about 100 of them. Major Kelly, with six companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia, is scouting the Blackwater and La Mine and Cooper County; 100 of the same regiment from Jefferson City are scouting in Moniteau County. There are small bodies of guerrillas on the line of La Fayette and Jackson Counties, but no confirmation of the report of a concentration in force. There is a report deemed reliable that about 150 Confederate recruits passed south through Cass County about the 1st instant. They did not interfere with the inhabitants and avoided all our posts and scouting parties.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., September 8, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in order to afford some protection to the eastern portion of the district, I have ordered Major Kelly, with five companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia, to move from La Fayette County to the east, and after scouting the Blackwater and La Mine River and Cooper County to leave two companies of his command in Cooper and rendezvous with the balance at Sedalia. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear with ten companies of the First Missouri State Militia are in La Fayette and Saline Counties. The detachments of the Seventh Missouri State Militia and section Company L, Second Missouri Volunteer Artillery, on the Fanny Ogden (now on the way from Kansas City to Glasgow), have been ordered to land at Lexington and move to this post. The boat is ordered to Jefferson City, and

