
on her arrival I intend to relieve her from duty, as but little good has been accomplished by the troops on board of her. Colonel Switzler's recruits for the Forty-fifth Regiment Missouri Volunteers have been moved to Sedalia. It will be necessary to make a detail for guards at the Osage and Gasconade bridges and for post guard at Jefferson City from the Forty-fifth in place of the One hundred and thirty-fifth [Illinois], whose term of service has about expired. When the movements are completed the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry and eight pieces of artillery Second Missouri Volunteer Artillery will be concentrated here and guarding the railroad and country in Johnson and Pettis; the Second Colorado in Jackson and Cass; ten companies First Missouri State Militia in La Fayette and Saline, with two companies in Henry and Saint Clair; the Fourth Missouri State Militia recruits, Forty-fifth, and five companies of the Provisional and Enrolled Missouri Militia in the eastern part of the district. I do not think that we have cause to apprehend and a concentration of guerrillas in force, and the store is of a large number of Shelby's men being in the district are not confirmed. The parties who were reported to be in Cooper County ten days since were Todd's men, having been quiet for a time better to accomplish their purposes of robbery and murder. They have now escaped to the west, and are by this time in their old haunts in the Sni Hills.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, September 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

With your approval I shall take the troops off the Fanny Ogden and relieve her from further service. The troops will be more effective on land.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, September 8, 1864.

Major HENRY SUESS,

On Board Steamer Fanny Ogden, Glasgow:

Disembark your command opposite Glasgow and order them to move direct to this post. You will proceed with the boat to Jefferson City and transfer the proceeds of the assessment, together with the property, to Captain J. A. Green, assistant quartermaster, and report for orders by telegraph.

By command of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, September 8, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: Having been appointed by our Loyal Union League, of this city, to memorialize you on a subject of vital interest to ourselves,

