
Pleasant Hill. Perhaps your force may be able to co-operate with Coy. Coy's party wear no badges, but he will be mounted on his big gray horse, which all know. Send Sergeant Tibbits or an officer in charge.

By order of Colonel Ford:

R. S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOONVILLE, MO., September 8, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just arrived here with my train. I find the guerrillas in small bands. I have divided my men in small bands. Country in a perfect panic in consequence of the recent murders which have been committed in this country.

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Cavalry.

SAINT LOUIS, September 8, 1864.

General FISK:

Let me hear of your progress in hunting guerrillas. I am not satisfied with what is being done in that quarter. General D[ouglass] is too slow and unenterprising; you must, therefore, give it your own attention and make secrecy and rapidity and the thorough study of the haunts the groundwork of your operations, or you must make it dangerous for them to travel.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 8, 1864. (Received 10th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

I have given my best attention to the concentration and movement of reliable troops in the Boone and Howard region, and they are now ready. They move to-morrow morning from Glasgow, Keytesville, Huntsville, La Fayette, Sturgeon, Mexico, Columbia, and ought to hurt somebody. I shall keep them moving until that section is cleaned out thoroughly. I am well aware of the want of enterprise and prompt action in General D[ouglass]. He is faithful over a few things, but not equal to the rulership over many. We shall soon have some good material in the officers of the new regiments. The work of organizing the five new regiments has not been a light one, and it has required my constant personal attention. My best militia companies have entered the volunteer service, and they are just now at their regimental rendezvous being mustered, clothed, and armed. A very few days will make them effective. I go do Macon and Mexico to-night to give personal attention to the movement of troops in Boone and Howard. Will see that all the bridges are properly guarded.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

