
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 8, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

The general commanding deems the safety of the Perruque bridge, on the North Missouri Railroad, of much importance, and directs that you at once take steps to have it guarded and stockaded, so that a small force can hold the bridge against any force of guerrillas.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 8, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I understand by General Douglass that the bridges on the North Missouri Railroad are all guarded. I shall give them personal examination to-morrow. I will see that proper guards and stockades are provided.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 8, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have the honor to inquire if any of the 107 organizations of this district have been reported to you as cowardly or as having refused to fight bushwhackers?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Not in your district.

W. S. R[OSECRANS].
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Brunswick, Mo., September 8, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: The dispositions of my force in accordance with your order has so weakened this post as to render its capture easy, and to meet the exigency I have issued the inclosed order, which I hope will meet your approbation. Captain Cunningham went on duty about noon, and now has his company nearly filled up to the minimum, which renders this post and the Government property here quite safe. I have information that 100 bushwhackers crossed the Missouri River into Carroll County and that squads of them have got in behind the expedition under Major King. Reliable information in my possession is to the effect that Jim Anderson with a large band crossed the Missouri River below here last night, and it may be him that recrossed into Carroll. The expedition of footmen directed in your order started out this morning and have reached their destination ere this. The river cannot be securely guarded, as it is very low and can be crossed at a great many places. The bushmen have been very active in the last few

