
days and have moved about with great rapidity, generally in small squads. Necessary arrangements have been made to protect the other posts in the county. The absence of Captain Stanley's company weakens my force very much, and should he return it will enable me to co-operate with operations below or re-enforce the footmen, as circumstances may require. As at present situated I can do but little more than guard my posts. I furnished Major King fifty men, and but for the absence of his company could easily have furnished the total number required.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 35TH Regiment ENROLLED MO. MIL., No. 13. Brunswick, Mo., September 8, 1864.

Captain George W. Cunningham, Company A, Thirty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, is hereby ordered on active duty temporarily. All persons enrolled in his company, and all other able-bodied citizens in the city of Brunswick and vicinity, will report to him for duty immediately. All business houses and other places of business houses and other places of business will be entirely suspended for one week from this date, or until the exigencies of the case may render such suspension unnecessary.

By order of Colonel William E. Moberly:

CHAS. A. WINSLOW,Captain and Adjutant.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 8, 1864.

Colonel MATTHEWS,

Sturgeon, Mo.:

You can make the exchanges you speak of, in this way and no other: If the guerrillas will unconditionally release the prisoner you can pledge your honor that the guerrilla you hold shall be turned loose and allowed a certain length of time to get out of the way. But nothing whatever can be put in writing in connection with the matter of the exchange, as it would be ground for the rebels to claim that we had recognized guerrillas and partisans and outlaws as prisoners of war. Any arrangement must rest upon your verbal word of honor.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CAMP ON DRY CREEK, September 8, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS:

Trains are passing through from Leavenworth from Kearny to Denver and Salt Lake. Escorts are not needed. Have explored up Beaver and Republican to a point on Cottonwood. No buffalo about here, and very few Indians. Am moving eastward.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

