
taxes and licenses shall be cumulative of the remedy given said city for the collection of the same by the statutes of this State, and said city shall have the right to make use of either or both of said remedies at its discretion.

Third. It is ordered that execution issue, on motion of the city attorney, upon all judgments not affecting property in the possession of the United States or held for military purposes rendered in favor of the city of New Orleans for taxes and licenses, which are now suspended by injunction or suspensive appeal, and that the appeal be considered devolutive. By virtue of any execution or other writ for taxes and licenses, the property of the judgment debtor, whether it be or not be that for which the taxes and licenses are due, may be seized and sold.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 9, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

The general commanding directs that a special report be made of the affair at Gentilly's plantation. He directs me to say that in all such cases a special report should be promptly made by the officer in command and transmitted with your remarks. The report should be in detail, describing how the attack was made, the position of our guards and vedettes at the time of the attack, in what manner resisted, the number captured by the enemy, killed, and wounded, and, in short, a complete history of the affair. All the information received here consists of several short telegrams. Your telegraphic report to-day is received.* If you believe that the raiders who attacked Labadieville last night are citizens of the country this side of Grand River your attention is directed to an examination into the matter. All persons in the country who have not taken the oath of allegiance or who have fire-arms in their possession against orders, should be at once arrested and sent to New Orleans to be disposed of according to the circumstances of the case.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., September 9, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this date as to date of departure of last troops sent from this command to the Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to state that the last regiment (the Eighth Indiana Veteran Volunteers) sailed from this city on the 22nd day of July, 1864, see Special Orders, No. 4, headquarters U. S. Forces, &amp;c. Since that date about 1,500 men (detachments) have been forwarded to their regiments.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, p.747.

---------------

