HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 9, 1864-7 a.m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

The detachment of Sixty-first Illinois with its teams and the teams of Twelfth Michigan marched for Brownsville yesterday morning. All the infantry I have left are eight companies of the Twelfth Michigan, which are ready to go aboard the cars as soon as I have any infantry to relieve them. Two companies of the Twelfth Michigan have been for some time guarding the railroad from seven to nine miles out.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

PALARM BRIDGE, September 9, 1864. (Received 9 p.m.)

Brigadier General E. A. CARR:

At 3 o'clock this morning I learned that Shelby was on the march to intercept us between the Cadron and Palarm, while General Stevenson on south side of river was to prevent our crossing and assist Shelby. By a forced march I have succeeded in getting everything here in safety. Price was in Dover yesterday. Fagan crossing at Dardanelle last evening. Captain Turner, who was near Norristown, reports the enemy as 18,000 strong, 18 pieces of artillery, and 300 wagons. I think it rather strong. Captain Clear is reported to have had a fight yesterday with 300 rebels at Potts', eight miles from Russellville. The courier I sent to recall him did not reach him; he was cut off. I heard from him this morning; he was then near Lewisburg and will probably be in to-morrow. Fifty rebels crossed at Galla Rock last evening. Shortly after our leaving Lewisburg a rebel regiment entered the place, report says carrying a black flag. The men and animals are completely worn out. Shall I stay out here, or move into the Rock? A portion of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry is here.

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, September 9, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: Since my last I have nothing to communicate. Nothing further from Arkansas at all definite. Information from General Steele as late as the 4th was to the effect that Price, with a large mounted force, was south of the Saline River. Reports from other sources are to the effect that Price had crossed the Arkansas and was proceeding toward Missouri. I have sent scouts toward Jacksonport, and hope soon to have more reliable information in regard to this Missouri move. My advices from Little Rock are very meager and unsatisfactory.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 9, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Cairo:

You will prepare your command to immediately take the field west of the Mississippi against Price &amp; Co. General Rosecrans suggests that

