
you move from Cape Girardeau, but it seems to me that if the enemy is on White River it will be better for you to unite with Mower and Steele, in his rear. Advise with such officers as you can and telegraph me your opinion. In the meantime I will consult General Grant's wishes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 9, 1864.

The troops of this division will, as soon as disembarked, move out on the Brownsville road to some favorable ground beyond and in the vicinity of the present encampments, bivouac, and hold themselves in readiness to move to Brownsville. The men will be instructed to fill their canteens before leaving the river.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 9, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I would like Major General A. J. Smith to come here for a conference, and, if General Sherman is not pressed for his services, would suggest, as a saving of expenses and for benefit of his command, that they disembark and go into camp at Girardeau. Two weeks will put the new regiments being raised here into the field.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 165. Saint Louis, Mo., September 9, 1864.

To obtain an equitable basis upon which to make an assessment upon the underwriters of this city for the purpose of building or purchasing a tow boat, as required in General Orders, No. 119, current series, from these headquarters, a return under oath, is hereby required from the proper officer of each insurance company of this city, and from the agents of all other insurance companies having recognized agencies in the city, of one-half of all hull premiums, net; of all cargo premiums, net; and one-sixth of all fire premiums, net; the returns to be based upon the net receipts for the six months ending on the 30th of June, 1864. The returns will be made, with the least practicable delay, to Captain George W. Ford, military harbormaster, and by him consolidated and forwarded to these headquarters for further orders, determining the amount to be assessed upon each company and agency.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

