
LEXINGTON, MO., September 9, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The change of commanders made a few weeks ago gave confidence and security to every loyal Union man in the district; so much so that in some places public meetings were held and resolutions of thanks were unanimously passed, but unfortunately for us, and unfortunately for the welfare of the loyal Union men in this district, as well as the best interests of our suffering country, the men so lately removed and so long tried and always found waiting, timid, and inefficient are sent back upon us, which has a tendency to and will crush our budding hopes of brighter days. Excuse us, general, for saying what we honestly believe. The replacing of General E. B. Brown, in command of this district is pregnant with evil and altogether objectionable to every loyal man in the district. Now, as formerly, when he held command, we may expect a useless concentration of nearly all the effective military force of the district around the general's headquarters, ostensibly to guard Government stores, but really, as is generally believed, to guard his own person, while all other parts of the district were left to the mercy of bushwhackers. This is a truth as plain as the light of day. Now, sir, if General Brown is to command in this district, with that personification of timid inefficiency, James McFerran, to carry out his orders, the few loyal men still remaining here had better leave for another State at the sacrifice of their dearest rights. The time is near at hand when every nerve will be strained, as was the case last year under the same men, to obtain rebel votes for Copperhead candidates. Now, general, to you, in the name of all that is dear to us, and in the name of our sons and our brothers, who nobly fought under you at Stone's River and Chickamauga, and subsequently under General Grant at Mission Ridge and Lookout Mountain, and lastly under General Sherman at Atlanta, we say, in the name of these heroes, and in the name of Union and liberty we ask, may we pray, you to avert from us the impending doom of anarchy and ruin which now like a dark and portentous cloud hangs over the loyal men of our dear country, by removing from the command of this district General E. B. Brown and Colonel James McFerran and restore to us General Pleasonton and Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, or any other good and efficient commanders. And your petitioners will ever pray, &amp;c.

GEORGE ZEILER.

SAML. BREITENBAUGH.

F. COOLEY, Surgeon.

[And 118 others.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

None of the 107 companies of your district have been reported for cowardice or refusing to fight bushwhackers.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

