
PAOLA, KANS., September 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PLUMB,

Olathe:

Information received from Colonel Ford places an organization of 300 bushwhackers three miles south of Pleasant Hill, on the Harrisonville road. His forces are unable to cope with them and he requests that we be on the alert. Notify your command and be ready.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, September 9, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I inclose copy of extract from a letter received yesterday from Major S. G. Colley, U. S. Indian agent at the Upper Arkansas Agency, in relation to the exposed condition of the crops and Government property at that place. If compatible with the public service, I request that a sufficient force be stationed at that point for the protection of the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure.]

Extract from a letter from Major Colley, U. S. Indian agent, dated Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter., September 2, 1864, directed to Governor Evans, ex-officio superintendent of Indian affairs:

There is some $20,000 worth of crops at the agency which have been left unprotected, the persons employed there having all fled to this post. I requested Major Wynkoop, commanding this post, to send a sufficient military force to that place to protect the people and property, but he has not the troops to spare. If troops are not stationed there soon the whole crop will be destroyed by the Indians. Please confer with Colonel Chivington regarding it, and, if possible, get some troops ordered to that place.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., September 9, 1864.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of copies of letters from Governor Edmonds and others setting forth the abuse of their trading licenses with Indians of Charles Chouteau and others having trading posts among the Indians in this department. Copies of these papers, with your indorsement thereon, have been sent to General Sully, who has been ordered to examine into the offense alleged and to take such action as the War Department directs. It is not improper for me to state that the abuses specified, as well as others of a character equally

