
legislators to the necessity of revising a system so prolific of wrong to the Indian, danger to emigration and to frontier settlements, and injury to the best interests of the Government and of humanity. Whilst I by no means assume that my letter to the Secretary of War of February 6, 1864, embodies the best mode of dealing with the Indians, I think it will be found to contain a fair statement of the evils of our present Indian policy, and some suggestions as to a modification of it, which point out at least its most objectionable features.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 11, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed a system of trade regulations which I desire to establish in this department, and, for the purpose, the approval of the President is necessary to avoid conflicts with other departments of the Government. I need not point out to you the necessity of some such regulations to restrain Indian traders and to compel them in all transactions with Indians to observe the same rules of trade and the same fair prices, both of their own and the Indians' goods, which they are required to observe in such transactions with white men. Neither need I inform you that the opposite practice on the part of traders, who, under present regulations, are wholly uncontrolled and irresponsible, has been the occasion of that constant irritation and wrong to the Indian which so often breaks out in hostilities. It is my purpose hereafter to treat all Indians in this department who have in any way been concerned, directly or indirectly, in hostilities, as prisoners, under the sole charge and supervision of the military authorities. Without in any way restraining their liberty to roam about the country and subsist themselves by hunting, as in times past, it is my purpose to offer them every inducement, by kind treatment, protection, and fair dealing in trade, to make their permanent encampment in the vicinity of the military posts, where the troops can directly overlook and control them. I have little doubt of success in these purposes, if not interfered with, and these trade regulations are drawn up with the view of accomplishing so desirable a result. Traders now are irresponsible, and it is not difficult, and, as I understand, not uncommon, for Indians who commit hostilities in one part of the country to resort to trading posts in another part to purchase ammunition, supplies, &amp;c., to carry on hostilities. It is essential to any satisfactory results that trading posts and traders should be subject to the supervision of the military authorities to the extent specified in the inclosed code of rules. It is altogether unnecessary to explain these regulations to you in detail, or to set forth the results likely to follow the application of them in this department, but if they meet your approval, and that of the Secretary of War, I have the honor to request that the approval of the President be indorsed upon them and that they be returned to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

