
emigrants on their way to the mines or to the Territories or States west of Dakota, and such emigrants are positively prohibited from engaging in any traffic with Indians.

X. The Indians shall at all times have the right to examine the tariff of prices fixed upon their own and the traders' goods, and the post commanders will cause the schedule of prices to be explained to the Indians by an interpreter, whether demanded by them or not. Their rights, under these regulations, will be carefully explained to them by the post commanders, and the Indians will be advised and requested to make known to the military authorities at once any infraction of these rules.

XI. Any Indian trader who violates these regulations shall be arrested and confined by the military commander of the nearest post, who will close his store and place a guard over his goods, which will be disposed of as thereafter shall be directed. The trader shall be held in confinement until his case be acted on by the War Department. Any other white man or half-breed who is detected trading with Indians shall be arrested and sent out of the Indian country and his goods confiscated to the use of the Indians.

XII. Sutlers at all military posts shall be permitted to trade with the Indians in accordance with the regulations herein established.

XIII. Should any hostilities with Indians occur the district commander will immediately cause all trading posts in reach of hostile Indians to be at once closed and all trade suspended until quiet is restored.

XIV. The necessity of these regulations in securing peace with the Indians by making it clear to them that they will be dealt with fairly and kindly, in encouraging them to locate their permanent homes in the immediate vicinity and under the supervision of military posts, and in restraining all irresponsible persons who might wrong or plunder them or in any other way create difficulties with them is so manifest that it is believed that all well-disposed persons will cheerfully comply with them.

XV. The commanders of military districts and posts are directed to furnish every possible aid to missionaries or other religious instructors who desire to have intercourse with Indians for humane purposes. It is expected that all officers and soldiers in this department will at all times treat such persons with respect and kindness and extend to them all assistance at their command in the discharge of a duty so full of benefit to the Indian and of such advantage to the best interests of the Government.

XVI. The commander of each military post in this department is charged with the enforcement of these regulations. He will make, or cause to be made, such frequent inspection and examination as will prevent any violation of them, or detect such violation at the earliest moment. He will be held responsible in all respect that these regulations are enforced in strict accordance with their terms.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WHITEWATER, WIS., August 16, 1864.

General H. Z. MITCHELL:

DEAR SIR: I have just been reading in the Chicago Tribune of August 15 about the combination of all the Western tribes of Indians in order to get up and carry on a general Indian was against the whites.

