
and receive them as our fellow-citizens. Dear general, for once let the word of a poor Indian Tanner (that is much hated by many of Minnesota, especially by Christians and ministers of the gospel for speaking always plainly) be listened to, when I tell you as long as the Southern rebellion lasts, do not place too much confidence in the Chippewas. If you do you may do it at the sacrifice of thousands of precious lives of our best Minnesota white citizens. In the present course of our Government toward removing our Minnesota Chippewas farther west is only helping the Indian to carry out his long-thought-of plan or plot, for the farther west they are removed the nearer we ourselves bring them with their allies, the Western tribes, and easier to be reached and supplied by rebels with munitions of war by the way of the plains and Canada, and safer will their families be by being taken by our armies. True, we have plenty, of Chippewa half-breeds that are citizens, but in a Chippewa outbreak you cannot depend on one of them, for I have heard many of them say that they would never fight against their own fathers, mothers, and people. I also see by the treaty stipulations that the Mill Lake Indians are liable to be moved at any time. Dear general, is this the reward we give them for their loyalty to us in our Sioux troubles-how they came and offered their services to you to go and fight Sioux for and with us? Will their liability to be removed at any time from their present homestead strengthen their loyalty to our Government? These are questions of deep interest for the peace of our dear State. Land speculators and politicians and all enemies will laugh at these remarks. But let me tell you the plain truth: If our Government removes those Mill Lake Indians while this war lasts, we turn their loyalty to savage and bitter rebellion against our State. Will it not be safer and cheaper for us to settle those Indians of Mill Lake down where they are, and make them our fellow-citizens at a cost of a few thousands of dollars than it will be to remove them in the midst of these, our troubles, and add to the ranks of our enemies those that might have been our best friends, and at the cost of not thousands but millions of dollars and thousands of precious lives, and that to gratify the hellish selfishness of a few speculators, if they are Government officials? I have a letter before me that was handed me in Washington from Hole-in-the-Day to the President of the United States and Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated Saint Paul, June 7, 1863, where he urges the removal of his band on to the eastern tributaries of the Red River. I know Hole-in-the-Day as well as any man. He has never once showed the least desire or effort made to get one single family of his band to settle down and become civilized. Even he himself, in his pretended civilization, never abandoned his narrow breech-cloth or blanket, but in the stead of helping his Indians to a state of civilization he, with the traders, cheated his own people out of all the money he could, for which his own people sought to kill him several times. He has also ever opposed the works of the faithful missionaries amongst his people. He has even hired Indians to kill these missionaries. Is this the work of a man who is anxious for the good of his people? Was he not also the leader of the Chippewa troubles and rebellion we had in 1862? All that lacked of his carrying out his plans that he told me of four years ago, and massacre the whole Mississippi Valley to Saint Paul, was that he could not get the Rabbit Lake band and Mill Lake band of Indians to join him, and he feared them. If he felt for the good of his people, as he represents himself in his letter to the President, he never would have drawn his people into such trouble. His aim, in my opinion, is this: He only desires to get

