
to be removed to the Red River, so that he can be so much nearer his western allies, and where he can get munitions of war easier, and where he can make his escape safer, either in the woods or plains. And then, and only then, after thousands of horses, cattle and property, &amp;c., has been stolen and hundreds of lives lost; then, and only then, will ye white men learn that the leopard has not changed his spots nor the Hole-in-the-Day his rebellions plots.

Now, dear general, I know that these remarks of mine will be by many in Minnesota laughed at, as those remarks of mine were laughed at in 1862. But laugh who will, no far-seeing man cannot help but say with me that the course our Government is taking in the removal of our Minnesota Indians to the west is only concentrating their forces to come against us the easier and safer for themselves. If the Southern rebellion lasts much longer we may rest assured of a general Indian war as this Government has never yet experienced, and, surely, then we will have more than a handful; for if 2,000 or 3,000 of Sioux has for nearly three years given us so much trouble and expense, what will 100,000 give us? The peace of our country, and its prosperity, and the good of humanity in general, demands of our Government to do away with the old rotten Democratic principle of driving and speculating out of the Indians. Why not settle them down where they are and citizen them? If they rise in rebellion against us can we blame them? Where is the people that could put up with the abuses that we have heaped upon some of our Indians and not rise up in rebellion, and expressly when instigated and furnished and led on by base Copperheads and rebels.

My wife's severe and long sickness has disabled me from returning to Minnesota this fall. Having been idle so long and the heavy bills I have had to pay out, with no income, has deprived me of the means to go home this fall, or I would leave to-morrow for my dear troubled State, if I had the means, and share in her troubles. I shall leave here next week for Prairie du Chien, Wis., and spend the winter there and go up early in the spring. You are at liberty to do with this letter as you see proper. If you see proper to give it to the public press you can do so.

Excuse my ignorance and lack of good spelling.

Your unworthy servant,

JAMES TANNER.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 9, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that dispatches from Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanding Independent Battalion, dated Fort Abercrombie, 4th instant, mention the arrival of a Mr. Fonseca from the British settlements near Fort Garry, on the Red River, who states that 350 lodges of Sioux Indians had arrived at the settlements, embracing 1,000 or 1,200 warriors. Their particular object is not known, it being the belief of some that they have come to ask the establishment by the Hudson Bay Company of a trading post at Turtle Mountain, on or near the boundary line, while others assert that they desire to visit Fort Abercrombie with a view to make peace. Colonel Adams has no faith in the latter supposition, but is impressed with the

9 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

