
conviction that they are seeking to supply themselves with ammunition to carry on the war against us, and the character of the bands composing the camp, if correctly designated, leads me to entertain the same opinion. A part, at least, of this force is from the camp which since last spring has been located near the Dog's Lodge, west of Devil's Lake, and of which I have several times advised you as containing an assemblage of the most desperate ruffians in the country. The camp at Dog's Lodge consisted of 400 lodges, and composed the den of thieves from which have issued the raiding parties who have from time to time visited our frontier. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams expresses some apprehensions lest the command of Captain Donaldson, engaged in patrol duty along the Red River toward Pembina, should be attacked, but I do not share them, but rather fear some forays from the young men upon the border settlements on the north of the Minnesota River.

Major Clowney reports from Fort Wadsworth, 30th ultimo, the safe arrival of Lieutenant Phillips and fifty men Second Minnesota Cavalry, who acted as escort to Captain Fisk's train from that post to the Missouri, and for whose safety I have expressed some solicitude. Captain Fisk gave a quasi order to Lieutenant Phillips to continue with him to the Yellowstone, which the latter very properly declined to obey, as it was in direct contravention of his orders from Major Clowney, given in accordance with instructions from me. Lieutenant Phillips made a report of his tour, copy of which will be made and sent for your information. He fell in with a good many Indians who had papers from General Sully to hunt, and some of them informed our scouts that the country was swarming with hostile savages, cautioning them to beware of straggling far from the main body. On our immediate border everything is quiet, although rumors of Indians are rife as usual, to which I pay little attention. Still, I shall not be surprised if the necessities of the several bands should impel them to a series of demonstrations along our extensive line, with a view to procure supplies of horses and other plunder before the setting in of winter. With the assistance of the two companies U. S. Volunteers and of the same number of Hatch's battalion, ordered to report to you, I shall be able, I trust, to repel and punish any such attempts.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 9, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 5th instant. The misconception of your orders relative to the movements of the battalion of Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers was confined to my dispatch to you, as has been already explained. The service of the cavalry companies employed in escort and scout duty at and in connection with Fort Wadsworth has been so incessant and severe that it has been necessary to feed some grain to the horses to keep them in any condition, but it has not been my intention that they should receive a full allowance; indeed, the very nature of the labor they have had to perform has precluded any such, as they are for the most part

