
on the move at a distance from any station where grain could be procured. I have directed the chief quartermaster of the district to dispatch only enough grain to Fort Wadsworth to feed 100 animals during the winter, which number will include all the animals employed in the post teams, &amp;c. It will be absolutely necessary to have a small force of mounted men, scouts, &c., at that remote post.

From the expressions used in your instructions to General Sully of 16th ultimo, copy of which I received, as well as from the tenor of your private note of 27th ultimo, I certainly understood that the original programme relative to the troops from this district was to be carried out, which was that after a general engagement with the hostile Indians the force under Thomas was to return, sweeping the country on the north and east of the Missouri on their way, while Sully would execute his part by proceeding to the Yellowstone and establishing the post at the point designated. As it is I have no idea that he will get back to Fort Rice before 1st to 10th October, for, according to my estimate, he will have at least 500 and perhaps 600 miles to perform if he is compelled to visit Fort Union for supplies, which I suppose will be indispensable, and it must be recollected that after the first severe frost, which occurs at an early season in that high latitude, the grass and mules too weak to make rapid marches. The delay I thus anticipate before Thomas can recross the Missouri and do his part in covering our frontier with his returning forces renders me more and more anxious to dispatch all the men I can spare to the outer line of posts, and I therefore respectfully urge that in addition to the two companies U. S. Volunteers expected to-day the two additional companies of the Independent Battalion ordered to report to you be placed at my disposal as soon as practicable. Whatever forays are designed by the savages will be attempted very soon, and I propose to be prepared for them at every point as fully as the means at my command will permit. My belief is that there will be concerted action, if any at all, and that several parties will strike at as many different settlements about the same time. The very destitution of the savages will impel them to speedy action before the approach of winter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,September 9, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: I have the honor to report having discovered no traces of any hostile Indians since my last report, and my scouts and cavalry have been on the alert, scouting about in different directions from the post. I have discharged Scout L. T. Prescott at his own request, as he presented satisfactory reasons why he should be relieved from duty, and on recommendation of Major J. R. Brown. Scout David Merchant also made an application for discharge, which I granted on recommendation of Major J. R. Brown, knowing said Merchant to be incompetent to perform the duties of a scout. It was my intention to discharge him whether such was his request or not. The work of erecting buildings progresses rapidly, the men all working well. There has been but one day's delay

