
to and turned over to the supervising special agent of the Treasury Department, to be disposed of as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct, under act of Congress approved March 12, 1863, the said cargo, or a portion thereof, being subject to capture as the property of the rebel government. This disposition of the property is directed upon representations that loyal persons residing in this city have in good faith acquired equitable interests to a part of the cargo of said steamer.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 10, 1864.

Honorable B. F. FLANDERS,

Supervising Special Agent Treasury Dept., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication* of this morning with the accompanying papers in relation to cotton brought to this city by the steamer Rob Roy under contract made by Mr. Mansfield with certain parties living within the rebel lines. I have no doubt from these papers, and from other information in my possession, that a portion of this cotton is the property of the rebel government, and that it is still subject to capture wherever it may be found. The allegations indicate a violation of the conditions of the licenses authorized by the President, which would subject the interest of the other portion to confiscation, and I suggest that the subject be submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury with the recommendation that the cotton or its proceeds, if it has been sold, may be seized in order that the interest of the rebel government may be determined and applied to the use of the United States, and that the other parties may be required to show their interests are not liable to confiscation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 244. New Orleans, September 10, 1864.

1. The Thirty-eighth Iowa Volunteers having been ordered to report at these headquarters by paragraph 7 of Special Orders, No. 123, from the headquarters of the Military Division of West Mississippi, is temporarily assigned to the forces commanded by Brigadier General T. W. Sherman.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., September 10, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: You will proceed with as little delay as possible to the headquarters of the Department of Arkansas and confer with Major-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

