
General Steele in relation to affairs in that department. It is not my intention to assume any active operations west of the Mississippi, unless forced to do so in order to secure the line of the Arkansas or prevent the invasion of Missouri, as I wish to resume operations from Mobile Bay, and to do this I wish to have the troops sent to General Steele returned as soon as his position on the line of the Arkansas is effectually secured. If you find on your arrival at the mouth of White River that General Steele's line or the invasion of Missouri is seriously threatened you will order up the remainder of your corps, or as much of it as you may consider necessary, and assume command of all the troops you may find on White River (not included in General Steele's command) and employ it as you may find most advantageous to the service, reporting to General Steele for orders in relation to any future or combined operations that may be necessary. Transportation for the remainder of your corps will be sent at once to Morganza, and the command at that place will be held in readiness to move upon the receipt of your orders. I am not assured that the movement against the line of the Arkansas is real, and I wish your command to be kept well in hand in order that it may be employed elsewhere, if this movement should prove to be a feint and the real attack determined elsewhere. Please communicate as frequently as possible any information that you may acquire either on the route up the river or after your arrival in Arkansas.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that near the junction of Little Bayou Pigeon and Grand River is where a large party of the rebels rendezvous. They run a mail through there from the La Fourche twice a week. The general intended to have a combined expedition of army and navy to clear out that place and catch them, if possible, but the navy got their boat in Pigeon Bayou before notifying him, so that the junction has not been made; but he is glad that the navy has met with some success.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., September 10, 1864.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of New Orleans:

Your communication of the 5th instant is at hand, but the pressure of business has prevented an earlier reply. The general's impressions of the country are correct. From this point you can go through swamps belly deep to a horse, and by crossing little bayous not laid down on the map reach Lake Verret, and from that by canoes or pirogues, go anywhere from Napoleonville and Paincourtville. You can cross Grand Bayou, Bayou Corn, Bayou Pierre Pass, and reach Bayou Natchez, but nothing but pirogues can pass up this side of Lake Natchez. To

