
reach the head of Lake Natchez, or that part of Grand River, it is necessary to go around by Bayou Goula. The party of guerrillas who have been disturbing us are now camped just below the conjunction of Grand River and Little Bayou Pigeon. They belong principally to the Eighteenth Louisiana Infantry and are commanded by Captain Whitaker, and number about eighty men. I think I can capture them, and if the general commanding the defenses consents I will undertake it. My plan embraces three joint expeditions by the way of Little Bayou Pigeon, with a gun-boat and 100 picked men; one of 200 picked men by the way of Bayou Goula, and down Grand River, and the third by the way of Bay Natchez, to ambush them and cut them off from escaping below. To make this a success all of these expeditions should arrive at the point at 12 m. on some day designated. If the general agrees with me that the expedition promises success and desires me to undertake it please telegraph me at once.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

THIBODEAUX, September 10, 1864.

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The guns captured by Major Conover from the guerrilla robbers were shotguns, nothing more.* I hope I did not leave the impression that they had artillery.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

BONNET CARRE, September 10, 1864. (Received 10 a.m.)

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Flint, from the 18-mile detachment, reports that Gonzales' company of guerrillas came in within six miles of the camp and carried off a lot of mules and horses on the night of September 8. All quiet here.

W. S. MUDGETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

(Copy to Major George B. Drake.)
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. HALL,

Fort Pike:

You will make an expedition up Pearl River after the jayhawkers you speak of in your dispatch of to-day.+ The navy has been requested to co-operate.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See dispatch (received 7.30 p.m.), Part I, p.747.

+See Part I, p.758.

---------------

