
have arrived at Devall's Bluff and Brownsville. My cavalry force is too small to meet Price and Shelby united. I shall therefore make up a force that will be strong enough to meet them. Price has eighteen and Shelby six pieces of artillery. If we cannot catch them we can at least make it difficult for them to get away, if they should be pressed in Missouri. They tried to capture the little force at Lewisburg, but Colonel Ryan fell back successfully, bringing in all the public stores. Shelby's men can live on green corn without salt, and can run fast enough to keep out of the way of our cavalry, as is shown by the failure of the expeditions which I have sent against him. The principal part of Magruder's infantry is reported now at Princeton and Camden.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

U. S. GUN-BOAT HASTINGS,

Devall's Bluff, September 10, 1864.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,

U. S. Army, Commanding U. S. Forces before Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have come up the river with additional gun-boats to assist in your movements. From the information I can gather here, I am not likely to have the pleasure of seeing you unless I go over to Little Rock to congratulate you on your success and triumphs. This river is falling, and there is not now over five feet of water on some of the bars. If this is to be your base of supplies, the low water coming requires your prompt attention, as at three feet, the low-water stage, steamers could bring up very little freight indeed, while we have but one or two gun-boats of sufficiently light draught to act as convoy. It is probably that all the gun-boats, except two, will be obliged to leave this river within two weeks' time. If I could have obtained conveyance I would have gone over to your camp to-day. Horseback riding for such a distance is rather too much for the uninitiated. We will make an effort to get up to Jacksonport, leaving here in the morning. I shall be glad to be of service to you in every way possible.

I am, general, respectfully and most truly yours,

S. L. PHELPS,

Commanding Sixth and Seventh Divisions, Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 10, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM CROOKS,

Commanding District, Helena:

COLONEL: Yours of the 5th to Major Morgan is received. My troops are all gone, and I have scarcely enough for the defense of this city. I would gladly send you help if I could do so, but it is impossible. If the enemy is on his way to Missouri he will not turn aside from the main chance to come into the Mississippi. General Canby has sent up 7,000 troops from below, who are now at mouth of White River.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

