
be rendered unserviceable to the enemy. Should Price's force be moving this way your task will be difficult if not impossible. Should, however, his main forces be moving north, you can easily make whatever rebels there may be in the country believe that you are the advance of a large force, and you can thoroughly cover the boats and perhaps get them lightened so that they can come down the river. You will call at the telegraph office for an operator, who will accompany you with a pocket information. The commanding officer Third Arkansas Cavalry, encamped on the north side of the river, on Lewisburg road, about eleven miles and a half from the bridge, is ordered to furnish you with guides, but you will not delay your march if they are not ready. A considerable additional force will be in readiness to follow you to-morrow morning, but will not move until information is received from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MOYERS,

Commanding Post, Brownsville:

Send immediately to Colonel Geiger, commanding at Austin, that Colonel Ryan evacuated Lewisburg yesterday and fell back as far as Palarm bridge, eighteen miles from here, last night. Ryan reports that Shelby was on the march to intercept him between the Cadron and Palarm. Price is reported at Dover with cavalry and artillery. The rebels entered Lewisburg after Ryan retreated.

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Hudson's Crossing, Neosho River, N. C., September 10, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit to your possession, by messengers, the following letter containing particulars in reference to my command. I received your note on the 7th instant, dated headquarters Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N., August 30, 1864, containing instructions from district headquarters. The instructions will be strictly complied with a these headquarters. I have been very active in sending scouts out in all directions, distance about eight to ten miles.

I herewith acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated headquarters Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N., September 1, 1864. Having been here but a few days I have been very busily at work. I reached this point on the 27th of last mouth. Work going on fine. The soldiers, generally speaking, are in good health, fine spirits, and but very little to eat. One of my scouts came in last evening. He reports about 500 rebels near Hog Eye. About 300 went in pursuit of them evening before from Spring Creek, in command of Ah-le-te-sky from near Cabin Creek. The battle was expected to come off yesterday. I have not heard from them since. I presume the rebels to be of the same party that burned the hay, as there was a large party crossed Grand River a few days since near Davis Vann's. I examined the hay since the

