
rains and find it to be very much damaged. Fine prospect for cutting hay in this vicinity. No particulars of interest. Times all quiet at this time.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

MOSES PRICE,

Captain, Commanding Station, Hudson's Crossing, C. N.

NEW ORLEANS, September 10, 1864-12 m.

(Received 17th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

Your dispatches of the 2nd, 3rd, and 5th have been received. I am greatly gratified by the promptness with which you sent Mower's division to Steele's assistance. Rosecrans was notified of the movement, and that an invasion of Missouri was intended. There will probably be raids, but I do not think a serious invasion will be attempted so long as we can hold the line of the Arkansas River. There are only two routes by which Missouri can be invaded, first, by the way of Springfield, and the other by Pilot Knob. The first is impracticable for a large army for the want of supplies, and the second is so dangerous that the army that attempts leaving a considerable force behind is almost certain to be lost. I do not wish to undertake any serious operations on Arkansas River for the present, as those in contemplation in Alabama are of greater importance, and I propose to withdraw for this purpose the troops sent up to Steele as soon as the necessity has passed away. Sherman wishes to the detachment of the Seventeenth Army Corps, now in Arkansas, to be sent to him, and, as I have directed, Major-General Reynolds will relieve it and order it to report to you.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, September 10, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Cairo, Ill.:

General Grant leaves the selection of your line of operations against Price, Marmaduke &amp; Co. entirely to your own judgment. Before deciding you had better consult with General Rosecrans and others in regard to the assistance and co-operation they can give you. You will not wait for any further instructions, but proceed at once to organize and operate against the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 10. Cairo, Ill., September 10, 1864.

I. Lieutenant N. N. Tyner, acting assistant inspector-general, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, is hereby announced as acting assistant adjutant-general of this command during the illness of Lieutenant James B. Comstock.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Colonel William T. Shaw:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

