
SAINT LOUIS, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Warrensburg:

Get the Second Colorado ready secretly to move to join General Curtis. I will send you the Fifth Missouri State Militia as soon as I can spare them. Report how soon they can [move].

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., September 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a young man by the name of Dean, residing six miles north of Holden, who had been acting as a guide for scouting parties from Holden, was murdered by bushwhackers on the night of the 7th instant. Last night four citizens, known as rebel sympathizers, or, as they call themselves, "Southern men," were killed by some unknown persons in uniform, and supposed to be soldiers from the camp at Holden, in retaliation for the killing of Dean. There is a growing exasperated state of feeling among the loyal citizens and our soldiers that augurs a bloody future unless the people take the matter in hand and act fearlessly and promptly in putting a stop to this infernal guerrilla warfare.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT,In the Field, September 10, 1864.

[Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that since my last report all the available force of my command have been on the move. Major Mullins, with Companies A, E, and G, on the 7th, moved to Saline County via Dover. He encountered several small parties of guerrillas in the vicinity of Dover, or rather between Waverly, having three different skirmishes, capturing several horses, two McClellan equipments complete, arms, &amp;c.; is not certain that any were killed. He reports about sixty in that vicinity, for of them Anderson's men. He reports but very few in Saline County since the Tipton raiders left, which was a part of them he met in the vicinity of Dover. Lieutenant Teel, Company H, with fifty footmen, has been in the Dover country since the 7th. I have heard nothing of them, only a report that they were fighting southwest of Dover on the morning of the 11th. Lieutenant Augustine, Company L, I also learn, ran on to a party of four on the Warrensburg road on the 9th while they were robbing the mail. He is still out. I have nothing official from him. I will be able to give a more satisfactory report in my next of the success of Lieutenants Teel and Augustine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

