
get where they have been acquainted. He says there is great suffering in the rebel ranks; that Marmaduke has about 6,000 men. He was very ragged when he came here. All quiet at present.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. T. GOODBRAKE,

Captain, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Station.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., September 10, 1864.

Major J. B. KAISER,

Commanding Post:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 147, headquarters Post of Rolla, Mo., I started from Rolla about 6 p.m. of the 7th instant and proceeded to the Sycamore Springs and found the Waynesville post train there. The other two trains had not come out so far. During the night Thomas Houk, prisoner, absented himself. On the following morning the Waynesville post train being ready about 5 o'clock, I detained it until 6, when I understood the other train had taken the Ridge road to Little Piney. I sent the sergeant of Company K with his men to guard it to Little Piney, where I awaited their arrival. On their coming up I informed the wagon-masters that I wished them to proceed to Big Piney for the reason that the Waynesville post train and escort had only rations for that night, and the were bound to go through next day. One of the wagon-masters refused to go. His proper name I do not know, but he goes by the name of Frenchy. It not being at that time quite 12 o'clock, and the distance to Big Piney only eight miles, on account of the refusal of said Frenchy I was compelled to encamp two miles above the Harrison farm, a regular crossing for guerrillas. As soon as it became dark I had two posts put out where I thought most available to protect the horses and trains, the men lying close to their horses, expect the guards, which remained in one place. About 10.30 o'clock the sentinel on post hearing a horse on the side of the bluff, commanded halt. It not being obeyed, fired. The camp being alarmed the horses were examined, and two were found missing. The men were not all to bed at the time, and it being dark pursuit was impossible. On the following morning I took part of the escort to scout a short distance from the camp to see if I could find any sign, and got one horse the thieves had abandoned, he being rode down, and at 7 o'clock the wagon-master previously spoken of was not ready to leave camp. I was therefore compelled to divide the escort, as the Waynesville post train had to go through for want of provisions, as before stated, and when I remarked so to said Frenchy, he said he had seventeen days to make the trip, and he would go no farther than Big Piney, distant six miles from him camp. I therefore proceeded to Waynesvile with the post train, the other Government train following, and arrived at 1.30 p.m. the 9th instant. I therefore submit the foregoing for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN CARVILL,

Second Lieutenant Company B, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 244. Springfield, Mo., September 10, 1864.

1. Captain M. L. Alsup, commanding Company H, Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry, is hereby directed to send the enlisted men of his command,

