HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, September 10, 1864.

Governor JOHN EVANS,

Territory of Colorado:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 9th instant, with extract of letter from Major S. G. Colley, requesting that a sufficient force be stationed at the Indian agency for the protection of the crops at Point of Rocks are Government or individual property, or if any of the buildings in such condition as to be damaged by fire? I am compelled to station troops at Bent' Old Fort, it being the junction of Santa Fe and Denver line of coaches, which is our only mail line at this time, and a large amount of stock has to be kept there. If the crop at the Indian agency is Government property I will station a squad there until it can be gathered, but if it is individual property I cannot do so, as you will readily see that it would involve the stationing of troops at every ranch or farm in the country. I will give orders to troops stationed at Camp Fillmore above, and at Bent's Old Fort below, to give all the protection in their power, and I repeat, if the crops at Indian agency are Government property, then they shall have some men until they are gathered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District.

CITY POINT, VA., September 11, 1864-10.30 a.m. (Received 1 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If a good, competent inspecting officer can be sent to the Department of Arkansas at this time I think it would have a good effect. I understand there are many irregularities between Helena and Little Rock that want correction. Special attention should be called to the manner of guarding and protecting stores on the route between the Mississippi and Little Rock.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CAIRO, ILL., September 11, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding, &amp;c., New Orleans:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information a copy of a dispatch this day to the Secretary of War. This was written after consultation with General Washburn, at Memphis. I, of course, know not under what particular orders your troops were moving, and, therefore, after giving the general's views, as well as own, left the disposal of the future movements with the authorities at Washington. Cairo has been taken from the District of Columbus and added to Illinois. I think this unfortunate. General Paine has been relieved to go to General Sherman, and General Meredith is in command, being now at Paducah. Colonel McArthur is in command of Columbus, with his regiment of colored artillery, 1,000 strong, the time of the two regiments of 100-

