
days' men having expired, and they desire to go home. The force thus reduced is too small for Columbus and the points dependent upon it. Four regiments of 100-days' men have just left Memphis, but the troops remaining are sufficient. General Washburn has two brigadier-general without commands-Prince and Veatch. I should like to see the former in a good command. He is an excellent soldier, and a gentleman, and would make a good commander for Natchez, should a change be made at that place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAIRO, ILL., September 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On leaving Natchez I ascertained that Harrisonburg had been evacuated by the rebels, and that the troops, as well as others in Louisiana, were under orders for Missouri; also that the effort of a large body to cross the Mississippi from Louisiana had failed, owing to the vigilance of the navy, and, it is said, the refusal of the troops to cross. It is undoubtedly the fact that an expedition into Missouri with a large force had been determined on. At Helena Colonel Crooks said their forces were at Augusta and Batesville, under Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby, their principal depot being at the latter place. If they cross White River at these two points they may operate in two columns. They have mounted every man possible, and have 10,000 such troops. General Washburn sent a division of 4,000 up White River to co-operate with General Steele, and also threw across the Mississippi 2,000 cavalry. General Canby sent from Morganza to White River 7,000, where they arrived at night the 7th instant. The water being very low the transports will not be able to ascend any distance. General Steele's last dispatch, not very late, represented the rebels as south of the Arkansas, but the belief is that they have crossed and are on march for Missouri, of which General Washburn will very soon be informed. General Washburn is of opinion that the Morganza column should in such case go to Missouri-say, first, to Cape Girardeau-to intercept them; and whilst I am not aware of General Canby's orders, this seems to me to be proper. If this view is concurred in, as General Washburn feels he has no control over those troops, would it not be well to give him discretionary orders in regard to them should he find the rebels on or have crossed White River? I will send a copy of this dispatch to Generals Canby and Rosecrans for their information. I leave to-morrow for Paducah.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 11, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

I have received no reliable information in regard to the movements of the enemy in Arkansas since I last wrote. General Bussey was here from Little Rock to-day, which place he left three days ago. He says that Price and Fagan, with 3,000 to 5,000 men, have certainly crossed the Arkansas River, and no doubt bound for Missouri. They

