
opportunity of renewing his exploits in that direction. He frankly avowed that he was one of the party of nine who had been on a horses-stealing expedition to the settlements. He seemed perfectly indifferent as to his fate, and will probably receive no more mercy than he expected. I have given positive orders that no quarter shall be given to those savages who are found in the act of committing depredations on the settles.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: Herewith inclosed you will please find special order detaching Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, from the garrison at Fort Ridgely and ordering it to Fort Wadsworth, acting as a portion of the train of public supplies, which it is supposed will be ready for departure from Ridgely on the 5th instant. You will, of course, see to the prompt execution of the order. This diminution will still leave about 150 men at Fort Ridgely, according to your report of 28th ultimo, which is considered quite sufficient for the present. Should the two additional companies of the Independent Battalion be turned over for duty in the district, they will be armed as infantry temporarily and dispatched to the frontier. Lieutenant Tilton, of Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin, will, according to order also inclosed, turn over the command of the detachment under his orders to some officer to be designated by you and accompany his company on the march. It will be necessary to send back the detachment of cavalry en route downward with the train that they may act as escort with returning train from Fort Wadsworth.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,September 1, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: The communication dated August 19,* also one dated August 22,* with sealed orders for Colonel M. T. Thomas, commanding expeditionary force, were received on the 29th of August. I have been on the watch for the hostile Indians supposed to have passed near this post, but up to this time have not succeeded in capturing any of them, excepting the one reported in my last report. This one I have in safe-keeping. Lieutenant Phillips returned to this post on the 27th of August from Fort Rice on the Missouri River after escorting Captain Fisk's train to that place. (Please see his report.+) Lieutenant Gardner, Company M,

---------------

* See Part II, pp. 777, 815, respectively.

+ See Part II, p. 947.

---------------

