
will be re-enforced at Jacksonport by Shelby, with 3,000 or 4,000 men. Bussey says that there is no use for the men up White River that you have sent there, and General Mower writes me the same in regard to his force now at Devall's Bluff, yet General Steele is constantly calling for more. I sent him over 2,000 of my best cavalry when I supposed that he was in a tight place, but requested that he would send them back as soon as the emergency was over. I want them back here very much, for their absence so cripples me in cavalry that I cannot make raids to hold Forrest here in the country. Forrest is now near Oxford, but is so reduced that with all my cavalry back, because I know that if it stays thirty days in Arkansas it will be ruined. The reports I have in regard to the cavalry in that department are fearful. When I sent mine over there I wrote General Steele that it was to help him out of a tight place, and that I would rely upon him to send it back as soon as the emergency was over. If the mounted force of the enemy goes to Missouri, they can have no use for my cavalry on White River. Will your order General Steele to send it back? I am now very bare of troops here. The 100-days' men are nearly all gone, and Smith and Mower both gone, leaves me not over 800 white infantry, with the colored troops and cavalry. I beg that you will order all of my cavalry back at once.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

P. S.-A dispatch which I have from Steele, dated the 7th, makes no mention of Price having crossed the Arkansas.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 11, 1864.

Honorable B. F. FLANDERS,

Supervising Special Agent Treasury Dept., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I return herewith the papers in the case of the cotton of Mr. J. T. Murray. The evidence in this case is not satisfactory. Under the rules of the rebel authorities in the Department of Mississippi, Alabama, and East Louisiana, and the orders of the general commanding the Homochitto District (from which this cotton was brought), the exportation of cotton is prohibited except in exchange for supplies for the rebel government. The presence of a rebel picket at the place of shipment and the apparent collusion with the picket furnish strong presumptive evidence that the conditions were complied with, and to the extent that the rebel government is interested the cotton is subject to capture. It should be held until the claimants furnish satisfactory evidence that the rebel government has had and has now no interest in the cotton.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 125. New Orleans, La., September 11, 1864.

1. The commanding officer Seventy-seventh Illinois having reported his regiment at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders,

