
his men comfortably located in camp. He reports communication open to Little Rock, and sent his dispatches to Major-General Steele on the gun-boat Rocket. Saint Charles is in the possession of our forces. General Mower, with his command, left that point on the 8th instant for Little Rock.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3RD. DIV., 19TH A. C.,

Morganza, La., September 11, 1864.

Agreeably to orders from corps headquarters, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this the First Brigade.

WM. McE. DYE,

Colonel Twentieth Iowa.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Saint Charles, Ark., September 11, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I reached this point this afternoon after a very disagreeable trip. We moved very comfortably in the Pringle until yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock a log got entangled in the wheel and broke out three of the buckets and arms. We tried to navigate with one wheel, but found it impracticable. Stopped for repairs, which detained us until 8 p.m. Just as we were ready to resume our journey a steamer coming down the river rounded to and anchored close by. The captain came on board and informed me that without an expert White River pilot it would not be safe to attempt moving in the night. Neither of my pilots ever having run White River, concluded to wait until morning. Put out pickets and remained undisturbed until daylight this morning when we resumed our trip. After proceeding about two miles the pilot ran the vessel onto a sand-bar. I was standing on the hurricane deck at the time, and thought it very strange that an experienced pilot could commit so gross a breach of common sense, it being evident to me that he was clear out of the channel. We proceeded about one mile farther, when it was reported to me that the vessel had sprung a leak and was rapidly filling. Immediately went to the hatch and found about ten inches of water in the hole, pumps out of order, and wholly inadequate to throw out as fast as the water rushed in. Stores becoming wet, when we immediately began to hoist out. Just as I got the ammunition and clothing out, the steamer Mittie came along, hailed her, and got aboard with Captain Henley and orderly, and came on. After traveling about three miles, met the steamer Melonette and gave the captain a written order to proceed to the Pringle, report to Lieutenant Colonel John A. McLaughlin, of the Forty-seventh Indiana, and take off a sufficient number of the men and loading to light the Pringle so she could come over the bars. He did as directed and brought up 400 men, reaching here about 5 p.m. The Pringle reached the landing here at about 8 o'clock this evening. All the officers with whom I have conversed unite in saying the pilot, Lucas, used every effort possible, in their judgment, to sink the Pringle. The result of the damage as reported to me by Captain Massie, acting commissary, and Lieutenant Brugh, acting quartermaster, is as follows: 2 barrels of sugar, 2 bar-

