
rels of ground coffee, 2 barrels of flour, and 2 barrels of beans are about half destroyed; and of the quartermaster's stores, 7 sacks of oats, making 1,120 pounds. This pilot, Lucas, is most eminently a Southern gentleman, born in Georgia near the line of Florida, and, judging from the complexion of skin and the kinks in his hair, is either of Seminole or Congo extraction, and I would respectfully suggest that he may possibly be a rebel spy acting in the capacity of a professional pilot. Whatever may be his ancestry he is wholly unfit as a pilot, and in my judgment should be excluded from the profession hereafter. Would send him down under guard if I did not think him too contemptible to thus honor. The captain, Murdock, did what he could to get along, but he has no command of his crew. Colonel Greene, of the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, reached here last evening about 8 p.m. Was informed by the commander of the of the gun-boats, immediately on his arrival, that a rebel force, reported 300 strong, with four pieces of artillery, expected to make an attack upon them this morning. He immediately moved his regiment from the boat inside the fortifications; put out a picket of 100 men. Soon after the two sections of the Seventh Massachusetts Battery came up the Hamilton Belle, and under the command of Lieutenant Bean. They were placed in position ready for action at any moment. The night wore away, morning dawned, and to their great disappointment the 300 rebels with their four pieces of artillery did not appear, and all yet remains quiet at Saint Charles. I have placed the regiments in camp in good position, as follows: The Forty-seventh Indiana on the right, the Ninety-ninth Illinois on the left, the Twenty-first Iowa in the center, inside the outer line of fortifications, and the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, and One hundred and twentieth Ohio as a reserve on the inside of the inner line of works. Our position is strong and we can defend it against any assault the enemy can make against us, care now what his reasonable numbers may be. The cavalry, under command of Captain Graham, Eighty-seventh Illinois, are camped on the right of the Forty-seventh Indiana and to their rear, near the bank of the river. Have pickets out about half a mile. Will revise and correct the picket-line to-morrow. Since reaching here have learned of three rebel soldiers recently returned from the army. One is said to be discharged, came home yesterday. Will send the cavalry out in the morning and try to arrest them. If successful will send them down to you the first opportunity. Think I can get forage plenty in the country and also fresh meat in abundance. Will try and press into the service a sufficient number of negroes and mules out of which to manufacture cattle drivers. Have located four pieces of the artillery on the outer works commanding the whole front, and two pieces in the inner works as a reserve. Think and believe our position cannot be successfully assailed. Two gun-boats are lying in the river. Will report to you from time to time when anything occurs worthy of notice.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. SLACK,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Numbers 240. Helena, Ark., September 11, 1864.

* * * *

II. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 209, from headquarters Department of Arkansas, the One hundred and forty-third Illinois Infantry is hereby relieved from duty in this District of Eastern Arkansas, and

