
will proceed without delay to Alton, Ill., and report to the superintendent volunteer recruiting service for the purpose of being mustered out at the expiration of their term of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel William Crooks:

F. E. SNOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 52. Near Brownsville, Ark., September 11, 1864.

Information has been received at these headquarters that gross outrages have been committed by soldiers of this command upon the persons and property of loyal citizens of Brownsville, Ark. In one instance the clothing, valuables, and household goods of a lady who is the wife of a Federal officer were taken and destroyed, and the owner insulted and abused. Brigade commanders will at once take measures and use their utmost endeavors to ferret out the miscreants who perpetrated these outrages and bring them to punishment. If the individuals cannot be identified the regiments to which they belong will be assessed the amount of damages sustained, and if the regiment cannot be found the damages will be assessed upon the brigade, if possible, to discover that to which they belong.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., September 11, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Div. of West Mississippi:

Reports continue to come in showing concentration of troops in the vicinity of Jackson. The public talk is an attack on this place with the purpose of capture. A man here received yesterday a letter from his sister at Yazoo City, saying that she had just seen General Ross, who was lately at Atlanta, and heard him say that he was appointed to meet Polignac at Jackson, and that a demonstration would be made on Natchez to induce me to send troops from here to its relief, when this place would be assaulted. I have no signal officers here and they are very essential in case of attack. I request that four officers, with their proper attaches, be sent to me as soon as possible. When it becomes certain that an attack will be made I shall ask for more troops.

I have the honor to remain,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, MO., September 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

From General Thomas' dispatch* of this evening and the verbal report of a staff officer of General Steele's I am inclined to think the rebels will make a strong demonstration to force the line of the Arkansas,

---------------

*See Thomas to Stanton, copy of which was sent to Rosecrans, p. 149.

---------------

