
CITY POINT, VA., September 12, 1864.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

I have been told by an officer traveling over the route between the Mississippi and Little Rock, Ark., that the arrangements for supplying the army are wretchedly deficient, and show the grossest neglect of the interests of the Government on the part of many of the officers, both post commanders and quartermasters. Can you send an inspector to look into this matter? Either Colonel Biggs or Bingham would be good officers to send.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., September 12, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The latest information from General Steele is to the 4th, and from the mouth of White River to the 8th instant. General Steele has been re-enforced by 12,000 troops-5,000 from Memphis and 7,000 from Reynolds' corps. Mower's division has gone to Little Rock; the detachment of the Seventeenth Corps from Saint Charles to Devall's Bluff. Saint Charles will be reoccupied by troops from General Reynolds' corps, in order that the re-enforcement may proceed up White River without obstruction or delay. General West is still in pursuit of Shelby. General Steele is of the opinion that the bulk or Kirby Smith's army will be thrown against him. Some of the Texas troops have reached the Saline. I have directed General Reynolds to relieve the detachment of the Seventeenth Corps and send it to General Sherman. General Taylor is now in command of the Department of Mississippi and Alabama, and is concentrating his troops at Jackson. The rebels are collecting supplies at Montgomery, possibly in expectation of a movement from the Gulf. They have ordered the removal or destruction of all cotton of Pearl River. Cortina has crossed the Rio Grande to escape the French forces operating from Bagdad, and has been notified by the commanding officer at Brazos Santiago that on surrendering his arms and ammunition his party would be received as refugees, and that his presence in the territory of the United States as an armed enemy of a neutral power would not be tolerated.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 47. New Orleans, La., September 12, 1864.

The following officers are hereby announced as composing the staff of the major-general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi: Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, U. S. Volunteers, chief of cavalry; Brigadier General James Totten, Missouri State Militia, chief of artillery and ordnance; Colonel C. C. Dwight, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, agent for exchange of prisoners; Lieutenant Colonel C. T. Christensen, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel John M&gt; Wilson, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Hinsdill, chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel

