
will take the necessary steps for perfecting the organization. The regiments of this division will report as formerly to their district commander, sending copies through the commanding officers of their brigades to Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Defenses of New Orleans and Provisional Division.

4. Lieutenant Colonel William S. Abert, assistant inspector-general, will, in addition to his other duties, temporarily assume charge of the cavalry bureau of the department, relieving Major J. P. Sherburne, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 12, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General Department of the Gulf:

I have the honor to request that a regiment of cavalry be ordered to report to Brigadier-General Cameron, commanding La Fourche District, without delay, for temporary service. I have also to request that the naval commander on this station co-operate with the army in an expedition which I propose sending without delay to the junction of Bayou Pigeon and Grand River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

It is recommended that a regiment of cavalry be ordered from the cavalry division at Baton Rouge to report to General Cameron for the better protection of his district. It is also recommended that General Sherman's suggestion concerning the co-operation of the navy be favorably considered.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 12, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

I have the honor to request that a regiment of cavalry be ordered to report to Brigadier-General Cameron, commanding La Fourche District, without delay, for temporary service.* * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

