
of junction of the several parts of the expedition must be well considered and punctually conformed to. In any expedition of this sort the main object must not be lost sight of, viz, the maintenance of the La Fourche Bayou. Everything is secondary to this; therefore, whilst endeavoring to cut off the enemy on Grand River no advantage must remain with him on the La Fourche.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, September 12, 1864.

(Received 1 p.m.)

Major CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A citizen, Mr. Peter Toell, a trustworthy, loyal man, and who I believe to be perfectly reliable, has just come in, and reports that two miles above Labadieville he was accosted by the rebel Captain Bailey Vincent, with nine badly armed men, all on foot. He satisfied Vincent that he was a rebel, and Vincent sent him here to ascertain how many troops we had, how much artillery, how much cavalry, what kind of troops, whether Eastern or Western men. He was also to ascertain how many troops were at Brashear. He promised him a large pecuniary reward and gave him a dollar to purchase late papers with. My cavalry here are exhausted, but I have ordered three companies from Napoleonville to look for him. My theory is that it is a reconnaissance from the force concentrated at Franklin. If he was the advance of a large force he would not stop to purchase late papers. I am further borne out in this by the reports of the cavalry force which returned to Napoleonville from Lake Verret this morning, which report that they could find no one, but that the citizens affirm that small parties were traversing the lake yesterday and were seen in the woods on this side. To watch this large territory I should have at least 100 more cavalry sent to this place.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, Ark., September 12, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

Colonel Erskine, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, with 300 cavalry, drove in the enemy's pickets at Monticello on the 10th instant, and ascertained positively that there were three brigades of infantry, commanded by Parsons, Hawthorn, and Dockery, numbering about 4,000, with two 12-pounder and four 6-pounder guns. Prisoners captured said that 7,000 cavalry and 7,000 infantry, under Generals Walker and Prince Polignac, were on their way to Monticello from Louisiana, and that the cavalry were already on Bayou Bartholomew, twenty-three miles from Monticello. No troops at Princeton except 150 cavalry. Parsons' division of infantry, 2,500, left there for Camden on the 9th instant. Deserters say Price had from 8,000 to 15,000, with sixteen pieces of artillery, and that he had a large amount of arms and ammunition for recruits. They think he has gone to Missouri. Lane's brigade, 1,000 strong, attacked Colonel Erskine on the Warren road, who cut his way

11 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

