HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 12, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: It now looks as if Price was aiming for Missouri, and that his threatening attitude toward Little Rock was to cover his real movement. It appears that quite a force of cavalry, perhaps Fagan's has crossed the Arkansas near or at Dardanelle, and it is not unlikely that Price himself is across. Reports from Shelby's camp are that the movement is toward Missouri, and from an escaped prisoner, who left Shreveport three weeks ago, I learn that the same rumor was current there. Their purpose, however, may yet be to attack our lines. I understand Genera Steele to take the field against the enemy, but I apprehend no move will be made for a week. Major-General Mower, with a division of nearly 4,000 effectives, is just arrived at Brownsville, half way between here and Little Rock. A force, perhaps a brigade, arrived at Saint Charles night before last. General Dennis' division was at the mouth of White River waiting for transportation to come up. Probably he will take the boats that brought up General Mower's division, and so be here soon. You will think it singular, perhaps, but it is a fact that the force here under my immediate command is less than 1,000 men, though the division I command numbers more than 14,000 in the aggregate. Some of my division is at every post, four regiments and a battery being at Pine Bluff. I had hoped that before now we would have been in Texas and been re-enforced by 10,000 colored troops at least. There are thousands of negroes in that State for the service, and if commanders go there who have any zeal in bringing them into the service they will be procured. I am sorry I cannot predict anything promising in this State.

Hoping this will find you in good health, I am, truly yours,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 12, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have an effective force at this post of 25 officers and 446 men, infantry; 21 officers and 303 men, cavalry; 2 officers and 111 men, Company D, Second Missouri Artillery (6 guns); Battery M, Second Missouri Artillery (3 guns), 1 officer and 64 men-not effective for want of serviceable horses and harness.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Austin, Ark., September 12, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock, Ark.:

My patrols report that from the information they can procure from citizens, Shelby and Dobbin are moving from Batesville in this direction. I do not give this much credence, but it may be true. I have

