
WARRENSBURG, September 12, 1864.

Colonel T. A. SWITZLER,

Sedalia:

A band of guerrillas reported to be on the railroad between Knobnoster and Dresden. Send a guard of ten men on the passenger train and a like guard on the freight train to-night.

By command.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 12, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Colonel Freeman has camped with his command on Spring River, about fifteen miles below Salem, on the border of Lawrence County, Ark. Only small parties have come into the State. A scout from Hartville killed 3 Confederate soldiers in a fight in Texas County. One had a furlough from Shelby and the other two from Freeman. Jackman's brigade, composed of Coffee's, Schnable's, and Hunter's regiments or commands, is at Batesville. Shelby, with the balance of his command, has moved south of Jacksonport. All the people and troops in and about Batesville say that this rebel force intends to move into Missouri as soon as the weather is cool enough to enable them to move rapidly without spoiling their horses.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 12, 1864.

General SANBORN:

Your dispatch received. I wish you to use great caution and be ready for Shelby's movement. I apprehend that he will move by way of Pilot Knob and Waynesborough to Cass County and thence into Kansas. Have the new twelve-months' infantry thoroughly drilled. Report their condition by telegraph. Keep open your communication with General Brown; advise him of such things as you deem important, so that complete co-operation may take place.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 12, 1864.

Generals FISK and DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

Mexico operator reports some rebels at High Hill, 20 there and 500 more guerrillas threatened. Possibly this may be of use to know in moving on the rebels. Where is Forbes?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

