HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Mound City, September 12, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of South Kansas:

SIR: I would respectfully request that the major-general commanding the District of South Kansas send to this sub-district, if possible, two mountain howitzers, as, in my opinion,it is very essential for the efficiency of this command and the protection of the border counties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding First Sub-District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 36. Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 12, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Fort McRae, N. Mex., and assume command of that post.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Paul, Minn., September 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. P. ADAMS,

Commanding Fort Abercrombie:

MAJOR: Your dispatch of 4th instant has been duly received at these headquarters. The intelligence of the arrival of 350 lodges of Sioux Indians at the British settlement near Fort Garry will necessitate increased vigilance on the part of the officers charged with watching the approaches to the frontier, as the very destitution of these savages may impel them to attempt depredations before the setting in of winter. These lodges doubtless composed a portion at least of the camp on the Missouri Coteau, known to contain an assemblage of the most desperate villains from several of the bands from which have issued the raiding parties that have to some extent infested the border settlements. No doubt they will do all the mischief they can, but General Sibley does not share your apprehensions of an attack on Captain Donaldson's command, as it is not probable the Indians will attempt any demonstrations on so large and well-appointed a force as his, unless at a great and manifest advantage. You will please direct the officers in command of detached posts or parties to be particularly cautious and watchful, so as to be prepared for any emergency that may arise. A Government train of supplies for Fort Abercrombie is now on the way and will reach that post between the 20th and the end of the present month, and General Sibley directs that you take all requisite means to escort it safely to and from its destination. Application has been made to these headquarters by the Indian agent of the United States for the Chippewas for an escort for the annuity goods, &amp;c., to the crossing of Red Lake River, where the payments are to be

