
meet any other vessels coming up, and will send to Morganza by other vessels from here. Bayou Sara vessels will report to Captain Wilson at Baton Rouge. Would advise if there are many vessels going up that they go together, and I can give them a proper convoy. Should Captain Wilson be below Baton Rouge this dispatch should be shown him and he will return with them.

Respectfully,

JAS. P. FOSTER,

Commanding Second District, Mississippi River.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, September 2, 1864.

Official copy respectfully furnished Major-General Reynolds for his information, and with the request that he will be pleased to keep Captain Foster posted about the movement of the transports, their number, and time of departure.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 236. New Orleans, La., September 2, 1864.

* * * * * * *

5. The Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry (Engineers) will proceed at once to Brashear City, reporting to the commanding officer at that post for special service on the works at that place, to be superintended by the acting chief engineer of the department. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. During the temporary absence of Brigadier General Richard Arnold, Captain Jacob T. Foster, First Wisconsin Battery, is announced as chief of artillery at these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, September 2, 1864.

(Received 11.25 a. m.)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Harris, in a letter dated yesterday, says that colored persons just in report that Bailey Vincent is conscripting negroes for soldiers. Two have been shot for refusing to serve, and that this creates great dissatisfaction among the soldiers of the enemy. The enemy are hauling skiffs from Bayou Teche to Grand Lake. Eleven negroes said to be employed in making 1,000 oars. The negroes say that have heard that there are 1,000 men and two pieces of artillery between Centreville and Saint Martinville. The artillery started to come this way, but went back. Since Colonel Harris wrote his letter they have made a demonstration, but without artillery.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

2 R R-VOL XLI, PT II.

