
made. Should the major-general commanding approve of the application the escort will necessarily be ordered from the battalion under your command, and you will therefore hold yourself in readiness to answer any requisition that may be made upon you from these headquarters. The train will probably go across from Chippewa Station to Otter Tail and take the direct route to the place of payment. The escort, if ordered, will be required some time in the latter part of this month.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 13, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

In accordance with your previous instructions to me I directed General A. J. Smith to take charge of the expedition against Price &amp; Co., and to select his own line of operations after consulting with General Rosecrans and others. I so informed General Rosecrans, and directed him to assist Smith all he could. Smith answered that he would wait for further news from Price before deciding, but thought it probable that he would move by Saint Louis and Rolla. Is it now your wish that these orders be countermanded, and that Smith report for orders to General Rosecrans? Before acting on your telegram of yesterday I wish you to understand precisely what orders have already been given.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., September 13, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My instructions of yesterday for Smith were in answer to a dispatch from General Rosecrans to the Secretary of War, which was referred to me. With the instructions you had already given Smith I believe I would prefer that they should remain unaltered.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL SCOUTS,On Board Steamer Ida May, near Grand Gulf, Miss.,

September 13, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that General Buckner's command is reported to be at or near Monroe, La. His force and position about the same as when I last reported them to you. I inclose to you a letter which was taken from a Confederate soldier (Mr. C. A. Wilson) whom I captured to-day six miles back of Saint Joseph, La., by which you will learn that part of General Forrest's command was in Mobile

