
on the 5th of September and that they meditate an expedition to Tennessee, to start on the 6th. The letter was intrusted to him to carry, and I have no reason to suppose that he knew the contents, and his own statement in regard to affairs in Mobile corresponds exactly with the statements made in the letter. I therefore forward it for your information in case these movements were not known, as I think the reports of his command being near Vicksburg or Natchez is a blind to cover his actual movements. I missed getting a large Confederate mail successful. I staid at Saint Joseph but a few hours, as the machinery of the boat needs some repairs, and I am now on my way to Vicksburg for that purpose.

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Special Scouts.

[Inclosure.]

MOBILE, ALA., September 5, 1864.

Colonel S. M. HYAMS,

Natchitoches, La.:

(Kindness of Mrs. Ch. Wilson.)

MY DEAR FATHER AND MOTHER: A portion of General Forrest's command reached here yesterday, my regiment with it. We anticipate leaving to-morrow for Middle Tennessee, rear of Sherman's army. We are having a very laborious campaign, breaking down horses and men. An old college mater of mine, Charles Wilson, with his wife, is a resident above Natchitoches, on the river. Any assistance that you can render them will be highly appreciated by them, and will be doing me a favor. It is useless to give you any news, as they will be able to give it to you more fully. I have made arrangements with the Louisiana committee at this place to mail all my letters to you as I forward to them. Send mine to their care, and they will forward them to me; be sure to address my command. General Morgan was surprised some time since in Kentucky and killed. His loss is very much lamented, yet I never had any confidence in him as [an] able or efficient general. The Yankee fleet is in sight of Mobile, firing occasionally on our water batteries. It is quite interesting to see them making very feeble attacks. I can't account for not receiving letters from some of you. Please write to me. Remember me kindly to the judge and family. Kiss all for me.

Affectionately, your son,

S. M. HYAMS, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 129. New Orleans, September 13, 1864.

It having been officially reported that many prisoners are at the present time confined in the various jails of the city used by the military authorities, without any charges, and in many cases without knowledge on the part of the keepers of the prison, or of the provost-marshals, of any offense having been committed by them, and such continuous arrests without accusation or trial being wholly without justification, it is therefore ordered that when prisoners are sent to any place of confinement by or under the order of any officer of the army, they shall be

