
trate everything at the forts. If the troops employed in protecting the plantations are required for this purpose they should be drawn in and the negroes brought in with them. If you are threatened by a heavy force communicate with General Reynolds, in Arkansas, who may be able to send you assistance sooner than it can reach you from here. Both at Natchez and Vicksburg the force should be able to hold the works against any force that can be brought against them, and all other questions will be subordinate to this.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS., September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived at 12 m. to-day. Will leave as soon as steamer can coal. Lieutenant Vermilya, Thirty-sixth Iowa, was taken prisoner with train at Marks' Mills, near Saline River, between Pine Bluff and Camden, in April last; made his escape from Tyler, Tex., on 17th August; arrived at Natchez 11th instant. General impression through the country is that a movement is on foot against Steele, or into Missouri, or both. Heard that rebel army was concentrating at Monroe; saw many men deserting and going home, particularly Texans. Crossing Mississippi River was contemplated, but is now, he thinks, abandoned, many men refusing to cross, though it is reported that part of Polignac's division had crossed about Gaines' Landing. One regiment of mounted infantry, commanded by a colonel called Dog Smith, was dismounted and mutinied, and was marched to Alexandria under guard. Estimates the total force, infantry and cavalry, of rebels west of Mississippi not to exceed 18,000; says rebel army continually decreasing; no more men to conscript. Some say Price is going into Missouri with cavalry only; others with cavalry and all Missouri regiments to recruit, and others again contend the march into Missouri cannot be made. Would suggest that Eighth New Hampshire Regiment be ordered to Natchez. Have conversed with General Dana, who thinks one white regiment will answer for that post. The Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Illinois, now at Natchez, cannot prudently be moved until replaced by a white regiment.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 13, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I will hold troops in readiness to re-enforce Natchez, if necessary. General Brayman should not attempt to hold the town if threatened by a heavy force, but concentrate everything at the forts. If the troops employed in protecting the plantations are required for this purpose they should be drawn in and the negroes brought in with

