
Stephen Decatur; tenth, Iatan; eleventh, Silver Spray. The boats will continue to move in this order until the command arrives at its destination, unless otherwise directed.

By order of Colonel William T. Shaw:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Rolla, Mo.:

I think most probably Price will be in with 5,000 or 6,000 cavalry, either by you or over to the west, or by Pilot Knob and across your way. Have the utmost care that everything shall be safe inside the fort.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Major Kelly reports from Tipton bands of guerrillas south of the railroad, moving toward the Osage Hills and River; his troops in pursuit, number not stated. A band of thirty-five had a fight at Longwood this morning with Citizen Guards; result not known. Major Mullins had a skirmish near Dover on the 10th instant; captured 2 horses and 3 equipments. Do not know that any of the guerrillas were killed.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

TIPTON, September 13, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER:

I would respectfully report my headquarters and train at this place. My command is in small scouts over Cooper County and northern portion of this. Will concentrate here to-morrow evening. The guerrillas are south of the railroad in small bodies making for the Osage Hills. My men in close pursuit.

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general of the department to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, respecting the removal of the Second Colorado Cavalry from your district, and to inform you that a regiment will be ordered to report to you in a very few days to take the place of that regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

