
General Fisk has gone to Atchison and Nodaway Counties. Considerable disturbance there, mostly of a political character. Bradshaw's regiment will be ready to move as soon as the final muster is made, which will probably be done to-morrow. The arms for the two regiments have not yet arrived; are on the road, and will be distributed as soon as received.

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, First Nebraska Cavalry, and Aide-de-Camp.

MEXICO, MO., September 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Colonel Forbes is at Macon. The main force of the rebels north of the Missouri River is in Boone and Howard.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

Have you charge of the movements of the troops? They must be rapid and wisely taken. You have not told me in what parts of these counties the rebels are not the number in each camp. Is everything going on well? Answer Huntsville; will have an office temporarily.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 13, 1864.

General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

The following just received:

SAINT LOUIS, September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

The operator from High Hill reports that the rebels entered that place on the evening of the 12th about twenty strong, captured the railroad depot, destroyed the telegraph instruments, &amp;c. The rebels stated that a force of 500 would be at High Hill to-day. The gang scattered in the town, plundering indiscriminately. Please take steps to punish this outrage promptly.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Act upon this at once.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp.

CAMP ON SOLOMON RIVER, September 13, 1864.

(Received 7 p.m. 16th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I struck this river near 100th parallel. Sent scouts out to the head of Saline, finding no large body of Indians divided command; sent large portion up valley to strike O'Fallon's Bluff. With remaining 285

