
came down, scouring country on all sides. Buffalo plenty. Indians only in small parties escaping south. Shall reach settlements on Smoky Hill to-morrow. No signs of great concentration of Indians. Bands of hunters steal and scalp, but can be routed by small armed force. Stage stations, ranches, and settlements have inclosures for themselves and stock, and a few troops carefully distributed can protect settlements and lines of commerce.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

We learn directly from General Steele that Price crossed the Arkansas last Thursday at The Dardanelles with about 5,000 men, and while it is reported that he is coming into Missouri, and we are preparing for him, I think you should be on your guard. He may go up by Pilot Knob, join Cooper, and go into Kansas.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FIELD HEADQUARTERS,

Camp on Solomon River, September 13, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS,

Aide-de-Camp:

Divided my army of 628, sending part, under General Mitchell, west, to return to Platte Valley near Cottonwood, and come down with remainder, 285. Buffalo plenty, but Indians only in small, shy bands. Hope to reach settlements to-morrow.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., September 13, 1864.

COMMANDER OF THE POST:

SIR: On the 8th instant myself and General McKee (deputy U. S. surveyors), in company with our corps, numbering twenty-one men, left this post en route for the field of operations. On the second day out, when near the Republican River, we saw small Indian signals both southwest and east of us, and toward night several small parties of Indians were seen actively moving from point to point. On the following day toward evening we were camped on Turkey Creek, a tributary of the Republican. We were suddenly attacked by a considerable force of the red skins, and, after a brisk skirmish, we drove them off. We lost 5 head of work oxen. They then fired the prairie for miles along the Republican, above and below us, and we were compelled to fall back toward Fort Kearny in the night, and were pursued by them for fifteen or twenty miles, but escaped without the loss of a man. There is no doubt but a considerable force of hostile Indians are concentrated on the Republican River south and southwest of this point.

Yours,

ANGELL AND McKEE,

Deputy U. S. Surveyors.

