
command and part of Dick Taylor's, which had just crossed the Mississippi below Natchez by means of the boats sent from Meridian through Jackson, Miss. Other forces are said to be crossing above Memphis. Dick Taylor was at Meridian awaiting his troops. Forrest had two pontoon bridges across Pearl River and others reserved. It is generally believed that he intends to attack Vicksburg. The report made by C. T. Carpenter in regard to the affairs in the Red River country are not considered reliable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

U. S. VINDICATOR,

Natchez, September 14, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: One of the gun-boats of this division, the Rattler, was so unfortunate as to have 18 of her crew captured by a portion of Harrison's cavalry some nights since. The commander landed his men in disobedience of orders and fell into an ambuscade laid for him by the rebels. The men were paroled, and are now on board the Rattler. Rather than send them to Cairo, I would like very much to exchange them. General Brayman tells me he is constantly picking up prisoners, and with your permission he would turn over to me a sufficient number of effect the exchange. If this is agreeable to your wishes, upon hearing from you, I will communicate with Colonel Harrison and endeavor to effect this specific exchange.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. SELFRIDGE,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Fifth Div., Mississippi Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 48. New Orleans, La., September 14, 1864.

The further exchange of prisoners of war having been suspended by the order of the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, all prisoners of war now held at any post within the limits of this command will be sent to depots at the North with as little delay as is consistent with safe transfers. Detachments from Vicksburg and points above that place will be sent via Cairo, and from points below that place via New Orleans. Commanding officers will see that each detachment is sent under charge of a suitable guard, commanded by a commissioned officer, and, whenever practicable hence to be mustered out of service. In addition to the rolls required for the Commissary-General of Prisoners, an extra roll will be furnished the officer in charge of each detachment, who will note on it any changes that may have occurred while the prisoners were under his charge, and return it to the commander from whom he received the prisoners with the receipt of the officer (indorsed on the roll) to whom they were delivered. These rolls with the remarks of the several commanders will then be forwarded to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

