
Tex., and be reported to the commanding officer of the detachment of the regiment at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 14, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by me relative to the fact that an armed body of Mexican troops had crossed the Rio Grande above our lines, of which I advised you in a recent report. In the evening of the 8th of September I ordered Major E. J. Noyes, commanding detachment First Texas Cavalry, to move with his command up the Rio Grande to the point where the troops had crossed the river, and instructed him to demand of them the surrender of all arms and warlike stores, and to offer them the protection of the United States as refugees. I also instructed him that if he found it necessary in order to defend himself against the rebels to allow the refugees to temporarily resume their arms. Major Noyes, proceeded agreeably to the above instructions and the Mexicans willingly surrendered upon the demand being made. They were not commanded by Governor Cortina, as I was at first informed, and hence reported to you, but by Colonel Miguel Echarzarreta, Cortina not having moved his headquarters to this side of the river. Shortly after the surrender had been effected our forces were attacked by the rebels with nearly double their number, and according to my instructions the refugees were allowed to resume their arms and fought bravely with our men. After a short engagement, in which one piece of Mexican artillery was used, the rebels were repulsed with great loss. They rallied and again attacked and were again repulsed, so a third time, after which Major Noyes, being short of ammunition, fell back two miles and took a stronger position. Fearing that the rebels would receive re-enforcement from Brownsville, and would succeed in getting possession of the artillery which the refugees had surrendered to us, I advanced on the 11th, with 200 of the Ninety-first Illinois and two pieces of artillery, as far as White's Ranch, and ordered Major Noyes to fall back with his command to that place. The rebels followed with a force of about 600, but I soon routed them with my artillery. On the morning of the 12th I returned to camp, bringing with me all refugees who had crossed the river, their arms and warlike stores. Affixed to this report is a statement (which I respectfully submit as a part of the same) with regard to the number of refugees and the number and character of their arms. No casualties attended us in any of the above encounters, except one U. S. soldier captured and several refugees. We took no prisoners, but the killed and wounded of the enemy must have been great. The refugees have been very quiet and orderly since their arrival in camp, and I understand that many of the evince a desire to enlist in the U. S. Army.

Hoping that this will meet with your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago.

