
"to take no prisoners" is received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that your letter was referred to Colonel E. J. Davis, of the First Texas Cavalry, for report. His answer,* with a communication* from Major A. F. Holt, of the same regiment, touching the affair of July 28, are approved and inclosed herewith. I invite your attention particularly to the colonel's note, as I think it a fair and candid statement of the whole matter. I have only to add that if any such statements as you refer to were made, they were made without my sanction, and are not justified by any orders or instructions, either expressed or implied, emanating from the commander of the U. S. forces at Morganza or from any superior military authority.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NATCHEZ, MISS., September 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of 13th received. General Dana advised me three days since to await attack by 10,000 men; am ready, but not yet disturbed. The regiment from Morganza will be welcome. It is needed to protect leased plantations whether Forrest comes or not.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., September 14, 1864.

Colonel J. F. RITTER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will send to-morrow at daybreak all the available force of your brigade, except the First Missouri Cavalry, on a reconnaissance on the Benton road as far as the Saline River. The officer in command of the forces will report for instructions to the colonel commanding division immediately.

By order of Colonel A. Engelmann:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., September 14, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Austin, Ark.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that the Tenth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry has been ordered to report to you at Austin. The regiment is ordered to move on the main road and repair the Bayou Metoe bridge.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

