
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,
Brownsville, Ark., September 14, 1864.

Major WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of West Tennessee:

Since my last communication (10th instant) my command has been lying at this place, supplied with small grain and marching rations. By direction of Major-General Steele, I report direct to Major-General Mower, who is ordered to march in a day or two toward Lewisburg, where Fagan, with 4,000 mounted men, is reported encamped. Our force must be superior to that reported in that neighborhood, and if we should find them they will feel our strength, and you will hear a good account of our doings. General Steele says that Price and Magruder are at Monticello with about 14,000 men, half of whom are mounted. Major-General Reynolds, I am informed, is about to arrive here with 12,000 men, when probably some active operation will be commenced. The sick of my command are ordered to Little Rock, hence I infer that we shall not be returned to Memphis. From what I have learned, I think it is the intention of the general commanding Department of Arkansas to retain my command here, if not permanently, at least for some months. Should this be done, I need not assure you that the command will suffer in many points almost beyond recovery. The officers and men have pay due from April 30, and none, of course, could be drawn even after another muster for there are no records from which to make proper rolls. No proper accountability for property can be expected when detachments from eighty-four companies remain long separated from the main command. These two evils are those among the least consequent upon any long detention from the other portion of this command. Immediately upon the ending of the contemplated expedition I shall feel it my duty to communicate the condition of affairs to Major-General Steele, but of course I can say nothing when under marching orders to meet an enemy. If we can do any good to our cause, of course every one of my men will cheerfully do everything possible and sustain any inconvenience or hardship without murmuring. I can hardly hope to keep my animals in good condition for any length of time when the country has been desolated by the enemy, and the growing corn almost gone. Everything which can be done, I will, of course do, yet I am far from hopeful of keeping my command in good condition. I am directed to leave my convalescent men and disabled animals at this point, thus that portion of the command on this side of the Mississippi River will be divided into three detachments. I forward to-day a tri-monthly report of that portion of my command here, this to Captain Woodward, adjutant-general Cavalry Corps.

With much regard, I have the honor to subscribe myself your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., September 14, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: I send to you Colonel J. M. Williams, with a portion of his brigade, to be used by you in protecting yourself and the train from Fort Scott,

