
now supposed to be on its way. I wish you to send a strong escort to meet the train. I have given Colonel Williams some discretion as to whether he shall go to Fort Gibson directly or not. I have suggested to him that perhaps it would be well for him to halt at Mackey's Salt-Works and watch the fords. He would at the same time be within communicating distance of you. If he halts there you can order him up at once, if you think proper. I trust you will guard against any force crossing the river and moving up to intercept the train. A returned prisoner, who made his escape from Stand Watie's camp some three days ago, reports Stand Watie, with about 2,000 somewhere between Perryville and North Fork Town. He states that they were talking of attacking my haying party about twenty-five miles west of here, on the Sallisaw, and also of attacking the train and Fort Gibson. Colonel Williams may find it advisable to stop with the haying party referred to, which is now guarded by the Twelfth Kansas Infantry, Colonel Adams. You will, of course, scout thoroughly in the direction of the enemy. Communicate with me as often as you can.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 10th instant a brigade of cavalry, supposed to be about 1,500, was at Pocahontas; another brigade, was moving up Black River on the west side, and were near Powhatan; while another force of about 3,000, under McCray, was moving on the east side of Black River. These men are all of Shelby's command. Price and Marmaduke crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle eight or ten days ago, and will join Shelby unless the force sent from here shall be moved to intercept them, of which I think there is some prospect. That our troops will succeed in preventing a junction with Shelby is very probable, but that they will head off the raid is, in my opinion, extremely doubtful. While Shelby will probably enter Missouri near Pitman's Ferry, Price, to avoid our forces, will probably strike off toward Springfield. It he gets a day or two the start our forces can never overtake him, as he will consume everything in his line of march, and a pursuing force could not live. My information in regard to Shelby's position I consider entirely reliable, and my informant-a British subject that I employed to go within their lines, a man of great intelligence-says that there can be no doubt that they intend to invade Missouri. They expect on reaching there to receive a very large accession to their strength, and that the movement has been delayed by the non-arrival of General Price as soon as expected. I give you these facts for what they are worth. Major-General Forrest, with Chalmers' division, dismounted, left Grenada on the 5th instant, on the cars, for Mobile.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

