
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

The general commanding directs that the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry remain at Jefferson City, subject to your orders, until further directions from these headquarters. No transportation will be sent from here.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 14, 1864.

General BROWN,

Warrensburg, MO.:

The general commanding desires to hear from you by telegraph as to your knowledge of movements and operations in this end of your district.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

PISGAH, COOPER COUNTY, MO.,

September 14, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: Pardon an humble farmer for trespassing on your valuable time with the wrongs and grievances so common in various parts of our State. I have just seen a report of General Brown, stationed at Warrensburg, in which he says that all is quiet in Cooper County, and that Union refugees may return to their homes in peace. Sir, our worthy general is sadly misinformed as to the true condition we are in just now, and duty to my country impels me to give you a true but brief statement of affairs here. As things are just now ere long there will not be a Union citizen in Cooper County. The depredations of bushwhackers, their robbery and murder, have driven from their homes almost every loyal man in the county. Some who cannot leave without great pecuniary sacrifices still remain trusting their fortune to fate. Business for the loyal man is almost as nothing. In all the small villages the Union merchants have closed or are closing out and leaving, while the secure traitor smiles surreptitiously as he counts the gain he thereby enjoys. But you are told we are free from bushwhackers. Sir, it is not so. They are still here and as numerous as when they first began their depredations. The fear of peaceful citizens, their seclusion of movable property, and hesitancy to ride around vouch for the truth of what I have said. Sir, if the Union refugees return now they will find affairs no better than when they left. I have mentioned no instances, for to do so would be useless. Sir, is there no redress for us? Must Union men be thus driven from their homes rebels allowed to grow rich over their departure?

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. R. FRENCH.

CASSVILLE, September 14, 1864.

General SANBORN:

SIR: Captain O'Brien sends me what he thinks reliable, that Colonel Schnable's rebel forces have fallen back in that direction, and there is

