
also a force in that country commanded by Van Zant. And he also sends information that there is a large rebel force below Boydsville; that some of the rebel citizens that left that country some time ago have returned and say it was the intention of the rebels to attack Eastey's Ferry. He has only forty-five men at that post. I cannot get any men or women to go in that country; I will try and get some one of Gaddy's men; if no other way, I will send a soldier. I send a scout in the direction of Pea Ridge and Huntsville. Captain O'Brien thinks he will be compelled to evacuate the ferry if he cannot get re-enforcement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. MELTON,

Major Second Arkansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 14, 1864.

Major MELTON,

Commanding, Cassville:

If the force below Berryville proves to be the large force under Price and Fagan, and they advance toward Cassville, you will abandon that post in time to prevent the capture of your command and fall back toward this place, and send a dispatch to Newtonia and Neosho informing the officers there of the fact, and direct them to fall back to Mount Vernon. You will send the same information to Mount Vernon. If you abandon your post you will burn everything that you cannot bring away in the trains. Start your trains as soon as you learn that this force is in your front, and move rapidly the first day, and without halting, to this place.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CASSVILLE, September 14, 1864.

General SANBORN:

SIR: Brooks is said to be in the vicinity of Kingston with a force, reports say, from 500 to 2,000. I think not more than 500 or 600 all told. Captain Worthington will ascertain the facts, as he has been sent for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES GALLOWAY,

Major First Arkansas Cavalry.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 14, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report Colonel Bradshaw's regiment, Forty-fourth [Missouri], en route for Saint Louis, 869 men and officers. Colonel Bradshaw will report to you upon his arrival.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

