HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Fayette, Mo., September 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

I returned to this place last night from scout. Heard of no large bands. I went into the vicinity of Old Franklin and Rocheport. On Sunday my train coming from Glasgow was attacked. My escort, twenty-five strong, charged them; killed 1, wounded 1, and captured 3 horses and equipments. On Monday my command killed 5 guerrillas; captured 7 horses and 12 pistols, with loss of 1 horse killed. The last five killed were Anderson's men-some of their bridles being decked with human scalps. Captain Mayo was in command of the advance when he came upon five a house. He charged them; killed 3 of the five, and captured all their horses; one of these horses had scalps on the bridle. I am compelled to rest my horses and shoe them up. Major Leonard is out.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUSTIN A. KING,

Major, Commanding.

HANNIBAL, MO., September 14, 1864.

Lieutenant HARDING:

I wish, if possible, to have two squads of mounted men detailed for my use. I wish about ten men to each squad and a good lieutenant in command of each. I wish one detachment of these men to move about through the upper portion of this county and in Lewis County. The other I wish to operate in Shelby and in Knox Counties. With a good detective with each of these detachments I can keep myself and the headquarters posted as to all that is going on in my district. If my proposition is approved please have the order issued to have two intelligent officers and the men detailed from Colonel Kutzner's regiment to report to me immediately. Everything is getting along very well at present. There are a great many guerrillas in the country, in Ralls and in Monroe Counties; some few in the northwestern portion of this county.

Very respectfully,

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, Kans., September 14, 1864.

Major H. HOPKINS,

Second Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Escort:

MAJOR: General Price crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle last Thursday, with 5,000 men, coming north. Look sharp for your train. This comes by telegraph from General Steele. In haste.

Yours, truly,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, &c.

P. S.-I sent twenty-eight men on in wagons after you yesterday. The wagons took them to Cox's Creek and left them, and I understand they are all coming back. I shall put them in irons in the guard-house as soon as they come.

