
[Indorsement.]

ON MARCH TRAIN, &amp;C.,

September 15, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Gibson:

Major Hopkins, commanding, requests that you send all the force you can spare, with all possible dispatch, as this, with other information, leads him to believe it very necessary.

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant and Adjutant.

OMAHA, September 14, 1864.

Captain JOHN A. WILCOX,

Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Cottonwood Springs:

Dispatch 13th received. Thanks for information. I do not like to move troops, however, without knowing what orders General Mitchell left. Have telegraphed to Baumer to ascertain. Think I will send Porter to Cottonwood. Am much embarrassed by the movements of troops of which I receive no notice.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, September 14, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: I herewith inclose for your information a copy of a letter received from Major Colley, U. S. Indian agent, Upper Arkansas Agency, dated September 4, 1864, Fort Lyon, stating the location of the Arapahoes and portions of other tribes of Indians, and inclosing a proposition for peace from Black Kettle and other chiefs. A copy of the letter from Black Kettle referred to by Major Colley has, I presume, been furnished to you by the officer in command of Fort Lyon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., Sunday, September 4, 1864.

Honorable JOHN EVANS,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs:

DEAR SIR: Two Cheyenne Indians and one squaw have just arrived at this post. They report that nearly al of the Arapahoes, most of the Cheyennes, and two large bands of Ogallala and Brule Sioux are encamped near the "Bunch of Timbers" some 80 to 100 miles northeast of this place; that they have sent runners to the Comanches, Apaches, Kiowas, and Sioux requesting them to make peace with the whites. They brought a letter purporting to be signed by Black Kettle and other chiefs, a copy* of which is here inclosed. They say that the letter was written by George Bent, a half-breed son of W. W. Bent, late U. S. Indian agent for this agency. They also state that the Indians

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

