
have seven prisoners. One says four women and three children, the other states three women and four children. Major Wynkoop has put these Indians in the guard-house, and requested that they be well treated in order that he may be able to rescue the white prisoners from the Indians.

S. G. COLLEY,

U. S. Indian Agent, Upper Arkansas.

DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mew., September 14, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Stanton, N. Mex.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you detail First Lieutenant Franklin Cook, Fifth Infantry, U. S. Army, with thirty picked men from your command and have them at once prepared for field service. Lieutenant Cook will proceed at once to join Captain McCabe, First New Mexico Cavalry, now in pursuit of a party of Indians in the Sacramento Mountains. If practicable, one-half of Lieutenant Cook's party can be mounted, the remainder to be on foot. The department commander directs that every diligence be used to come up with and punish these Indians. Captain McCabe and Lieutenant Cook will stay in the field after them until they are caught, if it taken until next year to do it. It is probable that some troops will be sent out from Franklin, Tex., to co-operate with them.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. INDEPENDENT BATTALION MINNESOTA VOL. CAV.,Fort Abercrombie, September 14, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: The mail is just in from Pembina and the carrier reports Standing Buffalo Indians have left the settlement on their return to Elk Head or Deer Head, north of the Turtle Mountain. The principal men of these Indians had an interview with Acting Governor McTavish, at Fort Garry, and tried to prevail on him to give them ammunition, to take them under protection of the British flag, to build them a fort near Devil's Head, and give them big guns with which to defend it against the Yankees or Americans, all of which he peremptorily declined to do. They then left the settlement, vowing death to all white men found outside the British Possessions. They had with them a number of very fine American horses, which they boasted had been taken from Sully's command. These Sioux, while at Fort Garry, effected a treaty of peace with the Crees. This was done through a half-breed, who is reported to be very active in his opposition to the Indians offering any terms of peace. He is for war. Three of these Indians visited a Chippewa camp on Red Lake River while down there, but their mission was unknown. The Chippewas fell upon them, killed one, and the other two escaped with the loss of arms, blankets, &amp;c. The Chippewas celebrated their scalp dance and otherwise glorified the victory over their ancient enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding.

