
prisoners or booty that they may have taken from the French. They will not be received into the service of the United States for service on the Rio Grande frontier, but may be enlisted for the general service. In this case they will be sent to this city, either before or after enlistment, to be organized, armed, and equipped. Their enlistment may be their duty thereafter will be determined by the circumstances of the service. As an armed enemy of France, this force will not be tolerated in our territory, and if this be the intention of Cortina, the commanding officer will be instructed to regard and, as far as his power extends, to treat his force as enemies of the United States. You will please instruct Colonel Day, or the commander at Brazos Santiago, accordingly, and in the contingency of any of Cortina's force entering our service, give the necessary instructions in relation to enlistment, transfer to this city, and the disposition to be made of private property. The public property of the Mexican Government remains, of course, in the custody of the United States until disposed of by proper authority.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 130. New Orleans, September 15, 1864.

With profound regret the commanding general is called upon to announce the decease of Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury, U. S. Volunteers, at Key West, Fla., on the 15th of August, of yellow fever. A valiant soldier and high-toned gentleman, brave and indefatigable in the line of duty, courageous even in presence of the ravages of the fatal disease. To those who knew him most intimately the blow will fall most and will long be felt by those to whom he was a stranger. To the family of the deceased the commanding general tenders his sincere sympathy in their great affliction. As appropriate military honors the national flag will be displayed at half staff from sunrise to sunset the next day after this order is received at the various posts throughout the department, and the usual badge of mourning will be worn by the officers of his command for thirty days.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BONNET CARRE, September 15, 1864.

Captain F. SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet in my vicinity. I hear that guerrillas are making incursions in Saint James Parish, in the District of Baton Rouge, near College Point.

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Copy to Major George B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general.)

