HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., September 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER 113TH REGIMENT U. S. COLORED INFANTRY:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you act with your command as support to Captain Marr's battery, encamped in your neighborhood. You will make the necessary dispositions to comply with this order in case in case of need.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

General West was pushing for Grand Glaize when last heard from. He expected to meet Graves there and pursue Shelby, who was to cross the river at that point. I desire you to re-enforce Graves from the Saint Charles command. Send complete organizations if possible. I leave it to your discretion how large a force of that command shall be sent. I want West to have sufficient force to make a sure thing of Shelby if he can catch him. Rations should be taken so that some might be issued to the troops already up the river, if transportation can be provided. Mr. Yeakle, hay contractor, got in, having been released. He says the rebels are really starved, and if West pushes them it will be hard with them. Please answer.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 2, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

Just received your dispatch about re-enforcing Graves and suppose it was written before you received mine reporting Graves' return. The only thing I could now propose would be to send troops as far up as possible, to Peach Orchard Bluff, if no farther; there land and push on against Shelby if he is at Augusta. Disembark a scout on west side of river to notify West of affairs. We must not underrate Shelby. I have boats enough to take 2,000 men to Peach Orchard Bluff, but I have not that force to send. Taking Graves' and the two regiments already arrived from Saint Charles would make only about 1,200 effective men. I think the gun-boat and Graves should have gone till they saw something of the enemy at least.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

I am very anxious that West's movements should be supported, and wish the command you spoke of in your last dispatch got ready at once.

