HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of the telegraphic dispatch from the major-general commanding of the 13th instant. I am satisfied from the information I have received that Forrest's force has moved in the direction of Mobile.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, September 15, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: On the 10th instant a brigade of Shelby's command, about 1,500, had reached Pocahontas; another brigade was near Powhatan, on the west side of Black River, and McCray, with about 3,000 men, were moving up the east side of Black River, and were about fifteen miles from Jacksonport. Their march was being delayed by the non arrival of Price. Price certainly crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle ten days ago. The force sent from here I hope may get between him and Shelby and prevent a junction, and perhaps head off the raid entirely, though I fear not. I think it highly probable that Price will strike off toward Springfield, Mo., and if he gets a day or two the start our forces can never catch him, for a pursuing force cannot live after Price's force has passed along. General A. J. Smith, I hear, remains instant General Forrest left Grenada with Chalmers' division (dismounted) to re-enforce Mobile. Whenever you get ready to invest Mobile I shall be glad to make a big cavalry demonstration from here, penetrating as far as Selma and Montgomery, should you think such a move advisable. If I can get back the cavalry sent into Arkansas I can organize a cavalry force that can go anywhere this side of Georgia.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 15, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to transmit for your information herewith inclosed copy of General Steele's dispatch* of the 9th instant, and to state that the re-enforcements which have been sent to Arkansas will enable him to follow the enemy up in case an invasion of Missouri should be attempted.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 116.

---------------

