
appears to have been out of active service for some time, and it is not unlikely that he has been acting as a spy. The following is the article referred to:

Having seen so many different stories about the murder Quantrill, whose recent atrocities at Lawrence have thrilled the country, I deem it my duty to show the pubic, through your columns, who he is and something of his history. His name is really Henry Volney Burgees, and he was born in Todd County, Ky.

At one time he was a resident of Hopkinsville, in that State, and during the excitement of 1864 concerning the Davis murder, for which E A. Pennington was executed, and he not having a very good reputation, he went to Memphis and there associated himself with Fisher and Worthington, two gamblers, until the spring of 1850, when he removed to Texas, and was partner with a company of sports, such as Dean Mountain Jack, Old Horn, and others. He was very successful for a while, and changed his name to Hart.

He made the acquaintance of a very fine girl who lived on the banks of the Rio Honda, twenty-eight miles from Castorville, Tex., and representing himself as a land speculator, and having considerable money and fine mules attached to his ambulance, won and married the girl on the 21st of May; and about the 5th of June started with his bridge for California, but meeting with ill luck at Fort Davis and El Paso, lost all his outfit and money, and was compelled to remain there some time, living with a man named Ben Bowell, in Franklin, Tex.

During this time Charles Giddings, owner of the stage line from El Paso to San Antonio, saw his father-in-law and told him who Hard was and what he was doing. The old man came up with me to El Paso for his daughter, and would have killed her husband, but he crossed the river and could not be found. Hart came to me and represented himself broke, and wishing to come to California to make money by honest toil to support his wife and heir in expectancy, and as my company was small and the Indians bad, I consented. On our arrival at Mazatlin, Mex., he killed a Mexican robber named Miguel, and was tried before the alcalde and acquitted.

When we arrived at Los Angelos he left me, and I never saw him till the fall of 1856. I started home by way of Arizona Territory, and found Hard and Harrison at Taos, N. Mex., on their way to Utah. Captain Marcy was purchasing mules for the Utah army and I sold mine, but had to go to Fort Bridger for pay, and Hart again accompanied me, but this time with plenty of means. I remained in Utah for one year. During that time he won some $80,000, including 100 head of cattle from different parties. But the fast living of the chief, as he was called, soon relieved him of his money, and he left for parts unknown. On my arrival at Denver city he was there, and shot and killed a man named Jack O'Neil on the race course.

I again lost sight of him for some time, but after the rebellion broke out he made his way from Mexico to Arkansas, and was there joined by a few of his old associates, and proceeded to Missouri and commenced his career of murder. There was a man who came with me from Santa Fe. N. Mex., this spring who saw him, and he (Quantrill) sent a message to me by him, stating that he was in all his glory now.

WARRENSBURG, MO., September 15, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Brown is at present in eastern part of the district. Have forwarded your dispatch of yesterday.

JAS. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 198. Warrensburg, Mo., September 15, 1864.

I. Colonel James McFerran, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will repair forthwith to Mound Prairie Church, La Fayette County, and assume command of the Second Sub-District and all troops therein. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

