
FIFTEEN MILES SOUTHEAST OF REPUBLICAN CHURCH,

La Fayette County, Mo., September 15, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to state that I arrived here at 12 m. to-day. Staid last night at Camp Brown. Upon examination I find it wholly impracticable to camp there at present for the want of water for the men. I will look out the nearest and best camp to Mound Prairie Church as soon as practicable. I find the companies from Saline have been ordered here to get their rations and will be here this evening. I will send them back immediately. In haste.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

P. S.-It is reported here that Todd, with from 150 to 200 men, passed this point going east on yesterday.

J. McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Kansas City, Mo., September 15, 1864.

THOMAS HALE, Esq.,

Postmaster, Camden Point, Mo.:

SIR: Your letter of the 8th instant, asking for a statement relative to the burning of the U. S. post-office at Camden Point, Mo., is received. I would inform you that on the evening of the 13th of July, after the fight with Thornton's gang at Camden Point, it was reported to me that soldiers were setting fire an plundering some of the buildings in town. I immediately went to the place and found several houses belonging to prominent rebels inflames. I also saw a number of soldiers in and around a house which I ascertained was the post-office building, when I immediately ordered them to camp and sent for a guard to place over the building. I was called away, and in a few minutes after I saw the house in flames and concluded that the fire caught from the contiguous buildings which were in flames.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 15, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A woman came into Cassville who says she has seen several of Price's and Fagan's men who have come home, and that this force had moved toward Yellville. This may indicate a movement east, simply, and may indicate north.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

