
advancing from that quarter. Having gained all information of the enemy's movements and numbers from that section you will move back to this place with all possible dispatch.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 15, 1864.

General FISK:

The general commanding is in receipt of information, which he considers reliable, that Perkins is in Boone with about 500, the 500 not being concentrated, but in parties in different neighborhood, 200 being the most known in any one party. Perkins himself is in south part of Boone, where he has recruited a regiment of 800 men, most of whom are still at their homes. Captains Davis and Arnold, two of Perkins' captains, are in Monroe with about 200 men; Colonel Majors also in Monroe with about 500 men, mostly at their homes waiting orders to report. The utmost vigor ought to be infused into all military operations against these people to try and break up their organizations prior to the draft ordered on the 19th instant.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, September 15, 1864.

General FISK:

In view of the information I telegraphed you to-day from Howard, Boone, Monroe, &c., the general commanding is of the opinion you had better come down nearer to the scene of action, where you can be speedily advised of everything as it occurs and communicate to these headquarters.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 15, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Fisk not yet returned from Atchison County. Will be prepared to move headquarters to Macon, Mexico, or Glasgow immediately upon his return, as you may designate.

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

STURGEON, MO., September 15, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Forces under my command are actively engaged in Monroe, Randolph, Howard, Boone, and Callaway; are driving, killing, and scattering the rebels in every direction; infantry waylaying cross-roads and the cavalry chasing. I leave here this morning to take the field myself; will

