
be out several days; will communicate with you at points where I can find a post-office. Rebels cut telegraph wire last night near Renick. I will aim to capture them this morning.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, September 15, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Hdqrs., Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: The term of service of the Illinois Volunteers doing duty in this district will expire on the 28th instant. If it is within the power of the major-general commanding to replace them by other troops, it is very desirable to have it done. The effective force under my command is very limited, and as the present season is the most critical one to the border, every soldier that can be spared for its protection should be sent here. Possibly some of the 100-days' Kansas troops are available.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, September 16, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: A report reaches here this morning that Shelby had reached the Iron Mountain Railroad, and was playing smash generally. I have no doubt we shall hear of Price in that State somewhere in a few days. General Rosecrans asks me to send General Mower with his division up to Missouri, but he is beyond my reach, and not under my orders. Major-General Forrest went himself to Mobile on the 5th instant, and took some dismounted men; but on Saturday last, the 10th instant, he was at Okolona, and had gathered there all his effective mounted force, and was about to move somewhere, I think Middle Tennessee, for he knows that I am now so weak that I cannot follow him. About half of my cavalry, as you know, is in Arkansas in pursuit of Price &amp; Co., and I have a defensive force hardly sufficient for this city. The most I can do will be to make some small demonstrations. I believe that Forrest intends to raid Middle Tennessee, and Kentucky, at the same time that Price and Shelby invade Missouri.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 130. New Orleans, La., September 16, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The Eighth New Hampshire Volunteers will be embarked for Natchez, Miss., to be reported by its commanding officer on its arrival at that point to the district commander. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

