
on picket duty. Two of our colored boys (Gus Knight and William Scott) fought bravely, and if it is within the rules I think they ought each to have a pistol given to them. They all say (the negroes) that if the planters would lead them they would soon exterminate these scoundrels. From the people in the neighborhood back, I learn that they are anxious to have this done (not by the negroes, however), though I understand some very ugly threats have been made against me for "arming the niggers," &amp;c., and they threaten to hand every man of them, and me, too, whenever they can catch us, and we all feel more or less uneasy. Some of the people have been in the habit of coming to our store to get a few things, and to sell or treat for the sale of their cotton, &c. I have only been there three weeks, but from what I have seen and heard they all seem anxious to come within the lines and desirous of having the jayhawkers wiped out. So far as my information extends, these roving bands cannot muster, altogether, in that district, more than thirty men. I understand the Confederate officers and soldiers are also down on them. I sent word back to them when I was robbed to inquire if my property could be restored, but have had no reply. I think a small force could occupy the whole country back there, and a s a good deal of cotton has been grown about the neighborhood, should think it would be much better to secure its shipment to this city than to run the risk of its being carried back into rebeldom or burnt.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

CH. HODGES.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 18, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General F. J. Herron for such action as the case may seem to require, and for such recommendation in the case as he may consider for the interest of the citizens in that quarter and consistent with the interest of the service.

By order of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., September 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you immediately send Colonel W. T. Spicely, with four regiments and two sections of artillery, out on the Fordoche road, with instructions to leave two regiments and a section of artillery at Fordoche Crossing to hold it, while with the remainder of his force he pushes on to the Atchafalaya. On arriving at the river he will so dispose his force as to intercept and prevent the crossing of any of the enemy's cavalry which may be on this side, and will also, if possible, drive the enemy from his camp on the opposite side. The general also directs that, if practicable, a force be detached by Colonel Spicely to move up to Morgan's Ferry to guard the crossing at that point. One hundred cavalry have been ordered to report to him for scouting purposes. Two day's rations and sixty rounds of ammunition will be taken.

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

14 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

