
If Captain Grace will go with his gun-boat scouts might be taken on the boats to send information to West. I think it would be necessary to land above Peach Orchard Bluff, on account of a bayou connected with the river below Augusta. If West should cross at Grand Glaize, and the force you send reach Augusta, Shelby would be between two fires, either of which would be more than a match for him. Shelby had the prisoners with him. General Carr will dispatch to you soon.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

P. S.-Would it not be well to send a section of a battery with so large an infantry force?
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 2, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Colonel Graves' command has just returned with gun-boat. About noon day before yesterday they got within eighteen miles of Augusta by water and six miles by land, and there learned that Shelby was at Augusta with his whole force. They remained there several hours and then fell back to Peach Orchard Bluff. Yesterday Colonel Graves proposed to move up again, but the river had fallen, and the pilots reported they could not get up to where they had been and get back again, so they returned. From the farthest point they reached they could have moved on about to Grand Glaize, provided the water had not fallen. The Nevada is here; she draws less water than the Kate Hart, but is large and unwieldy.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS, Devall's Bluff:

When General West left Searcy it was his intention to go toward Grand Glaize.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS, Devall's Bluff:

It cannot be possible the Shelby's forces are at Augusta.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., September 2, 1864.

General ANDREWS, Devall's Bluff:

General Steele will request the gun-boat to go up the river again. If it goes, send all the infantry you can, with a section of artillery.

