
LITTLE ROCK, September 16, 1864.
Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

The forage has arrived. Expedition will start immediately, under Major General J. A. Mower. Reconnoitering parties drove in enemy's pickets at Benton last night, and report, from information received on the other side of the Saline, that the Texas troops are moving up. General Clayton reports that a brigade of rebel cavalry is between Pine Bluff and Monticello. He has sent a reconnoitering party to get between them.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 16, 1864.

Major General J. A. MOWER:

The forage has arrived and will be forwarded to you immediately. Our scouts report that Price went to Batesville and Shelby to Jacksonport. I wish you to move on Jacksonport direct as soon as possible. Colonel Geiger's brigade shall accompany you and furnish escorts to bring back empty wagons, &amp;c. There is forage on the east side of Black River, and probably plenty of beef and some wheat. You will be able to judge whether it will be best to go up Black or White River in order to accomplish the object of the expedition, i. e., stop Price and Shelby from making a raid into Missouri. Reconnoitering parties from the other side of the Saline report Texas troops moving this way. I will communicate with you again in regard to the movement.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Brownsville, Ark., September 16, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department, Little Rock, Ark.:

Can you send me a guide in the morning? If the forage comes out I will be ready to move at 12 o'clock to-morrow, but it is absolutely necessary that I should have guides, as I know nothing of the country.

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 16, 1864-7 p. m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

MY DEAR SIR: As a boat goes out this evening, I will send the latest news I have, which is not very interesting. It is beyond a doubt that Price is on the north side of the Arkansas, and the better opinion is that he intends going into Missouri. Major-General Mower is already on the way after him, or will soon leave Brownsville for that purpose. There is a nest of bushwhackers, or partisans, lurking about Searcy and West Point, and yesterday about 200 of them were down as far as Des Arc.

Truly, your friend,

C. C. ANDREWS.

P. S.-I have just learned that General Mower has not yet moved from Brownsville.

C. C. A.

