
Price is bound for Missouri. I have been quite sick with a fever for the past two weeks; am now convalescent, but unable to leave my quarters; I hope to be myself again in a few days. We are getting short of subsistence. I am afraid the river is too low for the transportation of supplies by boat. If Price has made a raid for Missouri could not a counter raid be made into Texas and our prisoners at Tyler liberated? I am confident it could be done could the necessary cavalry (say 3,000) be spared from this field of operations. I merely make the suggestion for what it is worth.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding District of Natchez, Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 14th instant, transmitted via Morganza this morning, and to state that on no account should any troops be drawn from Morganza "for the districts of leased plantations." The main object is to defend the city, and all matters of lesser importance must be made subservient to this while the resources are so limited as they are at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, September 16, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 11th, relating to operations in the Department of Arkansas, and requesting the return of the cavalry sent there by you to aid General Steele in preventing any intended raids by the enemy into Missouri. General Steele was ordered by the commanding general three months ago to pursue Price's and Shelby's forces if they should attempt to invade Missouri, and has reported that he will follow them as long as he can feed his men. The re-enforcements sent to him will probably be needed to hold the line of the Arkansas during the absence of his troops on this service. General Reynolds has already been instructed to send back to Memphis the detachment of the Seventeenth Corps, and he will also send back General Mower's division if the troops of his own corps are sufficient for the purpose indicated. Your cavalry will likewise be returned if not engaged in operations from which it cannot be withdrawn. The commanding general has requested that all the troops in the west that could be spared, and were not required for the armies of Generals Grant and Sherman, be ordered to report to you at Memphis.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

