
MEMPHIS, September 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Your dispatch of 13th received. I can give no order to General Mower, as he is beyond my jurisdiction.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 16, 1864.

Major JAMES WILSON,

Pilot Knob:

Information deemed reliable has reached here that Price crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle yesterday week with a large cavalry force. It is believed that he intends an invasion of Missouri, and that Shelby is to co-operate with him. The main column will probably go west of you, but a diversion may be made on Pilot Knob, Paterson, Bloomfield, or Cape Girardeau. By way of diversion, you will send a good scouting party under a good officer by way of Doniphan. Let him go as far down as practicable. I do not care about his early return, but wish him to ascertain the location, strength, and probable purpose of Shelby. The substance of this was sent you three days ago, but in some way miscarried.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 16, 1864.

Captain P. D. McCLANAHAN.

Cape Girardeau:

It is rumored here that General Price has crossed the Arkansas River at Dardanelle, and that Shelby is moving up from Jacksonport. Send all the available cavalry force from the Cape to Bloomfield to-morrow under Captain Smith and Lieutenant Wilson or Law. They will take fifteen days' small rations with them. Instruct them to unite with all the force at Bloomfield, and move down toward the Arkansas line on the east side of Black River. They will move from Bloomfield without transportation, and patrol the main roads leading from Arkansas into my sub-district. They must be vigilant and allow no rebel force to penetrate Southeast Missouri without their knowledge. I will instruct Captain Edwards to move toward Hornersville. General Ewing has ordered a force from Paterson to move toward Doniphan.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Sub-District.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 16, 1864.

Captain SELLS,

Bloomfield, Mo.:

It is rumored that a force if approaching from toward Jacksonport. I have ordered all the available troops from Cape Girardeau to Bloomfield. They will move early in the morning. In the meantime, send out forces toward Chalk Bluff and the Shoals. Have spies sent to

