
JEFFERSON CITY, September 16, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Third Battalion only is here under my command. The horses drawn at Saint Louis to complete its mount are being shod. It can be ready to march by Sunday morning. Third Battalion has in charge 150 horses, unshod, for Second Battalion, stationed at Glasgow. The Second Battalion could follow as soon as brought here and horses shod. This battalion has no transportation.

BEVERIDGE,

Colonel Seventeenth Illinois, Commanding.

NEOSHO, MO., September 16, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor, according to yours of the 14th instant, requesting me to send you a lady suitable to act in the secret service as spy, to send you Miss Mary Martin, a lady of undoubted loyalty, ingenious and daring. I have information of Stand Watie being down near Spavine. I am going to start a lady, together with the boy Winfield Scott, in that direction to-day. I will use all the vigilance possible and inform you of any and every move in that direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major, Commanding Battalion Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

P. S.-The news of Stand Watie being near is only from rebel source, and I do not put any confidence in it, but I will soon know the facts and communicate with you.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 16, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I have just this moment returned from Nodaway County, where I went in person to stop the serious troubles threatened in that quarter. A full written report will be sent you. I convened the committees of safety in Atchison, Holt, and Nodaway Counties, increased the militia force, and believe we have now no cause to fear an outbreak above Saint Joseph. I shall go by the next train to the Boone and Howard regions and give my personal attention to the guerrillas in that section.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 16, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My advices from Boone and Howard do not indicate any great concentration of the guerrillas. I do not think they aim to concentrate until assured that a strong rebel force has invaded Missouri from Arkansas. I shall use all the means in my possession to drive them

