
out. Will move from here to-morrow with every man I can spare, and shall be in the field or at Macon, Glasgow, or Mexico until we have a better state of affairs.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 16, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, Saint Louis:

Major King telegraphs me from Fayette that his command have had a fight with Anderson's guerrillas, killing 11 of them, capturing 12 horses and the same number of revolvers. Some of the bridles of these horses were trimmed with human scalps.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, MO., September 16, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I left Surgeon yesterday morning with detachments of First Iowa Volunteer Cavalry and Third Missouri State Militia. Have traveled seventy-five miles through very rough country. Followed Colonel Perkins to-day twenty miles; killed 1 of his men and scattered the balance (seventy-sic in number). I am now moving with cavalry and infantry and believe that in a few days I can break up these bands. Major Leonard killed 4 rebels a day or two since in Howard County. My infantry had a skirmish to-day; the particulars not reported. We are now traveling day and night and killing more or less daily. I have some evidences that the rebels are trying to cross the river. Will leave here early to-morrow morning. Will report to you and General Fisk as opportunity presents itself, and hope that on my return to headquarters that I can report a successful expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, September 16, 1864.

General FISK:

I have just received a dispatch from Captain Corry, commanding at Carrollton. The messenger left Carrollton at 12.30 to-day. Captain Corry reports guerrillas, believed to be 200 to 300, passing rapidly through that county eastward. There is no force at Carrollton to make pursuit. Should the guerrillas remain in Carroll, which is not likely, or should they come in this direction I will attend to them; but should they move rapidly east through Chariton I have not sufficient force to pursue. Captain Kumis' company, of Carroll, which has been ordered into active service, are in a muss. I have ordered them brought in by force, but that work is not yet completed. Major King, I presume under your orders, took with him the most of my force from Carrollton. This leaves Carroll almost defenseless. The citizens of Carrollton are under arms and can defend the town if attacked.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

