
COTTONWOOD, September 16, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Command arrived here last night at 10 o'clock. Horses badly used up. We scoured the country from the point you left us for thirty miles up the Solomon Fork. Captain Wilcox, under my instructions, traversed the Middle Fork of Solomon River some twenty miles above a point due south from our encampment at the point of separation. Found all Indians had left for Republican. After being joined by Wilcox we marched in a northwesterly direction, crossing the two Beaver Creeks and striking the Republican at the mouth of Medicine Lake. From this point sent two companies to the mouth of Red Willow Creek and the mouth of Whiteman's Fork of the Republican River. Finding the Indians were heading for the North Platte, took the nearest route to this point by way of Medicine Lake. Will leave here for North Platte to-morrow with new supplies, and will, in all probability, strike Indians near Ash Hollow. I fell in with one company of militia from Colorado on the Republican. They are now at or near O'Fallon's Bluffs.

ROBERT B. MITCHELL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 16, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indians Affairs, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: As you are doubtless aware, I have now nearly 8,000 Indians upon the reservation at the Bosque Redondo who are almost entirely destitute of clothing and blankets, and now the cold weather is rapidly approaching it is of vital importance that the articles which were to be purchased for these Indians with the $100,000 appropriated by Congress in its last session for this purpose should arrive at the Bosque Redondo and be distributed at the earliest practicable moment. I write directly to yourself on the subject that no time may be lost. I do this because I had heard it was possible these Indian goods might not come out this fall. let me impress upon your mind that unless they come hundreds of naked women and children will be likely to perish. A special train of wagons escorted by a company of troops can come through at all seasons.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 306. Washington, September 16, 1864.

* * * * * *

17. Major H. M. Enos, division quartermaster, having been assigned to duty as such with the troops under the command of Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Union, N. Mex. He will proceed without delay to Santa Fe, N. Mex., and relieve Colonel J. C. McFerran, Quartermaster's Department, in his duties as chief quartermaster Department of New Mexico.

18. Colonel J. C. McFerran, Quartermaster's Department, as soon as he has turned over the public property, money, and records in his posses-

