
sion to Major H. M. Enos, division quartermaster, will proceed without delay to Fort Leavenworth, Kans., and assume charge of the quartermaster's department at that place. He will relieve Captain H. C. Hodges, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, to whom he will receipt for the public property, money, and records in his possession.

19. Captain H. C. Hodges, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, will, as soon as relieved in his duties at the depot at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., by Colonel J. C. McFerran, Quartermaster's Department, report by letter to the Quartermaster-General for orders.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN INDIAN EXPEDITION,Fort Rice, September 16, 1864.

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I am still here waiting till I hear about the Fisk raid. I have sent the Minnesota command to Minnesota. While here I am busy in getting in hay; have to go twelve miles for it; and working on the fort, putting in into shape to be easily defended by a small force. As I write you officially, there is some hope of a peace being made with the greater part of the Indians before spring. The friendly party of Indians here think so. They have communication with the Indians I fought, and report them badly frightened. Of course it would not do for me to express any very great anxiety on the subject. I told them that next year I would be after the hostile Indians again, but that I had orders from their Great Father not to fight those Indians who gave themselves up, and therefore they might tell the Indians that all those who gave themselves up would be treated as friends; that if they would rather fight, it made no difference to me and my soldiers; that their Great Father paid us for fighting, and if we were not fighting them he would send us somewhere else to fight somebody who wanted to fight.

Your instructions direct me to relieve the Thirtieth Wisconsin, and that the First U. S. Volunteers will be here to relieve them. They can't reach here till October sometime, for they will have to march up. I got a letter from Sioux City, dated the 2nd, and nothing had been heard of them. I throughout, from your letter, you wished the Thirtieth to start. I shall, therefore, leave here five companies of the Sixth Iowa Cavalry, sending their horses down to Sioux City, these companies to remain here till relieved by the First U. S. Volunteers.

I am hard at work building boats forty-five feet long. My animals are so reduced some of them can't draw an empty wagon. I can send the troops down this way to Sioux City in twelve or fourteen days. I shall send the Thirtieth down in this way. In case I have a large number of animals at Sioux City without riders, would it not be a good plan to send some of them to the army south?

I am very anxious to get away from here before cold weather, for I am now well. I have had a severe attack of my old complaint-rheumatism near the heart-and I fear being overtaken with a storm on the prairie. Another such attack might pop me off, but I will not leave till I see matters a little straight.

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

