
Order them to go as far up the river as possible, and then land and march on Augusta unless they learn from General West that the enemy is somewhere else, in which case they must march on the enemy; 1,200 infantry can beat all of Shelby's force. Let them take a party of cavalry to land and communicate with General West. Send also a party of cavalry, twenty-five or fifty strong, as soon as it is ascertained that the boats will go to find General West and notify him of what is doing.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 2, 1864-6.45 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

CAPTAIN: I think I will have everything in readiness for the expedition to move at daylight to-morrow. Captain Grace says he will go. I will send the Nevada, Commercial, and Celeste. Will be able perhaps to send forty cavalry, twenty to land on west side of the river, to go and communicate with General West, and twenty to go with the infantry, on east side of the river. I cannot send out any more cavalry, I think. Colonel Graves says a woman near Peach Orchard Bluff reported that Shelby was about to move to join Price at Dardanelle, and move thence into Missouri.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 2, 1864.

Colonel W. H. GRAVES,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: Agreeable to the verbal instructions given you this afternoon by the brigadier-general commanding, you will again move up White River with the effective force of the Twelfth Michigan Infantry and detachments of Fifty-fourth and Sixty-first Illinois, to re-enforce and co-operate with General West against Shelby. The Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry and Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, also one section of artillery and forty cavalry, will constitute the rest of the force which will accompany you and be under your orders. The gun-boat Fawn, Captain Grace, will go as escort. You will have for transports the steamers Nevada, Commercial, and Celeste. The artillery will embark on the Nevada, and it is already understood that the Fourteenth Wisconsin and Eighty-first Illinois Infantry will also embark on that boat. It is intended to have everything on the boats at 2 o'clock to-night, so there will be a certainty the boats can leave at daylight. I learn that when General West left Searcy it was his intention to go toward Grand Glaize. You will adopt the best means in your power to communicate with him and inform him of what is going on. I expect you will be able to get above the mouth of Little Red River with the transports; above there it will be best to land about twenty of the cavalry on the west side of the river to communicate with General West. Mr. John Thorpe

