HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., September 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Reports from Jackson make it appear that Forrest came there with his force in anticipation of movements on our part or to concentrate for operations against us; but he suddenly and unexpectedly received orders from the rebel General Hood to hurry eastward, supposed to be some point in Sherman's rear.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Jefferson Barracks, September 17, 1864.

I. This command will immediately police their various camps thoroughly, removing all filth, rubbish, &amp;c., and establish thorough cleanliness throughout.

II. Sinks in sufficient number for reach command will be immediately dug at proper distances from camps, and when used until filthy or offensive they will be filled and new ones constructed.

III. A thorough inspection of camp, condition of troops, arms, accouterments, and equipments will be made at 9 a. m. the 18th instant by the various regimental commanders.

By order of Colonel William T. Shaw:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 17, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: In addition to the inclosed statement, written yesterday, I now present the names of the following persons who can testify as to the riotous acts and who can point out some of the rioters. A person called Lieutenant Becker was the officer engaged in the disturbance, as I am informed; H. c. Creveling, esq., can identify him. Colonel Baker's adjutant can point out some of the soldiers who marched off with the flag. Ed. J. Bennett, esq., lawyer, was seen conversing with the lieutenant mentioned. N. J. Colman, esq.; John Hogan, esq.; John E. Yose, one of the lieutenants of the police; John M. Krum, esq; are fer charges of rioting against these violators of law, who are very brave in attacking an unarmed crowd, but who would be very careful before an armed enemy.

Respectfully, yours,

CHAS. C. WHITTELSEY,

Secretary Democratic State Central Committee.

P. S.-I am just informed that soldiers appeared at a meeting held last night at corner of Biddle and Broadway and broke it up.

