
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Baker, through General Ewing, for report on the facts herein alleged, and what means have been adopted to punish the offenders and prevent future outrages or disorders.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, September 25, 1864.

Respectfully returned and attention invited to inclosed report of Colonel J. H. Baker, commanding post.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SAINT LOUIS, September 16, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

DEAR SIR: We call your attention as commander of this department to a second outrage upon the right of the people peaceably to assemble for discussion of public affairs, perpetrated by mutinous and lawless soldiers in front of the Lindell Hotel on Thursday night. Before the meeting of the Sixth Ward McClellan Club had organized, before a word had been said, soldiers assembled for the express purpose of breaking up the meeting upon the sidewalk opposite the hotel at which you have your quarters, shouting for Abe Lincoln, damning McClellan, and doing everything to provoke a breach of the peace, that they might have some excuse for a riot. While the undersigned and Mr. D. B. Killian were absent at Colonel Baker's headquarters to procure an officer to remove these lawless soldiers, the meeting was broken up by the soldiers throwing stones at the stand and the people there assembled, and even at the balcony of the hotel in which ladies were standing. The soldiers then rushed upon the stand, destroyed the transparencies, a locomotive headlight, and seized and carried off the U. S. flag placed upon the stand. This flag was carried to the quarters of the soldiers upon Sixth street between Washington avenue and Saint Charles. An officer of the army is said to have been engaged in this outrage. Mr. Daniel G. Taylor says that the flag was taken down by this officer, who had his uniform and belt on. The adjutant of Colonel Baker came over with Mr. Killian and myself and saw this flag carried to the soldiers' quarters. Many of these soldiers could be identified. The undersigned heard one of the soldiers say, "The general cannot control us, he has tried that once before;" and another asserted their right to break up all such meetings. Application had been made to the police and an extra force was upon the ground, but it was too small. Application for protection was, we believe, made to yourself for protection against the soldiers under your command, which had been promised. Relying upon these assurances the meeting assembled; everything was quiet and orderly; no taunts were made; nothing was done to excite these mutineers and rioters. But in violation of their sworn duty, in

15 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

