
public prints is a palpable exaggeration. It is a very easy thing for idle rumor to place the burden all upon the shoulders of the soldier, but evidence by no means sustains the indictment.

As to the proposed outrage at the Republican office, I feel sure that I shall be able to identify most of the parties. As new and important testimony in reference to that affair has just been developed, I will report again at an early day. The evidence shows that the assailants in this latter case were nearly all from the Sixth Missouri Cavalry. Some officers of that regiment have doubtless been guilty of encouraging the men to lawless acts and derelict of duty in failing to enforce wholesome discipline. A full statement of these points will be made hereafter.

Attention is respectfully invited to the inclosed statements* of the different commanding officers of regiments and detachments serving at this post as to the participation in these outrages of the men of their respective commands. Especial attention is asked to the report* of Captain Jones, of the provost-guard.

I have taken such measures as have insured peace and good order at all the meetings held subsequent to those above mentioned. I have given the matter my personal attention, having been present at the meetings. Various members of the Democratic committee have assured me that they were satisfied that their future gathering under the ample arrangements I have made would be unmolested. Not willing that the brave and gallant soldiers at this post should be denied the privilege of attending such political meetings as they may desire when not on duty, I have issued a general order relative to that subject, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, and I trust that it may meet the approbation of the major-general commanding. I shall still continue my efforts to apprehend the guilty and bring them to punishment, but I could not longer delay placing such facts as were already in my possession before the major-general commanding, and also to take the opportunity of assuring him that such measures had been taken as to secure peace and good order at further political meetings in this city.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel Tenth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure.]

SOLDIERS AT POLITICAL MEETINGS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST OF SAINT LOUIS, Numbers 11. Saint Louis, Mo., September 21, 1864.

Recent events in this city have made it necessary that some rule of conduct be adopted for the government of troops at this post in their attendance upon political meetings. The soldier has the same political rights as a citizen, and when not on duty or restrained by post regulations is not to be denied the privileges of an American freeman in hearing discussions and deliberating upon the grave questions which involve the destiny of his country. But a republic may justly be jealous of military interference with rights so sacred as those of free assemblages and free discussion for all legitimate purposes. Reflection will teach the intelligent soldier that he, the chosen custodian of law and defender of constitutional rights, should be the last man in the Republic

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

