
to do violence to the very principles he is called to defend. A faithful soldier is the most exalted type of a patriot. He should permit no man to excel him in devotion to established rights, and should scorn to cast a stain upon the honor of his high vocation. If there is a lawless abuse of liberty in our community working evil to the Government, if disloyal sentiments are uttered at political meetings, your superior officers, when the military authority ought so to do, will interfere to arrest and punish the guilty. The soldier may rest assured that his rights also shall be duly respected, and that studied insults offered shall not go unrebuked and unpunished. But action in these matters must be left to his superior officers, who are responsible for the proper discharge of their official duties. It is therefore ordered:

I. Enlisted men at this post not on duty may attend political meetings when their purpose is peaceably to hear the discussions; but under no circumstances shall they in any manner whatever interfere with such meetings. Any soldier violating this order will be immediately arrested by the provost guard and held for severe punishment.

II. All officers on duty at this post are enjoined to aid in the strict execution of this order and will at all times, when present at such meetings, use their utmost endeavors to prevent any interference by soldiers. Any officer found guilty of aiding, abetting, or counseling soldiers to riotous proceedings at such meetings will be reported for summary dismissal from the service.

III. The commanding officer of the provost guard is charged with the execution of this order, and will detail a sufficient force, under trusty officers, to attend and enforce this order at all political meetings in this city.

By order of J. H. Baker, colonel Tenth Minnesota Infantry, commanding post:

J. C. BRADEN,

Post Adjutant.

WARRENSBURG, September 17, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have the honor to report that I returned last night from a visit to the eastern part of the district. There were rumors that there were a few guerrillas in eastern Cooper County, but nothing deemed reliable was learned of them. The troops are actively scouting for them, and as a large number of companies have been organized and armed under General Orders, Numbers 107, I have no doubt that the last vestige of bushwhackers will be driven out of that part of the district. I hope the loyal citizens will return and assist in the protection of their homes.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., September 17, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that Major Mullins moved from Republican Church for Marshall this morning. Captain Meredith moved with three companies of Sawyer's farm, seven or eight miles south by west from this place. I expect to join him to-morrow with Captain Burris and his company, and make my headquarters there for

