
the present. The reason for selecting this point is that during the extreme drought now prevailing here it is the nearest practicable point to procure water to Mound Prairie Church. I will cause search to be made, and if a nearer [supply] can be had will move to it immediately. One hundred and thirty guerrillas crossed to the north side of the river on yesterday below Dover, supposed to be under Todd and Pool. Their course is reported to have been east after crossing, as they were last seen in the vicinity of Hill's Landing, south of Carrollton. Ex-Governor King spoke here to-day. The best of order was maintained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Second Sub-District.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Lexington, Mo., September 17, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that since my report of the 13th* there has evidently been an increase of guerrillas in La Fayette County, and my opinion is that they have come from the north side of the river. Some two or three others have been wounded, but none known certainly to have been killed.

Special Orders, Numbers 196, have been received in due time, and as the command had been ordered to concentrate on the 15th at Republican Church, I there intended making the disposition of the command as directed; but as a part of the command did not arrive until the 16th, and after the arrival of Colonel McFerran the order was turned over to him I returned to this place and will proceed to Jefferson City as soon as I can close up my returns, &amp;c. As there seems to be such a determination upon the part of the general commanding to insinuate that the command has done nothing during the month of August, and to not give the command that credit to which they are certainly entitled to (for there never was a command that has done for that period), I will invite the attention of the general commanding to the following statement of facts, and he can see for himself what are the results.

April, 1864, Lieutenant Couch and 2 men of Company C killed and 1 wounded, and 5 horses and equipments lost. Four horses and equipments lost Company F.

May, 1864, 1 man of Company F killed and 1 horse and horse equipments lost.

June, 1864, Company M, 12 men killed, arms lost, and 12 horses and horse equipments lost; Company F, 5 men killed and arms lost; Company I, 4 men killed and arms lost; Company I, 3 horses and horse equipments lost; Company I, 2 wagons burned and 3 wagons loads of subsistence stores, 13 mules killed and harness lost; Company F, 23 horses and horse equipments lost, making a grand total of 25 killed, 1 wounded, 56 horses lost, 47 equipments lost, 2 wagons lost, 13 mules, and 3 wagon-loads of subsistence stores lost.

During the above months there have been 11 guerrillas killed, 14 wounded, 21 horses captured.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 753.

---------------

