
August, 1864, guerrillas killed, 8, and 2 more mortally wounded, and probably a number of others wounded, but as the wounded, but as the wounded are only guess work no report made. Casualties on our part, 1 man killed and 2 wounded. The above statement certainly will satisfy the general commanding of the results of the campaign for the month of August.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

WARRENSBURG, September 17, 1864.

Captain MELVILLE U. FOSTER,

Holden:

It is reported that there is a band of about 100 guerrillas near the mouth of Brush Creek, on Blackwater, in the vicinity of Mrs. Howe's. Beat up the Brush with a sufficient force and let me know the result. Lieutenant Houts, at Hudson's, will act with you if you want him. The guerrillas are probably watching for some of your small parties.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 17, 1864.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

You will be able to get from the depot quartermaster at Jefferson City sufficient transportation to enable you to make your march to Rolla. Take with you the horses of the Second Battalion, which is under orders to march to join you. The transportation you take from Jefferson City will be sent back at once from Rolla, where there is plenty for you.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 17, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The command under Generals Price and Fagan have not come through the Boston Mountains, but is reliably reported to have gone to Batesville, where General Price had previously ordered 20,000 rations to be prepared and ready for his command. The rumor in the country was this command is the same that it has been all summer, viz, that they are coming to Missouri.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 17, 1864.

Major MILTON BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho:

MAJOR: Your communication in regard to Joshua Hickey was duly received and referred to Captain Sutherland, commanding at Carthage. It is made fully to appear by the report of Captain Sutherland and the

