
myself. Thrailkill is again in Clay. Will send a portion of Harding's regiment into that locality at once. Can you send me the Seventh Kansas?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, September 17, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE:

I have just received intelligence that guerrillas are concentrating in Clay County. Thrailkill has crossed the river, and with Cy. Gordon and others is busy stealing horses and picking up recruits. They are intending to cross the river in a few days for the south.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, &amp;c.

SUPT.'S OFFICE, HANNIBAL AND SAINT JOSEPH R. R. CO.,

Hannibal, Mo., September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK, Saint Joseph:

GENERAL: I send you inclosed a letter from Mr. Jones, who writes from New Cambria (Stockton),on the line of our road. This place has been visited and robbed several times this summer, and last night also Callao was visited and robbed. Chariton bridge is between these places, and I fear it may be burned. Can you take measures to more effectually protect and prevent these troubles?

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

[Inclosure.]

NEW CAMBRIA (ALIAS STOCKTON),

Friday Evening, September 16, 1864.

Colonel HAYWARD:

DEAR SIR: I am just informed that forty bushwhackers visited Callao last night, and after having robbed all they could, killed one man. I am also informed that there are 1,200 soldiers at Macon City. Would it not be well to detail some of these soldiers at different points on the road? Since I came here in June I have done my utmost to prevent our people being alarmed, and the result has been that whilst emigration has almost ceased among others, the Welsh continue to come. Twenty-two came here during the last ten days. I went with a party of them for two days over some forty miles of country surrounding this point. They are all pleased with the country, and have bought improved farms and railroad lands. They tell me they represent some 200 families, and it is most important for the interest of the railroad company that I should be able to state through the Welsh press that this part is properly protected by the military. I hope you will cause a suitable number of soldiers to be stationed here at once.

Yours, very truly,

W. B. JONES.

DANVILLE, MO., September 17, 1864,.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

DEAR SIR: I write you to advise you relative to a little raid that was made into our county on the night of the 12th instant. The raiders made a descent into our county from Callaway for the purpose of rob-

