
bing Union men of arms and horses and the merchants of goods, &amp;c. Some of us citizens of Danville heard of their being at High Hill committing these depredations, and believing that they would return to Callaway County that night, and knowing the road which they would travel, eight of us armed ourselves with shotguns and revolvers and took a stand on their road, and sure enough they came along, and we let in upon them. We did not kill any of them outright, but we wounded several of them, captured 1 horse, 1 gun, and several of the articles stolen by them; but, strange to say, some men in our community claiming to be Union men denounced our action in the premises, because one of their party claimed to be a regular commissioned Confederate officer. And now, general, if our action as Union men should meet your approbation I would like to receive such a statement from you by way of authority for it. We can command eighteen or twenty U. L. A. men of our county who will go on five minutes' notice in the pursuit of these thieves and robbers if you will only back us in it, and I would like to hear from you as early as possible on these points-whether we are justifiable in what we have done, and whether you will authorize us to do so again.

Yours, very respectfully,

SAML. J. MOORE, M. D.,

President of U. L. A. of Danville, Mo.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Returned from the plains. Generals Blunt and Mitchell are extending search up the Arkansas and up the Platte. Indians not found in force. News of 13th instant from Fort Gibson just received. Reports rebels moving on that post from below, and Price with 15,000 men having crossed the Arkansas at Dardanelle.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FOR LEAVENWORTH, September 17, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Dispatches just received from Fort Gibson, dated 13th, report rebels moving through Choctaw Nation on that post. Also reported there that General Price had crossed Arkansas River with 15,000 men, moving northward.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, September 17, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

I have just returned from the plains after a reconnaissance extending over 1,000 miles, mainly through country west of settlements in Nebraska and Kansas. I find no signs of a large body of Indians in that region. A dispatch just received from Fort Scott brings reports

