
from Fort Gibson, 13th, stating that rebels were moving on that place through Choctaw country, and that it was there reported General Price had crossed Arkansas River at Dardanelle with 15,000 men. I may again have to ask the militia of Southern Kansas to aid in checking rebel approaches.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, September 17, 1864.

Major General GEORGE SYKES,

Olathe, Kans.:

Letter of the 7th receives. Report is an exaggeration, if not totally false. The rebels are in La Fayette County, and my troops report that Quantrill was killed in April. Coon Thornton went south with about 150 men, all he could raise on the north side of the river, about the 1st instant. The guerrillas will not move in a large body, and thus attract attention, if they should go south this fall. I think that when cold weather comes more of them will go into the loyal States. They did not join Shelby when he made his raid last year, and I do not think any considerable number of them would do so if he comes again. I hope you will not hesitate to enter the district if you deem it necessary. Advise me by telegraph, if you please, of any such movement, so that I can, as far as possible, guard against mistake.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, September 17, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding District of Southern Kansas, Paola:

Have scouts sent in south and southeast directions to get intelligence as to rebel movements on Arkansas River. If necessary, militia must be called to our aid.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, September 17, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

I send the following telegram, just received from Fort Scott, for the information of Major-General Curtis:

FORT SCOTT, September 17, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I send for the information of the major-general commanding the district the following communication just received:

"FORT GIBSON, September 13, 1864.

"Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

"Fort Scott:

"I have the honor to report that the general commanding this district has just notified me that the rebels are advancing in the Choctaw Nation in this direction; it is also reported that General Price, with 15,000 men, has crossed the Arkansas

