
River at Dardanelle. The communication between Little Rock and Fort Smith is cut off. We may look for an extensive raid, I fear. More troops will be here in a few days. The ox train has started. Nothing heard yet from Major Hopkins and the mule train.

"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

"S. H. WATTLES,

"Colonel, Commanding."

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, September 17, 1864.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON, Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola, Kans.:

I learn from a man who left Fort Smith last Monday that Price crossed 10,000 more men last Saturday and Sunday, about thirty miles below Smith. This makes his force north of the river 15,000 strong, and he is represented to have thirty pieces of artillery. A large part of his force is said to be infantry. I give this just as I get it.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 17, 1864.

Governor SAUNDERS, Omaha:

Reached headquarters last night. In answer to your inquiry as to taking Indians as militia, think it better not. I am authorized to take them as U. S. scouts for a year on same terms as other Federal cavalry.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., September 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers were some time since sent up the Missouri River to relieve the six companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, on duty in that region, which were ordered to return to Saint Louis on the same boat which took up the companies first mentioned. I expect every day to learn of the arrival of the companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin at Saint Joseph on their way to Saint Louis. The other four companies of the same regiment have been ordered as soon as relieved at Fort Wadsworth, on the James River, to march to Saint Paul, and thence to be sent to join the other six companies of their regiment. Please sent instructions to what point that regiment is to go from Saint Louis and Saint Paul. I expect every day to hear of the return of the Eighth Minnesota Volunteers to Saint Paul, and that regiment also will immediately go south. I understand at present that both these regiments are to be sent directly to General Sherman, and in the absence of other instructions they will be sent accordingly to Atlanta.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

