HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 2, 1864.

Colonel WARD,

Commanding Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry:

You will hold your command in readiness to march at a movement's notice with five days' rations. Report to these headquarters your effective force.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

W. A. MARTIN,

First Lieutenant, Third Michigan, Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 2, 1864-7 a. m.

Major WILLCOX:

I wish you to send a scout in the direction of Bayou Des Arc and Hickory Plains; probably thirty men will answer. If you can send that number, or even a little less, I will send them to Des Arc on the Celeste. She can be at your landing as soon as you are ready. Send back answer by the orderly and return within dispatch.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 2, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Colonel ENGELMANN,

Commanding Post, Brownsville:

Send dispatch* through to General West, by escort ordered from Third Michigan, as expeditiously as possible. Let the dispatch be communicated to three most discreet and intelligent of the escort, so if they are attacked the dispatch can be destroyed and the men push through with their information.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Expedition:

The general commanding directs me to say that the expedition up the river under Colonel Graves returned to the Bluff yesterday unexpectedly. Twelve hundred infantry and one section of battery leave to-morrow (Saturday) morning, on three boats, escorted by a gun-boat, with instructions to proceed as far up the river as possible and land on the east side of the White and advance on Shelby, if he can be found. They will try to communicate with you by cavalry landed. Pilots think they cannot get up to Grand Glaize, and they will make a diversion in your favor, if no more. The boats will take rations for you.

S. E. GRAVES,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

