
with you. Advise all the companies of citizen guards to be on the alert. All mounted men from Jefferson City are ordered to move to the west line of Moniteau and scout the country.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, September 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Glasgow, Mo.:

A movement of guerrillas through Saline County to the east is reported. If practicable, and you learn anything certain, send a force across the river and co-operate with Major Mullins, who is at Marshall.

Advise Major Mullins of the movements of the guerrillas.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

FAYETTEVILLE, September 18, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN:

Brooks and Stirman are near Cincinnati with 300 men lately crossed river. This is exclusive of Brown's and Smith's men and is reliable. I think they intend to attack the next train coming south in the neighborhood of Pea Ridge. Send a strong escort with it if possible, and order Major Galloway to accompany it. Send me word when it will leave Cassville and I will send a force up the road. Don't fail to send us a paymaster. I will give him ample escort. I have written you all particulars.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 18, 1864.

Major MILTON BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho:

MAJOR: Your communication of the 16th instant is received. You will direct the hay contractors to proceed with their works as usual and afford them all reasonable facilities for doing so. Price's army has gone to Batesville. In case of an invasion by a large force you will make such dispositions of the troops in your vicinity at Granby, Carthage, &amp;c., as you may deem best under all the circumstances. Should Stand Watie and Adair advance it will probably be for the purpose of going into Kansas. In this case you will hold your force well in hand, but not retreat before them, unless compelled by a very superior force.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GLASGOW, September 18, 1864.

General FISK:

I have been out in the southern portion of this county for the last three days, but can find no trace of the enemy. I have just received your dispatch ordering back the Carroll and Chariton militia. I have

