
left some of them in Fayette with unserviceable horses. I will scour the country to-day and to-morrow between this place, Roanoke, and Fayette. Will get them started back Tuesday morning.

AUSTIN A. KING., JR.,

Major, Commanding.

GLASGOW, September 18, 1864.

General FISK:

I am still here. Have been induced by Union citizens to remain for a few hours, as Major Matlack has been ordered away, leaving a very slight garrison here. Some of my men are at Fayette, which is a good point from which to operate. I would like to return there. I await your instructions. I think Fayette the central point for operations, and prefer working from there.

AUSTIN A. KING., JR.,

Major, &amp;c.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 18, 1864.

Major AUSTIN A. KING., JR.,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Remain at Glasgow with sufficient force to make the post secure until further orders. Assume command of the post. Gather all the reliable information possible for you to obtain of the whereabouts and numbers of the guerrillas in Howard and Boone. How many men can I mount in Howard County on horses of the bushwhackers' friends?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, September 18, 1864.

General FISK:

Colonel Green brings news of 220 rebels crossing eastward above Brunswick yesterday morning and day before; that 106 crossed the river three miles above Waverly, crossing to this side. Colonel Denny, of Huntsville, reports a gathering near Roanoke, and one old rebel affirms to Colonel Green the purpose of crossing near Boonville. By scouts we seek information to-day to prepare for an attack to-morrow. Have you any information?

L. C. MATLACK,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment ENROLLED MISSOURI MIL.,Brunswick, Mo., September 18, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Friday evening, the 16th instant, about 6 o'clock, a force of bushwhackers, numbering near 225 men, said to have been commanded by one Major Pool, crossed Grand River one mile and a half below the Rock Ford, and, after getting supper and feeding, started east just as the moon was rising. They traveled on through the county that night, and have not since

16 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

