
been heard from; in fact, I have had no definite reports from them since they passed north of this place, which was about 10 o'clock the same night. They went around my guard at Rock Ford, which was stationed there without support. This convinces me that it is useless to attempt to guard the river at the fords, as it is very low and can be crossed at any point above the mouth. There are some small bands of bushwhackers prowling about the country which I cannot attend to for want of sufficient force. Captain Stanley's company is now reduced to twenty men, sick and well. Captain Brawner's company has been considerably reduced by discharges and enlistments in the U. S. service, and the detail on duty in Howard and Boone leaves but few men here available for duty. It takes a full company to guard the post and public records at Keytesville. Captain Bucksath's company is on duty in the bottom below, and cannot be withdrawn without exposing one of the most loyal neighborhoods in the country. You will see by this that I am in great need of my forces that are with Major King in Howard and Boone, and if they can possibly be spared I would like to have them ordered home. The bushwhackers are gathering in large bodies now, and I am very fearful of disaster to my command unless I can have all my force at hand. I am willing to make great sacrifices to clean out the bushwhackers below me, and only ask this favor as a matter of necessity. I hope you will give it your favorable consideration, and make the necessary orders for Captain Brawner's return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM E. MOBERLY,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LYON, COLO, TER., September 18, 1864.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of Upper Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report for information of the major-general commanding that on the 3rd instant there Cheyenne Indians were met a few miles outside of this post by some of my men en route for Denver, and were brought in. They came, as they stated, bearing with them a proposition for peace from Black Kettle and other chiefs of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations. Their propositions were to the effect that they, the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, had in their possession seven white prisoners whom they offered to deliver up in case that we should come to terms of peace with them. They told me that the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Sioux were congregated for mutual protection, at what is called "Bunch of Timber," on headwaters of the Smoky Hill, at a distance of 140 miles northeast of this post numbering altogether about 3,000 warriors, and desirous to make peace with the whites. Feeling anxious at all odds to effect the release of these white prisoners, and my command having just been re-enforced by a detachment of New Mexico infantry sent by General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, to my assistance, I found that I would be enabled to leave sufficient force to garrison this post by taking 130 men, including one section of the battery with me, and concluded to march to this Indian rendezvous for the purpose of procuring these white prisoners above mentioned, and to be governed by circumstances as to the manner in which I should proceed to accomplish the same object. Taking with me under a strict guard the Indians I had in my possession, I reached my destination and was confronted by from 600 to 800 Indian warriors

