
drawn up in line of battle and prepared to fight. Putting on as bold a front as possible under the circumstances, I formed my little command in as good order as possible for the purpose of acting on the offensive, or defensive, as might be necessary, and advanced toward them, at the same time sending forward one of the Indians I had with me as an emissary to state that I had come for the purpose of holding a consultation with the chiefs of the Cheyenne and Arapahoe Nations; to come to an understanding which might result in mutual benefit, and that I had not come desiring strife, but was prepared for it, if necessary, and advised them to listen to what I had to say previous to making any more warlike demonstrations.

They consented to meet me in council, and I then proposed to them that if they desired peace to give me palpable evidence of their sincerity by delivering into my possession their white prisoners. I told them I was not authorized to conclude terms of peace with them, but if they acceded to my proposition I would take what chiefs they might choose to select to the Governor of Colorado Territory and state the circumstances to him, and that I believed it would result in what it was their desire to accomplish, viz, peace with their white brethren. I had reference particularly to the Cheyenne and Arapahoe tribes. The council was divided, undecided, and could not come to an understanding among themselves. Finding this to be the case, I told them I would march to a certain locality, distant twelve miles, and await a given time for their action in the matter. I took a strong position in the locality named and remained three days. In the interim they brought and turned over into my possession four white prisoners, all that was possible at the time being for them to turn over, the balance of the seven being, as they stated, with another band far to the northward. The released captives that I have with me now at this post consist of one female named Laura Roper, aged sixteen, and three children (two boys and one girl), named Isabella Eubanks, Ambrose Asher, and Daniel Marble; the three first mentioned all being taken on the Blue River, in the neighborhood of what is known as the Liberty Farm, and the latter captured somewhere on the South Platte with a train of which all the men were murdered. I have the principal chiefs of the two tribes with me, and propose starting immediately to Denver City, Colo. Ter., to put into effect the proposition made aforementioned by me to them. They agreed to give up the balance of the prisoners as soon as it is possible to procure them, which can be better done from Denver City than it can from this point.

Hoping my action may meet the approval of the major-general commanding. I respectfully submit the above report.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Cavalry of Colorado, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 18, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Taos, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I have received, through Brigadier-General Crocker, U. S. Volunteers, a message from Mr. Lucien B. Maxwell that some 200 or more Ute Indians, now near Mr. Maxwell's place on the Little Cimar-

