
colonel to have assistance from troops already on the plains from this department. It is important to have the Utes commit themselves on our side if we are to have a general war with the Indians on the plains.

I am, very truly, your friend,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

U. S. CONSULATE AT CHIHUAHUA, September 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

DEAR SIR: Although no present opportunity offers for sending this letter to the Paso, yet I begin to-day to write to you about the events which are happening in the northern part of Mexico, and shall continue to note them from time to time until the moment when I may be able to forward my communication. Before speaking of Mexican affairs it is proper to state that I have conversed with persons lately arrived from the Presidio del Norte, and by them am informed that all is quiet on that frontier and that there is no rumor in that vicinity of any movement of the enemy up the Rio Grande. Straggling Texans are constantly coming and going, but their only object appears to be to obtain and carry information concerning your department. The cotton trade between Texas and Mexico is very active, and the rebels are now supplied with money and arms far more plentifully than at any past period. The avidity with which cotton is sought be speculators from all parts of Europe and from the interior of Mexico furnishes the Texans an opportunity which they do not neglect. The presence of the French on the frontier will not impede, but on the contrary encourage this trade, and we may safely conclude that the rebels are obtaining in large quantities those supplies which are now most needed by them. The French now occupy the cities of Monterey and Matamoras. The detachments of French troops which were threatening a few days ago an invasion of this State have been suddenly recalled and concentrated at Durango on account of the late movements of President Juarez. The President and his escort evacuated Monterey about the 16th of August, their exist being made amidst a shower of bullets which were fired at them by the soldiers of a certain General Quiroga, who, having recently been pardoned by the President for former acts of treason, thought proper once more to cover himself with ignominy not less detestable because now so frequently observed in this nation's history. The President retreated westward across the State of Coahuila and entered with his forces the northeast corner of Durango. He reached Mapimi on the 5th of September, and on the 9th dispatched his little army under the command of Generals Ortega and Patoni to attack the capital of Durango. There are many surmises about this movement, some thinking it is only a feint to cover future movements of the Government, others believing that an attack is really intended and that there is a faint hope of success. A few days more will solve all doubts and remove the uncertainty which now prevails in this city. The Republican troops are reported to be very much demoralized. They have done no fighting for a long time, and a victory is scarcely to be expected from men who are so accustomed to retreat. They are destitute of money. They are forced to seize supplies wherever found without making payment, consequently the country through which they pass is sacrificed upon the altars of a hard-pressed cause. The rich and official

