
The Mexican army was completely routed. President Juarez is now in the southern part of this State. At such a crisis what is the State of Chihuahua doing for duty and honor? I answer nothing, nothing, nothing. If a modern Diogenes were now placed in the middle of this community and directed to seek for a man, he would upon a moment's observation decline the search, but would blow out his light and give it up in despair. The situation here is shameful beyond anything you can easily imagine.

October 4, 1864. Although we have not received full and reliable particulars concerning the late defeat of the Republican forces, yet we have learned enough to justify me in saying that General Patoni and his soldiers did all the fighting, General Carabojal co-operating with a small cavalry command. General Ortega, commander-in-chief, with a large body of men (say one-half of the army), although near at hand, took no part in the action. This is always the case. Whenever two Mexican generals are together in a campaign you may be certain that discord is present and actively at work. The dispersion took place after the battle. It seems to have been brought about more from hunger and privations than from what happened in the battle-field. The French are said to have fallen back to Durango after the engagement. President Juarez has been kindly received by the people in the southern part of the State. We do not know whether he will come here or cross the mountains into Cinaloa. General Trias is in the last stages of consumption. Of course he is not fit for present circumstances, and I don't see anybody about here that is.

REUBEN W. CREEL,

U. S. Consul.

The President is not disheartened. He thinks it will come out right in the end. He says as long as there is a man to back him or a foot of soil to stand upon, he will be true to the cause.

CIRCULAR.] OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, September 19, 1864.

The following additional staff officers are announced as being on duty in this office: First. Lieutenant John Gray, Forty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant G. G. Bennett, Nineteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant H. C. Seymour, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

BATON ROUGE, September 19, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please allow me to inform [you] that the dispatches from General Canby to General Steele at Little Rock have been delivered and the reply has gone down this morning in steamer Magenta.

Very respectfully,

W. H. CLARK,

Chief of Staff.

