
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 69. Little Rock, Ark., September 19, 1864.

I. Pursuant to orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi and paragraph IV of the Regulations of the Treasury Department, approved by the President July 30, 1864, the lines of actual occupation by the military forces of the United States in this department are hereby defined to be within the picket-lines of the posts of Little Rock, Pine Bluff, Devall's Bluff, Helena, Fort Smith, Van Buren, Fayetteville, the public wood-yards, freedman's camps, and plantations which have been leased by Government or are worked with freedman employed under the regulations of the Treasury Department and agreements heretofore entered into and now on record in said Department.

II. Articles contraband of war will not be transported into the Department of Arkansas except with the written approval of the major-general commanding indorsed on the application for such articles, said application to be filled in the office of the assistant special agent of the Treasury Department authorized to grant permits for such supplies.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 19, 1864-10.45 a. m.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,

Devall's Bluff:

Send all the First Nebraska Cavalry, except the dismounted portion, to Huntersville, to report to Colonel Ryan.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., September 19, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES:

DEAR SIR: I yesterday ordered the Twelfth Kansas Infantry to move to Gibson, and suppose they will reach there some time to-day. In my dispatch yesterday I directed you to send every man you could spare to re-enforce the train. But of course you must be governed by circumstances and act accordingly, as you are on the ground. Gibson should not be endangered, but you must render the train secure by all means. If the enemy move in the direction of the train I would let Colonel Williams follow with a strong force. If the train arrives safely at Gibson and the enemy is still hovering about, it may be well to park the train inside your fortifications and drive the enemy away. The train will come through to this place, and must be escorted by two regiments at least of those which belong here in addition to Major Hopkins' command, with two pieces of artillery, to the Sallisaw. I intend to leave one of the colored regiments with you (Colonel Williams will designate it, the Fifty-fourth or the First Colored) and the section of Stark's battery. One of the regiments can escort the two pieces of artillery back to Gibson, and remain there or return here, as circumstances may require. In giving orders to you at this distance from you it is impossible for me to know the exact condition of things with you at the time. You there-

