
WARRENSBURG, September 19, 1864.

Colonel W. F. HICKOX, Jefferson City:

A band of 100 guerrillas is moving rapidly northwest to-day through Laclede County. Call Peasners' company into service to guard the prisoners at Jefferson City. Send the Fourth Missouri State Militia to California to-night and watch to the west for them. Advise all companies of citizen guards to watch the paths for them. I have telegraphed Hopkins at Tipton to send express to Versailles and other points in the vicinity. Impress upon every man who has a gun that for the next vicinity days they must do nothing but watch from the rebels.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 19, 1864.

Colonel T. A. SWITZLER, Sedalia:

Send an express to Major Kelly, who is probably about the mouth of the Blackwater to-night, with this information: A force of about 100 guerrillas passed through Laclede County to-day, moving rapidly northwest. Their citizens will bring them through Morgan County. Have your troops and citizen guards be on the lookout for them. The force Major Kelly is looking after crossed the Missouri going north near Dover. You will immediately send expresses to our citizen guards, particularly to Cole Camp and Warsaw, with instructions to send into Hickory County and forward the intelligence as rapidly as possible. Establish an express with relays of horses between Warsaw and Sedalia. Work quietly but promptly.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

HOLDEN, September 19, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Can't find any bushwhackers on Blackwater near mouth of Brush Creek; either can I find Mrs. Howe's.

M. U. FOSTER,

Captain, Commanding.

BOONVILLE, September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN, Warrensburg:

Reliable information has been received here that 200 guerrillas crossed the river thirteen miles below to-day,and still crossing all Sunday.

J. T. KERR,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, September 19, 1864.

Captain STEGER, Warrensburg:

Yesterday evening 150 guerrillas attacked the camp of thirty militia in Ray County, seven miles from here. The militia retreated and were severely cut up; particulars not yet ascertained. The guerrillas started in the direction of Hardin, down the Missouri River.

WM. KESSINGER,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

