
WARRENSBURG, September 19, 1864.

JOSEPH HOPKINS, Esq., Tipton:

Send this information to Versailles, Clarksville, and other points where citizen guards are organized: "A force of about 100 guerrillas is moving rapidly northwest through Laclede County to-day." Have messengers that you can rely on. Don't let the rebels know, but advice the citizens guards to waylay every trail. The route of the rebels will bring them through Morgan County. Direct captains of guards to inform you if the rebels make their appearance. Please send to the commands in Cooper County and advise them of the movement from the south.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., September 19, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of my scout:

I started from this place on the night of the 13th instant and proceeded three miles northeast of Columbus the same night. We scouted the brush in that vicinity during the next day and found several camps of bushwhackers. From one of them we run five bushwhackers; found a pair of suspenders and an empty pocket-book. Late in the evening of the same day, while lying concealed,a bushwacker came riding along. We fired on him and wounded him at least three places, as we afterward learned. The next morning we trailed him to his camp and found the camp deserted, leaving the mare, that belonged to the man we fired on in the evening. The mare was badly wounded in the shoulder and had considerable blood on her from the man that we wounded, clearly indicating that the man was wounded in three places. We also found one musket and two cartridge-boxes and some old clothing. The mare was wounded too badly to bring to camp. Near the aforesaid camp lives a man by the name of Kelly, who denied any knowledge of any bushwhackers being in that vicinity. Afterwards his wife acknowledged that three of them came there and called for something to eat. There was at least fifteen in this camp. On the 16th instant we went to Columbus, or near Columbus,in the brush, which we scouted thoroughly and found in a corn-field where two had just left. On the 17th we came back to this place, seeing nothing on the road worth mentioning. I respectfully request that you permit me to return with about thirty men as soon as possible, if you think it necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BIRD.

WARRENSBURG, September 19, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Kansas City:

Take energetic measures to protect the people in your district from being arrested and robbed by Kansas troops.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

