HEADQUARTERS, Fayetteville, September 19, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 20th.)

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN, Commanding District:

Information just received from General Thayer that Price crossed the Arkansas River four or five days since at Dardanelle with 7,000 cavalry and has marched toward Batesville, probably to join Shelby for a raid into Missouri, though it is thought by some he will attack Little Rock.

M. L. HARRISON,Commanding Post.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 19, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

One of my scouts came in this morning from the mouth of North Fork of White River. He met two women that left Batesville on Thursday. They reported that portions of Price's mounted forces had arrived at that place, and that his forces were still arriving at Batesville and Jacksonport, and that a large force of infantry crossed the Arkansas at Lewisburg on the same day that the cavalry crossed at Dardanelle. Rations of corn-meal and fresh beef are represented as abundant. The force the largest they had ever seen together, and everything was active.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

I think the statements of the women exaggerated. No infantry crossed at Lewisburg. Steele and a cavalry regiment there from which we had a report.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CASSVILLE, September 19, 1864.

General SANBORN:

SIR: My scout has returned; reports Price at Batesville. He crossed the river with 8,000 men. There were on the night of the 17th 500 of Bellefonte of Colonel Hill's regiment, 400 at Yellville, commanded by Major Harrell, all making preparations for a raid in Missouri. This is the general talk amongst them. Brooks at Cane Hill with 400.

J. A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 19, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

General Brown telegraphs that 130 guerrillas crossed the Missouri River to the north side on Friday morning just below Dower. He thinks this band passed through La Fayette County under Todd.

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

