
SAINT JOSEPH, September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

Ben Loan a speech at Marysville yesterday,in which the following language was used: "We have held the State in the Union for nearly four years against all of the State and military authorities from Abraham Lincoln down. General Fisk says he is a friend of mine, and I reckon he is, but I think he had a great deal better be down in Boone and Howard Counties hunting rebels than up in Holt and Nodaway hunting Union men and protecting rebels and sympathizers," and other language of like import. S. O. Schofield made us of still stronger language. Reported by Captain Gentry and Dr. T. C. Ellis, who were present.

A. J. HARDING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

RIDGELEY, PLATTE COUNTY, MO., September 19, 1864.

General C. B. FISK, U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: I this day came to this town and then I found that the command of Captain Clagget had been ordered to report to the commander at New Market, and that there would in all probability be no more troops stationed at or near this place, and I am sorry for it. In the first place, there is a large scope of country that will not have any soldiers in it - New Market, twelve miles southwest of Plattsburg, and from New Market to Platte City is some fourteen miles, and from Platte City to Liberty is twenty-two miles, and from Liberty to Plattsburg is some twenty-three or twenty-five miles and inside of that scope of country there will not be any troops stationed to protect the citizens, and inside of those points has been the principal range for bushwhackers,and they have a large scope of country to range in,and they can commit theft, robbery, and murder in one part of this section and, before they can report to any of these posts, they will be out of the reach of any scout that can be sent after them; and that leaves this section of the country entirely unprotected by any kind of troops, and as this section of the country,and particularly this township, has done more than any other township in this country, according to the population,in furnishing men for the Federal army; it has sent 102 men to the Federal army out of 280, and there are not able-bodied men enough left in this part of the country,and particularly in this township, to protect themselves against the bushwhackers, and as they have already met with one defeat at this place last June, the whackers have a particular spite at the people and the place, and I think that this place should have at least one good company stationed at it, as the majority of them are loyal citizens and should be protected in their rights and property. A company stationed here would be about the center of these other mentioned points that have troops at, and could be reached in time to report and stop any depredations by the bushwhackers, and as this is not far from Smithville, Gosneyville,and Union Mills, and Goose more times than any other places, it is, in my estimation, necessary to have a company stationed here for the protection of the citizens and their property,and [I] hope that you will have one stationed here as

