
soon as possible, as the whole country around seems to be afraid that as soon as the troops are gone, and it is found out, there will be another raid in this part of the country. I myself feel unsafe if there are no troops here, and as this place has always been loyal and has not permitted any disloyal acts to be committed when they could help it, or even permit a rebel flag to be raised in the town or township, I think that justice will say that they are entitled to the protection of the soldiers, and as they have to be stationed at different points in the country, I think one [company] might be stationed at this place.

Hoping that it will be done at the earliest opportunity, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

AMOS CARPENTER.

P. S.- My address is Carpenter's Store Post-office, Clinton County, Mo.,and should be glad to hear from you.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, September 19, 1864,.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

I am in receipt of a copy of letters from the honorable Secretary of Interior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with your indorsement, to take such action as I "may deem best." It is stated that I have ordered the Indians not to make their usual hunt. This is erroneous. I may have suggested that it would be dangerous for our friendly Indians to go, but I have desired the Pawnees to follow and operate when I had driven away the hostile bands. Yet I see great difficulty in discriminations and also fear that some bands of our friendly tribes might mingle with foes if they come in proximity. If the friendly Indians could be united for the purpose of hunting and fighting with our troops it would be easy to organize and so equip them as to avoid difficulty. In my recent reconnaissance I took about seventy-five Pawnees with me as scouts, and to avoid mistakes dressed them with a blouse and hat. It gave them a distinctive and graphic appearance which could not be mistaken. Any other than an associate arrangement seem almost impossible. I appreciate the importance of allowing or aiding the friendly Indians to hunt buffalo, but any general movement by them would lead to confusion and difficulty, not only with my troops, but with the border settlements, for the people, being terribly alarmed, would make very little difference in their resentments and raids. I will do all I can to favor the friendly Indians in any rational arrangement to hunt the buffalo, and believe with the honorable Secretary that properly associated with the troops they would strengthen our efforts to suppress the hostile tribes.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, No. 30. Paola, Kans., September 19, 1864.

I. The headquarters of the district will be transferred to Lawrence after the 20th instant. Communications will be directed accordingly. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence will remain for the present at Paola.

17 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

