
II. The Sub-District of Fort Scott is discontinued and the District of South Kansas organized as follows: Sub-District No. 1, comprising the counties of Linn, Anderson, Coffey, Greenwood, Woodson, Allen, Bourbon, and the territory embraced in this district lying south of the four last-named counties, commanded by Colonel C. R. Jennison, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, headquarters at Mound City. Sub-District No. 2, comprising the counties of Miami, Johnson, Franklin, Douglas, Osage, Shawnee, Lyon, and Wabaunsee, commanded by Colonel T. Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, headquarters at Paola.

III. The headquarters of sub-district will not be changed without the authority of the major-general commanding. Copies of all orders issued by the commanders of sub-districts will be promptly furnished to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Sykes:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, September 19, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,Commanding Sub-District No. 1, Mound City, Kans.:

SIR: General Orders, No. 30, from these headquarters, will be sent you to-morrow. It is proper to inform you that Price is reported to have crossed the Arkansas some days since with a heavy force. It is supposed he is making his way to Missouri, and it is thought he may wheel to the left and cross into Kansas. Colonel Blair has been instructed to keep scouts out south and southeast to gain the earliest possible information. This duty will now devolve upon you, and I desire you to carry it out in the most effective manner, reporting its results at once to these headquarters. As Fort Scott is the most important point in the district visit it at once and see if any measures are to be taken to secure its better defense. Colonel Blair will be retained in command of the post.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, September 19, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Commanding Sub-District No. 1, Mound City, Kans.:

COLONEL: General Orders, No. 30,from these headquarters, places a part of this district under your command. Your returns indicate a force of 56 officers and 1,541 men, and this force is believed to be adequate to the safety of the interests confided to your care. These interests embrace not only protection to the territory from forays of the enemy, but protection also the inhabitants who reside within the limits of your command. Your troops are to fight one and give security to the other. Any knowledge of the movements of the enemy will be communicate at once to district and sub-district headquarters,

