
and you will make immediate disposition of your forces as the emergency demands. If instructions from these headquarters are needed they will be sent you. In general terms, when the enemy shows himself, or can be found, a force sufficient to engage him must be concentrated and moved upon him without delay. At Mound City and Fort Scott the least number of troops possible to secure the safety of those places will be left. Some dependence must be placed upon the inhabitants of those villages for their self-protection. Where your own command is unable to cope with the enemy let it be known, and troops from the adjoining sub-district will be sent to your aid. In the search for our pursuit of the enemy the boundaries of other commands will not be regarded. Having a common end in view, all officers will give a hearty co-operation each to the other, and no orders are deemed requisite to insure it. Several cases having occurred where citizens have been arrested and mob law inflicted upon them by the military, it is enjoined upon you to put a stop to all such illegal and unsoldierly proceedings. Personal liberty is too sacred to be taken away upon trifling grounds, hearsay evidence, the suspicion of scouts, or through private grudge. Proof of crime, disloyalty, or other officers not amenable to civil law can usually be obtained. It alone will warrant the arrest. The military code points out the mode of dealing with such persons, and soldiers being the servants of the Government, not of any political party, their interference with the course of law and justice will not be tolerated. Our people are entitled to protection, and the troops are here in part for that purpose. Officers can be made to control their men, and superiors can enforce obedience in their juniors. I desire to impress upon you the great necessity of keeping your troops at all times prepared for the field, anticipating their wants, and adopting such measures to supply them as come within your province. You will be held responsible for the safety of the sub-district under your control, for the care of its inhabitants, for the discipline and efficiency of your command, and for its proper and economical administration. You are familiar with the warfare practiced by the enemy. You have the reputation of an active, intelligent, and zealous officer, and I rely upon you to use your best energies in the performance of the duties with which you are charged.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding District.

(Same to Colonel Moonlight, commanding Sub-District No. 2, with the exception that it recites Moonlight's force as 72 officers and 1,833 men.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Paola, September 19, 1864.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Commanding Sub-District No. 2, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the district directs that you ascertain by an immediate inspection the amount of ammunition in the hands of the men of your command, and if any deficiency is found to take immediate steps to have it supplies. Your attention is also called to the fact that Captain J. G. Rees, Company F, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, is reported on detached service, in command

