
another force would attack Little Rock. Yesterday the commander at Helena sent me dispatches that he had reports from rebel sources that the enemy had captured the posts at Pine Bluff and Saint Charles and were about to attack Devall's Bluff. I immediately ordered Major-General Mower, who had just returned here with his division, to proceed to White River to the relief of our forces, and have thrown 2,000 cavalry across the river here, to proceed to White River and operate with General Mower. I have just received advises from two different sources, both of which I deem reliable, that a big raid is on foot for Mississippi, led by Price and Shelby. An escaped citizen from near Batesville, who left five days ago, says that they were preparing ten days' rations there for 12,000 men when he left, and it was understood that Price, with Marmaduke and other forces, had crossed the Arkansas River and were moving toward Missouri, and would be joined at Batesville by Shelby's forces, about 4,000 strong. The other citizen, well known to me, was in Shelby's camp ten days ago, just before he raided on the railroad, and he informs me that there is no doubt about the intention to invade Missouri at once. Owing to heavy rains and impassable roads, I found that I could remove General Smith back here, and send him to Nashville by water much sooner than he could reach Decatur by land, and General Sherman directed me so to move him. He would have been on his way now for Nashville, but for this trouble in Arkansas, but I shall him the moment I am satisfied that Steele's safety does not require him to be sent there. The transports intended for him I have had to give to Mower. General Sherman directed me to detain General Mower here until you should think he could be spared. All these troops may be wanted to head off this Missouri raid, if it takes place, for in the present state of affairs in that State it will never do to allow Price to reach there. The force that you spoke of sending up in your last dispatch I hope to soon hear of, for I have no doubt that a large force is threatening Little Rock, while Price &amp; Co. are making their Missouri raid.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

P. S.-General Sherman is very anxious that the parts of regiments belonging to the Seventeenth Corps, now at Saint Charles (if not captured) should be sent to him, and I hope you may be able to relieve them.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 2, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Advices from Devall' Bluff, under date of the 25th ultimo,* represent that Shelby had cut the railroad between there and Little Rock, and captured 450 men who were guarding it. It was also reported that the enemy in force was about to cross the Arkansas River, while another force would attack Little Rock. Yesterday the commander at Helena sent me dispatches that he had reports from rebel sources that the enemy had captured the posts at Pine Bluff and Saint Charles and were about to attack Devall's Bluff. I immediately ordered Major-General Mower, who had just returned here with his division, to proceed

---------------

* See Part I, p. 281.

---------------

