
of the post of at Olathe, while his company is on duty at Aubrey. As Olathe is Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb's headquarters, there seems to be no reason why he should not command the post as well as the troops in Johnson County. The general desires to correct the evil of detaching company officers to command posts, and he directs that Captain Rees be sent at once to join his company, and the command of the post of Olathe be exercised by Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LYON, COLO. TER., September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARLETON,

Santa Fe:

GENERAL: Some two weeks ago I received a letter from yourself just on the ave of starting on an Indian expedition. A few hours after the receipt of your letter I left, and neglected acknowledging the same. I have just returned to the post, and allow me to apologize for my neglect, feeling myself more reprehensible on account of the extreme kindness of your missive. Please receive, general, my sincere thanks for the assistance you afforded me both with the men furnished and the arms you allowed me to take, together with personal interest you have shown in the welfare of my Territory. Since receiving your letter I have succeeded in procuring four white prisoners from the Indians, and hope before long to be instrumental in settling the Indian difficulties in this locality.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

E. W. WYNKOOP,

Major First Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, September 19, 1864.

General JAMES H. CARLETON,Commanding Department of New Mexico:

GENERAL: Yours of the 8th August was duly received. I have just returned from a long tour through the country west of settlements between the Platte and Arkansas. Indian troubles have abated, the Indians having left lines of travel and gone to parts unknown. I fear they may collect in the Creek or Choctaw country. I have information of efforts being made to get a grand Indian council down there. The signs which I found at the head of streams west of Kansas seemed to indicate a movement of hostile Indians south. Please keep me informed of whatever tends to threaten our common interest in regard to Indian movements. I am doing all in my power to keep lines open. General Blunt is at or near Larned looking out for Indians, and may co-operate with you in crushing out some of the vile hordes that now harass our lines communication.

I am,general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

