
DENVER, September 19, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Have sent the following telegram to Secretary of War:

Train with ordnance and ordnance stores en route to New Mexico, with mules stolen by Indians at Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter. We need such stores for Third Regiment Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, 100-days' men, now full. Authorize me by telegraph to take them. Will not be used if reach New Mexico before next year. Indian warriors congregated eighty miles from Fort Lyon 3,000 strong.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 309. Washington, September 19, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

58. So much of Special Orders, No. 306, September 16, 1864, from this office, as directed Colonel J. C. McFerran, Quartermaster's Department, as soon as he had turned over the public property, money,and records in his possession to Major H. M. Enos, division quartermaster, to proceed, without delay, to Fort Leavenworth, Kans., and assume charge of the quartermaster's department at that place, also to relieve Captain H. C. Hodges, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, and receipt to him for public property, money, and records in his possession, is hereby suspended.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, No. 37. Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 19, 1864,.

I. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker U. S. Volunteers, will take post at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.,where,in addition to commanding the troops, General Crocker will have the care and supervision of the 8,000 captive Indians now upon the reservation at the Bosque Redondo, and of all other captive Indians who may come to be located at that point. The general will cause the lands at once to be fairly allotted to the different bands and families of Indians; the acequias to be enlarged and new one dug; the fields to be cleared and plowed, and gotten ready for planting; the sites to be chosen for the villages of the different bands on elevated lands which are not irrigable, but along which an acequia can be constructed that will keep up a continuous supply of water. The general will also see that no rations of food are issued to Indians who have food on hand which they themselves have raised until the latter food be exhausted, and that the utmost economy be exercised in all matters pertaining to the subsistence and support of the Indians: and he will see that patience, kindness,moderation, justice, and firmness be exercised toward them until they have gradually become accustomed to the restraints and requirements to which they must be subjected,and observe,in their transition from a nomadic to an agricultural mode of life, and from a savage to a civilized state of existence. Whenever in General Crocker's judgment it may be necessary for him to call for assistance from Fort Stanton or Fort Bascom, the officers commanding those posts

