
will immediately respond to his orders, and they will send a copy of their post return and return of transportation an account of ammunition and subsistence on hand to General Crocker on the last day of each month.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Colonel Henry R. Selden, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will proceed without delay and take post at Fort Union, N. Mex.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., September 20, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The latest reports from Arkansas are to the 12th, 13th and 14th. On the 12th Shelby was concentrating his command (much scattered in procuring supplies) at Batesville. One brigade was on Black River, moving in the direction of Missouri. His force is estimated at from 5,000 to 7,000. I do not think it will exceed 4,500. Price was expected to join Shelby, and his nonarrival had created some anxiety. I presume that the raiders will move rapidly, but I hop that A. J. Smith will be able to get in front of them. Nothing definite was known of Price's movements after crossing the Arkansas. It is hoped that Steele will be able to prevent a junction. His plan of operations is judicious and the route well selected. The rebel infantry were concentrating at Monticello. Parsons', Dockery's, and Hawthorn's brigades, about 4,000 strong, were already there. Walker's command (Louisiana troops),about 7,000, were at Bayou Bartholomew, twenty-three miles from Monticello. With the re-enforcements Steele has received I have no doubt of his ability to pursue the raiders with sufficient force and to hold his line without any danger. Natchez has been threatened, but I have re-enforced it sufficiently.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., September 20, 1864.

Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Mound City, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: In the further operations in Mobile Bay and the Alabama River two more of the river monitors will be of great service to us. Admiral Farragut,from motives of delicacy,which you will understand and appreciate, does not like to apply for then, but I have just learned from him that if you can send the monitors he will give your in exchange the monitor Manhattan (heavy draught) and the ram Tennessee, or any other vessel in his fleet that you may designate. I know that you will send them without conditions if you can spare them, and I mention this only for the reason that the monitor and the ran can be used on the lower Mississippi [which] will probably enable you to spare

