
at the house of a Mr. John Powell, I captured a Confederate soldier with about half a bushel of mail. I also took Mr. Powell, as he proved to be detailed by Confederate authority to carry the mail across the river. I then proceeded about a mile to another house and captured a Confederate soldier and three horses. I then sent four men back with the prisoners and horses,and with men proceeded to a point eighteen miles from Saint Joseph, where I surprised and captured a party of about 25 men,who had charge of some wool belonging to the Confederate Government, which they were trying to get a chance to cross over the river. I captured from them 7 wagons (6 of which were loaded with wool, and the other with a large skiff for ferrying) and 2 horses, and burnt a large flat boat used for ferrying and arranged to be drawn by eight horses or mules. The wagon with the skiff broke down on the road, the rest I took into Saint Joseph before 10 a.m., having ridden about forty miles, captured over 30 prisoners, 30 mules with harness, 6 wagons loaded with wool, 8 horses, and a Confederate main in seven hours with twenty-five men. The prisoners captured had very few arms,as they were mostly mechanics and teamsters detailed to assist in crossing persons and property across the river. I arrived at Natchez the evening of the 19th and have turned over to the quartermaster and received receipts for 37 mules and 8 horses. The rest of the property has not been receipted for and will be definitely reported as soon as the exact amount is ascertained. I have turned over to the provost-marshal 32 prisoners, among whom are 2 commissioned officers. All information of importance obtained form the captured mail will be immediately forwarded to your headquarters. Three prisoners captured at Saint Joseph on the way up were taken without arms, and have since taken the oath of allegiance and been released.

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant Co. D, 4th Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 51. New Orleans, La., September 20, 1864.

I. Upon satisfactory evidence that the rebel government has recently made large sales of cotton and other products of insurrectionary districts,to be exported by way of the Mississippi River,for the purpose of procuring or paying for supplies for the support of the rebel armies, it is ordered that all products of insurrectionary districts coming from beyond the lies of occupation within the limits of the Division of West Mississippi and in the districts on the east bank of the Mississippi River subject to the orders of the major-general commanding, be seized and turned over as captured property to the supervising special agent of the Treasury Department for the district in which it was seized. This order will apply to all products of insurrectionary districts now in the possession of heretofore reported to the agents of the Treasury Department, except such articles as have been or may be permitted in accordance with the provisions of article 38 or the Regulations of the Treasury Department, under and in pursuance of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864. In order that the equitable interests acquired in good faith by loyal parties in and to said products, under article 55 of the Trade Regulations, may not be impaired by the execution of this order, the commander who directs the seizure will cause the property to be properly invoiced to the agents of the Treasury Department,

