HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, September 20, 1864.

Captain TWINING,Aide-de-Camp, Nineteenth Army Corps, New Orleans:

Last night I sent Colonel Spicely with 2,000 men to Atchafalaya. This evening he crossed,and occupied the position where the rebels had their battery,near Morgan's Ferry. I am sending out 1,000 additional men and will hold the point and place batteries in position on this side to cover the crossing.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, September 20, 1864.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,Commanding Detachment, Morgan's Ferry:

The general commanding me to inform you that only one battery will accompany Colonel Guppey to-night,and that he has ordered Colonel Davis, with a force of cavalry and a battery,to move early in the morning. The general also directs that when you recross your command you select some good point and concentrate all your artillery to cover the crossing of the troops.

Very respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., September 20, 1864.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,Commanding U. S. Forces, Atchafalaya Bayou:

COLONEL: Your dispatch advising me of your passage across the Atchafalaya is received. The general commanding directs that you move up to Morgan's Ferry. Four additional regiments are being sent to your, also two batteries. One of the regiments are engineers, which he desires you to employ in constructing embrasures for the batteries now on the march to join you. These are to be constructed and the batteries posted so as both to command Morgan's Ferry and the fortifications on the opposite side of the river. The general also directs that you cross over as many of the cavalry as you think proper, and secure all the cattle and forage you can,but not to send them far enough out to be in danger of capture.

Very respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., September 20, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

Your dispatch of the 12th has been received. General A. J. Smith was ordered on the 10th to move into Missouri in season, I believe, to get in front of Shelby and Price, if they have joined, but I hope that

