
your movements reported on the 7th have prevented a junction, as I learn, via Memphis, that Price's nonarrival was creating some anxiety among the rebels at Batesville on the 12th. If Price should be cut off from Batesville he may have gone into Missouri by the way of Springfield. If he has he ought not to get out. I am watching Taylor's movements in East and Buckner's in West Louisiana, but if you should be strongly pressed I will send you several thousand men. They are all ready and have their transportation waiting.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 20, 1864.- For Williams to Blair relative to skirmish at Pryor's Creek, Ind. Ter., &amp;c., see Part I, p.765.]

CABIN CREEK, September 20, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAMS:

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have proceeded to this point. I have found en route at Wolf Creek two graves of men killed by your artillery duel. The train had come to that point, and there they destroyed a large amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores. The road was lined for miles with flour; the destruction was complete. They burned at least one-half the train. I will remain here to-morrow for the purpose of collecting what stores I can. There is considerable that may yet be saved. I found Doctor Ritchie here tending to the wounded men. The doctor has done well, for was alone, and by remaining at this post he has saved the hospital and its stores. The dead were lying on the field. I have had part of them buried this evening. The enemy has carried away eighty-six prisoners for Tyler, Tex. There are several wagons, with their loads, still remaining. These I will collect and make a full report to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. FOREMAN,

Major Third Indian Home Guard.

HUDSON'S CROSSING, NEOSHO, C. N., September 20, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: I received your letter dated September 17, 1864,this afternoon. I have just returned from two miles beyond Horse Creek. I received an order from Major Hopkins this morning to re-enforce his command with all possible haste. I started about daylight, fifteen or twenty minutes after the order came; went on double-quick, and crossed Horse Creek near 8 o'clock. I could not find the train. I sent scouts within three miles of Cabin Creek. They reported no train; also no rebels. I came back to the station about 2 o'clock. Since then I received a dispatch reporting a large force of rebels about Flag Rock. I am in want of horses to scout, also wagons and teams and working utensils to finish work on fortifications. Soldiers generally in good health and fine spirits. I commenced digging a well inside the inclosure. I keep scouts out in all directions every day or two.

I am,very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

MOSES PRICE,

Captain, Commanding Detachment, Hudson's Crossing, C. N.

