SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 261. Saint Louis, September 20, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. The One hundred and thirty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers having consolidated at Saint Louis, Mo., will proceed without delay to Mattoon, Ill., for the purpose of being mustered out of the service of the United States. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have been waiting for some reliable news from Bloomfield. Captain Smith has just arrived there from toward the Arkansas line, between Black River and the Saint Francis, and reports that a picket force which he left at the shoals of the Saint Francis on his return were driven in. Captain Smith thinks that there is a force approaching Bloomfield under Kitchen and Clark. The force at Bloomfield are all in hand. They have horses for the howitzers. I have taken every precaution to prevent their being gobbled. Have scouts and mounted patrols out on all the roads. Have ordered Captain Sells to fall back here as soon as he is convinced that an overwhelming force is approaching.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have just received a dispatch from Bloomfield, stating that Lieutenant Rathbun, who is below, reports, 1,000 rebels at Chalk Bluff and 400 at Kennett with intention of attacking Bloomfield to-night. Our whole force at Bloomfield is 200.

P. D. McCLANAHAN,

Captain, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 20, 1864.

General EWING:

Shelby came to Powhatan on the 12th of September with about 4,000 to 8,000 men,all conscripts, very badly armed and very poorly clad, and deserting him. McCray came to Powhatan on the 13th of September with about 2,000 men. Kitchen's regiment is scattered from Gainesville, on Crowley's Ridge, to Chalk Bluff, sending most scouts to Grand Prairie, Mo. Bowlin, with nineteen men, was seen Sunday last seventeen miles north of Bloomfield. I got this statement from a reliable source.

HENRY SLADEK,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

