
to White River to the relief of our forces, and have thrown 2,000 cavalry across the river here to proceed to White River and operate with General Mower.

I have just received advices from two different sources, both of which I deem reliable, that a big raid is on foot for Missouri, led by Price and Shelby. An escaped citizen from near Batesville, who left five days ago, says that they were preparing ten days' rations there for 12,000 men when he left, and it was understood that Price, with Marmaduke and other forces, had crossed the Arkansas River, and were moving toward Missouri, and would be joined at Batesville by Shelby's forces, about 4,000 strong. The other citizen, well known to me, was in Shelby's camp ten days ago, just before he raided on the railroad, and he informs me that there is no doubt about the intention to invade Missouri at once. I shall send A. J. Smith's division up river just as soon as transports arrive to carry him, which I hope will be in a day or two. He goes to Sherman, unless some emergency should require him elsewhere. He will have 6,000 men.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 125. Memphis, Tenn., September 2, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. The transports carrying troops and stores of this command at the signal of one long whistle from the Darling will immediately get up stream, and at the second long whistle, which will be one hour after the first, they will swing out into the stream in the following order: First, steamer Darling, division headquarters; second, steamer Kenton, commissary of subsistence and ammunition boat; third, steamer J. D. Perry, First Brigade headquarters; fourth, steamer Des Moines; fifth, steamer Jennie Hubbs; sixth, steamer John Raine, Second Brigade headquarters; seventh, steamer War Eagle; eighth, steamer James Watson; ninth, steamer Saint Patrick, Third Brigade headquarters; tenth, steamer, Cheeseman; eleventh, steamer Mattie.

The boats will keep well-closed up and will not leave the position assigned them in this order. The signals will only be repeated by boats carrying brigade commanders. In case of landing, boats will still retain their places.

The signals will be as follows: One long whistle when tied up, to get under way; when under way one long whistle, to tie up or land; three whistles, close order; four whistles, open order; five whistles, want to communicate; six whistles, let me go ahead and reconnoiter; one gun, the enemy in sight; two short whistles and a long one, I want assistance; three short whistles and a long one, the enemy have a battery; four short whistles and a long one, the troops will land; one gun and a long whistle, all clear, you can pass.

VI. The transports carrying the troops of this command will move promptly at 4 a. m. to-morrow, in the order designated in the order heretofore published. The signal will be given from the Darling at 3.30 o'clock.

By order of Major General Joseph A. Mower:

J. S. SAMPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

