HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS, Pilot Knob, Mo., September 20, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis District:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report in regard to the strength and movements of the enemy in and around the Third Sub-District of Saint Louis. Mr. Phillips, of Lawrence County, Ark., said to be a loyal man,states as follows: That Coleman and Cooper were encamped on the 14th instant on Jayne's Creek, ten miles south of the Arkansas line,with about 200 men. Freeman was encamped on Spring River with about 500 men. Says that Freeman is acting brigadier-general. Brigadier General Joe Shelby was encamped on Strawberry River, two miles from Smithville, Ark., with 2,000 men. He has also sent about 2,000 men toward Missouri. This, I suppose, is the force that was at Doniphan a few days since and that is now at Chalk Bluff, Hornersville, &amp;c. None of these forces had artillery. A portion of Shelby's men were said to be still farther south. It was rumored there that Price was on his way to Missouri with a large force, and that he would go between Springfield and Rolla. It was also rumored that Shelby and the other organizations in Arkansas were preparing five days' rations to enable them to move in the direction of Pilot Knob, and that they thought they would have about 8,000 men. A small squad of bushwhackers is in Saint Francois County, under Captain Smith; don't know their number. A band of rebels, fifty-five strong, under command of one Major Surridge, of Shelby's command, on the night of the 13th instant, at 12 o'clock, entered Iron Mountain and robbed goods to a considerable extent. Caledonia, where a detachment of Company A, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is stationed, was attacked the same day at 12 m.,numbering about the same, but were gallantly repulsed and whipped by the detachment of Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, numbering only fifteen men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES WILSON,

Major Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, September 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Saint Louis:

The effective men of eight companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia, with several companies Enrolled Missouri Militia, are on the move for guerrillas in Cooper County. I shall leave here at 4 p.m., with 140 mounted men, on an extra train for Tipton. Have ordered two companies Forty-fifth [Missouri] Volunteers from Sedalia to be ready on my arrival, and shall station them at Jefferson City, so as to relieve the mounted men at that place.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., September 20, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant Kerr, at Boonville, reports that he is reliably informed that 200 guerrillas crossed the Missouri River from the north side, thirteen miles below Boonville, yesterday. They are scattered through

