
Cooper County, stealing horses and other property. Major Kelly moved into Cooper County from Sedalia yesterday evening. I have started messengers all over the county advising the troops and citizen guards to be on the alert.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, September 20, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN:

All the information we receive here goes to show that the guerrillas are concentrating at some point on the north of the river, with intention of crossing to the south side to get out of the State. Rocheport seems to be the point indicated for crossing. Quite extensive operations are on foot against them, on the north side; but in case they get across in a body you ought to look out that you receive instant information, and make such dispositions as will allow them to cross your district without being terribly punished, if not destroyed.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

TIPTON, September 20, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Hayes, at Warsaw, reports up to 10 p.m. the rebels, about eighty in number, seven miles of Black Oak Point at 10 p.m. on the 19th,and left in direction of Hermitage, going up to cross the river between Osceola and Warsaw. Direct Colonel Philips to act upon this information in the west.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT, In the Field, eight miles south by west from Lexington, on Little Sni, La Fayette County, Mo., September 20, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that I am encamped at this place with four companies. It is impracticable to encamp at Mound Prairie Church, or in the immediate vicinity, on account of the scarcity of water for both men and animals. This is the nearest practicable point to the Warrensburg road that I have been able to find after search. This is a good camping ground and point to operate from, being within reach of Tabo, the Warrensburg road, four miles distant, the heads of Davis' and Blackwater Creeks,and Greenton Valley, Wellington, and vicinity - all guerrilla localities. Our scouts have not been able to find guerrillas since I have joined the command. My impression is that the most of them have left this part of the country and crossed to the north side of the river. There is no doubt that at least 130 guerrillas crossed to the north side on the last Friday, below Dover three or four miles, and on Sunday attacked thirty militia in Ray

