
BOONVILLE, September 20, 1864.

General BROWN:

From the north side, near Rocheport, crossing from an island to the south side in county about twelve miles from here. It was reported to me this morning that one of the officers was named Stewart.

KERR.

WARRENSBURG, September 20, 1864-9 a.m.

Colonel FRANK W. HICKOX, Jefferson City:

Lieutenant Kerr reports from Boonville that 200 guerrillas crossed the Missouri River thirteen miles below that place yesterday. You will order Major Dale to arm and command the citizens at Jefferson City.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

CALIFORNIA, September 20, 1864.

General BROWN:

SIR: We hear of no rebel movements here. Captain Hume and a squad of his men were running a lot of bushwhackers in the edge of Cooper County last night. The number not known. We are under arms here and will keep you advised to all we hear.

THOMPSON,

Operator.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Brooks was at Cane Hill yesterday with 400 men. Our trains running to Fayetteville are in great danger of capture, and I think that while the rebel army is on this side of the river the post itself is in great danger. The garrison is strong enough to resist an attack on 3,000 men while its rations hold out, which could not be long. Communication with Fort Smith is very unfrequent, and I consider it very doubtful if any orders from Fort Smith have or can reach Fayetteville. I would recommend that the commanding officer be directed by the general-in-chief to fall back to Neosho or Cassville in case he ascertains that he is to be surrounded and cut off, unless such order would conflict with the orders of his immediate commanding officer.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 20, 1864.

General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

In the opinion of the general commanding there is not necessity for communicating with the general-in-chief to get orders for the force at Fayetteville to fall back. The commanding officer being cut off from his commanding general is fully empowered to act in such a matter within the limits of sound discretion and judgment.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

18 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

