
delay. Every possible effort will be made by them to obtain accurate and reliable information of the enemy, their location, movements, and probable intentions, and all such information will be promptly transmitted to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. The commanding officer of the Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia will at once detail Captain James H. Sallee and fifty enlisted men of his command for special duty. The men will be furnished with six days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition each. Captain Sallee, Company B, Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, is directed to take command of the men so detailed and a detachment from the Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia of one commissioned officer and fifty men. He will move at 8 a.m. to-morrow on the old Jacksonport road, and reconnoiter the country as far south as Bennett's Bayou, and ascertain if any large body of the enemy are advancing on that road, and get all the information possible concerning the enemy's movements, reporting every item of importance to these headquarters with the least possible delay.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., September 20, 1864.

Colonel JOHN D. ALLEN,Commanding Seventh Provisional, Mount Vernon, Mo.:

Upon receipt of this order you will detail from your command one commissioned officer and twenty-five enlisted men for a scouting party. Direct them to proceed to Carthage and scout about that vicinity until the arrival of Captain Mitchell, when they will at once return. For some unknown reason Captain Mitchell has not reported at Carthage as ordered to-day, and Captain Sutherland has come in under order delivered to him by mistake, and so that post is left without any force. If your detachment finds Captain Mitchell there they will, of course, return at once.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., September 20, 1864.

Captain L. J. MITCHELL,Commanding Company F, Seventh Provisional:

On the 12th instant orders were sent to you at Humansville directing you to proceed at once with your command to Carthage, Mo., relieve Captain Sutherland, and assume command of that post, a copy of which order* is herewith inclosed. You will report at once to the headquarters

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

