
whether such order has been received by you,and if so, the date of reception, and the reasons for not having complied with it promptly as required. If now at Humansville, as represented, you will without the last delay send forward one commissioned officer and forty men of your command with orders to proceed at once by forced marches to Carthage and occupy that post. You will follow without delay with the balance of your command. Captain Sutherland has arrived and Carthage is thus left without protection.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Macon, Mo., September 20, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In response to your inquiries of the 19th instant, I have the honor to report that General Douglass is operating with the Iowa troops from Mexico, Lieutenant-Colonel Matthew from Sturgeon, Major Leonard from Rocheport, and Major King from Glasgow. Colonel Forces has had a scout out in Monroe County and Colonel Kutzner in Ralls. The guerrillas during the last week have been broken into small parties and moving rapidly in all directions. Their present movements indicate a concentration in Boone or Howard. Nearly 300 of them have crossed from General Brown's district to north side within the last three days,and were moving eastward through Chariton last night. A small party dashed into Saint Catherine last night and killed one citizen, wounded another, and captured three militiamen. They were supposed to be a portion of Anderson's gang, and were all clothed in Federal uniform, including the blue overcoat. The guerrillas are all mounted on the best of horses and are well armed. We cannot make much headway against them with footmen. They range over such an extensive field, and have so many more friends than we have, that it is exceedingly difficult to operate against them with even well-mounted men. I move from here to-night with 300 men to Huntsville, Roanoke, Fayette, and Glasgow, scouting through the Chariton region. It would be worth a great deal to North Missouri and the cause of loyalty if you could throw into district at once 1,000 or 1,500 well-mounted force of the character of Merrill's Horse or Seventh Kansas. A decisive blow at the rascals now would drive them out for the season. I had ordered a few men of Harding's regiment to send for their own horses to use temporarily in the Saint Joseph district, as there are no other troops there. I have suspended the order in accordance with your directions. Neither of the new regiments are yet mustered to full organizations. Recruiting has progressed slowly since the 5th instant, and almost entirely checked in the northwest since Bradshaw's regiment was ordered away. The loyal people are fearful of being left to the mercy of the guerrillas with all their reliable serviceable element sent to the front, and certain stumping politicians encourage them in this idea. De Bolt has abandoned the project of raising a regiment.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

