
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 20, 1864.

General FISK,

Macon (or where he can be found):

Colonel Kutzner's regiment ought to be in readiness for active service. If it is the general commanding wants it sent as soon as practicable to Rocheport by the shortest route. He suggests via Macon to Sturgeon, thence march. All information received here points to a concentration of guerrillas, &amp;c., somewhere in the vicinity of Rocheport, probably with the intention of crossing in a body to the south side and effecting escape south.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MACON, MO., September 20, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I had arranged to send Colonel Forces' regiment to Boone and Howard, and would prefer Forces for that locality, as he is familiar with the country. If agreeable to the general commanding, would like to move Forces' regiment to Glasgow and Rocheport, and Kutzner to Macon and Paris. I shall stay in the disturbed regions myself until I can determine whether the guerrillas are to concentrate or scatter. Troops from the North Missouri Railroad will co-operate with the force that go from here to-night under my own command. Will put all the vigor and harmony into the movements I can muster.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTH MISSOURI, No. 1. Macon, Mo., September 20, 1864.

I. The troops of this command, about to move from Macon, Mo., will be under the immediate command of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel M. Draper, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. Second Lieutenant T. J. Tidswell, Forty-fourth Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers, is announced as acting assistant adjutant-general of the expedition, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. First Lieutenant William McIlwrath, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is detached as acting assistant quartermaster of the command. All straggling on the march or from camp will be strictly prohibited. No man will enter the dwelling or other premises of citizens without permission or by order of his commanding officer. The discharge of firearms, except upon the enemy or by order of an officer, will be prohibited. The strictest discipline will be enforced, and commissioned officers of companies and detachments will be held responsible for the conduct of their respective commands. This order will be read to every company or detachment, and a certificate that it has thus been read will be forwarded to these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

