
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 20, 1864.

Colonel KUTZNER, Hannibal, Mo.:

I send you copy of dispatch just sent to General Fisk.* It may not reach him for some time. You will at once make your preparations to move in accordance therewith,and in case you have not orders from General Fisk when ready you will move without further orders.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WESTON, September 20, 1864.

General FISK:

I am not as fully satisfied of the presence of Thrailkill, but there is a large force of bushwhackers in Clay County. I move on them to-morrow. Shall give the eastern portion of this and western portion of Clay a through scouting. I have just returned from New Market.

H. HILLIARD,

Major,&amp;c.

GLASGOW, September 20, 1864.

General FISK:

I have no positive information of any guerrillas. Heard that there were 300 at Renick yesterday. Sent a force there,but found nothing. It is my opinion all of the men are concentrating in the Perche Hills. I have a force out now. May hear more by noon.

AUSTIN A. KING, Jr.,

Major, Commanding,&c.

STURGEON, September 20, 1864.

General FISK:

Have no information of the enemy, except that they are in small bands, scattered all over the country. My command on the scout only saw one small party and killed one. We went as far as Rocheport. I suppose General Douglas will report officially.

H. M. MATTHEW,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 20, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The farther advance of rebels toward our departments is attested by the taking of train by 1,500 of Stand Watie's men, at Cabin Creek, sixty miles this side of Fort Gibson; 202 wagons, 5 ambulances, 40 artillery horses, and 1,253 mules were captured. General Thayer, commanding that district, recently informed me his communication with his commander (General Steele) was cut off, which corroborates the report that forces had also crossed between Little Rock and Fort Smith.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Greene to Fisk, beginning - Colonel Kutzner's regiment, p.277.

---------------

