
FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 20, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

The rebels have taken a train fifty this side of the Arkansas. General Price is reported at Cane Hill. This looks like an advance toward my department, threatening Kansas. Please notify your militia to be ready to co-operate against the foe. The proposition of Major Walker to raise battalion is rejected. No new cavalry organizations are now authorized.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, September 20, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Colonel Blair reports that the train for [Fort] Smith was captured by the enemy at Cabin Creek, said to be 3,000 strong.

GEORGE SYKES,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, September 20, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

I understand that General Sykes has moved his headquarters, and therefore take the liberty of telegraphing you direct. Lieutenant-Colonel Wheeler, who was with the train when captured at Cabin Creek yesterday morning, has arrived at once of my outposts, and sends me word that the rebels took but little of the train with them burning nearly all of it. This rather indicate a movement farther north. The rebel force was Stand Watie's,and Colonel Wheeler thinks it 4,000 strong. The survivors of the train escort are on their way up near Baxter Springs, and I shall soon start some subsistence to them, as I learn they nearly starved. Price's headquarters are reported to be at Cane Hill.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

MOUND CITY, September 20, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Bourbon County has been attached to the First Sub-District. You will make a special return of the troops under your command to these headquarters at once. Rebel forces are reported between Gibson and Fort Scott. Send out a scout to find out what they can in regard to it. Hold your troops in readiness to march at short notice. Have them supplied with at least ten days' rations and a good supply of ammunition. No change will be made in your command for the present. Order every able-bodied man in Fort Scot to hold himself in readiness, as I understand that it is the point for which they are making, as much will have to be depended on the citizens if an attack is made on that place.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding First Sub-District.

