
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 16TH A. C., Numbers 15. Memphis, Tenn., September 2, 1864.

Colonel P. Pease, Forty-ninth Illinois Veteran Volunteers Infantry, will immediately assume command of this brigade during the temporary absence of the colonel commanding.

By order of E. H. Wolfe, colonel commanding:

JAS. D. COBINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,September 2, 1864.

CHIEF OF ORDNANCE:

The Secretary of War directs that 5,000 stand of arms and accouterments be issued to the State of Missouri, as may be directed by Major-General Rosecrans.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, September 2, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, which has been festering in service without cavalry arms or horses since the 2nd of February until about four weeks ago, is at last all relieved from Alton, and partly mounted. Two battalions were sent to North Missouri, but are so demoralized that it will take time and the best efforts of the officers to restore them. What I want is an order for horses for the remainder of the regiment-say, 500. Without it the regiment will go to ruin.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 2, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

In compliance with instructions of August 5, from department headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following report and estimate of the enemy within and near the border of the Saint Louis District:

Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller, commanding Second Sub-District, reports, on the 25th ultimo that he is not aware of a single camp either of guerrillas or Confederates in his sub-district. Has information that he deems reliable of a force of about 6,000 at Jacksonport and along the State line, near Black and White Rivers, under command of Shelby, Freeman, and Reves. Of this force about one-half are Confederates, the remainder guerrillas and conscripts. There are a few unorganized guerrillas in Mississippi and Greene Counties, Ark., that make raids occasionally into this State. Bowlin, with his band of guerrillas, has been ordered to Jacksonport to report to Shelby.

Major James Wilson, commanding Third Sub-District, reports a force of ten guerrillas in Saint Francois County on the 15th ultimo, name of commander not known; a band of ten or twelve guerrillas in western

