
PAOLA, September 20, 1864.

Major-General SYKES:

I have just received the following from Colonel Jennison from Mound City:

Report of the capture of the trains is true. Two large bodies of troops are moving north - one for Fort Scott, the other on Springfield. The force marching on Fort Scott numbers 3,000, and are reported to be from 75 to 100 miles below Fort Scott. It is reported that Fort Gibson has surrendered.

I believe there in some truth in the above, and would suggest the calling out on the militia of the three border tiers of counties immediately to replace the troops now on the border, who will be required to meet the enemy.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

MOUND CITY, September 20, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Rebel force reported between Fort Gibson and Fort Smith, fifty miles southeast of Osage Catholic Mission. The supply train and one refugee train captured. I will be on the move when required.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry

MOUND CITY, September 20, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are two large bodies of troops moving north - one evidently on Fort Scott, the other on Springfield. I think they will then unite and move either through Kansas or Missouri. I will concentrate my force at Fort Scott. I think I can hold that place against 3,000 men with my present force. They may send a larger force, thinking to get a large amount of supplies there. I will take the field in the morning in person. I would think it advisable to send as many troops to the southern portion of your district as can be spared. I will call out the citizens of this locality to assist in the defense of their homes, which I think all do willingly. All of my command are in readiness to concentrate wherever necessity may require.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding First Sub-District.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 20, 1864-3.40 p.m.

Colonel CHIVINGTON,

Denver City:

The chief of ordnance objects to the diversion of the train sent to New Mexico. You must make requisitions for your wants in usual way.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

