
MORGANZA, September 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is not the intention to send troops any farther than to Morgan's Ferry, about thirteen miles. I have one brigade and two batteries there and can withdraw at any time inside of five hours. The occupation of that point enables us to keep thoroughly posted in reference to the movements of the enemy, and also to collect beef and forage, the former of which we are much in need of. I have just heard from Colonel Spicely. He reports that the enemy are returning to Alexandria on account of the scarcity of subsistence.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, September 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

I am directed to say that your dispatch is entirely satisfactory, and that the commanding-general's telegram was merely advisory and intended to prevent the possibility of the troops getting beyond reach.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, No. 81. Little Rock, Ark., September 21, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding Cavalry Division, is intrusted with the duty of picketing and patrolling the neighborhood of Little Rock, on both sides of the Arkansas, commencing on the 23rd instant. General West will send out what scouts may be necessary from time to time to keep down guerrillas, ascertain the positions of the enemy, and bring in beeves. He will make reports to these headquarters of the departure and return of scouts, with account of their operations and news they bring.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 21, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: General Mower left Brownsville, twenty-five miles west of here, with his division three days ago. He will follow Price and Shelby via Jacksonport. Major-General Reynolds returned from Little Rock last night and went down on about this noon. In case of necessity he would take his corps, the Nineteenth, up the Mississippi. I hope they will rise up in Missouri and deal Price a severe blow; and if every effort possible is made down this way it seems to me he can be crushed.

Very truly, &amp;c.,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

