
DEVALL'S BLUFF, September 21, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

Shall I detain the boats? One of them is ready to go down.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., September 21, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS,Devall's Bluff:

It was my design to communicate with General Mower by the river, but as the water is so low I will defer it until some investigation can be made. You need not detain the boats. It was the understanding between me and General Carr that a colored regiment should be sent you. I will see that it is done.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

BROWNSVILLE, September 21, 1864-7 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scout south returned this evening; had a skirmish with the enemy in the vicinity of Clear Lake; killed a leading guerrilla by the name of Eagle. The entire rebel force in that part of the country will not exceed 100. I send to-night 100 men in the direction of Arkansas Post for cattle.

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., September 21, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of letter* from Colonel Winslow, commanding the cavalry sent from here to Arkansas. So long as my cavalry can be of more use in Arkansas than here I do not object to its remaining there, but knowing the fate of cavalry in that department, I have no faith in getting it back here in a condition to be worth anything should it long remain there. While it remains there it so cripples me that Forrest can go about where he pleases. He has this advantages over us, that he keeps his cavalry in such position that the can concentrate it in a day or two, while ours is so far apart that to concentrate is impossible. The cavalry at Vicksburg, about 2,500, is too weak to make extensive raids and never attempts them, but it is more numerous than is required simply for pickets and scouts. My cavalry has been greatly reduced lately by reason of the expiration

---------------

*See p.187.

---------------

