
of the time of service of non-veterans. By getting a part of the Vicksburg cavalry here and my cavalry now in Arkansas back I can organize a cavalry force here that can go anywhere, and when you shall be ready to operate by land against Mobile I shall be glad to send a large cavalry force down upon the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and from thence to Montgomery. General Forrest was at Okolona on the 13th instant. I have a dispatch from him of that date. I think that I have pretty reliable information in regard to his intended movements. I have no doubt that with about 5,000 cavalry he is about moving or has already moved upon Sherman's communications. He will leave General Chalmers with his cavalry division, about 2,500 strong, with the militia to guard the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and the rich region of country about Columbus and Okolona. Chalmers' men were dismounted for a few days and sent to Mobile, but have since returned and are again mounted. If he (Forrest) move in Middle Tennessee I ought to have force here to make a big raid at once to Columbus or even Montgomery, for nothing would bring him away from Sherman so quickly as that. Wheeler, with his cavalry, is near Florence and I have no doubt they intend to join all their cavalry together under Forrest and raid Middle Tennessee and Kentucky. A large cavalry force here is,in my judgment, what is wanted. With 8,000 to 10,000 well-mounted cavalry here Forrest would not be allowed to leave his present haunts, of if he did he would uncover a regain of country most valuable to the Southern Confederacy. Much of the Vicksburg cavalry is dismounted. If I could get it here I could mount it very soon.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 313. Washington, September 21, 1864.

1. Major Oliver D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Missouri. He will at once repair to Nashville, Tenn., and from thence report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army of the orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have no communications with Bloomfield this morning. The operator here thinks the line cut near Bloomfield. I will send out scouts in that direction immediately. I have ordered a concentration of my forces here. Line all right to Madrid, and all quiet there and at Charleston.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

