
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have notified Colonel McLane, of the Fifty-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia, to collect his regiment and rendezvous here immediately. Organized two companies of citizens here to-day. Will have my forces all concentrated by morning. Have picket force out sixteen miles on Bloomfield road, and will send scout to Bloomfield to-morrow I do not get reliable intelligence of the whereabouts of the rebel force during the night.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 21, 1864.

Captain EDWARDS:

Bloomfield was threatened by a force of about 1,000 yesterday, and the pickets were driven in from the shoals west of there in the evening. The line was cut during the night. Hold your men well in hand and have the gun-boat captain hold his boat at your place. General Ewing thinks the movement into the State will be made west of the Knob, and that the force at Bloomfield is only a blind. Keep on the alert.

H. M. HILLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

TIPTON, MO., September 21, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Hayes, Warsaw, reports at 10 p.m. 19th, a force, eighty in number, seven miles of Black Oak Point. Left immediately in the direction of Hermitage, aiming to cross the river between Osceola and Warsaw. I have made a disposition for them on my west.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

TIPTON, September 21, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The report of 200 guerrillas crossing the Missouri below Boonville is false. Twelve of them crossed and were driven back by the citizen guards - all there is in the rumor. The body of eighty rebels that passed through Hickory County is probably part of the 10 reported by Brigadier-General Sanborn being in Laclede on the 18th. I have telegraphed to Pleasant Hill and Warrensburg that they were moving to the west and to watch for them. I shall stay here to-day and take measures for the effectual protection of this part of the district. In most case the citizen guards are active and efficient against thieving bands.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

