
part of Iron County on the 18th, commander not known. On the 23rd a band of fifty guerrillas entered Webster and plundered it; returned in southwestern direction. Reports Freeman's brigade stationed at Evening Shade, Ark., on the 16th ultimo, about 2,000 strong, about 500 or 600 armed. This information was obtained from a citizen of Lawrence County, Ark., who has a brother in Freemen's command, and confirmed by a paroled prisoner named Meyers, a loyal resident of this city, who was sent to our lines by Shelby; and also last saw Freeman's command north of Evening Shade, and eighteen miles south of the Missouri line on the 19th. Freeman was then marching north. A small band of guerrillas reported at Point Rock Creek, Carter County, Mo. A notorious band of robbers, under one Reed, has been committing depredations in Bollinger County, about fifteen men in all.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Have just received a dispatch from Captain Edwards, at New Madrid. Says one of his scouts came across two spies to-day and killed them. He learns that Colonel Clark is in command of the rebels, and that he has overestimated them; says he feels secure. Other two scouts are still out, and I will notify you as fast as they get in. My posts are all weak, but as soon as I can locate this rebel force I will concentrate and move against them.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Strengthen New Madrid, unless you feel it perfectly secure. As to this telegraph me. Use the utmost effort, by scouts and otherwise, to find the location, strength, and purpose of the enemy. Keep me fully advised.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 2, 1864.

Captain EWING,

Charleston, Mo.:

Captain Edwards says he caught a guerrilla to-day who he scared into confessing that 1,500 rebels under Major Smith crossed Little River a Elk Chute yesterday moving toward New Madrid. Have sent scouts out in that direction. You must keep scouts out constantly, and if the line should get down so that you cannot reach me, and you find an overwhelming force is moving up above Madrid, you will fall back here by way of Commerce.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

