HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Lawrence, September 21, 1864.

General S. R. CURTIS,Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received no later news from below than that I telegraphed you to-day. I think the capture of the Fort Smith train will embolden the rebels to attempt Fort Scott. Colonel Jennison telegraphs the reported surrender of Fort Gibson, and the rebels, 2,000 strong, marching on Fort Scott. I have ordered him to concentrate his troops and move at once to the protection of Fort Scott. Colonel Moonlight has also been instructed to afford assistance when needed. If I strip the eastern border of all troops it will open the gate to the bushwhackers, who will take advantage of the demonstration against Fort Scott to come into Kansas. Governor Carny has ordered out the militia, but I fear it will take so long to get it out that the mischief, if any, will be done before it can be of any service. I design it to replace the outposts on the border and to assist in the defense of Olathe, Paola, Mound City, and Fort Scott. That which he ordered out in Shawnee and Douglas Counties will not be needed unless the enemy come this way,and I have so informed General Deitzler. I have just received your dispatch. I should not have left Paola and I not been in telegraphic communication with all points of my command. I very much regret that I cannot go to Fort Scott. I am very lame and cannot ride horseback. Colonel Jennison is the senior colonel in the district.

I am,general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, &c.

TIPTON, September 21, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Lawrence:

There [are] movements of guerrillas from different directions that indicate a concentration of about 300 in western La Fayette County. They may intend a movement toward the border.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

LAWRENCE, September 21, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Commanding Sub-District No. 1, Mound City:

Leave a few troops on your borders, under reliable non-commissioned officers, to gain and send information to you; use your convalescents and dismounted men to guard your depot. Concentrate the rest of your force at Fort Scott and defend it. A request will be made to call out the militia. If granted, you must station them on the border, and ration them. Use some of them also to assist in guarding your supplies at Mound City and wherever else they are most needed. Send me at once any true information you may get.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

