
FORT SCOTT, September 21, 1864.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All the reports in regard to the capture of trains are true beyond a doubt. Not more than 100 effective men at this post, and even that number deficient in drill and discipline. I have ordered a concentration of the troops under my command at this point. I shall hold this place at all hazards, and I shall be prepared to do so within the next two days. The number of rebels reported is evidently but a portion of the command, as it is composed of two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, and a battery of four guns, with a large train camped close by and in open view.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding First Sub-District.

LAWRENCE, September 21, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Commanding, Paola:

Communicate with Colonel Jennison from time to time. If he is satisfied that Fort Scott is to be attacked you must have to his assistance without further orders from me. In that event leave troops enough on the border to give you information. Let your convalescent and dismounted men,with the help of the citizens, take care of your depots. If the militia is called out,send it where it is most needed, looking after Paola and Olathe. Leave direction for all information that may be gained, to be sent to me both from Olathe and Paola. Governor Carney has been requested to call out the militia,and Colonel Jennison has been directed to concentrate on Fort Scott.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Lawrence, Kans., September 21, 1864.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,Commanding Sub-District No. 2, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: Two companies of Kansas infantry are en route to Paola. Keep them at that post. They will were to relieve your cavalry if it is required below or elsewhere. Governor Carney has ordered out the militia. Dispose of those in your district so as to protect the border and guard your depots. Some bushwhackers are reported in western La Fayette County, Mo., said to be 300 strong. Of course when you place the militia on the border you will keep mounted men enough there to gain and bring you information. Ration the militia when they are in actual service.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., September 21, 1864.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Paola:

The enemy is camped on the ground on which the train was captured. Their cavalry are scouring the country in search of those of

