
our men who escaped. I have sent ambulances under a sufficient escort to bring up the wounded, and have scouts out in all directions. Will notify you when I receive any reliable information.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding First Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, September 21, 1864.

P. P. ELDER, Esq.,Ohio City, Kans.:

Yours of the 30th ultimo* is killed before me on my return from the plains, where I have been looking after the hostile Indians. I hope arrangements may be made to gather together all the friendly tribes and unite them in general raid on the tribes that are doing so much mischief. It requires the shrewdness and fleetness of Indians to fight those Indians. Colonel Coffin is trying to arrange a general council at the Sac and Fox Nation, to which, no doubt, the Osage chief will be invited. Just at present my attention is especially called to rebel approaches north of Kansas River and south of Kansas and Missouri. This may defer or prevent the proposed council at the Sac and Fox Agency.

Thanking you for your tender of favor, and assuring you that I will be glad to avail myself of it on the terms you suggest, I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, September 21, 1864.

Messrs. J. D. BRUMBAUGH,J. WERBACH, and

H. HALLENGBURGH,

Committee, Marysville, Kans.:

GENTLEMEN: I am in receipt of your communications, presented as the representatives of a public meeting, urging the establishment of certain posts to protect the settlements and maintain our lines of communication. I have made a personal reconnaissance extending entirely round the settlements and through the Indian country, and I am glad to perceive the numbers of the Indians that have done so much mischief are comparatively small, and may be resisted by our settlements without very great expense when the Government may not be able to furnish suitable garrisons to fortify our extensive frontier. The Indians are the mounted prairie tribes that almost universally use the bow and arrow, and expect to carry their ends by a dashing charge and immediate retreat. Any sort of an inclosure is a defense against such assaults,and in many places a sod fence or a god house, with gate or door well supported, has deterred the wildest savages from any attempt to carry the position. I name this by way of suggestion. In many neighborhoods the people have erected complete fortifications of earth and sod, to which they can resort at given notice. I have fully appreciated the Republican Bend as a most excellent point for a military

---------------

*See Part I,p.944.

---------------

