
post, but at present I am unable to afford the requisite force to make such a plan useful. Besides, the danger along the line of travel has,as you perceive, driven away the station men,who seem disinclined to return to their posts without troops in the immediate vicinity. The Government is anxious to keep the overland mails going, and I have to consider this great national necessity in connection with that of protecting the settlers. If,therefore, I can get troops enough I design to have station along the main travled road near enough together to keep up some protection to the country and leave a safe transit to trains and stages. At the same time I cordially concur in the views of the meeting, ably presented by yourselves, as to the propriety of having a post on the Republican near the Big Bend,and I shall seek an early opportunity to carry out that design.

Anxious to do all in my power to protect your people from the future assaults of savages, who have so cruelly and disastrously devastated your vicinity, I am, gentleman, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 21, 1864.

Hon. J. P. USHER,Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg respectfully to request that you will direct the surveyor-general of this Territory to survey and define by metes and bounds the reservation which has been set apart by law for the Navajo and Apache Indians at the Bosque Redono, on the Pecos River. This should be done at once, as it is of great importance to both the Indians and others that the exact lines should be known at once. If the law allows the honorable Secretary any latitude with reference to the size of the reservation, measuring from north to south, I would suggest that it include the Bosque Grande, and have the Rio Bonito or Hondo as its southern boundary. These are what might be considered as natural limits.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FERNANDEZ DE TAOS, N. MEX., September 21, 1864.

General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant. To-morrow morning I will leave for the Cimarron and see immediately what arrangements I can make with the Indians at that place. I saw Kaneatchi at this place and learned from him that he feels disposed to go along with the whites on a campaign against the Indians of the plains. As soon as I can ascertain the number of Indians that will go with me I will report to you immediately. I cannot say what length of time side Utes would like to remain out on a campaign, but will ascertain the time when I see them. I will require sufficient transportation to take the provisions and ammunition to the lower crossing of the Cimarron, or to the crossing of the Arkansas, where it will be necessary for me to establish a depot. I also wish an order for arms, ammunition,and provisions; also transportation sufficient to

