
carry all the necessary articles for the campaign, and which transportation I will return as soon as I find practicable. I am fully aware that there are plenty of Indians in the neighborhood of Crooked Creek or Beaver Creek, south of the Cimarron. I would also wish to have the authority to get the three companies of cavalry to go with me, as my object will be to hunt and destroy their villages. The Arapahoes and Cheyennes have gone north of the North Platte with their villages in company with the Sioux. The Commanches, Kiowas, and Apaches are south of the Arkansas, and I will proceed at once to destroy their villages. Keneatchi says he will want blankets and shirts, also arms and ammunition for his men, as many of them are nearly destitute of everything and will require such articles before he can go on the campaign. Please inform me immediately how and where I can procure such articles as the Indians may really need. It is also really necessary for me to have cavalry, and in case I should find they were not wanted I would immediately have them returned to their several stations, as it would be entirely useless for me to go with only the Indians. I think very favorably of your plan of compromising the Utes and Apaches with the Indians of the plains, and feel confident that the plan will meet with success. You, as myself, are fully aware that it will require a strong force to attack their villages and be successful, and therefore I hope you will provide me with a necessary force, so that I can give the Indians of the plains a sound drubbing. Please send by this express all the necessary instructions, orders, &amp;c. If you wish it there are about 300 Navajoes at Fort Sumner who would like to accompany me on a campaign, as I talked to them on the subject before leaving there, and I feel confident there would be no trouble with them and the Utes. I spoke to the Utes concerning a treaty with the Navajoes at Fort Sumner and they have no objection to such a treaty.

Expecting to hear from you by return express, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 21, 1864-3.10 p.m.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

The Thirtieth Wisconsin and Eighth Minnesota Regiments should go to General Sherman, at Atlanta.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 22, 1864-1.45 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Inspectors have been sent to Arkansas, and partial reports received. If you can spare another competent officer I would advise his being sent also. There seems to have been great rascalities committed under General Blunt on the Arkansas and in the Indian country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

