
NEW ORLEANS, LA., September 22, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Farragut has been ordered to Port Royal. His health is so much impaired that he contemplated asking to be relieved; but, on being advised of contemplated operations, and that Sherman might possibly come in at some point on the Gulf, at once relinquished the idea and determined to remain. He feels himself that he is not at present physically equal to the task of organizing any new operations of magnitude, and that while he can be of service here, he would break down in the new assignment. This in my own belief, and, although I have a strong personal wish that he should remain, I believe that I am not selfish in asking that the case may be considered under this view of it. Will you please submit it to the proper authorities?

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILD. DIV OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 136. New Orleans, La., September 22, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. Lieutenant Colonel William S. Abert, assistant inspector-general,is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf,and will proceed without delay to Washington City and report for orders to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

*		*		*		*		*		*

5. Leave of absence for twenty days, with permission to apply to the Adjutant-General of the Army for an extension, is hereby granted to Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Volunteers.

6. Major General S. A. Hurlbut, U. S. Volunteers,is assigned to the command of the Department of the Gulf during the absence of Major-General Banks.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 138. New Orleans, September 22, 1864.

SEED CANE.

I. Owners, lessees, and managers of plantations in this department are hereby ordered to reserve upon their several estates, as seed cane, one-fourth of the suga-cane, the product of this year. In the event of a transfer of plantations, this reservation will be accounted for to its owner according to its market value at the time of transfer.

WAGES OF LABOR.

II. All persons are notified that the product of the plantations within the Department of the Gulf will be held, wherever it is found, subject to the lien for wages on the part of the laborers who have been engaged in the cultivation of the crop, in accordance with the provisions of general orders heretofore published.

