HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., September 22, 1864.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,Commanding Detachment, Morgan's Ferry:

The general commanding directs me to say that as the object of the expedition to the Atchafalaya has been fully accomplished, you are at liberty to return with your command to camp as soon as you please. Either wait until rations run out or come in the morning, as you prefer. No news.

Yours, truly,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 22, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of affairs at this post which includes the time from the date of my last report (September 14) to the present time:

On the 15th day of September, Colonel Ford, commanding rebel forces at Fort Brown, sent a flag of truce for the purpose of inquiring of me whether the Mexicans whom he had captured (as I informed you in my last report) were in the service of the United States. I informed him that they had surrendered themselves as refugees to the United States and were allowed to temporarily resume their arms for their own protection. It becomes my painful duty to report to you a great offense committed by Lieutenant Colonel H. S. Smith, Ninety-first Illinois, commanding at Boca Chica Pass, in reference to this flag of truce. He finding that bearers of such a flag (a lieutenant and private) were at the outer or advance guard line, did not inform me of the fact but contrary to regulations and to existing orders from War Department and department headquarters, sent Captain Robert Dennis, Ninety-first Illinois to them with orders to bring them into his camp and not to blindfold them. When they had arrived at the headquarters of Lieutenant Colonel Smith he ordered Captain Dennis to bring them to my headquarters, which are situated at the north end of the island, distant about five miles from the Boca Chica, without blindfolding them. By these means they were enabled to see the exact number and position of our guns and to form a fair estimate of the number of our troops. I immediately placed Lieutenant-Colonel Smith under arrest and will prefer charges against him. The French have refused to allow messengers to go to Matamoras from this place by the way of Bagdad. The reason which they assign for this is that Mr. Pierce, U. S.consul at Matamoras, aided in the escape from Bagdad of an individual whom they had placed in charge of the police. How much foundation this complaint has I am unable to determine as I have had no opportunity to communicate with Mr. Pierce for several days. Nothing has been seen or heard from the rebels since the day on which the flag of truce was received. Owing to the amount of fresh vegetables which have been lately received through the agency of the Sanitary Commission and from other sources, the health of my command is improving.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago, Tex.

