
ROLLA, MO., September 2, 1864.

Captain E. McK. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The two companies of the Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry will march to-morrow morning for Jefferson City.

JNO. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., September 2, 1864.

Captain HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

A heavy commissary train of 100 wagons loaded with stores, for which the commissary at Springfield, Mo., is loudly calling, also the arms of the Forty-sixth Regiment Volunteers, are now ready and waiting for an escort. I have none that is adequate to spare. At least 100 men will be requisite. All this district outside of Rolla, Salem, and Waynesville is and has been the last four months at the mercy of the guerrillas. I should like to come down to-morrow to see the general commanding about these things. Will your order me there?

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 2, 1864.

General McNEIL,

Rolla, Mo.:

If the two companies Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry have not gone to Jefferson retain them and send sufficient escort with the wagon trains. Write what you wish to say, as it will not answer for you to leave Rolla for a few days.

By order of General Rosecrans:

EDW. McK. HUDSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, September 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Two hundred guerrillas took the Jefferson penitentiary ferry-boat day before yesterday, killing the pilot and captain, and crossing over to the south side. I took command of the Tutt this morning, releasing the Fanny Ogden. My command is composed of thirty mounted and seventy-five dismounted cavalry, and one section of artillery. I have now the cavalry and thirty dismounted men at Frankfort, enforcing an assessment. Is not the force you speak of the same that has crossed on the penitentiary boat? If not, and you can give me information, I could use troops from here to execute any movement you might suggest.

HENRY SUESS,

Major, &amp;c.

