
gun-boat Huntress is still there, is it not? The other gun-boat, I understand, is below about Osceola. If the line goes down betwixt us, use every effort to get it up again and communicate with me fully and promptly via Jonesborough.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

From the information I get from Captain Sells and from the men from about Bloomfield, I think that there is a strong probably of an attack here. The same men who gave the information of the rebels' intention to attack Bloomfield said they intended to attack Cape Girardeau. I have about 550 men for duty here, not including citizens. I sent messenger to Colonel McLane yesterday, but he has not yet reported. I expect him in to-night, and will probably have 900 men here by evening. A large proportion of my men are new recruits and citizens, and the fortifications are so extensive that I cannot well man them all with this force. I can hold the principal forts with the force I have against 3,000 men. With 800 or 1,000 more good men I could hold the place against a large force. The troops at Sainte Genevieve are not under my control. If the line gets down I will send messengers by Jonesborough and communicate with you there. The line is down between here and Madrid. The gun-boat 58 is at Madrid. Captain Edwards is fully advised of the movements, and has his force ready for duty.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I have had strong patrols on all roads to-day, and can learn nothing yet of the approach of the rebels nearer than where they had the fight with Captain Sells. I have sent out scouts to Bloomfield, and ought to hear something from them by morning. Will start a strong force in that direction if I hear nothing during the night.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., September 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Prisoners brought in by Captain Charveaux report Shelby's command near Thomasville, and that Price is expected to march to Pocahontas. I wills end you their statement by to-morrow's mail. My scout were met this side of Thomasville on Sunday, and I expect them back this week, if they get through. You might send scouts via Chalk Bluff and Poplar Bluff, and find a shorter and safer line of communication. Charveaux's affair was a brilliant and dashing cavalry charge. It reflects honor on him and his men. I believe if I could have given him a hundred men he would have bagged Coleman and his entire com-

20 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

