
mand. I must have cavalry before I can do anything effective. Can you send the Seventh Kansas right up? I hear nothing of the Seventeenth Illinois. Houston should be occupied by a light force immediately. We can then scout to the Arkansas line.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

To Colonel Du Bois, chief of cavalry, with instructions to make every effort to get the Seventh Kansas off to Rolla as soon as practicable.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., September 22, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One battalion of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry reaches Rolla to-morrow night, the other two days later.

W. C. LE FEVER,

Captain, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 145. Rolla, Mo., September 22, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Lieutenant L. Storz, Fifth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will proceed, with twenty-five men and five days' light rations in haversacks, to the country between Mill Creek and Spring Creek, in search of guerrillas bands and disloyal persons. The former will be pursued and exterminated, taking no prisoners in arms, except such as voluntary surrender previous to conflict. The latter when found guilty of harboring and feeding guerrillas will be warned out of the State and their houses burned, their fences and crops destroyed. The inhabitants of the country will be warned that aiding and assisting the enemies of this Government, whether in regular force or when acting as guerrillas, will call down certain destruction on them, and that the commandant of this district gives them a friendly warning, which he hopes they will heed, and save him from the disagreeable duty that will devolve on him when they are detected in such practices. Lieutenant Storz will call on the officer in command at Little Pina for a guide and such advice and assistance as he may need in the execution of these orders. He will make the power of the Government felt and respected in the counties he moves through by the good order and discipline of his men and respect for the property of the loyal; next by the destruction of every house and farm where the occupants have violated the repeated orders of this department against feeding and harboring or giving aid and information to bushwhackers.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

