
wholly incorrect. In case of an advance in force you are directed, in accordance with instructions heretofore sent you, to assume commend of all the troops near you and concentrate them either at Neosho or some other point, if you deem best to do so. In case of concentration you will report the fact to these headquarters, with all other facts in your possession in relation to the enemy, and then await further orders unless you are compelled to fall back, in which case you will report at Mount Vernon.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 22, 1864.

General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

The general commanding is of the opinion the gross cowardice, mixed with a touch of mild treason, may account for the Keytesville affair, though it may turn out on investigation that we do the militia injustice. Please report by telegraph result of your investigation in the matter.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, September 22, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

Your dispatch says that you were to march at midnight last night. That looks well. I am very anxious that you should clean that district out. it is important that you do much in secrecy, and I wish daily reports of progress, as it concerns us elsewhere.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE:

Arrived here at 4 p. m. Guerrillas on every hand. Bill Anderson, Stephens, and Perkins are all in Boone County. We commence the drag-net to-morrow. I move toward Rocheport in the morning. Telegraph will reach me here. Post me fully. Have I any mail of importance?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CHILLICOTHE, September 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow:

I have information that an additional force of rebels, estimated at 500, crossed the Missouri River into Carroll yesterday morning. The citizens of Carroll are most defenseless; they are fleeing to this post for protection. I have no positive information, but what I hear leaves

