
to be apprehended in procuring supplies, if, indeed, it can be accomplished. The presumption is that at this time the forces at the above points are reduced to scant rations, as they are reported to have had only sufficient to subsist them until the train should arrive. In this view of the case the evacuation of the posts at Gibson and Smith becomes a matter of most reasonable supposition, and that the forces will fall back in this direction can hardly be imagined with large bodies of the enemy intervening. The probability is, therefore, that the troops mentioned will be sent to Little Rock or some other point in General Steele's command, thus leaving our whole southern and southeastern frontier entirely exposed. Very reliable information places the headquarters of General Price at Cane Hill, at which point he is constantly receiving large acquisitions from all points in Missouri. Major Ross, district inspector, reports that he has positive information of detachments passing down east of the stations on Dry Wood; and from the most positive information we have been able to obtain the rebel forces now with or subject to the immediate command of General Price will range from 15,000 to 25,000. The evident policy is to concentrate their entire available force at Cane Hill or some other favorable position, with a view to an advance either into Missouri or Kansas, or probably both simultaneously. Scouts have been sent out with instructions to penetrate the rebel camp, if possible, and to obtain all information in regard to movements of the enemy. I have ordered the entire force of employes in the quartermaster and commissary departments at this post enrolled, armed, and placed in charge of suitable and competent officers. The citizen companies are being drilled, and every preparation is being made to resist any probably advance in this direction. We shall endeavor to hold this position, notwithstanding the extent of the force which may be brought against it, while we have anything left to do it with. The force here is totally inadequate, however, to resist with success any extensive attack. Discipline has been lax, and all things have conspired to invite an attack if the situation has been known, as it probably has, to rebel leaders. I am in hopes, however, that a few days will produce order from comparative chaos. As the militia has been called out, I think in sufficient strength to defend the eastern border, I should respectfully suggest that it may be well to undertake an expedition southward with the cavalry in order to ascertain the positive condition of affairs below and east of us. I shall undertake no movements, however, beyond those absolutely essential to the defense of this district, unless under orders from headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel, Commanding First Sub-District of South Kansas.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,September 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the department commander.

Colonel Jennison has no force to make expeditions with at present time, nor will he be permitted to make any.

GEORGE SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

