
FORT SCOTT, KANS., September 22, 1864.

Captain INSLEY:

Scouts just in from Forts Smith and Gibson, who passed Cabin Creek, report that there are but about 12 or 15 of our men killed; they think there is not more than 4,000 or 5,000 rebels north of the river. Brooks' rebels are at Clarksville, and there are about 400 at Cane Hill. A man just in from Texas says they are concentrating forces for a heavy attack on Fort Smith. I give you the news as it comes.

C. W. BLAIR.
HEADQUARTERS FORT GIBSON,September 22, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: The train sent from Fort Scott has been captured by the enemy. We must guard the next train against a force of 5,000. The train was captured by a force of 2,500, and we have intelligence of a force of about 1,500 in the vicinity of Cane Hill. If possible obtain an escort of 2,500 men, and send messengers every day after the train starts.

Very respectfully,

C. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, September 22, 1864.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT:

DEAR GENERAL: On my review of papers I see many matters of interest concerning your district which I may only partially review on this occasion for lack of time, but I will fully consider everything as fast as I can. First, I find by a letter from Colonel Bent that two chiefs of Kiowas, Sitauk and the son of Little Mountain, called on the 7th of August on the colonel and proposed to make peace with the whites. Taken in connection with the fact that Sontog or sitauk was the chief that shot the sentinel at Larned at the breaking out of the troubles, this movement is significant. It shows that the Kiowas moved west, and no doubt they are the same parties who have subsequently given us trouble on that line. Their lodges must be somewhere west of Larned, probably not far from Bent's Fort of Bent's Ranch. Before any peace can be granted the villains who have committed the crimes must be given up, and full indemnity in horses, ponies, and property must be granted as Indians can indemnify. Something really damaging to them must be felt by them. In view of the immediate pressure on my southern border, it will not be possible for us to extend operations as I would like to do in your district at present. The line of operations of General Thayer from Fort Scott, or rather his line of supplies, has been cut off, and the enemy seems in force near Cane Hill. I shall need all possible aid in that direction, and hope you will be able to move some of your troops down the Arkansas to Council Grove, where you may be able to strike a blow, or your forces to repel invasion, or open the way to our comrades who are now cut off from their supplies. Reports variously present the enemy. It is said two regiments and four pieces of artillery attacked the train at Cabin Creek, capturing and destroying it, and further reports say

