
that Price, with 26,000, has crossed at Dardanelle, and is now at Cane Hill. Governor Carney has ordered out the militia, and I am sending all available forces toward the enemy. It seems hardly possible for Price to bring an army through the desolate region of Arkansas, but he has a large portion of our Fort Smith outfit, and it may be corn enough has ripened in Northwest Arkansas to feed the rebel hounds that are now occupying that region. However this may be, the presence of an enemy in formidable force is there, and it will, no doubt, stimulate bushwhackers in Western Missouri, so as to renew difficulties and augment them on the border. I therefore recommend you to distribute enough force along the road to make matters as safe as possible, and move yourself with the remainder to Council Grove and report to me in advance your probable arrival at that place. General Sykes is unable to take the field, and I may to take the advance myself, although department duties are exceedingly onerous here at headquarters.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, September 22, 1864.

Colonel LIVINGSTON,

In the Field:

I have directed a detachment to move down from Kearny to establish the post at Liberty Farm. My object is to assist in hurrying forward the overland mail arrangements. Anything that you can do to accommodate this interest consistent with the safety of the troops, I desire that you will do. This will be handed you by Mr. Holliday, the contractor, who will give you information as to the difficulties he has to encounter, and which we should assist him to overcome. You know my general plan is to establish substantial posts once in about fifty miles, with intermediates of less importance, as our forces will admit. General Mitchell has gone on beyond Cottonwood, and in his absence you will proceed to distribute the troops, as few as you can with safety, and carry out my general field order on the subject of protecting and escorting property on that line of travel and commerce. When General Mitchell returns you will furnish him a copy of this letter and say that it is the general's wish that he should pursue the policy here indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

DENVER CITY, COLO., September 22, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have regiment 100-days' men on the way for field on train from Fort Leavenworth, but cannot get here in time because of the Indian troubles on the Platte route. Are 400 miles back and laid up. The time of this regiment will expire and Indians still hold road. This is no ordinary case.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

