HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that a thorough reconnaissance of the country about Lake Natchez and on Grand river will be made by a combined expedition of the army and navy, the time of junction of the two forces to be at 12 m. on the 27th instant. General Cameron will designate the land force of the expedition, and also the force to accompany the gun-boats from Brashear, and will give all the necessary instructions. Commodore Palmer has given orders concerning the gun-boats. The objects of this expedition are, first, to surround and capture any of the enemy found in that region; second, to obtain a good topographical knowledge of the country bordering Grand River; third, to explore the country with a view of ascertaining the rendezvous and haunts of rebel jayhawkers and guerrillas, who have been in the habit of infesting the La Fourche country; to break up all the enemy's means of infesting this country hereafter, as well as to arrest all persons found who are known to be in the habit of assisting or giving countenance to the enemy. After this expedition is accomplished a combined reconnaissance of the army and navy will be made on Grand or Belle Rivers behind Lake Verret. You will make necessary details and give the necessary instructions pertaining to the land force. Its object is, first, to capture any of the enemy who might be found; second, to make a thorough exploration of the whole island behind Lake Verret, to ascertain the place of rendezvous and haunts of rebel guerrillas and jayhawkers, and to arrest all persons who are know to assist or harbor the enemy' third, to assist the navy by a close and united co-operation in clearing out Grand or Belle Rivers, and removing torpedoes and other obstructions. The placing of Grand and Belle Rivers in a position of navigation from Brashear to Lake Natchez is one of its most important objects.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 19. Baton Rouge, La., September 23, 1864.

The organization of this command is announced, in accordance with orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, as follows:

First Brigade, Colonel Oliver P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding - One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Fourteenth New York Cavalry.

Second Brigade, Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, commanding - Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Eleventh New York Cavalry.

Third Brigade, Colonel H. Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, commanding - Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Second Illinois Cavalry.

The First Wisconsin Battery, First Lieutenant Daniel Webster, commanding, will report direct to these headquarters.

Regimental commanders will report to the commanders of their respective brigades with the least possible delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Lee:

F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

