
DEVALL'S BLUFF, September 23, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER:

A citizen who left home eighteen miles northwest of Searcy last Sunday reports that Price and Shelby were then at Pocahontas with about 13,000 men; also that Rayborne, McCoy, and other guerrillas chiefs, with about 400 men, were bushwhacking General Mower's column and lurking about for stragglers. A citizen from the direction of the Arkansas reports Cabell with two other brigades near Arkansas Post.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Steele.)

PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 23, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

I heard to-day that a party of 300 rebels crossed to north side of river twenty-five miles above here day before yesterday. Have sent out a scout to ascertain the facts in the case. The spy Hicks was hung this morning at 10 o'clock.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 23, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

Brigadier-General Andrews reports that a detail for teamsters which was referred to the One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois and One hundred and sixth Illinois Infantry, by Lieutenant-Colonel Thrall, commanding brigade, was countermanded by you and that you directed that the order should not be complied with. The brigadier-general commanding wishes to know if such are the facts. The detail for teamsters must be filled at once.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 23, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yes, sir; I did countermand the order of Lieutenant-Colonel Thrall, or rather I directed the commanding officer of those regiments not to comply with that order, and shall do so in the future should that officer attempt in a similar manner to interfere with my command. The One hundred and sixth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry Regiments are detached from the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Thrall and are now under my command. I do not recognize his authority to command those troops or to make details upon them. Indeed, he was very ignorant of his military duty, or he had a great deal of assurance in sending an order direct to the commanding officers of those regiments whereby, had it been complied with, apart of my command would have

