
been withdrawn from me without my knowledge. If that way of doing business were permitted I might prepare myself some morning to find that, under orders sent direct by Lieutenant-Colonel Thrall, those two regiments had marched off to Devall's Bluff, for if he has a right to order a part of those regiments away he has the same right to order them [all]. If I am to understand that it is the intention of the brigadier-general commanding the district to legalize the blunder of Lieutenant-Colonel Thrall by ordering the detail himself, of course it will be promptly complied with, as it would have been in the first place had it emanated from proper authority and been sent through its proper channels.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 23, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. HAMILTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Cav. Div., 7th Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor of responding that the recent scout, of which I was in command, proceeded to Benton, Saline County, Ark. On the way thence I met a flag of truce under Major Magruder, C. S. Army, at a distance of ten miles from Little Rock. I sent the same in, under escort of a sergeant and six men, who afterward joined me at Benton. Thirteen miles from Little Rock I received instructions to proceed to Hot Springs County, Big Creek Township, in order to serve summons on four individuals living somewhere in the neighborhood. I arrived at Benton at 2 p. m., and sent my advance as far as the crossing of the river without observing an enemy. I then occupied the town of Benton, throwing out my pickets on the principal roads and outlets of Benton. Not finding any forage this side of the Saline, I sent one commissioned officer and twenty-five men with a team across the Saline, one mile a half, to obtain the forage, which they got without any difficulty. The officers of the different commands, twenty-five men of the First Iowa, nineteen men of Third Missouri, and twenty men of the Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, reported that the scout was to return that same day. I inquired as to the whereabouts of Big Creek Township, but received no satisfactory information, with the exception of a man named Woodhall, resident of Benton. He knew the summoned persons. They live from twenty to twenty-five miles on the Old Princeton road. Not having sufficient rations, I sent a messenger to this place, and was therefore, ordered to return to camp. The messenger not arriving until 7 a. m. 22nd instant at Benton, I left that place at 8 a. m On my road here I was fired upon three miles this side of Benton, but the distance being too great it did no injury. On arriving at Benton on the 21st instant my advance guard observed a resident of that place, by name Pack. Said Pack is known to be a rebel in sympathy. They not taking any notice of him, allowed him to escape. He did not return to aid the rebels. I found rebels or bushwhackers hovering within sight of the pickets this side of Benton, but was unable to pursue them. From information I gather that rebel General Magruder is at Camden, and no regular force this side of Princeton. The Eleventh (rebel) Arkansas Regiment has been furloughed and is said to be in the county

21 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

