HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Commanding, Cape Girardeau:

You should reoccupy Bloomfield and Charleston as soon as practicable, if even with a mere picket, so as to restore confidence and to keep down petty gangs of thieves. Patterson was evacuated yesterday noon, a force of 800 rebels taking possession. I think it was all or part of the force which compelled the evacuation of Bloomfield. Major Wilson sends me a report that Shelby is in strong force fourteen miles from Fredericktown on Whitewater. It came from citizens and there is probably nothing in it. A gun-boat will be at the Cape to-day.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 23, 1864.

General McNEIL, Rolla:

One battalion Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry arrives at Rolla to-night, the others in a day or two. One battalion Seventh Kansas Cavalry leave here probably to-morrow for Rolla, and the remainder as soon as practicable. Information from recently captured letters points plainly to Rolla as the place you must expect attack from Price &amp; Co.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., September 23, 1864.

Major NEWBERRY,

Commanding at Salem:

DEAR SIR: All the information from scouts and captured mails, both here and at department headquarters, point to an invasion of the State by the rebel General Price. It is also pretty well ascertained that the main column will come this way, and, of course, take you en route. You will keep a good lookout for their advance by scouts in your front, and fall back on this post on the approach of an overpowering foe. Get rid of all superfluous camp equipage and surplus ordnance stores by sending them here by first train, and keep yourself in light marching trim. I will send troops to Houston soon if the road is open; I only wait for re-enforcements to do so. Keep me well advised of all that you get from the direction of Arkansas.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN, Warrensburg:

Concentrate your men from the west. Perkins is crossing his men below Rocheport in squads to go south. Send 300 or 400 smart cavalry to that vicinity, and arrange communication for information up and down the river. Be quick. A regiment of infantry will be sent to Jefferson City in a few days.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

