
WARRENSBURG, MO., September 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

Concentration will be made from the west. Cavalry will be directed to the south of Rocheport.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

After Colonel Ford reports to Major-General Curtis there will be no troops to guard the stores in the western counties. There are about 1,500 tons of hay collect at Pleasant Hill and a quantity of quartermaster's and ordnance stores at Kansas City.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 23, 1864.

General BROWN, Warrensburg:

Can't we call out militia enough to protect Kansas City, and cannot you cover Pleasant Hill with a part of the Seventh Missouri State Militia? Can it be possible that 300 or 400 guerrillas crossed north at Carrollton day before yesterday?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis:

Militia could be called out to defend Kansas City. They would be more effective, however, as volunteers for a short time of service. The effective mounted force of the district will be reduced to less than 2,000 men by the removal of the Second Colorado. The Forty-fifth has about 600 recruits, leaving one company at Lexington with the citizen guards, to protect that town; two companies here to guard the stores I cannot remove and guard the communications from here to Gasconade River. It will not be practicable to cover Pleasant Hill with the Seventh. There can be no truth in the report of any considerable number of guerrillas crossing into Carroll County day before yesterday. The trains are loaded and will move at daylight to-morrow to Sedalia. I have sent the sick and prisoners and surplus stores to Jefferson City, breaking up all the depots that is possible.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 204. Warrensburg, Mo., September 23, 1864.

* * * * *

8. Headquarters of the District of Central Missouri will be, until further orders, in the field. The office furniture, records, &amp;c., of the several departments will be moved by train to-morrow, 24th instant, to Jefferson City. Captain T. S. Case, district quartermaster, is charged with the

