
KANSAS CITY, September 23, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Pursuant to telegraph orders just received from the general commanding District of Central Missouri, I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding Department of Kansas for orders.

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 23, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

A scout returned from Strawberry Creek, in Arkansas, this morning, leaving there Wednesday morning, and reports that the roads are all picketed five miles north of the creek. Freeman's and Tracy's commands and a regiment under Colonel Speer were there. Colonel Speer informed him that Price's whole army was moving below in a northeastern direction; that Price had a large amount of artillery and 400 wagons, loaded mainly with ammunition, and that they did not design to fight anywhere except in Missouri, and assured this woman that they should carry this place within the next ten days; that Price at headquarters of infantry regiments at and north of Batesville. My belief now is that Price is moving north with his army; that there is a possibly of being mistaken yet. Will the general approve of calling out the militia?

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield:

I can't find Strawberry Creek on my map. Captain Clowry, from General Steele on the 16th, reports that Price had only crossed some cavalry and mounted infantry. He had sent a large column after him. You can call out the militia if you think best; I will telegraph you about it. How many can you raise, and can you get them to fight? Why should those rebels be so free in talking? How could that woman see those letters unless through design? Question closely and let me know.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT, KANS.,September 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I send two messengers, Sergeant Lobdell and Private McEwen, through to you, dressed in citizens' clothes, to see what information you have to Price's approach. Please send me any informa-

