
tion you may have of the whereabouts of the enemy. Stand Watie took a commissary train of 200 wagons from this post last Monday morning, at Cabin Creek, 100 miles south of this. His force was 2,300 men with six pieces of artillery. The same evening he was met by Colonel Williams with parts of three colored regiments, some few cavalry, and a battery, who gave him battle. After a two hours' fight he drove the enemy in great confusion. His men were too much exhausted with a march of eighty-six miles in forty hours to pursue, and night coming on the men slept in line of battle. Next morning the enemy was gone, scattering his captured property clear to the Verdigris, which he crossed going south. If Colonel W.'s men had been fresh they would have recaptured the train. Carthage was burned day before yesterday by a small party of about twenty, whether a part of the rebel force advancing here about 1,200 troops and more within call, besides the militia, which can be used in case of necessity. I shall be much indebted to you, general, if you will give me fully what information you may possess of the whereabouts and probable force of the enemy, as well as his apparent destination, either by telegraph or messengers as to you may seem best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

HARTVILLE, MO., September 23, 1864.

General J. B. SANBORN:

DEAR SIR: I have been requested to write you a few lines concerning the condition of our country. As I have not the time to write but a few lines I will let if suffice to say the rebels are running over us rough shod, and if we don't get some more men in this part of the country I fear we will have to leave our homes. I consider the Mountain and Houston two places needing soldiers quartered, but we will be satisfied if we can get only two companies at the Mountain. It is the general pass way either north or south. This week they killed a woman and robbed several houses. Our little squad at Hartville is not enough to protect forty or fifty miles infested with rebels. If possible do send us some help, for we do need it, especially now. We will submit it to your honor, hoping that you will see fit to send us some aid. We now will wait in breathless silence until we hear from you.

Yours, truly,

JAMES FORREST,

County Creek.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT CAVALRY,Mount Vernon, Mo., September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from Captain Ray, commanding at Newtonia, which is substantially as follows: Eighth soldiers belonging to the Sixth Kansas came into Newtonia on foot on the night of the 22nd instant, and report that they were engaged in a fight with Stand Watie on Cabin Creek, about 2 o'clock on Monday morning last. They state that they were a portion of the escort commanded by Major

