
Hopkins, of the Second Kansas, and were escorting a train of some 250 Government wagons and fifty sutlers' wagons from Leavenworth to Fort Smith. They state the fight commenced at 2 o'clock in the morning and lasted until 8 o'clock, when Major Hopkins was cut off, with all the mounted men, from the train. The wagons were all captured; that Stand Watie was in command, with 1,800 men and four pieces of artillery; that near Beattie's Prairie they were informed by rebel women that there were 400 rebels went north toward Neosho; that they had seen several small bodies of rebels in the Cowskin country; that they saw plenty of sings of rebels on several roads, the travel all going northward. They think there is a rebel force between Beattie's Prairie and Neosho.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 257. Springfield, Mo., September 23, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Captain Samuel Turner, commanding Company G, Sixth Provisional Regiment, at Hartville, will, upon receipt of this order, detach twenty men of his command under charge of a commissioned or non-commissioned officer. They will be instructed to remain at Hartville and guard that place against small bands of robbers, but to retreat to the woods and take care of themselves upon the approach of a large body of the enemy. The best mounted men will be left. Captain Turner will thereupon report with the rest of his command, with camp and garrison equipage, to the commanding officer at Marshfield, Mo., without delay. The loyal citizens in the vicinity of Hartville will be ordered into Hartville to assist in holding that post.

VI. Captain L. J. Mitchell, commanding Company F, Seventh Provisional Regiment, near Carthage, will, upon receipt of this order, send one lieutenant and twenty-five men of his command to Humansville, Mo., with instructions to occupy that post until further orders. Captain Mitchell will thereupon report with the rest of his command to the commanding officer at Mount Vernon without delay.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, MO., September 23, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

I moved through Randolph and Howard to this point yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper moved toward Fayette from Huntsville. Major Leonard in the neighborhood of Rocheport killed 3 of Anderson's men and captured from him 25 fine horses; some of the horses are recognized as having been stolen from Cooper County. I can learn of no great concentration of the villains, but numberless small bands are roaming the country, stealing horses. From rebel sources I learn that the expectation is, that in Boone County,k near Rocheport, a concentration of the different bands will soon take place, and in sufficient strength to hold their position, or move across the Missouri to meet an invading

