
County, where they are much needed, although I propose sending them to Boone County for a few days. We need 1,500 good men in that region forthwith. Chariton, Howard, Randolph, Audrain, and Monroe Counties have at least 1,500 bushmen. The approaching draft is steadily [increasing] the "corps de brush" from a class of citizens who have never before openly resisted the Government, and in the counties above named disloyalty has never been so rampant as just now, nor have loyalists ever before been so dispirited. That entire region needs a severe lesson, and by the grace of God they shall have it if I can get the men, arms, and horses for the companies.

C. B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 2, 1864.

General FISK:

You have ample force already if properly disposed and used. There is abundance of bread-consuming, marauding, and traveling about, but no effective, well-concerted action to expel the rebels from those counties. The whole matter should be put under one head and the details arranged for concerted movement. Why not give the whole to Catherwood? Where are his troops? Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Catherwood's troops are at Liberty, in Clay County, numbering 230 men for duty. Catherwood is not in the district. Major King, also in command of the detachment, is in no respect inferior to Catherwood, and in many respects much the superior of the two officers. General Douglass will direct the movements of the troops in Boone and Howard. I shall send him every available man. You will remember, general, that none of the new troops are available, and my best militia companies are just now in the transition state from militia to volunteers, and the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia are nearly all dismounted. Will do the best we can toward expelling the guerrillas with footmen.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Mexico, Mo.:

Has your expedition started, and is it too far under way to have a co-operative force sent on the Fanny Ogden, to land at Providence and move from thence to Columbia? I write by direction of the general commanding.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

3 R R-VOL XLI, PT III.

