
force from Arkansas. I go to Rocheport to-day to establish a river patrol to prevent crossing. Major Suess, I learn, has been ordered out of the Missouri with his guns. I have two howitzers that I shall place upon a small steamer for temporary service between this point and the crossing near Rocheport. The late rebel recruits from these counties are mostly youngsters under eighteen years of age, who have associated with veterans from Price's army. Nearly every house is a guerrilla picket station, and the men, women, and children spies in the bushwhacking service. My troops, both mounted and dismounted, are moving vigorously and secretly from Grand River eastward and from the North Missouri Railroad westwardly, making Boone County the point of concentration. General Douglass, Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, Majors King and Leonard are all out under the best of guides, and, being themselves thoroughly acquainted with the country, will be able, I trust, to make us a good report.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Use your utmost vigor now. Perkins, Todd, Quantrill, Thrailkill, Anderson, and all the other rascals, are now in Boone and Howard, and will try to get west and south. Watch the gaps north and west, and drive steadily and with all sharpness and vigor, and you will crush and destroy the rascals. Get every one you can on the watch to intercept and get news.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., September 23, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

It is reported that 500 guerrillas crossed from La Fayette County into Carroll on the night of the 21st and occupied Carrollton. Colonel Shanklin, at Chillicothe, has been re-enforced from Saint Joseph and moved into Carroll. Brunswick is threatened by a gang that crossed from Saline. I have sent a small force to save, if possible, that post from the fate of Keytesville. The Keytesville affair smacks of something stronger than mild treason. Not a gun was fired. Forty-five men, well armed and in a barricaded court-house, surrendered to sixty bushwhackers under Thrailkill, and party of them immediately joined the marauders. The chief was a son of Mills, the Keytesville committeeman under General Orders, Numbers 107. I fear the entire Chariton County 107 organization is unreliable. I shall go to Brunswick myself to-morrow and investigate. The sympathizing militia will not fight any enemy that carries a Confederate flag, and nearly every gang of them have the rebel rag raised over their plunder. We cannot afford to experiment with the sympathizers, with the crisis now upon us. La Fayette should have the benefit of all doubts. The Randolph County organizations are much on the Keytesville order, and I have directed that the untrustworthy be prudently relieved from duty and the public arms taken from them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

