
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 23, 1864.

General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

I don't credit the report about 500 crossing at Carrollton. You must be on your guard against being misled by reports and drawn from the true scent. Devote your entire mind and energies to driving out the bushwhackers, so that we can be ready for something else soon. Keep me advised.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow:

Am informed that 100 guerrillas crossed to north side of the river near Sibley and 100 near Dover on the 16th instant. Nothing further.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 2. Glasgow, Mo., September 23, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel D. J. Hynes, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, and chief of cavalry, will proceed without delay to Keytesville and Brunswick, Chariton County, Mo., and make a thorough investigation of the late disaster at the post of Keytesville.* He will summon and examine witnesses, reducing their evidence to writing. He will make the most searching inquiry into the character of the militia of Chariton County, under command of Colonel W. E. Moberly, as to their loyalty and efficiency, and report fully all facts elicited. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes will await orders at Brunswick until Monday morning, September 26, when, if orders do not reach him, he will proceed to district headquarters, Saint Joseph, Mo.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KEYTESVILLE, September 23, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival here at 6.30 p. m., having neither seen nor heard definitely of any guerrillas or bushwhackers on my line of march. I visited Salisbury and found that Lusher's was already non est, all his spirits having been taken by the guerrillas on their last trip through on Tuesday. Lusher was not at home and it was supposed had gone to Brunswick. I have made many inquiries from all classes of people, but fail to obtain information of any of the marauding bands of a latter date than Tuesday, when they were last seen on their way to Glasgow for the avowed purpose of cap-

---------------

*For Hynes' report, see Part I, p. 424.

---------------

