
turing it. The party who captured this place on Tuesday, composed of some twenty-five men under Thrailkill and some forty under Todd, after searching but not pillaging the people, except of their horses and arms, went away on Tuesday for Glasgow, and have not been heard of since. I think you have them all now in your front, between Glasgow and Fayette, or in that neighborhood. I found no troops here nor any of the paroled militia.

I am, general, with high regard, your obedient servant,

D. J. HYNES,

Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 23, 1864.

Colonel DANIEL M. DRAPER,

Commanding Cavalry Expedition, Fayette, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have been waiting information from the western portion of the district before answering your dispatches received by messenger last night, but the lines are down and I am unable to tell you of the guerrilla movements westward, except that my telegram yesterday advised me that another large party of the villains had crossed from La Fayette into Carroll County and occupied Carrollton. One report fixes the number at 500, and these, too, may travel in this direction. I cannot learn of any great concentration of guerrillas in either Boone or Howard, but there must be a goodly number of them somewhere not far off, and as to movements against them from Fayette you will, in a measure, be governed by information received at Fayette. In the absence of information which may lead you to adopt other movements, let your forces operate in the direction of Renick. I will send a column from Glasgow down the river through Boonsborough and New Franklin to Rocheport, thence up along the west side and through the Perche Hills. General Douglass is now moving from Mexico toward Rocheport, thence up the eastern side and through the Perche Hills. A small force will co-operate with these movements from Sturgeon, and if there is any considerable force of guerrillas in Howard or Boone some of you will certainly find it. General Rosecrans telegraphs me that his information leads him to the conclusion that the concentration will be near Rocheport, and he thinks we can have but little trouble in finding and killing the "entire lot." I trust we shall not fail in the consummation of an act so devoutly to be wished. Sent Lieutenant Waite to Rocheport with dispatches to Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, who will also push toward the Perche Hills. I shall remain here for the present and gather information from the west. Keep me thoroughly posted by messengers, and let not the glory of the "Old Ninth" fade in the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- You will understand, colonel, that you are not to be governed by the foregoing instructions if the guerrilla movements in the meantime lead you to move in other directions. Major Leonard's knowledge of the country and the devils therein will be of great service.

FISK,

Brigadier-General.

