
Pleasant Hill and some ordnance and commissary stores at Kansas City. Will you authorize him to stay till we can get some troops to send there?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ATCHISON, September 23, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

My paymaster has just arrived from Kearny, via Little Blue, with five men. Saw no Indians. Have directed my men to bring stock down under direction and protection of the military. Impossible to get stock-tenders at Kearny. Must beg of you to assist me in this way with soldiers until I cant get some men out from here. Will start a party from this end to meet those starting from Kearny. With your advice and assistance and my determination I know we can put this line into operations, so that there will be no further interruption in this important service.

BEN. HOLLIDAY.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 23, 1864.

BEN. HOLLIDAY, Esq.,

Atchison:

Have telegraphed Governor Carney requesting him to loan you the guns. You may rest assured that no one is more anxious or determined than I to get an early and safe restoration of the mail route. Some delay may be necessary in the arrangement of troops to avoid dangers, but I will sacrifice, if necessary, other routes to preserve instead the overland mail, but your patient and careful exertions must be added to make your stations as safe as possible for your men and horses.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

LAWRENCE, September 23, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

Colonel Jennison reports Carthage, Mo., burnt yesterday by rebels, and Price at Cane Hill, Ark. A train must go to Gibson with subsistence, and the garrison at Fort Scott will be weakened thereby. I will add to it from Moonlight's command. If you take off the dispatches that come from below, let me know it in order that I may not duplicate them to the general.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 23, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Hdqrs., Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: Colonel Jennison, commanding sub-district, informs me that a train will leave Fort Scott on Tuesday or Wednesday next for Cabin Creek, en route to Fort Gibson. I know not by what authority this train is put on the road. Cabin Creek is the scene of the late disaster, and Colonel Jennison telegraphs that the wagons are to be met at that point by troops from Fort Gibson. The troops at the latter

