
station are represented to be on short rations, and their only hope of supplies rests on the train from Fort Scott. It seems to me that the departure of this train will be the signal of an attack upon it by the same party that captured the last; and as the force to be sent for its protection must necessarily be small, I doubt the wisdom of sending it off. It will be necessary to detach troops from Fort Scott to accompany the train, and the garrison of that post is not even now adequate to its certain protection. If the train should be sent, and I suppose the orders therefor proceed from department headquarters, i will send troops from Colonel Moonlight's district to replace those detached from Fort Scott. From all the information gathered from below I do not understand why General Thayer remains at Fort Gibson. This district cannot supply escorts for his provision trains so long as any trouble exists on the border. I desire to bring to the general's attention does not in any way indicate the number of troops that can be brought into the field. Captains of companies along the border and elsewhere have permitted their men to be off for every purpose but a military one; furloughed on detached service, which means to go home, and on every conceivable duty, which keeps them from doing duty in the ranks. I am endeavoring to correct these evils, but they have become so chronic among Kansas regiments that it is no easy matter, scattered as the companies are. I would be glad to hear from the general on the subject of the train, and in time to communicate any instructions he may see fit to give.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

PAOLA, KANS., September 23, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

I have ordered a scout to be sent out from Rockville. Have you withdrawn all the troops from Linn County and ordered the military into active service?

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 23, 1864-10.35 a. m.

Colonel CHIVINGTON,

Denver City:

You will communicate your wants to your superior officer, General Curtis, at Fort Leavenworth.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DENVER, September 23, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have made such disposition of troops as to give complete protection to the road between Julesburg and Denver. Coaches can resume with perfect safety, and teams are in no possible danger on this end of the route with proper precaution.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel.

