
moved northward in numbers, they think from what they heard, about 14,000; infantry, 8,000, and cavalry, 6,000, located as follows: The Texas, General Parsons' brigade of cavalry at Arkansas Post; Missouri, General Parsons', at Camden, with brigade of cavalry. The rest are scattered at different points. The divisions, General Walker and Polignac, are at Monticello. General Magruder is also there. They also state that the orders were read to the troops of those two divisions to cross the Mississippi, but they positively refused to do so, and affirm that their intention is to attack Little Rock and Pine Bluff, keeping those two brigades of cavalry on White River to prevent re-enforcements from going up. Your dispatches for Major-General Reynolds, received by the hand of Colonel Cummings, were forwarded by one of the staff officers to Vicksburg, Miss., the general having gone. I send you a Saint Louis paper of the 21st instant, in which you will find glorious news.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

If Shelby has gone to Pilot Knob he will probably meet A. J. Smith. I am quite certain that Price has not gone in that direction. Captain Napier, Third Arkansas Cavalry, has just returned, having followed up Price since he crossed the Arkansas. He says Price has 200 ordnance wagons, about 7,000 extra muskets, to arm Missouri men. I presume that the difficulty about the detail of teamsters at Pine Bluff arose from its not having been made through General Clayton. I will inquire into it. It is my intention to send you the Third Minnesota as soon as troops enough arrive to relieve them. Clayton's command is very small now for his exposed situation. He is threatened by a large rebel force, under General Walker. When the veterans of the Third Minnesota (now on furlough) arrive at Devall's Bluff on their return you are authorized to detain them. We learned through some of our people just from Camden that Magruder was there, and that a large force from Texas had passed Camden, said to be on their way to Monticello. Captain Comstock said he saw five regiments. One of the officers asked General Magruder if he considered him on parole not to divulge what he learned at Camden. Magruder replied, "No; Steele will hear from me soon."

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 24, 1864-7.45 a. m.

Colonel M. L. STEPHENSON,

Huntersville, Ark.:

COLONEL: You will assume command of the Second Brigade, you being the senior officer in the brigade. I think the headquarters had better remain for the present at Little Rock.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

