
MEXICO, MO., September 2, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

Expedition has started and am expecting to hear from them to-night. Too late to co-operate with them.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 2, 1864.

Major A. A. KING,

Liberty, Mo.:

Move forthwith from Liberty to Glasgow with all the available force that can be spared from the garrison at Liberty. Make the number 250 men, well armed and mounted. If possible add to them at Richmond, Carrollton, and Brunswick all the well-armed and mounted militiamen that can be spared from home-guard duty at Glasgow, detailing a concentrated movement against the bushwhackers in Howard, Boone, and Randolph Counties. Prepare for a campaign of fifteen or twenty days; move with light rations to Glasgow. Restrain your command from all lawlessness. Prevent straggling and pillaging, if at the cost of shooting offenders. Obtain information of guerrilla movements at Carrollton, and if they are said to be in any force in Central Chariton send a column via Rockford, on Grand River, to Keytesville and Glasgow. Keep me advised by messengers sent to Hamilton, Chillicothe, or Brookfield, to be sent by telegraph. Compel citizens to bear your messages, and hold them responsible for promptness and secrecy. Keep your destination and campaign a secret. Captain Garth will be instructed to be vigilant and on the alert during your absence from Liberty. Answer at once when you will probably reach Glasgow.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WESTON, September 2, 1864.

General FISK:

Gordon has gone north toward the Iowa line-the only whacker of any prominence now left to engage our attention except Captain William Downing.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding.
HDQRS. EIGHTH SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Fulton, Mo., September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant A. J. HARDING,

Actg. Pro. March, Dist. of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to submit to you my monthly report.

During the past month the bushwhackers have been more troublesome in this sub-district than at any time before. The bands are numerous

