
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Rolla:

Shelby reported at Fredericktown with 300; advance at Saint Francis River. Call out all the militia in your district. Put your teamsters at work on your forts. Put everything in requisition for an obstinate defense in case of attack. Arm and assign all able-bodied citizens fit to have arms.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Has the Seventeenth Illinois arrived?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, September 24, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One battalion of the Seventeenth Illinois arrived here last night. The balance of the regiment may not be here for some days. There cannot be much militia in this district. Warmoth has been three weeks engaged in getting less than 300 men here. Unless I have a more efficient officer than he to rely upon little can be expected of the militia. Your orders shall be carried out about teamsters. I have a large amount of ammunition for Springfield, which the quartermaster says he can get off on Monday. It will require a heavy scout to Lebanon, even if General Sanborn can relieve my guard there. The ordnance officer at Springfield calls loudly for it. What shall I do about sending it forward/

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Commanding, &amp;c., Rolla:

The general commanding directs me to say that evidence goes to show that we are to have a heavy invasion. Every preparation should be made, therefore, to except it from the south and east, possibly in your rear. Send one company to each bridge, or send mounted militia, if they will fight, to guard the bridge between Rolla and here. The ammunition need not be sent till you hear from me.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SEDALIA, September 24, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with detachment of the Seventh Missouri State Militia and artillery. About 400 cavalry are scouting south of Rocheport. Wagon train with stores will be here to-morrow and all will be moved by railroad from Warrensburg by Monday morning. I have left two companies at Warrensburg, one at Knobnoster, one at Clinton, and one at Lexington. Couriers with relay stations have been established between the telegraph stations and the Osage for rapid transmission of intelligence.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

