
TIPTON AND BOONVILLE ROAD,

[September 24, 1864.]

Captain J. H. STEGER:

I cannot hear of any guerrillas in this vicinity or in the direction of Pisgah. Can hear nothing of bushwhackers.

W. D. BLAIR,

Captain, Commanding.

SEDALIA, September 24, 1864.

Captain W. D. BLAIR,

Tipton:

Keep scouts out in all directions and remain at Tipton until further orders.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: The expedition which I sent up the river to Marion, of which I informed you personally, has returned. Colonel Lazear, who commanded, reports having taken one flat-boat and five skiffs and brought them to this place. He also reports one skiff remaining in the river at Gray's Station. The colonel (Lazear) thinks from information gained, there are quite a number of rebels on the north side of the river from Cedar Creek up as high as Marion. I have the honor further to report that in obedience to your instructions I have taken possession of the steamer Cora and placed a command of fifty men on her with instructions to the officer in command as directed by you. The boat will leave at 3.30 this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. W. HICKOX,

Colonel Fifty-third Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 24, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Strawberry Creek has its source about ten of fifteen miles southwest from Salem, Fulton County, Ark., and runs southeast into the Black River. We can raise 500 militia in this county and about 1,500, I think, in the whole district. All will fight, I think. The woman scout has brothers in the rebel army and she always manages to get the confidence of their officers. She has spied a good deal for us from Neosho and has always been reliable and correct. She says that she expressed great doubt to Colonel Speer about Price and his force coming to Missouri, and to satisfy her that what he said was true he exhibited these letters to show the army was north of Batesville. Their infantry may have been mounted. I will forward another rebel mail

