
captured near Keetsville by a detachment of the First Arkansas from some rebels killed in a fight there a few days ago. These letters all represent that Price is coming to Missouri with 12,000 mounted men with the view of spending the winter, and that the infantry have all been ordered up from Louisiana and Texas to Camden; and some writers of these letters say that if Missourians are true to themselves, Price can stay permanently, and that he has been preparing for this movement for two months. The movement seems to be consider an important one. Six of the Second Kansas soldiers who were escorting the train captured on Cowskin have come in to Newtonia and report that after fighting from 2 o'clock until 8 on last Monday morning the enemy got between Major Hopkins' command and the train and captured the entire train, and that Stand Watie made the attack with 1,800 men and four pieces of artillery, and that about 600 of the force had gone north, and say the train was compose of 200 Government wagons and 50 other wagons.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

September 24, 1864-12.30 midnight.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The general commanding directs me to say if you have ammunition enough to fight two or three battles, don't send for any more. The invasion is too near Rolla. It will probably come by the way of Southeast Missouri, Pilot Knob. Have everything in the snuggest possible order so that you can move at a moment's warning. How many wagons have you? You must let none fall into the hands of the enemy. This is to call your attention to the subject that you may forecast and inform the commanding general. In his desire to cover the country much must be left to your discretion. Should we be able to do without you it will be very desirable that you should hold your position.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT CAVALRY,Mount Vernon, Mo., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: It is reliably reported here that there were 200 rebels in Carthage on yesterday; that they camped on Jones' Creek the night of the 22nd instant; that they were traveling north. Captains Mitchell and Stotts are on a scout to-day in the direction of Jones' Creek and Carthage. They probably have eighty men with them. I have not heard from them since they started. It seems to me that twenty men at Lamar will be in great danger of being cut off and taken in if not relieved soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

