HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 24, 1864.

Colonel JOHN D. ALLEN,

Commanding, Mount Vernon:

COLONEL: Upon receipt of this you will detach from your command one lieutenant and forty men for special duty. Instruct them to proceed to Jasper County and there collect all available teams for the purpose of removing women and children from about Carthage. Instruct them also to escort the mowing machines now near Carthage to Greenfield and then return to your post. If these teams belong to Union citizens they will be returned after moving out the families. If the owners are secesh, send the teams to the quartermaster here. Let Mitchell's men perform this duty if they have not already come in and then report to you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN S. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow:

Two telegrams received. Report satisfactory. Spare no efforts in time. Give them no rest until they are squelched out. Tell our men it is fight or die. There will be no trifling.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

Shelby is coming into Southeast Missouri. His advance is at Farmington.

GLASGOW, September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp, Saint Joseph:

We are constantly fighting the bushwhackers. Twelve of the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia were surprised and killed near Rocheport yesterday. Major Leonard killed 6 of Anderson's gang, taking from their dead bodies 30 revolvers and capturing 7 horses. Another party killed 4 of the same gang and captured 25 horses. Boone and Howard are swarming with guerrillas; every conceivable bushwhackers from Bill Anderson down to Guitar can be found in this region.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, MO., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Rocheport:

Commissary stores will be shipped to Rocheport on first steamer. The disaster to Matthews is serious. Is it impossible that he divided his command in marching through that villainous region? We must make up for this loss speedily. Major King is on the route to Fayette with 200 well-appointed men and one howitzer. Keep me posted fully every day, and make Boone and Howard too hot for the devils, either in

