HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. J. HYNES,

Chief of Cavalry, Brunswick, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your Keytesville dispatch. The messenger arrived and reported at 1 o'clock this morning. You will not wait my arrival at Brunswick, as it is quite doubtful when I can go in that direction, if at all. Make up report of the Keytesville disaster and send me by Griswold as soon as completed. Retain your escort while necessary and then order them across the country bushwhacking to their command. We can as yet learn of no concentration of guerrillas, but shall find the rascals if in this region. The more I learn of the Keytesville affair the worse it turns out to be. Somebody must be hung for the villainous treachery exhibited at the surrender. Go to the bottom of the Moberly organization and make such recommendations as the cause of loyalty demands.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, September 24, 1864.

General FISK:

I received a message from Colonel Moberly stating that he expected an attack last night. He speaks as though it would be impossible for him to hold the place, and wants help.

W. FORBES,

Colonel.

GLASGOW, MO., September 24, 1864.

Colonel FORBES, Macon City:

Moberly is in no danger. Messenger in from Brunswick reports no bushwacker in that region.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 24, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

General Rosecrans has been directed to give you the regiment of Colorado cavalry at or near Kansas City. All your available forces not required against Western Indians should be thrown south, on the Fort Scott route. Large re-enforcements have been sent to the Arkansas River to cut off the enemy's retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 24, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

A reliable spy has given intelligence of rebel presence and purposes, which he got through a relative in rebel lines. There is quite a force

