
FORT SCOTT, KANS., September 24, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Have just returned from review and inspection. From what I gather from men just in from Fort Smith, I should say that no large force has crossed the Arkansas together, except Brooks' command, which is at Clarksville, on the river, and is about 1,200. Four hundred men were near Cane Hill ten or twelve days since, but no more. The force which took the train was General Gano's and Stand Watie's, with Texans and Indians, numbering about 2,300, with six guns. They took in several hay parties not from Gibson's, a number of citizens, two companies of the Second Kansas, and one negro company. They recrossed the Arkanas, going south forty miles below Gibson, with a large proportion of the train plunder, some having been throw away, but not much. There is now no enemy more usual north of the Arkansas. There is not, and has not been yet, any danger of Southern Kansas being ivaded, but the next train will need large escort, and the force detailled for that purpose by Colonel Jennison is ample. I will insure its safety if it goes as now ordered. Carthage was burned or party so. Two of my scouts were on a hill in sight and saw some houses burning and about fifteen men running around in the town. They supposed it was a small force of our local bushwhackers.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 24, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

Do you know where Colonel Williams is or any of the Fort Smith troops? When will the next train go down, and will they escort it?

G. D. THAYER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT ESCORT, September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant G. D. THAYER,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Colonel Williams is Flat Rock; Major Foreman at Hudson's Crossing. Train will start next Tuesday, escorted by our troops, to Cobin Creek, and by Colonel Williams on from there.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 24, 1864.

Colonel J. W. GOODWIN,

Commanding 138th Illinois Infantry, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas:

COLONEL: I have the honor to represent that Company G, One hundred and thirty-eight Illinois Infantry, on their recent march from Paola to Lawrence committed depredations upon the properly of peace-able citizens living along the road in the vicinity of Black Jack. Representations of these facts, which I believe to be true, were made to me, and an account of $30 damages was presented. The accounts was referred to Captain Lamport, commanding the company, with instruc-

