
the trains are in off the plains, then I wish to make a more extended campaign. This movement is mainly intended to cripple the Indians of the plains and commit the Utes to our side meantime. This I have written to-day to Colonel Carson. Tell Company McFerry this, so that instructions may be given to correspond with what is here written with reference to supplies in case the Utes agree to go. In the more extended operations later in the season the Navojoes may be employed. If the three companies from Canby arrive in time two of them can go and the twenty-five Californians. In this case all the men that can be mounted without buying any horses must be mounted. The others will go on foot. Dismounted men are the best to defend a train or a camp. Say to Captain Bell I wish him to make his calculations for the amount of food which it will be necessary soon to advertise for the Navajoes and Apaches.

Truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 24, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, Fort Wadsworth:

COLONEL: If the command under your immediate orders are still at Fort Wadsworth when this dispatch reaches you General Sibley directs that but two of the cavalry companies detailed by you to relieve the companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, as directed by sealed orders addressed to you at that post 22nd ultimo, shall retain their horses there. The other two companies will be dismounted and their horses brought down under your direction to Fort Ridgely, where orders will be found as to the disposition to be made of them. You will instruct Major Rose, who will remain in command at Fort Wadsworth, as previously ordered, that the grain for forage at that post is to be used very sparingly. The horses are not to be fed with grain when not actively employed while the grazing is good, and in any case not over half allowance should be give them, as the prices of grain and of transportation to that post are too enormous to permit full forage of that description to any animals at that post. Major Cloweny has already been instructed on the subject.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 25, 1864.

(Received 2.45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Can you not detail General Seymor to inspect in Arkansas? If not, I will detail Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock and send him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

