
SHREVEPORT, LA., September 25, 1864.

* * *

That order from the Secretary of War sending all the infantry across the river to Hood, which could not be accomplished from the fact that the intended movement was speadily known to the Feds who patrolled the river from Saint Louis to the Delta night and day, yet was productive of great evil, for thousands of the men positively refused to leave their homes and families to go so far, and thus mutiny, disorganization, and demoralization followed, so that at this time I truly believe it would be utterly impossible to get up any kind of an effective force to oppose the Federal hosts. General Price has gone into Missouri, taking with him nearly all the cavalry belonging to this department; this is also known to the enemy, who are cunning enough to see that now is the time to retrive the disaster of last spring and occupy without much opposition the whole Trans-Mississippi country.

* * *

NOTE.-Captured in a rebel mail near Saint Joseph, La., en route from Texas to Richmond.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, October 12, 1864.

The writer of this letter is the wife of an officer of Kirby Smith's staff, and in what she says may be regarded as reflecting the views entertained at his headquarters. The disaffection to which she refers was understood at the time to have included only the Texas troops, but it appears to have been more extensive. A part of Bucker's force (Dick Taylor's old division) is still under orders to cross and join him in his new command, as they are principally Louisiana and are to serve in the District of East Louisiana. The attempt to cros will no doubt be made.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeauz, La., September 25, 1864.

Colonel JONES,

Commanding Post, Brashear City:

If my maps are correct it is not necessary that a boat goes through Lake Natchez to get to Micheltre's plantation, on Grand River. If Lieutenant-Commander Washbure will try it, let them do so, and if it is found impossible the boat can return. See Lieutenant Washburne, and if the hour of junction does not suit him I should know to-night. You will see that the officers in charge of the infantry are instructed not to allow any unauthorized plundering.

By command of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

