
MORGANZA, September 25, 1864.
(Received 8.45 a. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN:

Arrived last night; left Little Rock 20th p. m. All quiet. Price had passed into Missouri about 16th, with mounted force. Mower had moved toward Jacksonport: had not been heard from when I left. Will leave here to-day or to-night for New Orleans.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF BATON ROUGE AND PORT HUDSON,Baton Rouge, La., September 25, 1864.

SIR: On the 10th of September I went from Osyka to Clinton. Found no others there than the militia, about 380 men, with old muskets and rifles, who were to go home on the 12th, and they were replaced by Colonel Carter with 260 men, who stayed a few days there and was ordered on the 29th to Woodville. Scott's headquarters are at Liberty. He has with him 380 or 400 men. He sent from Liberty to Clinton 200 men with four cannon for the purpose of picketing and scouting. They mostly picket on the plank road and old Liberty road and the first picket is standing at the fork of the Liberty and Williams' Bridge road. The first picket on the plank road is six miles this side of Clinton. From Clinton I went to Woodwille and found one company of Powers' regiment. Fromn Woodville I went to Tunica; found the rest of Powers'regiment and Fourth Louisiana Cavalry with six cannon. From Tunica on the road to Natchez I found the place where Taylor's men are to cross at Rodney. There are stationed there three regiments, Wood's, Dumonteil's and Wilward's [Wingfield's], about 1,000 men each. The Fourteenth Confederate Regiment is stationed along the road from Rodney to Jackson, Miss. At Rodney are six cannon, two 12-pounders and four 24-pounders. I stayed two days in Jackson, and found that Mabry's brigade, seven regiments, 6,000 strong, received orders from Mobile to be ready to come down to Jackson from above, so that whenever there is a chance to cros the Mississippi they may go to Rodney to protect the crossing. Kirby Smith's men will remain west of the Mississippi, and Gardner, who has taken command of Taylor's old men, is to bring them across the river. From Jackson I went to Monticello, where is a large commissary store and Captain Griffin's men. The most of the regiment to which Captain Griffin belongs is at home. There is a pontoon bridge across the river there. The principal commissary store is on the other side of Pearl River at Mount Carmel, but I did not go there. Between Mount Carmel and Columbia there are about 1,500 cattle. From Monticello to Hazlehurst there is nothing of importance. At Brookhaven there is a large commissary store and cattle pen with about 600 head of cattle. Two miles from Brookhaven, in the woods, I found fifty wagons, with one large yawl on each, and drawn by four mules, which stand ready, when an opportunity should offer, to assist Dick Taylor's men to cross the Mississippi. They attempted to cross at Tunica on the 14th, but had to return on account of the gun-boats going up and down the river too much. On the 10th they went with twenty wagons ten miles this side of Rodney, but returned because they feared that we were on the watch for them. From Brookhaven I went to Summit and found a good deal of commissary stores and one company of soldiers. Stopped there and found out

