
entered Missouri with a large mounted force. Forrest, when I last heard of him, was still at Okoloan, and would soon move. That was ten days ago. The whole talk then was that he would devote himself to Sherman's communications, and he told and acquaintance of his who resides here, but who was at his headquarters at Vernon, near Okolona, that he expected to have command of Wheeler's and his own cavalry, and that he expected to visit Middle Tennessee and Kentucky. I should have a cavalry force here equal to his, at least, and in my judgment no time should be lost in organizing here a force of 8,000 or 10,000 cavalry. I have here now about 3,500 effective cavalry, and have 2,300 in Arkansas. If I could add 2,000 more, I should be so strong as to be able to pursue Forrest wherever he may go, or make a raid into Alabama that would bring him home. Should any of the Vicksburg cavalry be ordered here, I should like to have the Second Wisconsin, which has been dismounted and is very much run down. If I can get it, I can speedily mount and make it of some service.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 175. Saint Louis, Mo., September 25, 1864.

I. Major O. D. Greene is hereby relieved from duty as assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff at these headquarters, that he may comply with orders received from the War Department.

The commanding general while he regrets extremely to lose the services of Major Greene in this department, takes great pleasure in testifying to his zeal, ability, efficiency, and honest devotion to duty while under his command.

II. Colonel John V. Du Bois, aide-de-camp, will assume the duties of chief of staff.

III. All regiments and detachments of cavalry on duty in or near the city of Saint Louis will at once be organized into a Provisional Brigade, under the command of the senior cavalry officer present, who will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am now sending forward to De Soto the Second Brigade as rapidly as possible. General Ewing telegraphs that besides Shelby's 5,000, Marmaduke is coming upon the east of Pilot Knob with 3,000; was at Cedar Creek, moving in the direction of Fredericktown.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The troops were not loaded when I got here. I cannot get hem off for an hour or get to De Soto before daylight.

THOS. EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

