
FIELD HEADQUARTERS FRONTIER,

In the Field, Plum Creek, Platte Valley, September 2, 1864.

For convenience of a movement against Indians, the following arrangement of troops in this vicinity is temporarily adopted:

The First Nebraska, Colonel Livingston's command, is attacked to the District of Nebraska and will report for duty to the commander. A movable force will be arranged as follows: First Battalion, Colonel Livingston commanding-a detachment of pioneers of First Nebraska Cavalry, about 100 men, Lieutenant Humfreville commanding; Captain Stevenson's company of militia; Pawnee Scouts, under command of Captain McFadden; also three pieces of artillery. Second Battalion, Colonel Summers commanding-all troops belonging to the Seventh Iowa Cavalry and two pieces of artillery. Third Battalion-Captain Thompson's company Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry; Captain Gove's escort company, three pieces of artillery.

Daily marches.-The troops will usually move in the following order: First, Indians in advance as vedettes, under command of Captain McFadden. They will seek after signs and report to the officer of the day or officer of the guard all intelligence received. Second, a company to act as guard, the senior of the company to be officer of the day, and next officer to be commander of the guard. These officers will see that flankers-front, flank, and rear-are always well out, but within easy communication with the command. Third, remote straggling must be avoided on the march and in camp, except when special permits to hunt are given by general officers or commanders of separate detachments. These permissions are necessary to successfully approach hostile Indians, and also to avoid the loss of men and horses. In camping at night the general front will be in direction of our march. The Indian scouts will be on the extreme right, and other troops should, as far as convenient, preserve their places according to rank as First and Second Battalions. Great care must be taken to guard stock, and teams should be parked for night in inclosures, and pieces of artillery properly located at suitable angles by the officer of the day.

Reports of the First and Second Battalions will be made through Brigadier-General Mitchell's headquarters, who will see that these and other field orders are read to the battalions and all detachments of the command and properly executed. Major R. H. Hunt, chief of artillery, will act as assistant adjutant-general, to receive reports in the field, and Captain Charles Thompson, acting quartermaster of First Nebraska, will act as chief quartermaster and commissary for the troops in the field.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, September 2, 1864.

Major S. S. CURTIS,

Aide-de-Camp, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 30th ultimo relative to escort of trains en route to New Mexico, &amp;c. In reference to the 200 wagons which you say will pass west this fall I can only say that so far as the escort is concerned it makes but little difference when they start, so that I am advised in advance. I will advise, however, that they go in large trains instead of small ones, as in that way it will be easier to protect them. I would

