
NEW MADRID, MO., September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Commanding Sub-District, Cape Girardeau:

SIR: My scout have been all through the country on all sides of us during the past two days. All my scouts report a force of about 2,000 rebels at Bloomfield or vicinity. Citizens confirm the same reports. Jenkins and there men went in the vicinity of Charleston yesterday and returned last night; he reports the line cut and torn down for eight miles this side of Charleston. He don't think there is any force there; nothing but guerrilla bands under Harry and Jim Fugitt, who are robbing and stripping the town. Marion and Corey, of Company B, left Friday for Sikeston and vicinity; Marion got back last night. They were bushwhacked from Sikeston to within three miles of our pickets and Corey was dangerously wounded, receiving four shots. He escaped and got to a private house thirteen miles out, where he is now. I have sent for him. Marion reports the rebels at Bloomfield in force and in squads all through the country. They had killed and dressed seven beeves yesterday between here and Sikeston, and appeared to be preparing for a force to come that way. I am ready for them if they come, but don't think I have men enough. The Second Wisconsin troops left yesterday. I cannot act on the offensive and do the guard duty. I cannot spare a force to go up to repair the line. Is it possible for me to have another company of infantry to do the guard duty and give my cavalry a chance to scout? Reports from below say there is a force of 400 or 500 at Hornersville. Miller is getting better.

Yours, very respectfully,

JAMES W. EDWARDS,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your three telegrams of last night. Your directions shall be complied with in each case, and the defense, when the occasion comes, shall be to the last man and the last gun if my troops will stand by me. You must recollect, however, general, that the infantry I have is raw and uninstructed; that I have but one battery for the field, and no cavalry that have ever been in action. Captain Hoelcke will by this time have advised you of the state of the forts, and the time needed to put them in a fair state for defense. I have no doubt that this will be in the line of advance of the main invading army. It is the shortest and most practicable route of advance to Jefferson City, the political capital of the State and the first object of Price's ambition. It presents good roads for artillery, and no rivers that are not easy of crossing at this season of the year. You will see the importance of having some good troops here-troops that will fight the enemy's advance outside of our works, so as to inspire our green troops to stand up to work when assaulted inside. You, general, know your means in hand, and it would be presumption to advise, but allow me respectfully to suggest that regular or well-drilled troops might be drawn from the north side of the river and the Missouri River counties occupied by the militia of the more northern and more loyal counties. I believe you can hold the disloyal Missouri River

