
counties this way as though they were in a vise. I will send Warmoth's men along the railroad to-day, if possible. Shall send Colonel Beveridge to the front as far as Houston to keep a lookout, and I will wait the arrival of other troops. We are pressing the instruction of the Forty-fourth and Forty-eighth, and hope soon to have them ready to handle.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, September 25, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Beveridge informs me that the First Battalion of his regiment may be expected here to-morrow. Is the First Battalion to be sent to me? Have the Seventh Kansas started yet? I want a dashing regiment to take the advance in attacking Freemen, Coleman, or Cole. Cole, a new officer, reported to have 1,000 men and camped in Backwater. I will know more about him soon.

McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. McNEIL,

Rolla:

The Seventh Kansas has not its arms ready, but I now think of retaining it here to organize a force capable of doing some mischief to the enemy. If the enemy comes east of you I should like to have your infantry and batteries prepared to hold the post, and Sanborn making a similar arrangement for Springfield, to join you, and Brown's spare cavalry to harass the enemy. Make him travel slowly and compactly. I will advise with Sanborn and Brown. Let me know what kind of roads and crossings of the Osage and Gasconade are between you and Jefferson City, and how long time to march across.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 147. Rolla, Mo., September 25, 1864.

I. Colonel I. S. Warmoth, Sixty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia, will immediately call into active service all the Enrolled Missouri Militia in this district to rendezvous at Rolla and Cuba City, Mo., for service in the field for the period of sixty days unless sooner discharged.

By order of Brigadier General, John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,

Rolla, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Major O. P. NEWBERRY,

Commanding at Salem:

MAJOR: I received your note of yesterday. My information is that Shelby is to cross the Saint Francis River and attack Pilot Knob. He

