
was reported at Saint Francis River last night. Coleman was to come between Salem and Potosi to take Steelville and operate against the railroad, while Freeman was to attack you, and then go at the road. Freeman is supposed to have 500 men, nearly armed by Price, who hauled up the arms. Get all the information you can in regard to Colonel Cole, the amount of his force, and his position. I will try to relieve you so you many "go for him" or send somebody to do it for you. Do not risk your post by leaving it, to go on any out-of-the-way expedition until you are ordered. The States will be invaded by two or more powerful columns, and we will all have fighting enough without traveling far for it. In the meantime if you can strike any party near your post do so without waiting for orders. Keep a good lookout in front, and give me such advice as you receive in regard to the movements of the enemy. You will also keep a scout well toward Centreville. If Shelby's move on Pilot Knob should be a feint, he will come in on you that way, and join with the main column; make this the objective point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF SALEM, MO.,September 25, 1864.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you the following statement: Edmond Kearney was at Stephenson's Mill on the 24th instant, seventeen miles from Salem, Mo., on Current River. Found that a party of eighteen men had taken David Madlock on the night of the 23rd instant for a guide to said mill, where they released him and took as a prisoner a man named Kell, as a guide to the Lick Settlement; a man named Baker also, formerly rebel captain. They released Kell, who returned to the mill immediately. From some conversation overheard by Kell he thinks that they intend to go to Coppedge's Mill, where they should meet a large force or several small squads combined. Kell tells Kearney that he knows them to be strangers to this part of the country, and had the appearance of regular Confederate soldiers. Kearney knows Kell to be a Union man, and has two sons in the Forty-eight Regiment of Volunteers, and a soon and son-in-law in the Thirty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry over two years. Kearney lives six miles from here and is a discharged soldier of the Thirty-second Missouri Volunteer Infantry; one that will do to bet on.

Captain, I have the honor to be very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. NEWBERRY,

Major, Commanding Post.

P. S.- I am certain that these men belong to Colonel Cole's command, on Black River. Some report the name Cook and others Cole. I shall send a scout out to-night, but no toward Houston. I fear nothing but from the south and southeast. Please send the men back immediately, as they are choice.

O. P. N.

