HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Major J. B. KAISER,

Waynesville;

SIR: The commanding general directs that you keep a good lookout for the approach of an overpowering foe. You will defend your post against any force not double your own number and not provided with artillery. If assailed in greater force you will retire on this place, ambuscading and fighting the foe at all advantageous points. You will send to this point all the impediments to a rapid march, such as camp equipage, extra ordnance, or other surplus military stores. You will keep these headquarters of all that you learn of the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALLIA, September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN,

Lexington:

By the authority of the Governor you will immediately call two regiments of Enrolled Missouri Militia into service for temporary duty to meet the threatened invasion of Price and Shelby from Arkansas.

Orders will be sent by mail to-morrow.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel F. W. Hickox, Jefferson City.)

JEFFERSON CITY, September 25, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN:

The steamer Cora has returned and the troops destroyed four skiffs. Fifteen rebels made a demonstration on the boat twenty miles below Rocheport. They were driven back with a loss of 3 men and 2 horses.

Rebel force reported in Howard 600 strong.

F. W. HICKOX,

Colonel.

SEDALLIA, September 25, 1864.

Colonel F. W. HICKOX,

Jefferson City:

Send one company of the Forty-fifth from Jefferson City to the Gasconade bridge, and all the balance of that regiment to the Osage bridge to-night. Intrench along the east of the hill at General Price's house, extending to the valley east of the court-house; also around the capitol. Use all the citizens and all the tools in the city; close all places of business and set every man at work. Direct all commands south of Jefferson City to fall back on that place if the enemy advance.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

