
SPRINGFIELD, September 25, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have in the district about 300 wagons; nearly one-half of them are already called in and corralled. I ought to have more artillery ammunition, but will try and get along rather than run too much risk of losing. I have had General Holland order out the militia to-day. I must have authority to arm them. I think the infantry militia and dismounted cavalry and one field battery can hold this place or the forts about it without the aid of my mounted force. The train will be corralled under the cover of the forts mainly. One of my scouts from Cassville got in last night and reported that Price was in Strawberry last Tuesday, with 15,000 mounted men. He did not see the force, but got his information from some Price's soldiers.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, September 25, 1864.

General J. B. SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

Make your arrangements to leave at Springfield a sufficient command to insure its safety, then move to Rolla with all your disposable force of cavalry. If you find an enemy attack him vigorously and harass him so as to check his march, guarding yourself from capture or defeat. Make arrangements to communicate with me constantly by couriers if the telegraph fails. Keep your scouts toward the south at least twenty miles from your column. Report when you march and the strength of your command left at Springfield and with yourself. Time is everything; if you reach Rolla in four days you will probably be safe. Leave sufficient mounted men at Springfield to act as scouts and insure it against surprise.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 25, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield:

The major-general commanding authorizes you, under the exigencies of the case, to call for all the organized militia forces of your district that you can use to advantage, and to arm and subsist the same.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 259. Springfield, Mo., September 25, 1864.

* * *

III. Colonel J. J. Gravely, commanding post, will without delay cause the works at Fort Numbers 5 to be completed so as to be secure against artillery, and to afford rifle-pits for the infantry between the bastions. He will also cause breast-works and fortifications to be constructed as follows: One on the ridge east of this town, to command the Campbell

