
farm and the ridge running past Widow Shackelford's and the ravine running between that ridge and the general hospital; another on the most commanding position between the general hospital and Fort Numbers 5.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Major MELTON, Commanding Cassville;

Have Morley keep the scouts out some distance and go out as far with his trains to get forage as there is any safety in going.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Major MELTON, Commanding Cassville;

As you can have no artillery, I do not see that you can improve your condition much by fortifying. With the court-house for a cover, you can probably hold the town against any force of cavalry that can attack you. If your position is attacked by a large force with artillery you will abandon it. I do not now apprehend any difficulty at Cassville, unless it comes from Stand Watie.

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEOSHO, MO., September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding Southwest District, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to informing you that one of my secret agents has just returned from a trip taken down south. She reports having seen, and taken prisoner by, Major Piercey's command. They were moving down Cowskin River; point of destination she was not able to learn. She reports having seen about 100 rebels, and I believe they are aiming to make an attempt on some point. Captain Rusk is now stationed near Cartage, in Jasper County, Mo., and is reported to have about 100 men. I have sent another agent down south, and if she will bring news of more importance. Major Piercey is believed to be on his way to re-enforce Captain Rusk. I will use my utmost endeavors to keep posted with regard to any move they may make, and will report the same to you at the earliest possible time. We will, I think, be through with our hay hauling in the course of six or eight more days, and then I shall be able to again take the field. We hear nothing of Stand Watie at all; he may be down in the Choctaw Nation. If he is not there I cannot tell where, but have all confidence in my great that is gone down south bringing me news of his whereabouts.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major Eight Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

