
CHILLICOTHE, MO., September 25, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am stationed here with four companies, one company at Hamilton, one at Cameron, and four at Saint Joseph, ready to move at once, but need medical outfit, overcoats, and rubber blankets, which I have made requisition for. No troops at Saint Joseph except mine and about 130 unmounted recruits.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

GLASGOW, September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel STAUBER, Sturgeon:

Push on the mounting and send your forces into the brush. Let there be no rest night or day. Report to me daily. Let the boys loose upon the bushwhackers.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 25, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

There is very good reason to believe that Price is north of the Arkansas line in Southern Missouri. Shelby's force occupy Farmington, and the weight of evidence is that he will endeavor to make his way across the country to the Missouri River.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 25, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY:

Dispatches from General Halleck and General Rosecrans indicate their belief that Price is moving rapidly northward on this side of the Arkansas; probably already within Missouri. Are the militia ready? Can you furnish a garrison for this post so I can start my remaining volunteers below? Efforts are being made by sending strong forces into Arkansas to cut off Price's retreat. We must take care of our corner of the field.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 25, 1864.

Major-General SYKES, Lawrence, Kans.:

Your letter of the 22nd in regard to trains going from Fort Scott is received. I am directed to reply that the general has given no orders for his troops to move out of his department, and one must move without his orders. Troops belonging to another department can move when they see proper. The general don't wish to be responsible for drunken disasters like some that have lately occurred. He will write fully.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

24 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

