
also suggest that all teamsters be furnished with arms and ammunition before leaving Fort Leavenworth, as I have no arms here. Teams going on the Santa Fe road should be directed to come this route and report here instead of going to Council Grove.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PLUM CREEK, September 2, 1864.

Colonel CHIVINGTON:

If Latham is a good point Camp Collins might be dispensed with. If you think the 100-days' men will do send the Eleventh Ohio men this way. The worst difficulties are between Latham and Fort Kearny. I suppose Fremont's Orchard may also be subordinate, and we will probably consider Latham, Junction, and Valley Station the main points for supplies and for troops. Julesburg must be held with small force, as timber is very remote. I have telegraphed Laramie to know about flour. I am going to start expedition to-morrow southward to Republican and probably below. Troops are coming from east and Indians seem to grow scarce on the line. Am urging stage men to return.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday has been received and answered by telegraph. I suppose from its contents that the two companies to which it refers belong to Hatch's battalion and are designed to join and serve in the department, otherwise, I would not in any manner interfere with them. If Governor Miller thinks more troops necessary in Minnesota he can himself telegraph the facts to the Secretary of War. After the numerous written statements made by prominent citizens of this region to the War Department, setting forth that a large force is unnecessarily kept in this department, and the inspections that have been made, based on these statements, it will not be proper for me to apply for more troops nor interfere with any being raised in this department for service elsewhere. Many of the newspapers in the department, and especially those in your district, have constantly asserted that the fear of Indians was humbug, and these Indian expeditions a fraud upon the Government. For any consequences which result from the course they have pursued they must be responsible to the people of Minnesota. As soon as I can procure copies of the written statements referred to as having been made to the War Department I will forward them to you for publication, so that the people of the Northwest may know to whom they are indebted among their own citizens for the weak force on the frontier and the Indian raids to which they have been subjected in consequence.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

