
fraud or felony that is perpetrated should be punishable, but the Interior Department and civil authorities in Kansas should mainly attend to these matters.

We have not enough force, and constituted as our troops are of men generally resident merely, they are poorly qualified for such duties. This we can do, and I have always so ordered: If Indians claim cattle in the droves passing through the State we can stop the droves and give the Indian a fair chance to prove his properly. This I always have ordered since the Indian country was detached. While it was part of my command I requested the troops to attend to the matter in the Indian country when the frauds and proof are convenient. I wish you would study the subject on the ground by visiting the localities and see if anything further properly devolves on the military; and, if so, how it can be put in proper action. The Indian right to trade is earnestly asserted by the Interior Department, and wherever trade with the Indians goes on fraud seems inevitable. All we can do or would do if we had the Indian country in charge would be to discriminate so as to reduce frauds as much as possible. This is all anybody can do. The cattle are for market, and should in some way be disposed of. I recommended that they should be collected for the army and for the Indians, as I claimed that cattle belonging to rebel Indians reverted to the Government. But the Cherokees and other chiefs claim that the forfeit of property by rebels inures to the loyal remainder of tribes, and the Department at Washington seem s to yield to this fiction of law. Since my return I have been down with a stitch in my back, a sort of fragment assault from the same battery that constantly annoys you. I am, however, about well again. I am sorry to hear that Mrs. Snyder is evidently sinking away from her long illness. Mrs. Curtis says she is a very amiable, feeble, and delicate flower, and therefore likely soon to pass away. Your family, and delicate flower, and therefore likely soon to pass away. Your family, I believe, are well. You no doubt rejoice with me at Sheridan's success in the Shenandoah Valley, but probably there is only an indifferent force to contend with. Since your position is on the private, not the military, line of telegraph we must study economy in the use of it, yet I hope you will not fall to keep me advised and all of your officers constantly directed through that instantaneous means of communication. There is no need, however, of more items from below being twice transmitted over the Lawrence line; so I have directed such intelligence to be sent direct to me. If militia are turned out they must rendezvous near the border, or as far forward as possible, where provisions must be located. I object to Lawrence as a rendezvous, as it does not present the force near enough to the foe to seem to be immediately available. Olathe, Paola, and Fort Scott are better points. Humboldt is an important location, and the road from that point to Fort Gibson is shorter and safer than the road from Fort Scott. The Second Colorado, now at Kansas City, is ordered to report to me. They will compensable for the First Colorado going out and all the 100-days' Illinois [men] that leave soon in consideration of expiring time. Still, we are very distance of force, and in case of trouble must depend mainly upon the militia. Let me know what changes you make of forces, so I can co-operate in case of finding something to add. I have just received a dispatch from General Halleck, saying: "All your available force not required against Indians should be thrown south of Fort Scott route. Large re-enforcements have been sent to Arkansas to cut off the enemy's retreat." This you see, conforms to what we have been doing, and goes to add proof to the general statements of Price having come north of the Arkansas with a large force. Press everything forward toward the Fort Scott line, depend-

