
ing on militia to guard interior points. I have some days since directed Blunt to distribute forces economically on his line, and if any remain unavailable send to Council Grove, and to report their arrival in advance, so I can move them farther if in time.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 25, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES W. BLAIR,

Commanding Fort Scott:

COLONEL: Your communication on the 23rd instant is just received. My latest information from Price's army direct is up to the 22nd instant. He was then encamped on Strawberry River, Ark., about forty miles below the State line, with a force (infantry, cavalry, and artillery) variously estimated at from 10,000 to 15,000 men. His fighting force I should estimate at about 8,000. His army is now reported as moving along the Black River and White Water River. From all the information I can gather, and from the evidence afforded by captured letters, his destination seems to be Jefferson City, and thence into Kansas. I have withdrawn the troops from Carthage and Lamar, as there did not seem to be enough Union sentiment there to justify me in keeping a force there which might be needed elsewhere. These town or some point near them will be again occupied as soon as the present emergency has passed away.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel P. B. PLUMB,

Commanding Post, Olathe, Kans.:

COLONEL: By direction of the major-general commanding the district I have just referred to Captain Ames, Company A, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteers Cavalry, a communication from W. Beckwith, a citizen of Olathe, complaining of depredations committed by Company A, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, upon his property, and have instructed Captain Ames to ascertain the exact amount of damages sustained by Mr. Beckwith, collect the same from his company, and place the money in the hands of the commanding officer at Olathe to be paid to him. You will see that these instructions are complied with in every particular. The general directs me to call your particular attention to the complaints against this company, and to say that if further reports of depredations committed by them are made he will at once recommend Captain Ames for dismissal. Your attention is called to paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 27,* current series, from these headquarters, and the general must hold you responsible for the conduct of the troops under your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See September 6, p. 86.

---------------

