
relieved by squadrons of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry. If it would not interfere with any plan already formed, I have the honor to recommend that the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry be allowed to remain in the District of La Fourche until the Third Rhode Island Cavalry get a little settled in their saddles. The Twelfth Illinois, or a portion of it, was just making a tour or exploration on the banks of Grand River. I would rather for them to go than these raw horses. A squadron, I am told, of Third Rhode Island went over to-day. They are certainly unfit to make much of a march yet, though the La Fourche is the very place they can best train their men and horses in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, September 26, 1864.

(Received October 7th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

General Mower's command left Sulphur Rock, twelve miles south of Batesville, en route for Pilot Knob, in pursuit of Price and Shelby. Scout thinks General Mower had received a dispatch from A. J. Smith. I have sent an officer up the Mississippi with dispatches for A. J. Smith. I have received information, through Southern sources, which I think is reliable, that Price and Shelby together have not more than 10,000 troops and twelve pieces of artillery. Magruder is now at Monticello, threatening Pine Bluff. Escaped prisoners report that there are but few troops at Shreveport any Tyler; also that troops were ordered from Texas to join Maxey in a raid on Fort Smith. I have sent a cavalry command to communicate with Fort Smith. Have not heard from there for a month, although I have sent dispatches. There is an effort being made to have that district detached from this department. I am told it will cost three times as much to supply it by Leavenworth as from here. One-third their train would suffice. The railroad is now competent for the business. We are getting up a cavalry raid for Magruder's rear.

FREDK. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 26, 1864.

Captain C. H. GAUBERT,

Devall's Bluff:

Captain Lacey will leave here on the train at 2 p. m., with important dispatches. If there is no other boat to go down the river please detain the Emma Numbers 2 until Captain Lacey arrives. Please reply immediately.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 26, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

A Union woman living near Bayou Metoe, about thirty miles southwest, says it was the talk of people near Aberdeen yesterday that a

