
rebel force was moving from the Arkansas River in this direction. She does not know whether it was conjecture on their part or not.

Respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Steele.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN M. THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 22nd instant came duly to hand and contents noted. General Price has moved up the Black River from Batesville and is now supposed to be in Missouri, on the White Water, and advancing north. His design seems now to be to reach the Missouri River at Jefferson City and then to reach Kansas. All available troops here will be constantly in the field during the stay of Price in the State, and to do not now suppose that any troops would be sent to your assistance at present. General Steele has been largely re-enforced lately, and I do not think you have anything to fear from an attack, but may have difficulty with your trains. I will do all in my power at any time to assist you. I shall be absent for a time after to-day, but shall be glad to have you communicate with these headquarters at all times in regard to your situation and the general condition of affairs in Arkansas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

We are arming the organized citizens, volunteers, and militia to resist and punish Price's raid. We want Colonel Callender instructed to issue arms to them on my orders. The 5,000 are nearly all issued, and we shall want 5,000 more to-morrow. Please send authority without delay.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield:

It seems certain that a part, if not all, of Price's and Shelby's commands are at Fredericktown, in Southeast Missouri. Price's soldiers boast of having large supplies of arms, and that he is to be strongly re-enforced from Illinois. I feel confident he can't get any decent white man from that State who is a real citizen.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

