HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, September 26, 1864.

(Received 4.25 p. m.)

Brigadier-General FRY:

Send telegraph orders to Colonel Alexander to suspend the draft in Missouri until Price's raid is over. It won't be long, and the news will be a blow to him and the rebels, and will cost probably nothing.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Colonel CALLENDER:

The general wishes you to prepare 1,000 Enfield muskets, complete with accouterments, and 40,000 cartridges for Brigadier General J. R. McCormick, Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Pilot Knob. Invoice to E. Anson More, quartermaster State, who will receipt and send me the requisition. Wait orders for shipment.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, September 26, 1864.

Messrs. OWINGS, DUGGE, and GALE,

Washington, Mo.:

No draft will be ordered in Second District this week, and we have induced General Rosecrans and Colonel Alexander to request of General Fry a suspension of it until the raid of Price and Shelby comes to a disastrous end. Goebel will be up on to-morrow's train with General Rosecran's order to organize and arm loyal men for defense of bridges, &amp;c. Begin the work at once.

HENRY T. BLOW.

GERT GOEBEL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 176. Saint Louis, Mo., September 26, 1864.

MISSOURIANS:

I. After two years of barbarous and harassing war, in which every citizen directly or indirectly suffered loss of property and many of life, you are now invaded by Price and the recreant Missourians, who, in defiance of professed principles, have been the chief cause of your suffering and loss. They bring with them men from other States to plunder, murder, and destroy you for adhering to the Government of your interests and your choice. Prepare for them reception they deserve. Make this raid fatal to the enemy and you will insure peace; let them succeed and you almost ruin your State.

II. They boast of secret conspirators among you, who are ready to join them in ruining you. Let no Missouri be found base enough to do it. Let every citizen who has spirit and manhood to defend his own home offer his services. Citizens not in the Enrolled Militia, or organized under General Orders, Numbers 107, can join the militia organizations called out in their localities, or report to the nearest U. S. volunteer or militia commander for such duty as they can perform during the continuance of the raid. I look for a hearty response all men who

