
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 177. Saint Louis, Mo., September 26, 1864.

The general commanding has been informed that Confederate officers, soldiers, and guerrillas are in the habit of dressing in the U. S. uniform and hoisting the national colors to decisive our troops in action.

Commanders of troops in this department are informed that these practices are inconsistent with the usages of honorable warfare, and, like spying, forfeits the right of those who resort to them to be treated as honorable enemies.

All offenders will be dealt with accordingly.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 178. Saint Louis, Mo., September 26, 1864.

On the recommendation of his honor to the mayor, and many leading business men of the city, all public business will be suspended after 12 m. to-morrow to enable us to complete our organizations for local defense, and so permit an active force to pursue the enemy.

Such business as is necessary to supply the daily wants of the people-public administration, banking and printing offices, manufactories which cannot be stopped without great damage-are exempt from the operations of this order.

Exempts from the military service capable of defending their homes are requested to organize under direction of his honor the mayor, who will be provided with experienced officers to assist him in the organization.

Whatever is done should be done immediately and with united energies. The organizations should be completed in forty-eight hours, when business will resumed. Loyal exempts, let us hear from you!

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Major-General SMITH,

Jefferson Barracks:

Ewing telegraphs that 100, perhaps more, rebels had attacked Ironton at 3.30 to-day. Steele's inspector-general says Mower left to follow Price on Thursday week, twelve days ago. We shall have more from Ewing to-night. Nothing from McNeil of interest as yet. Mower may be driving them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MINERAL POINT, September 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Ewing is at Pilot Knob, and the telegraph cut within half an hour. He inform me that the rebels attacked him in force this evening. I will try and relieve him before daylight.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

