
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Troops in the Field:

In compliance with verbal instructions [of the] commanding general Department of the Missouri, I have the honor to report to you for duty. I have 800 cavalry, of the Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Cavalry, ready to move to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Missouri Veteran Cavalry.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Mineral Point:

All your dispatches have come duly. McCormick telegraphs for 1,000 stand of arms at Pilot Knob. Do you want them? Is there any force beyond Shelby's reported coming up? Latest news. Answer about it and sending the arms.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

PILOT KNOB, September 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I think the arms may be sent to McCormick, with 40,000 rounds of ammunition, to be held at De Soto until I order them, or I think the force would be useful in guarding the railroad and in filling up the garrison at the fort if necessary. Captain Powers, of the Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, has seventy-four horses in his company without horse equipments. I think it would be well to order them down with the arms for McCormick.

THOS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, September 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The rebels who were repulsed day before yesterday at Farmington returned yesterday, about 150 strong, and forced our pickets out and occupied the town a few hours. They came and left both times in the direction of Fredericktown. No other rebels as far north as they except a band of about forty, which went as far as Big River Mills, on road to Mineral Point, yesterday afternoon. On Saturday afternoon about 100 came this way to within nine miles of the Knob and returned toward Fredericktown. They were engaged in taking horses and clothing. These acts, in connection with Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller's dispatch to me of 5 p. m. last evening, satisfies me that Fredericktown is their point for concentration, if more troops are to follow and their force [sic] of no more are coming. Major Wilson has had a patrol for nine miles on the Fredericktown road; also on the Patterson and Cen-

