
ROLLA, MO., September 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Will you please see that the quartermaster's requisition for material to complete the block-house is attended to. I deem it of great importance that you should send two heavy guns to be used on this work, en barbette. I hope you will concur with me and forward at once. We shall press citizens and quartermaster's men on this work to-morrow. Hope to have it done in six days.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, September 26, 1864.

Major F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

I shall distribute the militia along the railroad to Harrison Station to-morrow. General Gray informs me that a regiment will report at Franklin and Cuba. I shall station them from Franklin to Harrison, with a strong guard at Moselle bridge. I shall not attempt to defend the trestle-work east of Franklin without special orders to that effect.

A telegraph operator should be stationed at Sullivan and another at Cuba.

J. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Dispatch received. How many teamster can you arm? Put your militia in block-house. Will endeavor to get you telegraph operators at Sullivan and Cuba. Requisition on quartermaster will be attended to in morning, also your requisition for guns. Sanborn will be with you probably by day after to-morrow night. So says the major-general commanding.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

ROLLA, MO., September 26, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.;

I send Warmoth along the road to-day to distribute, say 300 men. Cannot the militia of Franklin County furnish the guard for the road in that county? The most important bridges are in that county and I expect their militia is better than mine and I hope better officered. If this is done I can concentrate Warmoth's regiment on this end of the road and appoint a special inspector of railroad guards to assure me that they are constantly on the qui vive. I need as many hand-cars as there are stations, and an engine constantly at this place subject to my orders, and an order for free transportation of railroad guards and officers on that particular duty.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

