
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.
General JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding District, Rolla:

An engine will be sent you in the event of extra trains being run. The superintendent of the railroad says the engines must be withdrawn from the road. Only three hand-cars are on the road. If serviceable they will be forward to you.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 148. Rolla, Mo., September 26, 1864.

1. Colonel I. S. Warmoth, commanding Sixty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia, will proceeded with his regiment to guard the railroad from Rolla to Franklin, and will distribute his command by companies, platoons, or by sections of platoons, as in his judgment he may deem best for the protection of the road, bridges, and trestle-works, until he shall receive special orders on the subject. Colonel Warmoth may detach one company, or make details from several companies who will provide their own horses and forage, so as to form a command to be stationed at Steelville, to report to and act under the orders of Captain Ferguson, commanding at that place, in observing the approaches to the road and in scouting the country to discover any assailing foe. Colonel Warmoth will report, by telegraph or by mail, to these headquarters, and if cut off to department headquarters at Saint Louis, anything material that may happen to any part of his command, and will have free transportation on all railroad trains for himself and for his officers when traveling under orders. He will send to these headquarters his trimonthly and monthly returns, and forward proper requisitions to the district commissary for the subsistence of his men. Captain E. B. Grimes, assistant quartermaster, will furnish Colonel Warmonth with the required transportation for the distribution of his men.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, MO., September 26, 1864.

Major J. B. KAISER,

Commanding, Waynesville, Mo.:

Take no alarm from the report of those four officers. Unload the train and send it back. If you are attacked and compelled to fall back destroy the stores.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEDALIA, September 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that one band of fifty-two rebels passed near Belmont, Benton County, on Sunday, and another of 100 passed two miles west of Rolla last night, both moving south.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

