
SEDALIA, September 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Saint Louis:

Major Mullins, First Missouri State Militia, had skirmish with Bill Jackson and Tom Woodson's band, numbering about 123, on Thursday evening, about six miles north of Longwood. They killed a number of the enemy (they report 10), with several wounded; captured several horses, arms, provisions, and clothing. The rebels had pack animals loaded with clothing, and in some cases country-made hard bread. They reported that they had fifteen days' subsistence. No enemy reported in Cooper County.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, September 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Captain Bow followed the band that came up from the south to the Missouri River in La Fayette County. Part crossed the river and part moved east toward Saline City. Captain Box had a skirmish with the band and killed one man, the lieutenant of the band.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Sedalia, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that I am informed by Captain Peery, who has just arrived from Clinton, that forty-two men, dressed principally in Confederate clothing, passed south through Calhoun on the morning of the 24th instant, and in the evening of the same day they were some seven or eight miles distant in the vicinity of Grand River. In their march they captured and paroled some of the Leesville citizen guards. They seemed to be moving about, and not on any direct march.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of you dispatch of this date.* I have promptly issued orders to Colonel Crawford, at Sedalia, and to Colonel Halbert, of Hickory County, to call their regiments into service and to report for duty to you. It may be well for me to say that I think it extremely doubtful whether Colonel Halbert will receive my order by mail, and, if at all, whether in time to

---------------

* See September 25, p. 365.

---------------

