SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 260. Springfield, Mo., September 26, 1864.

* * *

V. The mounted troops at this post belonging to the following-named regiments will move at 4 a. m. to-morrow, in the order designated, with six days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man: Sixth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Major William Plumb commanding; Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Colonel J. J. Gravely commanding; Second Arkansas Cavalry, Colonel John E. Phelps commanding; Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan commanding; Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, Major William B. Mitchell commanding. All ambulances will be taken, but no other trains. Surgeons will move with their respective commands fully prepared for active field service.

VI. The mounted men of the Sixth and Seventh Provisional Regiments Enrolled Missouri Militia, now under command of Captain Salle, and other mounted troops arriving at this post, will report to the commanding officer of this post for scouting and escort duty during the absence of the other troops.

VII. Commanding officers of the above regiments will report at these headquarters by 4 p. m. the number of men of their respective commands who will be ready to move. Commanding officers of the above regiments will leave one commissioned officer in charge of their dismounted men to report for duty to Major Fyan, commanding post.

VIII. The commanding officer at Greenfield, Mo., will, upon receipt of this order, move with his entire command, excepting twelve men, to this post. He will arrive here, if possible, by 7 p. m.

IX. Colonel John E. Phelps, commanding Second Arkansas Cavalry, will at once mount the men of Captain Powell's company from the Government corral.

X. Lieutenant G. B. Shubert, regimental quartermaster Eight Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is assigned to duty as acting quartermaster of the troops in the field.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Major JOHN COSGROVE,

Commanding at Lebanon:

Draw in the troops at the Gasconade. Leave there one commissioned officer and twenty-five men to act as pickets. Instruct them to retire at once on the advance of a large force of the enemy. Send a scout of the militia toward Hartville to ascertain what force, and how large, drove our troops from that post this morning, and which way they have moved. They will report at Lebanon to-morrow evening at 2 o'clock.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

