
ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

SEVENTH SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Liberty, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I respectfully call your attention in a brief manner to the condition of the country and its necessities. We have been very quiet for a week, until a day or two ago there was a party of bushwhackers crossed the river from Jackson into Clay County under the notorious Boge Roberts, well-known in this county. There are other officers with him, one by the name of Holt and one by the name of Moore. There is more danger manifested at present than any time previous of there being serious trouble in this county in view of the fact I would respectfully ask that Company K, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, be sent to this place. While they are a alone they are not able to do anything in the way of scouting. I do not regard them as being wholly safe in their quarters with the force which is supposed to be in the county contending against them. The authorities are doing all in their power to drive these murderers from the county, but the force being small and the horses nearly exhausted makes it rather difficult. We have information that the whole force of bushwhackers from the south side of the river is now on this side.

Hoping that this request will meet with your approval, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KEMPER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LIBERTY, MO.,Liberty, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier-General Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, and hopes that the request of Captain Kemper may be granted.

D. C. McMICHAEL,

Captain, Commanding Post, Liberty, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 26, 1864.

Colonel DANIEL M. DRAPER,

Fayette, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am satisfied with the news from Fayette. Your boys conducted themselves with courage, coolness, and gallantry. You will congratulate them for me and tell them I do not believe they are the " bread-consuming, cowardly pack of jayhawkers" that some of their old friends represent them to be. You will give me the names of officers in command that I may in a general order congratulate them. That is the way to do it. The fighting qualities of the bushwhackers have been greatly overestimated. They do not fight; they simply murder. I trust our boys will give us a good week's work. Major-General Rosecrans is certain that we can kill the last guerrilla in North Missouri if we only go at it in a proper manner. Let the people feel your presence and power wherever you move. The entire country deserves scouring. I have no additional intelligence from the guerrillas. Wires are down both ways and the people of this region are very slow to report. I am organizing rebel telegraph

