
BRUNSWICK, MO., September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

GENERAL: I was brought acquainted with a matter to-day which I deem of sufficient importance to communicate to you. My informant was for a time in Price's army, but is now an undoubted loyal man, so taken and accepted by all good loyal men when met, but is still considered a rebel by those in sympathy with rebellion. He was positive in his assertions of the truth of his statements, but could not tell his authority and enjoined secrecy as to his own name upon me. It is to this effect, and you may take it for what it is worth: The present movement of bushwhackers in your neighborhood is composed of about 1,300 men, who are sent there for the purpose of attracting the attention of our troops, while larger bodies direct from Price's army seize both the railroads (Hannibal and Saint Joseph and North Missouri) and destroy them to prevent the concentration of troops to interrupt them in a grand recruiting and pillaging expedition in this country. One hundred and twenty-five men are reported to-day six miles north of Keytesville, and not less than 700 men have passed down a few miles north of this point within the last two weeks, who had crossed the Missouri River to this side in Carroll County, between Lexington and De Witt. This is very reliable, and if wholly true will augment the forces about you into quite a formidable organization. I recommend that you urge upon the powers that the be the order of an unscrupulous draft of sympathizers in this State immediately, taking every ablebodied rebel, wherever found, and sending them under guard to General Grant's and Sherman's armies, where they will help us and can do us no harm. It would be a great blessing to Missouri, would defeat the object of Price's contemplated raid to obtain recruits, and would prevent this State falling into the hands of the bushwhacking party in the next election. A draft of this kind could be enforce simultaneously throughout the State and would forego the necessity of loyal Missouri furnishing all the calls for men made upon it for the protection and restoration of a glorious Government for a lot of rebels who never say anything except in opposition to it. I start in the morning for Brookfield and hope soon to hear of your well-doing in the good cause.

I am, general, with high regard, your obedient servant,

D. J. HYNES.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 26, 1864.

General J. B. DOUGLAS,

Fayette, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your dispatches of yesterday and am highly gratified to learn of the gallant conduct of the troops at Fayette. No Paw Paw about that. I have ordered your wagons loaded at once with rations as desired. You will immediately on receipt of this send a detachment of fifty well-appointed men to meet the train. I will start them out slowly from this post, but do not think it safe for them to proceed the entire distance to Fayette without additional escort. You must exercise great caution in sending trains. I am sorry the Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia have been so unfortunate. I still think it would have been better for Colonel M[atthews] to have moved his command together as ordered. Rocheport must be held. It is a good point to operate from You will establish Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews at that point with his force forthwith, and let the rebels of

