
that region be made to understand that there is something besides Bill Anderson power in North Missouri. Direct the colonel to speedily enforce the assessment orders sent him. One hundred of the dismounted and weak one ought to hold Rocheport. With the balance of the command you must pursue and destroy the devils, if possible. Major King is out from this post with 200 well-appointed men; was chasing the villains from Fayette when last heard from. I have no later intelligence from the guerrillas than you have. The telegraph lines are down, both ways from us, and the citizens of this county are not apt to report the presence of guerrillas until the week after they have been seen. Your knowledge of the country together with that of Colonel Draper and Major Leonard ought to enable you to dig out the rascals. Impress upon the troops the imperative necessity of fighting. It is fight or die; no trifling now. I sent 2,500 rations to Rocheport yesterday morning by steamer Shreveport. I don't know what disposition can be made with them unless they were taken on to Jefferson City. I would prefer that we eat out the substance of the people at Rocheport. Keep me advised daily by rebel messenger. Put your hand severely upon the sympathizing population. They need a severe lesson and ought to be scourged. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes is at Brunswick investigating the Keytesville disaster. His escort will leave him at Brookfield to-day and bushwhack across the country until they join you. If the command is short of ammunition make requisition at once and send to me. Close every dramshop you find and order it kept closed until permission to open shall be obtained from my headquarters. Paw out and break up the offending parties. General Rosecrans telegraphs me that it is an easy thing to accomplish the entire extermination of the bushwhackers in North Missouri, and there is great astonishment at department headquarters that so little is accomplished. I would like to give him a good week's work.

I am, general, respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Glasgow, Mo., September 26, 1864.-8 a. m.

General DOUGLAS,

Fayette, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of information that Todd, Quantrill & Co. stayed all night at John Viley's on the road from Fayette to Huntsville, about four miles from Roanoke easterly, on Saturday night. Major King was close after them. You had better move in that direction unless you get other information meantime. There were about 400 of them, and this is undoubtedly the greater concentration of guerrillas in this region.

Respectfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTE, September 26, 1864.-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your several letters by Blackman and one by Mr. Crump received. I will move from here as soon as our commissary supplies

