
arrive. I had taken the precaution to send out sixty men this morning to meet provision train. I will order Colonel Matthews to Rocheport and Colonel Draper and Major Leonard to Renick, on the North Missouri Railroad, with instructions to turn to the right or left, as they may hear of Thrailkill's movement. I will take the First Iowa and move toward Columbia, probably leaving Columbia to my right. The force that Major King is following is doubtless striking for Paris, and will turn from there back to the Perche Hills. My reason for so thinking that Bill Anderson and Captain Tom Todd left Thrailkill after leaving Fayette, Anderson going to Boonsborough and Todd going to the Perche Hills. I will try and take care of him, as he will evidently undertake to concentrate a large force, thinking that the whole force will be led off by Thrailkill. I will exert myself to exterminate these devils and do it in the shortest way possible. I have to-day 150 men out pressing forage and horses off of the wealthy farmers of Howard. I am determined to let them know what war means, and make it to their interest to help put this rebellion down.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, September 26, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Thrailkill, Todd &amp; Co., were here yesterday at 12 o'clock. A demand for the surrender of the place was made in the name of Colonel Perkins. I told them to come and take it. They reported their number at 500; I suppose they had 250. They went in the direction of Renick; were four miles northwest of here when last heard from.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

BROOKFIELD, September 26, 1864.

General FISK:

All is quiet in Linn and vicinity yesterday and to-day. Friday and Saturday we were threatened at Brookfield by forty men who made our section a visit. We have a force of volunteers and soldiers after them toward Chariton. I will telegraph you daily of our condition.

E. J. CRANDALL.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

September 26, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch received.* Had already begun moving troops and supporting my southeast, but a full regiment of 100-days' men and part of the First Colorado going out this week, my main dependence must be on militia. If Price's forces come westward the militia are notified to be ready.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

* See September 24, p. 350.

---------------

