
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 26, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth:

The Second Colorado is yours. The move of Price was to be on Jefferson City; the head of his column, under Shelby, was at Pocahontas last Tuesday. Shelby is now in the vicinity of Fredericktown, if not attacking Ironton at 3 p. m. to-day. Price personally was seen with Shelby between Pocahontas and Current River, but his troops were not on that road. My present impression, is that he will come toward Jefferson, between Rolla and Lebanon, and pass out toward Kansas, unless prevented, and that Shelby is operating to draw troops to the southeast and there join him. There are public stores at Kansas City which must be taken to Leavenworth or Saint Joseph, if you think Ford must go. I would suggest that until Price's movements are developed it would not be wise for you to go too far south. You cannot do much good by it; on the contrary, when his strength and intentions in Missouri are developed you will be able not only to cover your State from ravage, but which what we can do will make him pay dearly. He has 300 wagons in his train, which he will hardly be able to keep.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LEAVENWORTH, September 26, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I will garrison Forth Leavenworth whenever you think it necessary. What number of militia will it require?

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 26, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

General Rosecrans says Price has entered Missouri and is making his way to the Missouri River. Efforts are being made to cut off his retreat. He will be driven westward. Keep sending out scouts and keep everything snug and close. Whatever news you get telegraph.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LAWRENCE, September 26, 1864.

Governor CARNEY:

The best information I get shows that a large force of rebels is marching on Fort Scott. To meet them the Government troops on the eastern border of the State must be withdrawn, which will leave that border exposed. I respectfully request that the militia of the eastern tier of counties be called at once into service, and for a period not less than sixty days. Time is everything just now, and wish to hear from you on this matter immediately. A like request will probably reach you from General Curtis in a few hours.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

