
DENVER, September 26, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

I have been informed by E. W. Wynkoop, commanding Fort Lyon, that he is on his way here with Cheyenne and Arapaho, chiefs and four white prisoners they gave up. Winter approaches. Third Regiment is full and they know they will be chastised for their outrages and now want peace. I hope that the major-general will direct that they make full restitution and then go on their reserve and stay there.

Would like to hear by telegraph.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Ojo Caliente, N. Mex., September 26, 1864.

Captain CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have had the honor to receive your note of the 24th instant. If Colonel Chaves is in Santa Fe, order him by letter to proceed at once to Fort Bascom and assume command of that post. The commander at Fort Bascom will be instructed by express to say to the Kiowas and Comanches who came to that post under a flag of truce that their people have attacked our trains, killed our people, and run off our stock; that we believe their hearts are bad, and that they talk with a forked tongue; that we put no confidence in what they say; that they must go away, as we regard them not as friends; that they need not come in with any more white flags until they are willing to give up all the stock they have stolen this year from our people, and also the men among them who have killed our people without provocation or cause; that we will not permit them to visit the Navajoes on the reservation, nor permit any treaty to be made with the Navajoes until the injuries done us have been atoned for to our satisfaction. This is what must at once be old them, and these emissaries must go away. I am fearful that they came in only to spy out the strength of the command, &amp;c., and have a strong force near to swoop off the stock, as was done at Fort Larned. Send a copy of Deus's letter to Colonel Carson by express, also of your letter to Deus and of this letter to yourself. It is probable he will at once change his purpose about finding the Kiowas and Comanches on Crooked Creek or Beaver, and will proceed east and find them on the Colorado east of Fort Bascom. When these flag-of-truce men have been ordered off as here directed, we shall have a right to attack the tribes wherever and whenever found.

Order in from Fort Canby to Fort Union without delay, by letter, Captain Pfeiffer's company, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers. The company will bring all its horse equipage and ordnance and ordnance stores.

Say to Colonel McFerran that all horses in the quartermaster's department at Franklin or Las Cruces I desire sent without delay to Fort Union. According to my recollection, when the new horses went below last November and were assigned to companies, those in the companies which were then not fit for service were turned into the quartermaster's department. These are the ones I refer to, if there are any such. Write to General Crocker that in case any Kiowas or Comanches attempt to come to Fort Summer under a white flag to refuse them admit-

