
DONALDSONVILLE, September 1, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet here this morning. Colonel Sypher reports the following from Plaquemine:

A flag of truce came to our lines yesterday covering dispatches from Captain Ratliff, commanding Confederate forces of the Atchafalaya, and borne by Lieutenant-Colonel Sparks, of the Confederate Governor Allen's personal staff. They inquired concerning the reported imprisonment of certain citizens of Louisiana, with the intent to retaliate upon them for the murder of three men of this command by Captain McAnnelly during his raid into town on the 8th of August.

Respectfully,

J. R. PARSONS,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;c.,Little Rock, Ark., September 1, 1864.

Major General E. R. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

(Care of commander of gun-boat fleet, mouth of White River.)

GENERAL: Citizens report that Shelby was moving toward Maguire's Ferry. West, with about 2,300, in pursuit. Colonel Graves, with about 600 infantry, convoyed by gun-boat Numbers 30, went up White River to cooperate with General West. I ordered Colonel Moore up from Saint Charles with his command with the intention of sending him up White River to cut off Shelby and capture his camp of conscripts at Jacksonport, but he did not obey the order. He has never reported to me.

Very respectfully,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 209. Little Rock, Ark., September 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. The Forty-seventh Iowa Infantry is hereby relieved from duty in this department and will proceed to Davenport, Iowa, the place of original muster and rendezvous, and report to the superintendent of volunteer recruiting service for the State, for the purpose of being mustered out at the expiration of their term of service, September 11, 1864. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

VII. The One hundred and forty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty in this department and will proceed to Mattoon, Ill., the place of original rendezvous, and report to the superintendent of volunteer recruiting service for the State, for the purpose of being mustered out at the expiration of their term of service, September 11, 1864. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

JOHN F. LACEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

