
tance for the reasons herein stated; that no treaty or talk shall be had between them and the Navajoes until further orders. The general should have scouts out well to the east to guard against a sudden dash and foray for stock by the Kiowas and Comanches. Apaches and Navajoes will be excellent for this purpose, and if they come in collision with the Kiowas and Comanches so much the better. We have got to make war, especially on the Kiowas, and need not mince matters with them. If war can be avoided with the Southern Comanches it will be better.

If Colonel Carson gets the Utes to go and moves down the country north of the Colorado, a force of Navajoes and Apaches could move down the Fort Smith road and co-operate with him. Write to General Crocker and get him to see if 250 of these Indians would go. A company would have to go with them from Fort Summer to guard the food and either McCleave or Bristol or Fritz in command. This letter will be entered upon the records.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Colonel Carson).

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Paul, September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul Minn.:

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose copy of a communication of Colonel B. F. Smith, commanding State troops in the vicinity of Blue Earth. You will perceive that he alleges gross negligence on behalf of the U. S. forces, and represents the employment of State troops as a necessity if we would prevent a stampede of the citizen. I respectfully suggest the propriety of an investigation in the premises, and beg that you will, as early as practicable, so strengthen the line of posts as to warrant me in relieving the State of her present expense. I deem it proper to apply for a small number of cavalry, so soon as the proper number are at your disposal, to temporarily take the place of those which Colonel Smith is now employing inside of your lines, and thus dissipate the apprehensions of the citizens in that vicinity until the commencement of winter shall make further Indian raids impracticable. I have no doubt that much of the apprehension and alarm of the inhabitants is baseless, but the murders which recently occurred in that vicinity keep the community in a state of excitement and terror, and for the good of the whole people, I must make special effort to lull and compose peculiar localities, which from time to time may partake of the excitement which has occasioned so much trouble to the authorities during the last two years.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MILLER.

I respectfully request the return to this place of a 6-pounder smoothbore brass gun, which I am informed is now at Fort Abercrombie. It was loaned with carriage and caisson by the State authorities to the U. S. forces in 1862.

