
[Inclosure.]

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Mankato, September 22, 1864.

Adjutant-General MALMROS:

Last week I concluded to pass over the frontier posts and see if I could not withdraw our outposts, and see also what was going on. At New Ulm I found but little interest was taken in anything save in rebuilding the town, which they are doing rapidly. The people seem to rely on the Government troops to protect them. I was surprised at the indifference they manifest. They don't care to know whether danger is near or far off. They think a squad of thirty men can be raised, but take little interest in the matter. At Madelia I found a number of cavalry from some of Colonel Pfaender's posts. They were not on duty. They were visiting I should think. From there I went south on the line to Blue Earth City. I found that to withdraw our small posts would cause a stampede of the settlers from Madelia to Chain Lakes, as the people are still fearful of another raid. I consulted with Colonel Pfeander at the first outbreak and agreed to establish these posts, and cannot, in good faith, withdraw them until I have a further conference with him on the subject. In fact, I don't know that we are yet free from danger; but I do not wish to keep men on duty a single day longer than prudence will dictate. Should they be withdrawn and our citizens murdered I would be blamed on all hands; but I shall act upon the information and upon my own judgement until further orders. Major Fisher agreed to go to Chain Lakes last week to muster the company ordered at that place, but he writes me to-day that he was unable to go, so I shall start to-morrow myself, and will complete the organization of all the squads and the company at this place and soon send you a copy of the muster-rolls, with the bonds, &amp;c. I saw Captain Newson, and from the conversation related to me that he had with General Newson, and from the conversation related to me that he had with General Sibley it would seem that we should be still vigilant and watch closely, as we may again be surprised by hostile savages; but I am not much given to alarm, and perhaps do not give heed enough to reports I hear. Should these Minute Men be mustered for pay (as in the Army); and if so, how often and at what time, and on what rolls, &c.? If they raise but thirty men at New Ulm a part of the revolvers there might be used here. The field piece of this place I have taken charge of to-day. I found no one had it in charge, and it has been neglected. I will see to it turn it over when required.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

B. F. SMITH.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., September 26, 1864.

His Excellency S. MILLER,

Governor of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

SIR: I beg leave to acknowledge the receipt of your official communication of this date covering a dispatch from Colonel B. F. Smith, Minnesota State Militia, to the adjutant-general of the State. I am not a little surprised at the statements of Colonel Smith relative to the absence of some of the enlisted men of the U. S. Volunteer cavalry from their proper posts, as Lieutenant-Colonel Pfeander, commanding Second Sub-District, has been repeatedly instructed to cause the utmost vigilance to be exercised at all the stations along the line, and only a

26 R R-VOL XIX, PT III

