
few days since I addressed him unofficially, urging him to keep a good commissioned officer moving from one to another with a view to keeping the several detachments in constant preparation for any emergency. The force will be increased along the border upon the return of the expeditionary column under Colonel Thomas, which I have reason to believe will be very soon. Up to that time the lack of numerical strength must be made up by increased actively on the part of officers and men. A copy of Colonel Smith's letter will be inclosed to Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender, with instructions to take the most stringent means to increase the efficiency of the detachments charged with defending the approaches to the frontier. I have no intelligence which leads me to apprehend any formidable demonstration on the part of the savages, but i deem it quite probable some parties of horse-thieves in small numbers may attempt depredations at points along the frontier before the setting in of winter, and I have inculcated strict attention everywhere in anticipation of such contingency. The 6-pounder gun at Fort Abercrombie belonging to the State will be brought down as soon as that can be done by returning teams.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

48 CANAL STREET, New Orleans, September 27, 1864.

Major DRAKE:

I have already made a report to you of two or three raids that have been made on my plantations in the parish of Ascension, and of the defense made there by my brother and the people on the place, when they killed one of the most notorious of the jayhawkers and captured another, who is now in the city a prisoner. I hear from Southwood, under yesterday's date, that these scoundrels were in there again on Sunday last, stealing everything they could lay hands on and frightening the negroes so that they will not go to their work. I am now giving employment to and feeding on three plantations adjoining each other in that parish between 400 and 500 negroes. I have a very valuable crop. There is a road on one of the place by which these guerrillas can come in, and I fear unless it can be protected I shall have to abandon the negroes and the place, including a crop that has cost me a year's hard labor with 400 hands and $90,000 in cash to raise. A very small party of soldiers, say twelve to twenty, would give perfect security to the whole parish by guarding that road, and I ask of you to do me the favor to let that protection be placed there which was promised by Major-General Banks at the beginning of the season.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

W. R. HODGES.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, September 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Herron, commanding District of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.

A force will be sent to this place if consistent with the present arrangements, and if in General Herron's opinion it can bed one with benefit to that part of the district.

By command of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

