
PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 27, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The scout sent toward Monticello returned to-day. The officer in command (Lieutenant Grove) reports the disposition of the rebel army about the same as before, expect that they have established an outpost of seventy-five men on this side of Branchville and a continuous line of pickets from there to Mount Elba. Lieutenant Grove dashed upon one of these posts, capturing 1 man and 7 horses, with equipments.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 219. East Point, Ga., September 27, 1864.

* * * *

IX. Major General N. J. T. Dana is temporarily assigned to the command of the Sixteenth Army Corps, including the combined Districts of Memphis and Vicksburg.

The following is the organization of the corps: First Division, Brigadier General John McArthur commanding, vice Major-General Mower ordered to report to Major-General Sherman; Second Division, Brigadier General C. R. Woods commanding, will constitute the Right Wing, under command of Major General A. J. Smith. Third Division, Brigadier General E. S. Dennis commanding; Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins commanding, will constitute the Left Wing, Major General G . M. Dodge commanding, including also, in his command, the District of Vicksburg.

Major-General Dana will assign all the troops not embraced in the Fifteenth and Seventh Corps, except the cavalry, to one of the several divisions of the corps; will organize the posts and garrisons, assign competent officers to the command of the same, and make such dispositions as will best promote the efficiency of the corps.

Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith will command of post of Vicksburg.

Major General C. C. Washburn will command the District of West Tennessee.

The intent of this order is to insure the complete organization of all the troops in this department on the Mississippi River, secure competent garrisons, and have at all times at the disposal of the major-general commanding the corps the largest practicable movable force with which to protect the navigation of the river or operate against the enemy toward the east.

The cavalry force designed to operate upon the river will be subject to the orders of the corps commander, but will make all returns as required by the chief of cavalry.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Washington, D. C.:

General Fry telegraphs reply to my request to suspend the draft in Missouri during the rail he has no authority to do so. Please say to

