
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

Colonel Callender:

Send the 24-pounder guns to Rolla. Get them to the depot of railroad as soon as possible. Telegraph at what hour it can be done.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 179. Saint Louis, Mo., September 27, 1864.

I. Traitors and spies caught in the act of passing the Federal lines to the guerrillas or to the rebel forces now invading the State will be shot on the spot. Those captured prior to the promulgation of this order will be sent immediately to the nearest headquarters, accompanied by papers and witnesses for trial.

The provost-marshal-general is directed to send, without delay, those captured within the past two or three days before a military commission for trial.

II. Captain R. S. Thoms is announced as aide-de-camp on the staff of the major-general commanding.

III. The following-named officers having reported for temporary duty are announced as volunteer aides-de-camp on the staff of the general commanding, viz: Colonel B. Gratz Brown; Lieutenant Colonel James F. How; Captain Frederick Robinson, Third U. S. Artillery; Lieutenant A. Stickney, Engineer Corps, U. S. Army.

Colonel Brown will be charged with the organization of the militia exempts.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

Colonel B. L. E. BONNEVILLE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Benton Barracks:

The general commanding directs that you place your command in condition to fight. Issue ammunition and arms, if necessary. Picket the roads at least a mile out, particularly south and west. This in anticipation of a long raid from the enemy, who have occupied Mineral Point, on the Iron Mountain Railroad.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

BENTON BARRACKS, September 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have 250 men armed; about 80 men unarmed. Colonel Morrison has 725 men armed. If we were united under one commander we could be of more service.

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

U. S. Army, Commanding Post.

