
to open communication by telegraph with New Madrid soon. There has been no large rebel force east of Little River. The rebels burned the principal part of Bloomfield, including the court-house.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

PILOT KNOB, MO., September 27, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have sent away all the property, except what is in the fort. The enemy are close upon us, and we are now playing upon them with our artillery. They are coming upon us from the south and the west. The general is in the fort and I am attending to the telegraph. I think we shall repulse them. We have no definite idea of their force, but know it is over 2,000.

BYRNE,

Operator.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

General McNEIL,

Rolla:

Letter of 25th received. I will try to send you a veteran regiment when I get one. Troops north of the river mostly in the bush at present. Telegraph communication interrupted. Tell the men of the Forty-fourth and Forty-eighth that I say they can fight just as well as veterans in a fort: that all they have to do is to fire low, under orders, take good aim, and shoot at the enemy's shins, and that if every man hits once they will whip almost any force that can be brought against them. For an assault, they have only to hold their fire till they can see the whites of the enemy's eyes, and then to fire by volley one-half of the line at a time. No troops west of the Mississippi will stand such a fire.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., September 27, 1864.

[General ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: I have received the several telegraphic orders of yesterday, and shall obey orders. Your order to use the militia in the block-house shall be complied with, but I will keep them on the road until I find that the enemy are approaching. Better sacrifice this force than lose the road. If we do not guard the road well it will be torn up by the very people living along its track. I think you overestimate Sanborn's abilities to get here. His quarter-master did not know late yesterday of his intention to march. He probably moved last night, and may be expected here on the morning of the 30th. His arrival will assure the holding of this post, and, I hope, will enable us, with a fine cavalry command, to assume the offensive. Will you please direct Captain Hoelcke to have me a traced copy of Fisher's map of this district. He sends me to field map, which will lose a man anywhere in the State. If you can spare a signal officer with the cipher, or an operator that can work and translate it, it would be of great advantage

