
ROLLA, MO., September 27, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

I forward the following for the information of the commanding general:

ROLLA, MO., September 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I can upon a few hours' notice place at your disposal about 230 teamsters and 110 clerks, mechanics, laborers, &amp;c.

E. B. GRIMES,

Assistant Quartermaster.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Rolla:

Have you arms for the clerks and quartermaster's men? If so, arm them at once. Cay you put the heavy guns in action on their arrival, or, if not, how soon?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., September 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have arms and ammunition for the quartermaster's men. I am organizing them, and will put them at work either at drill or on the works. I have put a chain guard around the town, and have required the citizens to report and enroll within twenty-four hours, under penalty of being treated as deserters. They can relieve the quartermaster's men on the forts, and the best of them can serve under arms. My orders include aliens, that they may defend the domicile they enjoy under the protection of the Government. The guns can be mounted on the block-house to-morrow night.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 35. Rolla, Mo., September 27, 1864.

I. The town of Rolla is hereby declared a military camp. Strict military discipline will be maintained, and martial law will be enforced until further orders.

II. No person will be allow to go without the picket-line during the day without a permit from the provost-marshal, or after retreat (sundown), without such permit is countersigned at the headquarters of the Post of Rolla.

III. At taps, 9.30 p. m., all citizens will retire to their houses, and will not depart therefrom without permission until reveille (daylight) next day.

