
IV. Every male citizen of the town of Rolla not in the military service or employment of the United States will report to the provost-marshal, and if capable of bearing arms or of doing manual labor will either be put work or enrolled for the defense of this post. Twenty-four hours' neglect to comply with this order will subject the delinquent to punishment as a deserter; and it is distinctly to be understood that these orders apply as well to aliens as the citizens of the United States. The duty of defending the domicile is inseparable form the privilege of enjoying it.

V. The commandant of the Post of Rolla is charged with the execution of this orders.

By order of Brigadier General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 150. Rolla, Mo., September 27, 1864.

* * * *

2. Colonel Albert Sigel, Fifth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, will relieve Lieutenant Colonel Joseph A. Eppstein, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, from the command of the Post of Rolla, Mo. Upon being relieved, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Eppstein will rejoin his regiment.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF SALEM, MO., Salem, Mo., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General McNEIL,

Commanding District:

GENERAL: I have the honor of acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant, and will briefly state what I know of Cole. His force is some 600, and he is camped in the Black River Hills above Reeves' Station, this being the Black in Missouri, north of Current River and near where General Benton built his bridge. My opinion is that he is moving his camp and is marching by companies and squads. He seems to be concentrating at or near Coppedge's Mill, southwest of this place. My reasons for this is that one company, numbering thirty, slept in some cabins belonging to Smith, the butcher, on the night of the 23d. On the same night eighteen men were at Stevens' Mill, and, as you see by the inclosed, thirty men were at or near Rogers' Mill on the 22nd. Small parties of men are constantly passing in that direction. They are evidently strangers; as they pass through the send after them, as my force for duty is only 139 men (total) and 2 officers. It is as much as I can possibly do to keep the devils form getting in my rear, thus cutting off my retreat toward Rolla. Before I retreat I shall try what virtue there is in Wesson's rifles. By the time I get my guard of eighteen men, patrol of six men, forage party of ten men, and escort of ten men, I have but few left for scouting parties. I was

