
in the front last night with four men until 9 o'clock; could find nothing; but this moment a man named Ferrell reports two horses stolen from the stable on farm one mile from two. Sunday evening two armed men came in plain sight, and waving their revolvers put spurs to their horses, pursued, but not overtaken. Their horses were the best. I can do as much good here with the men I have as I could with any force if I have to fall back; but no 500 men are going to burn up our winter quarters. My men soy this, and they will stick to it. I am up night and day, and if they come here you shall have a good report from the Fifth Missouri State Militia. I send this morning all my quartermaster's stores and unnecessary baggage, but shall keep my ammunition, and in case I cannot use it shall hide it. This is written in haste, and I have no time to copy it. May I ask you to keep it.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

O. P. NEWBERRY,

Major, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

SALEM, MO., September 27, 1864.

SIR: Mrs. Nannie M. Lowe, my wife, left her home September 22, 1864, on the Big Piney River to go to Numbers 1 Mill (known as Rogers' Mill) to get a letter I had sent to her. On her way she run into a rebel camp of about thirty men, under command of a lieutenant. They kept her a prisoner a little while and then let her go without harming her. Her farther, John Farley, brought me the information by letter on the evening of the 25th instant. He said they left their encampment on the 23rd instant, passed by Numbers 1 Mill, and divided in two squads. While on his way to see me he learned that a part of them had gone to Stevens' Mill. They seemed to be going toward Rolla, Mo.

WM. LOWE,

Sergeant Camp Guard.

SEDALIA, MO., September 27, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

A rebel lady in La Fayette County has received a letter from her husband, in Price's army, directing her to meet him at Washington, on the Pacific Railroad. This is not of much importance unless as an item confirming other information in your possession.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

General BROWN,

Sedalia, Mo.:

In case of necessity how long will it take you to transport your stores to Jefferson City and move your troops there?

W. C. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

