SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 206. In the Field, near Sedalia, Mo., September 27, 1864.

* * * *

4. The commanding officer of the Fortieth Regiment of Enrolled Missouri Militia will immediately order his command into active service for temporary duty. The regiment will rendezvous at Sedalia, Mo., and the commanding officer will at once make and forward requisitions for arms, ammunition, quartermaster's stores, &amp;c., necessary to the speedy and full equipment of his command. The post commander at Sedalia will order issues of subsistence to the various detachments on their arrival at that post.

5. The commanding officers of the First, Fourth, and Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia are hereby authorized to seize, wherever they can be had, a sufficient number of horses to remount the dismounted men of their respective commands. In all cases the seizure of horses, under this order, will be made by a commissioned officer, who will furnish the parties form whom horses are taken with a receipt for the same, in which will be given a full description of the horse or horses so taken, and will immediately forward a duplicate receipt to Captain T. S. Case, district quartermaster, at these headquarters. All horses seized in pursuance of this order will be at once transferred by the commanding officer of the regiment to Captain T. S. Case, district quartermaster, who will have them appraised, branded, and reissued to the several commands, and will furnish parties from whom horses are thus taken with proper vouchers for the same.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., Sedalia, Mo.:

Colonel JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Mo.:

I am all right. Everything is going right. Some bushwhackers in the country round. There were two companies of citizen guards organized here to-day. They are good companies. Please can assist me greatly in protecting the Government property that is here. They will send down their roll and provision return in the morning. If danger approaches I will inform you by telegraph. Lieutenant Houts got in to-day off of a scout. He wounded two rebels and captured several horses. I will send you a report of my scout soon, also of his.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. BOX,

Captain, 7th Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding at Warrensburg, Mo.

KNOBNOSTER, September 27, 1864.

General BROWN,

Sedalia:

Quite a force of rebels reported south and southeast of this place, two squads of 100 and upward, each only a few miles form this place. Have called the citizens in the assist in defending the town, if necessary. People generally scared.

W. B. BALLEW,

Captain, Commanding.

