
STURGEON, September 27, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Our express train north this p. m. was captured at Centralia by Captain Anderson, passengers robbed, 20 soldiers shot, depot and 20 cars burned. Passengers all safe without money or baggage at Sturgeon.

J. H. GAMBLE,

Master of Transportation.
HEADQUARTERS, Glasgow, September 27, 1874.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Fayette:

The guerrillas under Anderson and others captured the train from Saint Louis at Centralia Station to-day, killing 20 soldiers, robbing the passengers, and burning the train. You will communicate this information to the forces that left Fayette this morning in the quickest possible time, and be on the alert at your post, as the villains may move directly to Fayette. Compel some known rebel to bear messages to General Douglas and Major Leonard. Keep me posted of any information you may receive.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, September 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

We learn that Colonel Forbes and command are ordered away to Glasgow. We protest against their removal. You promised us to put Forbes in command of this post. We raised this regiment through

much difficulty. Have mounted a part of it, and now our men and horses are taken from us. Another regiment comes and are pressing our horses instead of going into the rebel counties. We have 500 men, heretofore Southern, specially pledged and invested with secret signs. Most all of Forbes' men are instructed, so that the organization protects them as long as they act faithfully. The other regiment knows nothing of these things. We are acting in bad faith. Confidence will be again broken and Macon County lost because of your order. We have raised troops before, and as soon as fit for service they were taken from us and troops sent who did not know our pledge. Rebels would become their advisers and our people suffer. In their name I protest and ask you to rescind the order.

A. L. GILSTRAP.

GLASGOW, September 27, 1864.

Colonel A. L. GILSTRAP,

Macon, Mo.:

I have no special choice as between Forbes and Kutzner for this locality. Forbes was selected on account of his thorough knowledge of this infernal region and to gratify his own choice in the premises. I will most cheerfully make the change, leave Forbes at Macon and order Kutzner to Glasgow. In that event Stauber will be sent to Paris and Kutzner's men be transferred to Sturgeon. Kutzner will be prohibited

