
to the residence of John Cooper, and will be repaired and maintained by John Cooper. The second section will extend from the residence of John Cooper to the first bridge, and will be repaired and maintained by Larkin K. Woods. The third section will extend from the first bridge to the second toll-gate, and will be repaired and maintained by William McCully. The fourth section will extend from the second toll-gate to Roanoke, and will be repaired and maintained by Asa Prewett. The second division will extend form Roanoke to Huntsville, and will be under the superintendence of Rev. Samuel C. Davis. It will be divided into three sections. The first section will extend from Roanoke to Silver Creek bridge, and will be repaired and maintained by John Bocock. The second section will extend from Silver Creek to Sweet Spring Creek, and will be maintained and repaired by James Goodman. The third section will extend from Sweet Spring Creek to Huntsville, and will be repaired and maintained by William Waterfield and Paul Christian. The third division will extend from Huntsville to Allen, and will be under the superintendence of Major Hunter. It will be divided into two sections. The first section will extend from Huntsville to the residence of Major Horner, and will be repaired and maintained by C. Wisdom. The second section will extend from the residence of Major Horner to Allen, and will be repaired and maintained by Thomas P. White.

The line from Glasgow to Boonville will constitute two divisions. The first division will extend from Glasgow to Boonsborough, and will be under the superintendence of Rev. William G. Caples, of Glasgow. It will be divided into three sections. The first section will extend from Glasgow to Richland Church, and will be repaired and maintained by Daniel Estell. The second section will extend from Richland Church to the residence of Reuben Curnutt, and will extend form the residence of Reuben Curnutt to Boonsborough, and will be repaired and maintained by Madison Kivett. The second division, from Glasgow to Boonville, will extend form Boonsborough to Boonville, and will be under the superintendence of Rev. William Burton. It will be divided into three sections. The first section will extend from Boonsborough to the forks of the road to Franklin, and will be repaired and maintained by Dr. Kingsbury.

The citizens hereby detailed as superintendents and section repairers will be relieved from other militia duty during the period of their service in the telegraph guard.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri:

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864.

General CURTIS,

Leavenworht, Kans.:

Thanks for the guard of Second Colorado left at Kansas City. No demonstration as yet as Rolla. It is uncertain whether all Price's

