
force is about Pilot Knob and up as far as Mineral Point. Steele's column has been ten days after them and may have driven Price into Southeast Missouri. It is commanded by General Mower and ought to have reached the Arkansas line. Can you furnish any arms to the Kansas City volunteers forming under Van Horn, and will relieved Ford's men? It is difficult for us to get any.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Missouri.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 27, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Dispatches just received from General Thayer, Fort Smith, and Colonel Adams, Fort Gibson, both dated 22nd, represent both these posts threatened by from 5,000 to 10,000 rebels and cut off the General Steele and all other commands. They are well off for present supplies, but look this way for ultimate relief. Colonel Ford will move cautiously forward, giving time for General Brown to supply his absence. I tried to get 100-days' men to hold over for a month, but failed.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1864-12 m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Leavenworth:

Price is probably at Pilot Knob this morning. The same urgency that induced you to ask the retention of other troops here in the Marmaduke raid, and in recommending which I joined with you, was the cause of the request submitted on yesterday. Of course you will understand that I can have no disposition to interfere with your appropriate discharge of duty, but only desired to advise you of circumstances that might modify your dispositions.

Respectfully,

B. GRATZ BROWN.

FORT LEAVENWORHT, September 27, 1864.

Honorable B. GRATZ BROWN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

My response to your dispatch was more responsive to former dispatches from others than from you. Of course I appreciate your solicitude, and will move Ford only as I consider it necessary for the general good, but Brown, as I am advised, has at Warrensburg ample force to relieve Ford and allow me to put in advance such a force as I may wield against the foe in our common front, about whom I claim to be well posted. The idea of Price being anywhere in Missouri is monstrous.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

