
FORT LEAVENWORHT, September 27, 1864. (Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General SYKES,

Lawrence:

Letter of 22nd from General Thayer desires that no train be sent through until further news from him. Another from Colonel Adams, commandant Fort Gibson, says we must guard trains against 5,000. There is a force of 1,500 at Cane Hill.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, September 27, 1864.

Major-General CUTIS:

It will give me much pleasure to get in the rear of Price. I think Kansas troops will make it too warm for him in this northern country.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.

FORT SCOTT, September 27, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

General Thayer requests that no train be sent until he send further word. Thinks he will have to evacuate Forts Fort Gibson and Smith unless he gets re-enforcements. My messenger killed by bushwhackers en route for Fort Gibson twenty-five mules from here. Train will not move till further orders.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Lawrence, September 27, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,Commanding Sub-District Numbers 1.:

COLONEL: In a letter of the 22nd instant General Thayer desires that no train be put en route until further news from him. I judge, therefore, that they are not suffering for want of subsistence. A communication from Colonel Adams, commanding at Fort Gibson, intimates that the train must be protected against a force of 5,000 men; also that 1,500 men are at Cane Hill. Make the needful preparations to have the train ready to start when ordered, and, above, all, gather together all the troops and officers belonging to the Department of Arkansas that may be in your sub-district; get them into shape, equipped, &amp;c., in order that they may be of some use. You must exact the utmost rigor in requiring said officers to be with their men; see to their wants, supply them, and not permit them to start on an important and dangerous duty in the condition in which they appear to have been two weeks ago.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

