
come to Fort Summer under a white flag, to refuse them admittance for the reasons stated in the latter to the commanding officer at Fort Bascom of this date, a copy of which is herewith inclosed; that no treaty or talk shall be had between them and the Navajoes until further orders. You should have scouts out well to the east to quard against a sudden dash and foray for stock by the Kiowas and Comanches. Apaches and Navajoes will be excellent for this purpose, and if they come in collision with the Kiowas and Comanches so much the better. We have got to make war, especially on the Kiowas, and need not mince matters with them. If war can be avoided with the Southern Comanches it will be better. The commanding general desires that you see if you can get 250 of the Apaches and Navajoes to go with Colonel Carson and some Utes on an expedition against the Kiowas and Comanches into the country north of the Colorado. In this case a company would have to go with them from Fort Summer to guard the food, and either Major McCleave or Captain Bristol or Captain Fritz in command. Please reply at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Copy to Colonel Carson.)

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, ASST. ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

SIR: Your communication of the 22nd instant has this moment been received. In the absence of the commanding general, the chief of staff directs that you at once take from these Indians their arms and horses. To this they cannot object if they are acting in good faith, and in this condition they will not be so liable to do you injury. Explain to them that this is done as a military necessity, and only until you can hear from the general, and that no disrespect is meant toward their flag of truce. You will exercise the greatest vigilance both by day and by night that they do not surprise you. Your animals must be kept within the post and under a strong guard until you certain all danger has passed. They will be fed hay and grain; if you have no grain an extra quantity of hay. Give the Indians no opportunity whatever to take advantage of you in that respect. Treat the Indians kindly as long as their behavior warrants such treatment. If it comes to a fight be sure and whip them. Again you are directed to be always on the alert against treachery. As soon as the commanding general can be communicated with you will receive further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure. Numbers 3.]

DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, ASST. ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you say to the Kiowas and Comanches who came to your post under a flag of truce that

