
their people have attacked our trains, killed our people, and run off our stock; that we believe their hearts are bad, and that they talk with a forked tongue; that we put no confidence in what they say; that they must go away; as we regard them not as friends; that they need not come in with any move white flags until they are willing to give up all the stock they have stolen this year from our people, and also the men among them who have killed our people without provocation or cause; that we will not permit them to visit the Navajoes on the reservation, nor permit any treaty to be made with the Navajoes until the injuries done us have been atoned for to our satisfaction. This is what at once must be told them, and these emissaries must go away. The general is fearful that these Indians came in only to spy out the strength of your command, &amp;c., and have a strong force near to swoop off the stock, as was done at Fort Larned. I inclose a copy of a letter to Colonel Chaves ordering him to proceed to and take command of Fort Bascom, N. Mex.
I am, six, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Copies to General Crocker, Colonel McFerran, and Colonel Chaves.)

[Sub-inclosure.]

DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, ASST. ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. FRANCISCO CHAVES,

First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you at once proceed to and take command of the post of Fort Bascom, N. Mex. Inclosed herewith you will find a copy of a letter of instructions* of this date, this day forwarded by express to the commanding officer at Fort Bascom, N. Mex.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS H. DE FORREST,

Captain, Second Colorado Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., September 27, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication just received form John McKusick, esq., a highly respectable and reliable citizen of Stillwater, relative to the remaining murderer of Messrs. Grover and Knight, as a part of the papers accompanying my report which was mailed to department headquarters yesterday. The suicide of the criminal would seem to render further proceedings unnecessary, unless it is decided to demand the surrender of the Indian who killed Allen some years since, to which allusion is made in Captain Olin's report. A private letter from Major Brown, special agent at Fort Wadsworth, dated the 16th instant, gives some very important information form the camp of the hostile Indians which will be embodied in his official report, not yet received. The substance I

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

