
will proceed briefly to state and will dispatch a copy of his official account when received. Wa-su-ki-ye, one of the sub-chiefs who surrendered at Abercrombie last spring, was dispatches some weeks since with three other friendly Sissetons to open communication with those of the other Sissetons who are anxious for peace, but are prevented from coming down by the hostile Indians. He found the camp of the latter at the Boule de Bois, on Mouse River, northwest from Devil's Lake, and he and his comrades soon repented their visit, for they were told frequently that they would never leave the camp alive. They finally escaped in the night, but dared not venture farther in search of the Sissetons, who were encamped within the British line. Wa-su-ki-ye states that the bands of Sleepy Eyes, Five Lodges, Wakpatons, and others are together in the camp he visited, constituting a strong force of warriors, and that they are extremely determined and bitter in their hostility to the whites. They declare they would attack the Sissetons if they attempted to join the Americans, and they further averred that they would prosecute the war against the latter to the last extremity. They were preparing to send down numerous parties to the Minnesota frontier, moccasins, &amp;c., being made, and one gang under Crossing River, the Indian who killed two white trappers on the Big Sioux River last spring, was to start immediately. After the difficulties with the Sissetons are settled a large party on horseback is to start down. Wa-su-ki-ye is satisfied that parties will be coming down until the first snow and probably afterward. He says the hostile Sioux are "haux kin yan" (superlative of vindictive) and will listen to nothing in connection with the Americans but war to the bitter end. He also visited a camp of Yanktonais Sioux, some of whom had been in the battle with General Sully. They reported very much the same story that was related by Campbell, as mentioned in my private letter of 19th instant, that a detachment had been sent in pursuit of the fleeing Tetons; that the latter made a stand and succeeded in ambuscading and killing all but twenty-eight of the white soldiers, the same number started by Campbell as having escaped. The Yanktonais further told Wa-su-ki-ye that they might have easily destroyed fourteen white men who were descending the Missouri in a batteau, but that they released them without injury, as they wished the war brought to an end. I have given you these reports as brought back to Fort Wadsworth by Wa-su-ki-ye, because I know him to be a reliable man and a firm friend to the Americans, and the convince you that my apprehensions of renewed raids on the frontier this fall were not without foundation. I shall do the best I can to frustrate and punish any such attempts, but I heartily wish that my cavalry force under Colonel Thomas was back on the frontier. The condition of affairs at Fort Ripley is such as to require my personal supervision, and I shall leave to-morrow for that post.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

STILLWATER, September 26, 1864.

General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

As Captain Olin was here a few days since gathering information in regard to the late murders committed by the Chippewa Indians, I have concluded to inform you to some very important news which has

