
officers to the probability of these raids being made. He trusts for the credit of the service, as well as just to the settlers, who trust for protection to the U. S. troops stationed for that particular purpose, that the latter will be found ready for and equal to any emergency that may happen. The portion of the cavalry company ordered to be retained from the escort duty to Fort Wadsworth should be placed in immediate condition for active service and promptly ordered to any point which may be menaced.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT ABERCROMBIE, DAK. TER., September 27, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: The detachment ordered from my command march from here at 10 a. m. to-morrow, properly armed, equipped, and provisioned for twenty-five days. Major Morrill informed me through Henry Burbank,

esq., that his train would be at Chippewa Station by the 2nd of next month. That will give the detachment four days in which to march seventy miles. Lieutenant G. A. Freudenreich is the officer in command of the detachment. He is an officer of experience in the field, having been in the service nearly two years in the southwest. I have every confidence in his discretion, ability, and courage. I fear the detachment is inadequate in point of number for the possible demands of the occasion. Captain Donaldson informs me, from what he could gather when at Pembina, that trouble is anticipated by persons best informed in that section of the country in anticipated by persons best informed in that section of the country at this payment. I hope it may not occur, and that all may pass off harmoniously.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

CITY POINT, VA., September 28, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Everything indicates that the enemy are going to make a last and spasmodic effort to regain what they have lost, and especially against Sherman. Troops should be got to Sherman as rapidly as his lines of communication will carry them. If there are no troops in the Western States, then send them from father east.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va., September 28, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: The inclosed letter* from General Howard has been written under a misapprehension of all the facts. How far General

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIX, Part II, page 392.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XLI, PT II

