
If your examinations should convince you that this is so, I would advise his removal and the appointment of General Reynolds, Dana, or A. J. Smith, in his place. Either will be approved by the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDER.] U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound City, Ill., September 28, 1864.

The Government has thought proper to assign me to another command. In taking leave of the officers and men who have served with me in scenes of trail and peril I desire to express the regret I feel at breaking up the most pleasant associations of my life, and also to assure them that I have always felt the most sincere gratification at the manner in which I have been supported throughout this extensive command. I may be attacked to other squadrons, but I feel that I shall never again derive such entire satisfaction as I have experienced while connected with the one I am about to relinquish.

No common events have occurred here to make me feel as I now do, for the associations are of no ordinary character that make me take the deepest interest in all those who are connected with the Mississippi Squadron, and I shall never regret when either officers or men who have served under me here shall join me in other scenes where we may be called to serve our country.

When I first assumed charge of this squadron the Mississippi was in possession of the rebels from Memphis to New Orleans, a distance of 800 miles, and over 1,000 miles of tributaries were closed against us, embracing a territory larger than some of tributaries were closed against us, embracing a territory large than some of the kingdoms of Europe. Our commerce is now successfully it not quietly transported on the broad Mississippi from one end to the other, and the same many almost be said with regard to its tributes.

These results are owing to the indomitable spirit evinced by the officers and men of the Mississippi Squadron.

Although the aid that has been given to the army by this squadron in capturing strongholds and its co-operation with the land forces generally has not been properly estimated and acknowledged, history will do justice to all concerned, and you can with pride point to many a fortified place which would now be in the hands of the rebels but for the exertions of the navy in these waters.

I need not say to all that I trust you will continue to keep up that discipline and vigilance which have made the Mississippi Squadron efficient, and that when a new commander takes my place he may admit there is nothing defensive in this large organization.

It has been my aim and desire to bring the discipline here to the highest state of perfection, and if I may have seemed overstrict to those unaccustomed to naval discipline, all will, I think, admit that I have endeavored to be just.

If I have caused those to be punished who have not done their duty or who have been false to their trusts, I have sought every occasion to promote those who have distinguished themselves in any way, and the door to promotion has been open to any sailor in the fleet who chose to exert himself and deserve advancement. The records of the fleet will

