
the character of the supplies and the character of the consignors and consignees he has satisfactory reasons to believe "that whatever might be the ostensible destination" the vessels or supplies "were intended for posts or places in the possession or under the control of the insurgents," and to notify the collector of the port, in order that he may use the authority given by the first section of the act of March 20, 1862, to refuse a clearance for the vessel or for the supplies objected to. There is no disposition to interfere with legitimate commerce, but any trade that is designed to give aid and comfort to the enemy will be restricted as far as possible.

The restrictions of which you complain are not peculiar to this port; they are enforced at Northern ports whenever they are considered necessary. They are of more frequent application at New Orleans because, from our proximity, we are enabled to trace the supplies more easily to their ultimate destination to and use by the rebel armies. The shipment of gold for foreign purpose, indicated by your correspondent, will not be interfered with if the consignor complies with the regulations prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 98, from the headquarters of the Department of the Gulf, and with the regulations of the Treasury Department, under the law of March 20, 1862. As the laws, regulations, and military orders governing the exportations are matters of public notoriety, the complaint made by your correspondent of a want of public and timely advice is scarcely well founded.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 262. New Orleans, September 28, 1864.

* * * *

2. In compliance with instructions from the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, the company of the Eleventh New York Cavalry, now serving in the Defenses of New Orleans, will, without delay, proceed to Baton Rouge, La., and report to the commanding officer of the regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

7. Company G, Tenth U. S. Colonel Heavy Artillery, is assigned to duty at the recruiting depot for U. S. colored troops, and will be subject to the orders of Captain Sheldon Sturgeon, superintendent to volunteer recruiting, Department of the Gulf.

* * * *

18. The consolidation of the Eighty-seventh and Ninety-fifth Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry having been completed, Captain F. H. Jordan, Ninety-first Illinois Volunteers, is relieved from duty as inspection officer of the consolidation and will, without delay, resume his former duties.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

