HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,Thibodeaux:

The general says the navy was to co-operate with the army in the first expedition by ascending Bayou Pigeon and not Belle River. This is a capital mistake.

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Numbers 63. Helena, Ark., September 28, 1864.

The undersigned having returned to this post before the expiration of his leave of absence, hereby assumes the command of the District of Eastern Arkansas. The staff officers heretofore announced will be continued in the same positions, except First Lieutenant William M. Cooper, aide-de-camp, who has resigned. Lieutenant F. E. Snow, Sixth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, is hereby announced as acting aide-de-camp, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, September 28, 1864. (Received 9.45 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

The general wishes to know if you have any news form the enemy. Rumors here that the enemy intend moving in two columns, one on Little Rock and the other on Pine Bluff.

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., September 28, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout sent down the river fifteen miles on the north side has just returned. Captain Jenkins, who went in command, reports that he found rebel pickets stationed at intervals for five or six miles. He learned that their main force numbers about 300 men, and that they crossed from this side the river last Sunday. Owing to the nature of the country, he considered it unsafe to advance farther. It is reported that Magruder is at Monticello with a large force; that infantry are moving up to that place from Camden; that the rebels have again established themselves on the river below here, and that a force, variously estimated from 300 to 1,500, has crossed to the north side to interfere with our forage trains.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

