HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Smith, Ark., September 28, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: Your dispatches of the 27th are received. Concentrate all your detachments-Hudson's Crossing, Cabin Creek, Mackey's Salt-Works, and any other point-at once. I shall send an order by the same messenger that takes this for the detachment at Mackey's Salt-Works to move at once for Fort Gibson. If there is anything there of value, implements used in making salt, &amp;c., remove them to Gibson if you can. In a previous dispatch sent to you before Colonel Adams left, I had directed you to concentrate everything at Gibson, and report to find detachments still out, though I learn that Colonel Adams ordered the detachment back to Mackey's Lick. Keep your scouts constantly as near the enemy as they can go, and post me immediately of any movement on the part of the enemy. I do not know the amount of your supplies, but it is advisable for you to cut down the rations of breadstuffs and coffee. Be careful about sending out detachments; they are liable to be captured.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE, Fort Gibson, C. N., September 28, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,Commanding Post of Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of my scouts from the Canadian River, who report the enemy in camp on the south side of the river, some forty miles from here. General Gano (rebel), with the captured train, had not arrived yet at Cooper's headquarters. They crossed the Arkansas River about fifty miles west of this. Gano's brigade is 2,500 strong, with a battery of guns (Rabb's captured battery); Cooper has about 4,000; in all, 6,500. Our lasted intelligence is by citizens, who report they were to advance as far as Honey Springs, twenty miles south of this. I fear their intentions are the molest our trains. No train should leave Fort Scott unless they had artillery. We have had no messengers from Fort Scott for some time. We have had no messengers from Fort Scott for some time. The last one up was one of your messengers. Nothing of interest from Fort Smith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Colonel, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, September 28, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Forrest has gone into West Tennessee, as I wrote you that I was satisfied he would do, and is smashing things generally. He left Tupelo with his command on the morning of the 17th. He made a speech, in which he said he would make General Sherman evacuate Georgia within sixty days. He was at Cherokee, near the Tennessee, on the 20th. The reports in the Northern papers of the 25th are that he had captured Athens. He has with him about 5,000 men. I have nothing

