HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., September 3, 1864.

[Major JAMES F. DWIGHT:]

MAJOR: Two women have just been sent in, who report that they are the wives of men formerly belonging to the Fourth Arkansas, but now discharged. Night before last, nine miles beyond the Saline, while moving this way with a wagon, they were overtaken by General Price's cavalry and detained in his camp all night. The rebels reported General Cabell had gone to Benton with his brigade, and that the infantry of their army was just behind, coming up. The rebels were accompanied by a wagon train, and the men declared they were going to have Little Rock before the end of the week. The women report the camp three-quarters of a mile long, on both sides of the road. Generals Price, Marmaduke, and one other genera were in the camp. The women were released yesterday morning. They crossed the Saline below Benton and walked into this city, leaving their wagon with the enemy. I sent a scout to Benton this morning under Captain Kehoe. He has not reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 34. Little Rock, Ark., September 3, 1864.

Commanding officers of brigades, regiments, batteries, and detachments will hold their entire command, including all men on daily and extra duty, in readiness for action at a moment's notice. When the alarm is given the entire command will be put under arms and held in readiness to march to the point threatened. Commanding officers of First Brigade will designate a regiment to occupy the rifle-pits as a skirmish line from Fort Steele east to the river. The remainder of the brigade will be held in reserve. Batteries will keep their horses harnessed during the after part of the night, and the reveille will be sounded in all the camps at 3 a. m. Commanding officer of the Third Brigade will order all records and surplus baggage of this command outside of the fortifications to be sent in for better protection. The officer of the day will instruct the pickets to report any information of an advance of the enemy to any regiment, brigade, department, and district headquarters on their way to these headquarters, where all information must be promptly reported.

By order of Brigadier General C. Bussey:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., September 3, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER NINTH KANSAS CAVALRY:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding directs that in case of attack of the enemy, and in default of other command, you move to the earthworks near your camp, with your available force dismounted, and hold said works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Major and Chief of Staff.

