
SEPTEMBER 28, 1864-9.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General PAINE,

Springfield, Ill.:

The following dispatch received from S. D. Eaton, superintendent Ohio and Mississippi road:

Operator at Sandoval says there are no troops moving except the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, bound for Springfield.

I informed you this morning that transportation had been waiting at Sandoval since last evening. Please advise me what had better be done.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, September 28, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

If I can be of any service in assisting to drive from Missouri the rebel invaders I am at your service.

L. F. ROSS,

Late Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 181. Saint Louis, MO., September 28, 1864.

I. From the evidence taken in the investigation of the Lindell Hotel riot, it appears that Sergt. Thomas H. Henderson, Company D, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, having received a pass for himself and thirteen men of the regiment to be absent from camp and visit the city on the evening the riot, to attend the Fletcher meeting, knowingly and willfully permitted his men to go to the McClellan meeting, saw some of them join in throwing stones, did not restrain or report them, but on his examination declined to give their names, and endeavored to screen the guilty. For having thus disgraced his uniform and injured his country's cause, Sergt. Thomas H. Henderson, Company D, Sixth Missouri Cavalry,is reduced to the ranks.

II. The general commanding relies upon the officers and soldiers of this command to respect and defend the rights of all citizens peaceably to assemble and discuss political or other matters in a lawful manner, and to discountenance lawlessness and violence.

It is enjoined on all officers and soldiers throughout this department carefully to abstain form disturbing political or other public assemblages of a lawful or peaceable character, and to use all proper exertions and authority to prevent disturbances. Should these assemblages exceed the just limits of liberty and law, the remedy is to report them to the proper authority.

Disobedience or neglect of these orders will be rigorously punished.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 182. Saint Louis, MO., September 28, 1864.

Major General F. P. Blair, now on sick leave in Saint Louis, having kindly tendered his services in the present emergency, the general commanding thankfully accepts them.

