
son City. The command here will move at daylight, as much by railroad as can be transported, the balance to much. It is raining in torrents and the roads will be very heavy. Troops are ordered from Jefferson City to the Osage and Gasconade bridges to-night.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 208. In the Field, near Sedalia, Mo., September 38, 1864.

Commanding officers of regiments, battalions, and detached companies now encamped in the vicinity of Sedalia, will move their entire commands, camp and garrison equipage, to the immediate vicinity of the Pacific Railroad depot at daylight to-morrow, 29th instant, and await further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, In the Field, near Sedalia, September 28, 1864.

Colonel CRAWFORD,

Commanding Fortieth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Mil., Sedalia, Mo.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will immediately order your command to concentrate at Sedalia. You will assume command of the post. Call out the citizens and erect temporary field-works for the defense of the place, using for this purpose all tools that can be had in the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, September 28, 1864.

Captain A. B. VANSICKLER,

Tipton:

You will proceed at once with thirty men to Versailles. Arrange with the commanding officer at that place to establish relays of messengers every ten miles between that point and Tipton. Having completed his arrangement you will move south of the Osage, in Camden County, and establish relays every ten miles to Versailles. Captain L Fever is ordered to Lien Creek with similar instructions, having everything on the alert for rapid transmission of all intelligence of the whereabouts and movements of the enemy.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, September 28, 1864.

Colonel F. W. HICKOX,

Jefferson City:

Order Captain L Fever to move at once with thirty men to Lien Creek and assume command, under your direction, of all military organ-

29 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

