
izations in Miller and Camden Counties. Captain L Fever will establish relays of messengers every ten miles between Lien Creek and Jefferson City, and will send scouts well out to the southeast, using for this purpose citizen guards, and will be thoroughly on the alert to transmit to these headquarters all information of the whereabouts of and movements of the enemy.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, In the Field, near Sedalia, September 28, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major L. H. BOUTELL,Commanding Forty-fifth Infantry Missouri Volunteers:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs that you will order Captain Newman, commanding La Mine bridge, to remain with his company at that place and defend the bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sedalia:

Captain L Fever informs me that he is under orders from headquarters Department of the Missouri, and he does not see how it is possible for him to go to Lien Creek. Shall I send Captain Cross?

FRANK W. HICKOX,

Colonel.

SEDALIA, September 28, 1864.

Colonel F. W. HICKOX,

Jefferson City:

Send one company of the Forty-fifth from Jefferson City to the Gasconade bridge, and all the balance of that regimental to the Osage bridge to-night. Intrench along the east of the hill at General Price's house, extending to the valley east of the court-house, also around the capital. Use all the citizens and all the tools in the city; close all places of business and set every man at work. Direct all commands south of Jefferson City to fall back on that place if the enemy advance.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST SUB. MIL. DIST.. CENTRAL MO., No. 17. Jefferson City, Mo., September 28, 1864.

I. First Lieutenant James H. Bryson, commanding Company I, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is ordered to proceed with thirty mounted men, by forced CKiDd, to Lien Creek, and on arriving there will assume command of that post and of all military organizations in the counties of Miller and Camden. If you cannot mount the number of men required from your own command you will apply to Captain.

