
Cross, Company M, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, for such number of men as will raise your command to the require strength.

II. On arriving at Linn Creek you will, without delay, establish relays of messengers every ten miles between that post and Jefferson City, and send scouts well out to the south and southeast, using citizen guards for that purpose. You will be thoroughly on the alert to transmit to Brigadier-General Brown, through these headquarters, all information of whereabouts and movements of the enemy.

By order of Colonel Frank W. Hickox, commanding:

G. B. MILLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, September 28, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM B. BALLEW,

Knobnoster:

Move at daylight to-morrow, 29th instant, with your entire command, camp and garrison equipage, via Sedalia to Jefferson City, and report for orders.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Captain R. M. Box, Warrensburg.)

KANSAS CITY, September 28, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sedalia:

As soon as my troops draw rations I will move to Pleasant Hill, leaving two companies here. Shall I take the books and papers of the Fourth Sub-District headquarters with me, and whom shall I turn them over to?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel.

ROLLA, MO., September 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Gasconade:

Make Waynesville to-day. I shall advise you of any special emergency.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CASSVILLE, September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BRUTSCHE:

SIR: If you wish me to hold the town order me to move the troops and quartermaster's property to town, as the rebels might run in at any time. Seventy passed within four miles of here this p. m. Captain Ray, of the Enrolled Missouri militia, run those from newtonia. He killed five. I have a scout of the First and Second with fresh horses close after them. Answer immediately, so that I can move to town to-morrow if I get orders.

J. A. MELTON,

Major, Commanding Post.

