
try, bushwhacking. A large force of guerrillas crossed from Jackson to Clay County last night and are this morning threatening Liberty. I have ordered re-enforcements to Clay County, and directed General Craig to place in service forthwith all the reliable militia. Guerrillas swarming in every brush patch. Quite a large force are threatening Glasgow. I have enrolled and organized the citizens at Glasgow, Huntsville, Macon, and Sturgeon. Two or three light-draught steamers, with a section of artillery on each, would render good service between Jefferson and Kansas City. Boats should be of the capacity of the Tacony or Yellowstone.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 28, 1864-4.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

There is a steam-boat belonging to Washington which may answer your purpose; press it into your service. Put an energetic fighting captain and disciplinarian with a company of men on board of it, directing him to patrol the river and control the carriers. I think I can furnish you a couple of howitzers if necessary. Have telegraphed this morning to have the boat stopped. It was to leave for Portland yesterday.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., September 28, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The Enrolled Missouri Militia organization in the Eighth Military District are weak in number, the greater portion having volunteered in the new regiments, and there is a large number paid out. I consider the Twenty-seventy, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, Fiftieth, Fifty-ninth, Sixty-sixth, Sixty-seventh, Sixty-ninth, and Seventy-fifth are the best regiments, and would suggest that the Governor order a battalion from each regiment into active duty forthwith, and require the commanding officer of each regiment to make immediate report of arms and ammunition.

C. B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, Mo., September 28, 1864-midnight.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

DEAR GENERAL: I had the honor to write you fully under yesterday's date,* since which time my telegrams have advised you of the disasters at Centralia, the capture of the railway train, the inhuman slaughter of the defenseless soldiers thereon, the robbery of the passengers, the burning of the moving train, and the indignities visited upon helpless women must be regarded as one of the chief barbarisms of the war. I am not yet fully advised of the extent of our loss by the defeat of Major Johnston, but fear it is greater than the meager reports already

---------------

*See Part I, p. 415.

---------------

