
GLASGOW, September 28, 1864.

Colonel A. F. DENNY,

Huntsville:

Be on the alert constantly. Push on the organizing of reliable troops. Hot times are upon us. Your post is marked for capture. Compel co-operation on the part of citizens.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETCH. NINTH CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Fayette, Mo., September 28, 1864-2 a. m.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your dispatches to General Douglass and commanding officer at this place are received. Dispatches to the former will be forwarded immediately. The man that informed Major Leonard on Friday last that this place would be attacked to-day came in and informed me that the design of the rebels was to go out on the railroad in order to draw out the troops there; then make a raid on Columbia, Fayette, and Glasgow. This is to be done in order to capture an outfit. After that they intend to cross the Missouri River at a point between Boonville and Rocheport, where I understand they do not have to swim horses only some twenty or twenty-five yards. There was also some men seen pulling a skiff out of the river at this point into the brush with a team. They except to concentrate, do their devilment, and leave as above stated. They expect to meet a force on the opposite side of the river. This I got from a man who has given much valuable and reliable information to officers. We will meet them with a warm reception. We will be out of rations for the men here on the 30th. Could you send us 1,300 rations? Our fore is quite light and we cannot send after them. If we are attacked it will be within two days, or three at the farthest. I will keep you well advised of any reliable information I may hear, and will be pleased to have you keep me posted in regard to movements against this post. Our hack from Renick did not come in to-night. Presume it would have come in had it not been stopped by rebels, as it would not wait long for train.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. GLAZE,

Captain, Commanding.

I have started messenger to General Douglass and Major Leonard. Will send one to Rocheport also.

H. S. G.

SAINT CHARLES, September 28, 1864-4.27 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Fisk telegraphs for aid from here. We are willing to give it. Can you send us 300 stand of arms and ammunition at once? I have telegraphed General Fisk as above.

A. KREKEL.

