HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI.

New Orleans, La., September 3, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have received your letter of the 15th ultimo by General Totten.* I have watched your operations in Missouri with a great deal of interest and satisfaction, and feel confident that if you preserve the department with the limited force under your control that we shall be able to prevent an invasion of the State by any organized army. I have already frustrated one intended expedition by sending unexpectedly a force of 5,000 men from the reserve on the river to the line of the Arkansas. Kirby Smith has received orders to cross the Mississippi, and for some time past has been engaged in collecting the boats for the crossing. The indications now are that he has abandoned this idea and is concentrating his troops for the purpose of attacking Steele, with the ultimate intention, no doubt, of invading Missouri. Six thousand men are now moving up the river to re-enforce Steele, and will be followed in a day or two by an equal number. I can re-enforce that line by from 15,000 to 20,000, and if we can hold that line, which I do not doubt, the invasion of Missouri can be prevented. The transfer of a large part of the force from here to the Army of the Potomac impairs greatly my power to act offensively, and I have been obliged to suspend operations against Mobile for the present in order to look to the security of Arkansas and Missouri. I hope that the new draft will soon place us in a more satisfactory condition.

E. R. S. CANBY,Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, September 3, 1864.

(Received 5th.)

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I am pretty well satisfied that there is a big raid on foot for Missouri, under Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby, all mounted. An escaped citizen from Batesville says that when he left, six days ago, they were preparing rations for ten days for 12,000 men; and that it was well understood that Missouri was their destination. Shelby's command was mostly there, and Price and Marmaduke daily expected. If Colonel Parsons sends me the boats I ordered General A. J. Smith, with two divisions, in all 10,000, will pass Cairo in five days from now, en route for Major General W. T. Sherman. I have sent 2,000 cavalry into Arkansas, to co-operate with Major-General Steele.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 3, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am unofficially informed that Boonville was captured last night by guerrillas. I have ordered the cavalry at Sedalia to march at once to the relief of that place and await orders there.

J. S. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* See Part II, p. 716.

---------------

