
SAINT LOUIS, September 28, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Colonel A. KREKEL,

Saint Charles, Mo.:

Does General Fisk want you for home defense? If not, how are you to be called out, as Enrolled Missouri Militia or under Order Numbers 107?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT CHARLES, September 28, 1864-6.20 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Fisk does not say how he calls us. I suggest that we go under the company organization, under Order 107. The officers have their commissions and propose going along the road so as to make the soldiers available for other service.

A. KREKEL.

SAINT CHARLES, September 28, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Are post commanders along the line of this road authorized to stop trains and hold engines for the purpose of running back and forth at pleasure on the main track? It has been done to-day, and compelled by the bayonets to run them contrary to my order. It is delaying Government freights, of which we have a large amount on the road. Besides, if allowed to go on, it must cause collision very shortly. Please reply.

Respectfully,

D. H. FITCH,

Train-Master North Missouri Railroad.

SAINT LOUIS, September 28, 1864-9.45 p. m.

D. H. FITCH,

Train-Master North Missouri Railroad, Saint Charles:

Order sent to General Fisk.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 28, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans. L

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 25th instant. From all the information I can gather I do not just now apprehend an attack on Fort Scott. The raiders on the train have recrossed the Arkansas with such booty as they could carry off, capturing some soldiers of Flat Rock Creek and killing what negro troops they found. News from Price is not authentic and his whereabouts not known. If his march north is expected to have any influence on the war, I do not think it will be gained by a visit to Kansas. Hopes in that particular must all rest on Missouri through her Southern sympathizers. If baffled by Rosecrans, Price might try Fort Scott on his return, unless hard pressed, and that is the only fear I have,

