
unless Gano comes back with a large body of troops than that with which he captured the train. I have all of Jennison's command at Fort Scott, and if his orders are carried out things will assume a much better shape. Stragglers have been gathered and officered, and the employes of the various departments organized and armed; but from all I can learn Fort Scott is not susceptible of much defense. The hills south, southeast, and southwest approach within easy range of the town, and they can only be occupied and held by a force which it is not possible for us to obtain. As yet I have no returns of the militia. Those in Bourbon County are to assemble in Fort Scott, those in Linn County at Mound City. I do not feel at liberty to take all the troops from the Missouri border; therefore Moonlight's command is kept on its current duties, but ready to move south when it becomes imperative. If the border is not protected, bushwhackers can cross and depredate when they please. So soon as the militia are in service they will relieve, in part, the Government troops in Miami and Johnson Counties, and the latter may then be concentrated at Paola and Mound City. Paola is now garrisoned by two companies each of cavalry and infantry and McLain's four guns. In order to collect Jenninson's command at Fort Scott only a few mounted men are now guarding the east line of Linn County. I do not think it wise to send militia on the border. They cannot patrol the line. Horsemen can pass them at will and at points of which they will have no knowledge. They had better be retained for the protection of Olathe, Paola, Mound City, and Fort Scott. As I before wrote you, I shall not ask General Deitzler to collect the militia of Douglas and Shawnee Counties until the necessity is unavoidable. Lawrence is an important town,and ought to have some protection. But a single company of the Seventeenth Kansas is here. I designed placing enough militia in it to defend it from raids, and intended they should come from the county itself. To feed them stores must be sent at the proper time from Fort Leavenworth. I asked that wagons be forwarded to Captain Simpson, for the reason that militia captains hire citizens to do their hauling and the Government has to pay for it. Colonel Jennison informs me that General Thayer thinks he will have to evacuate Forts Gibson and Smith unless re-enforced. If General Steele has been strengthened, I take it the necessity will not exist. In regard to the train for those forts, no troops for its escort will pass beyond the limits of my command; nor will it set out until General Thayer requests it. Neither will any expeditions be set on foot from this district without proper sanction. In your letter I am requested to press everything toward Fort Scott. Am I to understand you wish that done now or when the emergency arises? I can place every soldier on the border inside the limits of Fort Scott within sixty hours, and I hope to get any important information long enough ahead to accomplish it. It will not do to take away the patrols unless the occasion overbalances the mischief that can be effected by guerrillas. If so, the whole eastern tier of counties will be open to their ravages, and the calamity of Lawrence may be re-enacted.

In regard, general, to the cattle business, I see but one way to control it, and that is to seize all cattle coming from the Indian Territory into the State, and hold them for the benefit of the Government. Two-thirds of them are stolen, and the Government has a far better right to them than thieves. I have simply forbidden the issue of any permits to trade by army officers, and directed the seizure of any stock so obtained. Anthony, Osborn, Durfee, Eldridge &amp; Co., are all in the business, and it is my firm belief they do not purchase one-half of the

