
cattle they procure. It is beyond question that persons in the military service have been offered bribes to assist in this business. There is but one step beyond offering a bribe and that is receiving it. In either case the status of the parties is easily defined. I have instructed the sub-district commanders to send direct to your office any important information of the enemy they may obtain. It shall be my endeavor to economize the public expenditures in every possible way. The necessity therefor is very great in Kansas. Lately I directed the quartermaster to offer proposals for forage, wood, &amp;c. Bids were presented at prices averaging from 75 to 100 per cent. above the market. Certain persons combined to buy up the corn and hay with the design of exacting their own terms, thus trading on the necessities of the Government. I learn from my quartermaster that McDonald & Co., of Fort Scott, have bought up all corn in Southern Kansas, and it is with the utmost difficulty he can procure enough forage for his daily issues. Here it is street talk that the purchases for Lawrence are to be used in the political campaign-that is, supposing those that offered bids are to get them-and I have no doubt the same rule is to hold elsewhere. I really think that matters have not to such a pass that the military should seize the forage of such persons and allow them a fair profit. I will not approve any contracts at the rates lately offered. Corn can be bought at $1.25 and hay at from $10 to $14, yet these people bid $2 for the former and the latter from $18 to $23. If the department quartermaster has funds, I wish that the proper share be furnished Captain Simpson. These can purchase what vouchers cannot, and I also trust that my disapproval of bids may not be rendered inoperative by higher authority.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT KEARNY, September 28, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have the honor to report that I left Fort Riley on the 19th instant, and arrived here at 1 p. m. to-day. On the march I scouted the tributaries of the Republican and Little Blue Rivers thoroughly. Crossed last river at mouth of South Fork. No Indian signs until we struck Buffalo Ridge, south of Pawnee Ranch. Trails all old. None fresher than three weeks. Left Nebraska militia at Pawnee Ranch,where they are fortifying.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel,&c.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 28, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

I shall require the bad Indians delivered up; restoration of equal numbers of stock; also hostages to secure. I want to peace till the Indians suffer more. Left Hand is said to be a good chief of the Arapahoes, but Big Mouth is a rascal. I fear agent of Interior Department will be ready to make presents too soon. It is better to chastise before giving anything but a little tobacco to talk over. No peace must be made without my directions.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

