
FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., September 28, 1864.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mew Mexico:

CAPTAIN: Upon arriving at Fort Sumner I proceeded at once to inspect the Indians now in charge of the military authorities, and who are located on the Indian reservation at Bosque Redondo. The valley upon which the Indian farm is located I find to be the richest that I have seen in the Territory, and the land now in cultivation, say 3,000 acres, would, but for the prevalence of destructive insects, have this season produced amply sufficient for the full maintenance of the 8,000 Indians now here. Under the direction of the military authorities at this post the Indians are now engaged in enlarging and extending the acequias, building new ones, and doing all the labor preliminary to the enlargement of the farm. Under the direction of Captain Bristol, the commander of the post, the enlargement of the farm by the plowing of new lands has already commenced, and without any hurry in the labor there will be ready by the time for planting at least 9,000 acres, which, according to estimates, as closely calculated as possible, will not only fully supply all the wants of the Indians, but will, in addition, furnish full supplies for this post. The Indians work cheerfully, are docile, polite, and well disposed, and by all odds superior to anything of the Indians kind that have ever come under my observation. Although there is so great a number of them congregated around the post, there is neither noise nor confusion, but the best order prevails both in and around the post. I have visited all their villages and been inside of many of their houses, and I am quite sure that I have never witnessed in any community such universal content and general hopefulness. They have large herds of sheep and goats and many ponies, and all of them seem to have some useful occupation, working on the farm, attending their herds, procuring wood, grinding corn, &amp;c. What is needed most at present is a practical farmer to superintend the enlargement and proper cultivation of the farm. The officers here, though faithful diligent, and attentive, have no one among their number who claims to be a practical farmer, and all of them feel the want of one, and all unite in the opinion that Captain Calloway, lately superintending here, is well qualified for that position. I am satisfied that with Captain Calloway to take charge of the enlargement and cultivation of the farm the Indians and their animals could be made available to do nearly all the labor, and that the Government would only be called upon to furnish the necessary agricultural implements and seed. I therefore respectfully recommend that Captain Calloway be employed to take charge of and superintend the farm. The progress made in building the post I regard, under all circumstances, taking into consideration the scarcity and difficulty in obtaining material and labor, as simply wonderful. The company quarters and most of the quarters for the officers are completed. The public store-rooms, with the necessary offices and hospital for the soldiers, are completed. The hospital for the Indians is in an advanced state, and will soon be completed, and the work in every direction is advancing in a satisfactory and steady manner. In this connection, I desire to express in the strongest terms my entire and unqualified approval of the official conduct of Captain Bristol, commanding the post; Captain Morton, assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of the post, and of the officers associated with them, and to say that the excellent state of affairs now existing here is attributable in a very great measure to the able, zealous, and efficient manner in which they have discharged their respective duties.

