
from Fort Ridgely, except a very small amount taken from Fort Rice to cover absolute nakedness. A report in detail will be made to you of the operations of the command at the earliest practicable moment.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel, Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MINNESOTA BRIGADE,Camp Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., September 28, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The inclosed letter from Captain J. L. Fisk, assistant quartermaster, and the order from Brigadier-General Sully, I send for your information. You have, perhaps, received news of Fisk's disaster before this. The letter contains about the only news we have in relation to the matter. The troops sent to his relief were Colonel Dill's four companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin, and the 30men from my command and 300 from General Sully's command, making about 1,000 men, which force is ample, as the Indians are very much scattered. The relief would reach him on the 19th instant. What his fate is, God only knows. The Lieutenant Smith spoken of is a lieutenant that was left from the expedition sick at Fort Rice. He was sent by Colonel Dill with fifty convalescent soldiers belonging to our command as an escort. Seven of these soldiers were killed at the first onset, and Lieutenant Smith came out with fifteen more in the night and brought the letter from Captain Fisk to Colonel Dill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. THOMAS,

Colonel Eighth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

IN CAMP ON THE HEIGHTS NEAR THICK TIMBER RIVER, DAK. TER., ELEVEN MILES EAST OF MONTANA LINE,

September 4, 1864.

Colonel DILL,

Commanding, Fort Rice:

I have to report to you, through the bearer, Lieutenant Smith, the sad mishap of the loss of 8 men killed and 4 wounded, from an unexpected attack upon our rear, day before yesterday, two wagons becoming detached by an upset. The wagons were taken, two drivers, and seven out of the eight rear guard left with the teams were killed. We halted at first report and dispatched men o recover the bodies, &amp;c. All of the boys, without exception, acted bravely and like men. Lieutenant Smith proved himself a host. We recovered the bodies and gave them decent burial. On the following morning we took up our line of march; had to soon double into four columns and defend ourselves against about 150 Indians, a regular was party, who attacked us on all sides with considerable pretensions. Our watchword was "revenge," and without losing a man, and making a march skirmish for every rod of the ground, about nine miles, we killed and severely wounded at least 20 of the red fiends. To-day we find our march impeded by a force too formidable to keep off and make any progress. After a drive of two miles, skirmishing and charging for heights to

---------------

*See Part I, p. 168.

---------------

