
get a secure position, we were driven into camp and have had a lively work all day. We are now harassed by about 250 warriors, out of whom we have killed some 6 or 8 to-day, taking several scalps, &amp;c. One of our boys was wounded in the shoulder to-day. To turn back would be certain destruction to my little party. By a bold front and great vigilance we shall, I think, be able to hold our until relieved. I send to you for help. You will, I know, do all in your power to quickly relieve us. Our salvation with such numbers as you may send at once, will be in going forward. We are about half way across, but beyond the worst ground, except the next five miles. My men, the emigrants, and the cavalry seem to vie with each other as to which will [do] most and best duty. Send me Lieutenant Smith with the force you forward,for I like him as a brave, faithful, and efficient officer in the work we have on hand. We have been regularly attacked by charges from the Indians a number of times yesterday and to-day, both in camp and on the march, but have repelled every one with disaster to the enemy. The lieutenant will tell your particulars and tell you how important that we should have help at once.

In haste, I have the honor to be, yours, very truly,

JAMES L. FISK,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Commanding Expedition.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN, INDIAN EXPEDITION, Numbers 80. Camp Numbers 67, September 9, 1864.

Captain Fisk, assistant quartermaster, in charge of an Idaho emigrant train of about 100 wagons, having sent in a request for assistance, he being completely surrounded and liable to be destroyed by a large body of hostile Indians, Colonel Dill, Thirtieth Wisconsin, with all the troops of his garrison, will proceed without delay to his assistance. In addition to his force, 200 of the Eighth Minnesota Infantry and 100 of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry, and 100 Second Minnesota will accompany the expedition and report immediately to Colonel Dill, the officers to command these troops to be detailed by the commanders of the regiments or battalions. Captain Pope will order two guns and one caisson to accompany the expedition. Eighteen days' field rations will be carried in wagons. Sixty rounds of ammunition per man will be carried. The troops will march in light order; no supplies, baggage of any kind to be carried. Colonel Dill, Thirtieth Wisconsin, will receive written instructions from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Sully:

JOHN H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH,September 28, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 77, from headquarters Minnesota Brigade, I have this day assumed command of this post, relieving Major Clowney, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, who

