
leaves in the morning with Colonel Thomas and his command, all in good health and spirits. I find but very little down as yet in the way of erecting buildings, but I understand that considerable timber is prepared for use, and I hope and expect by the time winter fairly sets in to have comfortable quarters for both officers and men and the quartermaster and commissary buildings, also the hospital, up and in use. It is unnecessary for me to urge the necessity of sending up a good number is now here and in a much reduced condition from the campaign they just come off of, and there is no grain here. As I have but just arrived here I cannot give you any general information of affairs in this section, but will keep you informed from time to time.

In haste, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 28, 1864.

(Received 3.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In response to urgent calls of General Rosecrans, the Sixty-fourth Illinois, now on veteran furlough, the One hundred and thirty-fourth, One hundred and thirty-sixth, One hundred and thirty-ninth, and One hundred and forty-second Illinois Regiments, now awaiting musterout, have been sent by General Paine to Saint Louis.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

No effort has been omitted to push troops forward to Nashville, subject to General Sherman's orders. Every new regiment and recruit in the Western States were assigned to his army. I have just learned that General Rosecrans has ordered to Saint Louis a veteran Illinois regiment belonging to General Sherman and also a Wisconsin [Minnesota] regiment en route to Nashville. He has no authority for this, but, on the contrary, I refused to permit him to stop troops belonging to General Sherman. I have telegraphed him to forward them on immediately, but I presume he will, as usual, disobey orders. Four regiments of 100-days' men, ordered north for muster-out, I have permitted him to retain. General Canby telegraphs that the forces now under Steele and Rosecrans are greatly superior to those of the enemy. He says that he has approved Steele's plan of operations.

* * *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., September 29, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just received copies of letters and telegrams from General Allen on the subject of supplying Forts Smith and Gibson. I think it

