
advisable to order General Steele to keep open the route from Little Rock to forts and supply them that way, or else abandon them altogether. The first thing for Steele to do is to dismiss his chief quartermaster and put a live man in his place. The idea that animals should starve in Arkansas where the enemy can come and supply man and beast is simply ridiculous. Please give necessary orders both to Steele and Quartermaster-General Meigs.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, September 29, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If Rosecrans does not send forward the regiments belonging to Sherman as ordered arrest him, by my order, unless the President will authorize his being relieved from command altogether.

* * *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORGANZA, September 29, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain FARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

The party sent out a few days since in disguise as Confederates has returned, bringing 1 colonel, 2 lieutenants, and 3 men as prisoners. Particulars will be sent by mail.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, U. S. COLORED FORCES,Organza, La., September 29, 1864.

Lieutenant O. A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Colored Forces:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the arrival of Private Mundy Gustave, Company B, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, who was left in small-pox hospital near Alexandria, La., when our army left there in May last. Private Gustave makes the following statement, which I submit for the information and consideration of the general commanding:

I was put in the hospital the day the army moved. Three other black men left with me. One died, the others got well. The rebels came into the town the same day our army left; came to the hospital the next morning. Got well in about a month. was then taken by an officer to headquarters. Generals Dick Taylor and Walker were there. They gave me in charge of a sergeant and put me to cooking for the prisoners. Did not let them know that I was a soldier. Heard them say they would shoot all the black soldiers they caught. Cooked for the prisoners about three weeks. Was then put on steamer Champion Numbers 3, as fireman. They had three boats this side of the dam, Champion Numbers 3, Frolic, and one more; don't recollect the name. They got the Frolic in Cane River. Saw six boats above the dam. The boats were used to carry rations from Alexandria to Harrinsonburg, up Black River. Made eight or nine trips. The soldiers marched by land. The Champion Numbers 3 came down under a flag of truce this side the mouth of Black River to Turnbull's Island. While wooding up I stole away. Put back into the woods about ten miles and found my way to the river. Found a "dug-out" and crossed the river. Came in sight of a gun-boat;

