
WARRENSBURG, September 3, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. WOLFE,

Jefferson City:

Hold your entire mounted force in readiness to move by rail, and have train in readiness to move them. Acknowledge receipt.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 3, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The order of the brigadier-general commanding to hold my mounted force in readiness to march is received.

JNO. S. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, September 3, 1864.

Captain EDWARDS,

New Madrid, Mo.:

Shoe up your horses and get as many men as possible ready to move Monday morning. Captain McClanahan will leave here to-day for Madrid by way of Sikeston. I have ordered thirty of Ewing's men to leave Charleston to-morrow for Madrid by way of James' Bayou. As soon as their forces all concentrate I want them to move against Colonel Clark, wherever he may be found. Endeavor to find his locality. In the meantime I will also send a force down from Bloomfield toward Kennett. Let me know as soon as you learn where Clark is. Captain Sells reports him between Kennett and Hornersville with 200 men.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, September 3, 1864.

General PLEASONTON:

The general commanding directs me to call your attention to the fact that three farmers of Cooper County have called upon him to-day to say that infamous outrages have been recently perpetrated upon Union citizens within a short distance of Boonville, such as pulling off toe nails with pincers, to compel an admission of the possession of gold. You will please investigate and report. The general commanding also directs me to say that he is in receipt of information that the report of the crossing of 200 guerrillas on the penitentiary steamer at Rocheport is not substantiated.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, September 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have the honor to report that I arrived and assumed command of this district last night. Todd's band, 152 actual count, are reliably

