
the necessary orders, and will advise you what orders have been given. Preparations to cross the Mississippi are still being made by the rebels, both on the east and west banks, by Buckner's force near Saint Joseph, La., and Scott's forces at Brookhaven. From the report of scouts and intercepted letters I learn that only Dick Taylor's (now Buckner's) force is ordered to cross. In this case the concentration at Monticello is intended for operations against your lines and to cove Price's operations in Missouri, and the attack is more likely to be made upon Pine Bluff, or, by crossing the Arkansas low down,upon your communications at Devall's Bluff. General Dana will be instructed to send you, if necessary, any re-enforcements that can be spared from Vicksburg, and you will please communicate to him any information of rebel movements that may reach you. General Washburn will probably not be able to send you any more re-enforcements, as he appears to be in need of a part those now with you. His cavalry and the detachment of the Seventeenth Corps (under Colonel Moore) should be sent back as soon as possible.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., September 29, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your telegrams of 22nd instant came to hand yesterday. General Canby desires me to say that that portion of the Nineteenth Army Corps now at the mouth of White River and Saint Charles will remain there for the present. Please communicate frequently the state of affairs in your department.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., September 29, 1864.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Mouth of White River, Ark.:

GENERAL: Telegrams from General Steele were received yesterday. Have replied to him that the portion of the Nineteenth Army Corps now at the mouth of White River and Saint Charles will remain for the present. Have nothing for your information to add to my note of yesterday.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., September 29, 1864.

Captain S. C. FARRINGTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find dispatch received from Major-General Steele, which I have the honor of forwarding for the information of the major-general commanding. As it is hardly more than a request, I

