
should not feel justified in moving to the point designated without more definite orders from you than I have yet received, and even were it a positive order to move it could not be done in less than tend days, as there is so little water in White River that even the lightest draught boats can scarcely navigate, and it would require at least ten days or two weeks to collect sufficient transportation. By boats from Devall's Bluff yesterday I learn that all is quiet in that vicinity; no enemy in force as far as known. I await further and more definite instructions from you.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

LITTLE ROCK, September 26, 1864-9.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General DENNIS,

Mouth of White River:

GENERAL: The information furnished through your headquarters by commanding officer (Baldwin) of gun-boat Romeo, coincides with that I have received from other sources. You will please move your command up to Devall's Bluff as soon as convenient, unless this would conflict with other orders.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Arkansas.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., September 29, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your telegram of September 26 was received by the hands of Captain Lacey, of your staff, this a. m. Allow me to say in reply, general, that owing to the want of transportation and the low stage of water in White River it is impossible for me to comply with your request immediately. I will, however, if you so desire, send an officer to Memphis to procure transportation. Only the very lightest draught boats now navigate that river, and it would consequently require considerable of a fleet to move my command. I have forwarded your dispatch to Major-General Reynolds, and without urgent orders from you shall await his reply.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 87. Little Rock, Ark., September 29, 1864.

* * *

II. The post of Huntersville is hereby merged in the post of Little Rock and the post of Little Rock attached to the command of the First Division, Seventh Army Corps. The above to take effect on the 1st of October, 1864.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

