HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 29, 1864.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: If I persevere in writing to you I believe it must eventually happen in the course of fortune that I shall have something favorable to communicate. I learn to-day from General Steele that the enemy is threatening Pine Bluff, his pickets extending from Monticello to Mount Elba. It is given out that his force is large, and that he intends moving a column on Little Rock also. It was the universal talk three months ago among rebel sympathizers down this way that the Federals were to be driven out of Arkansas. This not having yet happened, it is natural that any plausible report should be got up for the time to relieve the disappointment and prop the hopes of the rebel masses. Still we must not underrate the enemy. The last I heard of General Mower's command it was north of Batesville, in pursuit of Price. Boats are occasionally fired into on the White River, but no damage has lately been done. For the past three days we have had considerable rain, and the weather has been cool. The health of the troops at this place is good. Since I have been here, now nearly three months, we have consumed $17,000 worth of fresh beef. It has not cost the Government $800, nearly all of it having been captured. The commissary will sell the hides for as much as $800. I congratulate you on the late successes. The events of these times will give us a brilliant supplement, at least, to Plutarch. A great deal of history is crowded into the past three years. Ours is a struggle on the side of mind and humanity. All our victories will be hallowed by the fact that every blow we strike is calculated to raise the standard of human nature.

With the best wishes for your health and long life, I remain, most truly, yours,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

The rebels are threatening Pine Bluff. Their pickets extend from Monticello to Mount Elba. They have an advanced post on the Monticello road. They also have a force on the Arkansas and picket the north side of the river. Scouts report that Magruder is going to advance in two columns, one on Pine Bluff and the other on this place. There is no sign of their coming in this direction. I ordered General Dennis from mouth of White River to Devall's Bluff. Rebels have a report that Price has encountered our troops in Missouri and that Marmaduke is killed. Mower is pursuing toward Pilot Knob by last information. I have sent dispatches to A. J. Smith, whose command is operating on this side of the Mississippi. The rebels say they will attack Little Rock on both sides when Price returns.

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, September 29, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

Very likely the enemy has made great calculations on the force we had a month ago. I trust we can disappoint him by being able our-

