HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., September 29, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

My present information leads me to believe that the enemy, under Generals Cooper, Gano, and Stand Watie will attempt to take the next train that is sent from Fort Scott, and they will probably throw a force of 3,000 or 4,000 men north of the Arkansas for that purpose. I am more strongly convinced than when I sent my dispatches of the 22nd and 24th instant, that it will not be safe for me to send a sufficient force from Forts Smith and Gibson to insure the safety of the train, as in that case the enemy will undoubtedly attack either place. We can subsist if a train does not leave Fort Scott for a month yet. I would again respectfully call your attention to the necessity of having a sufficient escort for the train to start from Fort Scott whenever it leaves. The main body of the enemy is now south of Honey Springs. I am still cut off from communication with Little Rock.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 221. East Point, Ga., September 29, 1864.

* * *

II. Special Orders, Numbers 219, extract IX, is amended to read, combined District of West Tennessee and Vicksburg, instead of Districts of Memphis and Vicksburg.

* * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., September 29, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg:

From recent information which I have received I am satisfied that Buckner's force has been ordered to cross the Mississippi, and that a concentration at Monticello is intended for operations against General Steele's line of communication and to cover Price's operations in Missouri. General Steele has been instructed to keep you advised of the rebel movements in his neighborhood, and the call upon you in case of necessity for such re-enforcement as you may be able to spare consistently with the safety of your command. Be pleased to hold this reserve force in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and if ordinary communications are not sufficiently reliable and frequent, send your dispatches to me by special boats. Troops will be held in readiness below to replace any troops that you may send to General Steele.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

