HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,East Point, Ga., September 29, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Believing you to be the best fitted for the position of any one in the department, I have assigned you to the command of the Sixteenth Corps, together with the District of Memphis and Vicksburg without knowing certainly whether you consider yourself as belonging to General Canby or not. I have recommended you to the President for permanent assignment to the Sixteenth Corps, organized to embrace all the troops on the Mississippi River, as you will see by the order. It will embrace about one-half of the troops of the department, and I shall rely upon you as a friend to suggest all changes in organization or other reformation which you may deem proper. I have had my attention called to the provost-marshal's department, and have made some changes in its regulations as you will observe. I wish you still to have an eye to it. I do not think Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson is implicated in any corruption connected with that department. I find that Waddell was recommended to go back to Vicksburg by a very reliable general officer with a view to a detection of his guilt, or a vindication of himself should he be able to do so. Lieutenant-Colonels Clark and Wilson aver that it was with purpose alone, and because nothing tangible had been proved against him, that Waddell was ordered to Vicksburg. With your present familiarity with the wants of the District of Vicksburg you will be able to maintain a wholesome supervision of its affairs without the necessity of remaining there, and for the purpose of speedy communication with me I should prefer that you make your headquarters at Memphis. I desire that a larger movable force be kept at Memphis than any other point. You will have General A. J. Smith to command a column from there and General Dodge below, so that you need not take the field yourself unless you choose. I shall depend upon you to collect the scattered troops of your command as soon as the emergency in Missouri is over. You know the situation of Dennis' division and any other of your troops now temporarily with the Nineteenth Corps. General Canby will doubtless give you every facility for recovering the troops which he has found it expedient to detach. The assignment of the permanent garrison, as well as the distribution of the unassigned troops to the different divisions of your corps, I have left entirely with you. In order fully to satisfy you and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, provost-marshal-general, I will send him to communicate with you at Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, September 29, 1864.

(Received October 9.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Your letter of 21st received. From the movements of the enemy in Arkansas, and the consequent disposition of your cavalry, I think it will be impracticable to relieve them very soon. For the present, and until all danger has passed in that section, I shall not withdrawn any of the re-enforcements sent there, and I am holding more troops in readiness at Vicksburg and Organza, to send forward if necessary. I

