
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 183. Saint Louis, Mo., September 29, 1864.

I. The organization of the citizens of Saint Louis has so far progressed that business may be resumed to-morrow morning; but all business houses will close at 3 p. m. daily until further orders, to give opportunity for drill.

II. Colonel B. Gratz Brown, volunteer aide-de-camp, is hereby assigned to the immediate command of the militia exempts, organized for special duty in the city of Saint Louis.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 270. Saint Louis, Mo., September 29, 1864.

* * *

11. The Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia have been consolidated and called into active service. Colonel Daniel Q. Gale is charged with their organization into a regiment. He will also call out all the able-bodied arms-bearing men of Franklin County, Mo., between the ages of eighteen and forty-five.

12. Captain Lewis Frazer's company, organized under General Orders, Numbers 107, current series, from these headquarters, and Captain Andrew Fink's company, will report to Colonel Gale for such orders as he may have. Captain Benjamin Anderson's and Captain Steines' companies will also act under Colonel Gale's orders.

13. Colonel Gale will make requisitions on the chief commissary of subsistence and on Big. General E. A. More, quartermaster-general of Missouri, for arms, ammunition, clothing, and camp and garrison equipage.

14. Colonel Gale will make provision for the defenses of the railroad bridges in Franklin County as soon as possible.

15. All the Enrolled Missouri Militia regiments having been called into active service, the medical director of the department will cause the commanding officers to certify to the number of men in their respective regiments in camp and approve requisitions for the minimum quantity of supplies necessary for their use.

* * *

17. The detachment of the Sixty-first Illinois Volunteers now in this city will at once proceed to Chester, Randolph County, Ill. The detachment will carry ten day's rations. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary river transportation.

* * *

22. All unorganized troops serving temporarily within this department will be organized into provisional brigades. The First Brigade will be composed of the Illinois volunteers, and commanded by Colonel Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, who will report to Major General F. P. Blair, commanding local defenses.

* * *

26. Colonel P. Davidson, commanding One hundred and thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, being under orders to hold himself in readiness to

