
reported to have been on Buffalo Prairie, in northwest corner of Cooper County, yesterday. I sent express with orders to move five companies of Fourth Missouri State Militia from La Fayette to Cooper County, to operate against the guerrillas in the eastern part of the district. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear reported from Pleasant Hill last night his arrival, but does not hear any confirmation of the report from Captain Allen, at Oxford, that a large band of guerrillas were concentrating in the direction of Morristown. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear has been ordered back into La Fayette and Saline Counties.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

Numbers 54. Warrensburg, Mo., September 3, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Central Missouri.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

I. An important and exciting political canvass for the State and Presidential elections is now opened, in which the officers and men of this command have the inestimable and unusual privilege, for men in an army, of taking part and voting. While it is expected and desired that all officers and men in the army who have and expect to exercise the right of the elective franchise should add to the pure patriotism and virtues which soldiers must and do possess all possible knowledge, the general commanding most earnestly recommends his command to abstain entirely from all angry discussion and debate, and by sober thought and reflection ascertain what course each should best pursue to secure the perpetuity of our Union, and the greatness and glory of our country.

II. No officer of this command will use his official position or authority to change, modify, or influence the political opinions or actions of any of the officers or men of his command by any promises of promotion, threats of degradation, or otherwise, except by calm conversation or discussion. All violations of this order will be promptly reported to these headquarters, and the officer so offending will be recommended for summary dismissal from the service.

III. Officers and soldiers are strictly prohibited from disturbing or breaking up any political meeting or gathering of the people for argument or discussion. Any treasonable language used in these discussions, or language tending to disturb the quiet and good order of the community, will be reported to these headquarters, and such action taken as the general commanding the district or department may deem expedient.

IV. No officer or soldier will officially or authoritatively interfere with any officer, soldier, or citizen on the day of election, nor take part in the election, further than to exercise the right of voting, but will aid the civil officers, if necessary, when properly called upon so to do, in maintaining order and preserving the peace.

