
take the field at a moment's notice, he will turn over to Colonel F. D. Callender, chief of ordnance at the Saint Louis Arsenal, all surplus ordnance and ordnance stores in his possession that his movements may not be impeded by them.

* * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF SAINT LOUIS,Saint Louis, Mo., September 29, 1864.

Brigadier General E. C. PIKE,

Commanding Enrolled Militia of Saint Louis:

GENERAL: You will organize your command into three brigades, the first to be commanded by Brigadier General Madison Miller, the second by Brigadier General D. C. Coleman, and the third by Brigadier General Joseph S. Gage. Brigadier-General Miller will establish his headquarters at Carondelet and guard the bridges and fords of the Meramec. Brigadier-Generals Coleman and Gage will be stationed on the line of the forts surrounding the city, which you will assume for its defense. You will apportion this line between Generals Coleman and Gage, and instruct them to supervise and arrange at different points means of forming hasty barricades, so that, if required at different points means of forming hasty barricades, so that, if required, there may be no confusion or difficulty in finding the means or in constructing temporary obstructions. The principal roads leading into the city will be the points where these obstructions may be called for.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., September 30, 1864.

The within instructions are revoked. You will please send two brigades, under General Pike, to Kirkwood. Make such dispositions of remainder as you think proper.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MERAMEC BRIGADE, September 29, 1864-10.55 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

All the trains are over but one, which will soon reach here. I have the First Brigade here and disembarked the Second and Third at Jefferson Barracks, and will comply with your former instructions.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 29, 1864-12 noon.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

De Soto:

Your dispatch received. We heard you intended to fight the enemy this morning. Please send up a train with the arms and ammunition

