
JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 29, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

How soon will my brigade be relieved at Meramec Bridge. I ordered the arms and ammunition back from the bridge yesterday. Will inquire what has become of them. No special news from the front. Cavalry left Pevely about 3 p. m. Report says rebels are coming into Pevely on the Farmington road.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 29, 1864-5.10 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Meramec Bridge;

Have two regiments ready to come up on the cars immediately-the two that are out of rations.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, September 29, 1864-4 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Ewing directs me to say to you that he will be at Harrison Station on Southwest Branch Pacific Railroad at 10 o'clock to-night with the entire garrison of Pilot Knob, consisting of 2,000 men, including citizens, 200 horses, and a battery of six guns, and that he desires rations for the men and transportation for the command. He evacuated the fort and came out at 4 o'clock Tuesday morning. I left him at a point thirty miles east of Harrison Station at 5 o'clock this morning. No appearance of the enemy at that time or since, to my knowledge. Think he will get through all right.

CHAS. S. HILLS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, September 29, 1864-4 p. m.

Colonel DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

At daylight our outposts at Ironton was attacked and forced back to within half a mile of the fort. The enemy made desperate efforts to get possession of Shepherd's Mountain, and at 2 p. m. succeeded in driving the battalion of the Fourteenth Iowa into the rifle-pits and getting two 6-pounder guns in position on the mountain. The three mountain slopes overlooking the fort were filled with dismounted cavalry, the south front was threatened, extending across the valley between the fort and Ironton, commanded by General Marmaduke, while a column passed around the base of Shepherd's Mountain and formed on the north. General Cabell commanded the dismounted cavalry on the slope of Pilot Knob. The rebel troops being thus disposed, a signal of two guns was fired from the mountain, and the assaulting force moved on our works, came up in fine style to the ditches and went back to the mountains in indecent haste, leaving 1,500 killed and wounded. Among the latter is General Cabell, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 captains, and 2

