
FRANKLIN, September 29, 1864-11.50.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A scout of four men just from Richwoods direct report the rebels left that place late yesterday evening. Half went toward Potosi, stating that they would be back with wagons to take 100 pigs of lead now at the furnace there. Jim Wallace, of Potosi, was at Richwoods in command of the rebels. The rebels inquired how many men were at Franklin and how far it was to that point.

J. F. H. RUBY,

Operator.

ROLLA, September 29, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS:

Have you done anything for the defense of Franklin and the bridges near it? I hear nothing of the Gasconade militia, and so have relieved and brought in my militia on this end. One company of twenty left their post and may have deserted. I will report my guards when I am advised that Moselle bridge will be defended. Sanborn within eight mils of this place. Guns mounted on the block-house and people armed. This is all I dare say in alphabet.

JOHN McNEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., September 29, 1864.

Captain FERGUSON,

Commanding Militia at Steelville, Crawford County:

SIR: The bearer, M. M. Cantrell, is on scouting duty for me. You will furnish him such information as you may have of the movements of the enemy. You will keep yourself well advised of the approach of an enemy from any direction, and by keeping your force well in hand be able to retreat on this post and save your men. I leave all else to your discretion. You will annoy them as much as possible in your retreat, and your intimate knowledge of the country will help you in this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEDALIA, September 29, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Cavalry move at 6 o'clock. I shall leave here at 11 on railroad with artillery and infantry and dismounted cavalry. The column in marching is not ordered to make forced marches. They will beat Jefferson City Saturday morning. Will this be soon enough?

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 29, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General BROWN,

Jefferson City:

The general commanding says Colonel Poser, Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, has been ordered to report to you by telegraph; seven

