
companies now at Hermann and will be under your orders. General Guitar telegraphs that Bill Anderson was moving in direction of Fulton with about 300 men, and will probably cross at or near Portland. You must take means to prevent the rebels from picking up our citizen guards and taking their arms.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 29, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Have sent a steamer up the river to prevent rebels crossing, and have detached 200 men from Tipton to scout in the direction of Rocheport. All citizen guards have been notified of the movement of the rebels.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

TIPTON, September 29, 1864.

Colonel McFERRAN:

Will send 200 men of the Seventh, Colonel Crittenden, to operate between river and railroad toward Rocheport. Bill Anderson is reported approaching the river in that direction and from north. Colonel Crittenden will send any information from Tipton, by telegraph, or California, as it may be most convenient. Answer.

By order:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 29, 1864-2.10 p. m.

Colonel R. POSER,

Commanding 34th Enrolled Missouri Militia, Hermann:

The general commanding says your regiment will not be sent to Rolla, but to Jefferson City. Report to General Brown by telegraph. It is surmised that Bill Anderson with 200 or 300 men will try and cross near Portland. Employ scouts and report to General Brown. Where is the steam-boat that runs between Washington and Portland? Take possession of it if you can and report. It is thought Douglass fought them yesterday afternoon near Fulton. It is hoped he has defeated them.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HERMANN, September 29, 1864.

General BROWN:

I have orders to report to you for duty. I have six companies, about 350 men, at Hermann; one only armed. One company, Captain Eitzen's, armed, was sent to Gasconade bridge last night. Five companies will be at Cuba, on the Southwest Branch, to-morrow.

R. POSER,

Colonel, Commanding Enrolled Missouri Militia.

