
GLASGOW, September 29, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Cannonading is reported as heard in the neighborhood of Fulton, Callaway County, to-day, from which I judge that Douglass and King have found and fought the devils. I hope to get dispatches during the night. Kutzner is marching to this point. I shall order Dyer to Rocheport and Craig to send Harding to me, and will, at the earliest moment possible, so dispose the three regiments and the First Iowa Cavalry as to be able to strike Jefferson City. The game of Price is to stir up all the devilment possible in North Missouri, while he pushes his column from below. The telegraph line has been down all day; just up. I have established a patrol of sympathizers on the line from Boonville to Allen and hope to maintain the line.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 29, 1864-11.50 p. m.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow:

What news of your operations? Did Douglass have a fight with Bill Anderson? How soon will you have your district clear enough to march for Jefferson City with two or three regiments of infantry, and send off the First Iowa Cavalry?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MACON, September 29, 1864.

General FISK:

Colonel Kutzner has gone with his command to Shelbina and Paris. He will gather up his scattered companies and I shall join him at Allen on Sunday morning. The train that visited the scene of disaster on the 27th reports finding 155 dead bodies. This should be washed out with the blood of the friends of these demons. Ears were cut off and all commissioned officers were scalped. One wounded man reports the privates cut from one wounded soldier while living and thrust in his mouth. Other shameful indignities upon the corpses are mentioned. Let me hear from you fully if anything is needed of me at this point.

W. T. CLARKE.

GLASGOW, September 29, 1864.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp, Macon:

I regret that Colonel Kutzner is so tardy in his movements. The utmost vigor and earnestness must be infused into every officer and soldier. Sharp, quick blows must be struck before the demons are scattered by the frost, or get across the Missouri. My blood chills at the recital of the barbarous atrocities in the bloody chapter of Centralia. It is as revolting as despair itself and the blood of these murdered men cries out to every loyal Missourian for vengeance. It is fitting that this foul blot is upon the soil of Boone County, where there is so much of shameless sympathy with the bloody and diabolical leaders who

