
V. In what seems to be the last great trial of the Republic and final test of man's capability of self-government, it should be the pride of every citizen, it must be the pride of every soldier, in future years to say that in this crisis by labor and effort, by steady and calm thought and deliberation, by example and history, he learned what course was right, what his duty was, and performed it quietly and fearlessly.

VI. This order will be read to each regiment, battery, and detachment of this command on each of the two days next succeeding its reception, and at least once each day for the three days next preceding the election.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 3, 864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am concentrating all the mounted men I can muster at Glasgow, Fayette, and Huntsville, to co-operate with 1,000 dismounted men from the commands of Colonels Forbes and Dyer, after the Howard and Boone County bushwhackers. I hope to give the villains a hunt during the coming week. Cy. Gordon's band has passed up into Gentry County, but they can't stay in that latitude long. Am working day and night organizing the new regiments. I hope to muster the five full on Tuesday next. The new men are splendid fellows. I am selecting the officers with great care, and the Rosecrans Legion will make a good record before the leaves fall.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, September 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Price is sending his officers to this side to stir up the recruits. Our troops at Carrollton killed a rebel colonel and two other recruiting officers yesterday. I have reports of the killing of a few of Anderson's demons by a detachment of Dyer's troops in Montgomery County today.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LIBERTY, September 3, 1864.

General FISK:

Your telegram just received. I will call in the thirty men in Gallatin Township and other scouts which I have out and be ready to move at 10 a. m. the 4th instant. I can probably arrive at Glasgow Wednesday night or Thursday morning by marching at a gait which will leave my horses serviceable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN A. KING, JR.,

Major, Commanding.

4 R R-VOL XLI, PT III.

