
GLASGOW, September 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAPER,

Sturgeon:

Captain Glaze advises me that a negro taken by Anderson from Judge Viley's, near Roanoke, and who was with Anderson from Saturday night until this morning, came into Fayette this evening and reports that the guerrillas scattered night before last, with an understanding that they were to concentrate to cross the river between Rocheport and Glasgow, at or near Arrow Rock. He heard them say they had skiffs already made near that locality. The villains disguised their trail by dragging brush after them. The squad that the numbered thirteen, and took breakfast this morning seven miles from Fayette, and were moving southwest. General Douglass left Columbia yesterday at 5 a. m., having been joined by Major King, who missed the trail of the guerrillas from Middle Grove. The general says he should pursue and kill the demons. Unless you get track of a concentration, move toward Rocheport yourself. I fear the barbarians will get across the river. Is Leonard with you?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT CHARLES, September 29, 1864-11.30 a. m.

General ROSECRANS:

I have received the following from Colonel Dyer:

WARRENTON, MO., September 29, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel A. KREKEL,

Saint Charles:

Send fifty or seventy-five men of your town to Perruque bridge to relieve Captain Adams. Send on special train at 10 o'clock. Organize every available man in your county for local defense.

D. P. DYER.

Men will go up soon in compliance with the above. Send us arms by all means.

A. KREKEL.

SAINT LOUIS, September 29, 1864-9.10 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

General Ewing repulsed the assault of the rebels on Pilot Knob, commanded by General Price in person, killing and wounding 1,500. He dismantled the fort, evacuated with all his forces, and will reach Harrison, on the Rolla road, to-night at 10 o'clock. He will have to go to Rolla. The question of Price's presence in Missouri is settled.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 29, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Commanding Sub-District Numbers 1, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires me to say that in the event of any demonstration being made by the enemy while you are absent as a witness at Paola, that you will return to once to your com-

