
mand. Court-martial duty must be secondary to any duty that demands your presence with the troops. As there does not seem to be any immediate apprehension of an attack on Fort Scott, the general thinks the troops forming the garrison of Humboldt should return to that post, but held ready to join you at Fort Scott when required. Some citizens from Humboldt have sent him word that they shall petition Government for protection, and threaten to abandon their homes unless it is given. You can say to such people through the commanding officer at Humboldt that leaving their homes is a matter entirely within their own control, and that the Government will send its troops where their services are most required. The general wishes the road from Humboldt to Fort Gibson well watched. He also desires you views upon the locations along the eastern and southern border most necessary to be kept up during the winter, taking into consideration their importance as outposts, their strength, and the facilities for supplying them with subsistence, forage, &amp;c. In your telegraphic dispatches let them be as brief as possible, while fully conveying your meaning. They are a source of very considerable expense to the Government, and the general wishes this, as well as every other branch of expenditure, reduced to the least limit.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, September 29, 1864.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Commanding Sub-District Numbers 2, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the district directs me to say that a prospect is held out for the erection of some rough quarters for troops at Olathe and Paola. He desires you views as to the number of locations necessary to be kept up on the border during the winter, their strength, and facilities for supplying them with forage, subsistence, &c. You will please confer with Lieutenant Robinson, engineer officers, who will hand you this letter, and the general would be glad to hear you answer by the return of Lieutenant Robinson.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 2. In the Field, Fort Larned, September 29, 1864.

I. Captain Theodore Conkey, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, will proceed with his command, including section of battery under Lieutenant Edington, to Fort Zarah, and relieve Captain E. A. Jacobs, First Colorado Cavalry.

II. Captain Jacobs, upon being relieved by Captain Conkey, will proceed with his command to Fort Larned and report for duty to Major Scott J. Anthony, First Colorado Cavalry, commanding post.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

