
nearly opposite the Cottonwood; that they soon will strike the Platte and make for the settlements of Colorado. General Sully has doubtless driven them down upon us. We must have a strong force after them at once or we will be destroyed by their cutting off our communication.

JNO. EVANS,

Governor.

COLORADO SUPERINTENDENCY OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Denver, September 29, 1864.

Major S. G. COLLEY,

U. S. Indian Agent:

SIR: The chiefs brought in by Major Wynkoop have been heard. I have declined to make any treaty with them, lest it might embarrass the military operations against the hostile Indians of the plains. The Arapahoe and Cheyenne Indians being now at war with the United States Government must make peace with the military authorities. Of course this arrangement relieves the Indian Bureau of their care until peace is declared with them, and as their tribes are yet scattered, and all except Friday's band are at war, it is not probable that it will be done immediately. You will be particular to impress upon these chiefs the fact that my talk with them was for the purpose of ascertaining their views and not to offer them anything whatever. They must deal with the military authorities until peace, in which case alone they will be in proper position to treat with the Government in relation to the future.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EVANS,

Governor Colo. Ter. and ex-officio Supt. of Indian Affairs.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WINGATE, N. MEX.,September 29, 1864.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that the report of the Navajo Indians, referred to in my communication of September 22, that I sent Captain Montoya to ascertain the truth of, was as stated, but Captain Montoya after traveling between fifty and sixty miles met some other Navajoes that reported the Apaches as having returned to the White Mountains, and he then returned to the post. At the same time Captain Montoya was upon the trail five or six Apaches, which it appears had separated from the main body, killed a Navajo Indian, and stole nine head of horses. I immediately upon getting the information, about sixteen hours after the horses were gone, sent a lieutenant and fifteen [men] in pursuit, but they were on foot and the Indians mounted, and they accomplished nothing, the party not being strong enough to follow them into the mountains; was only rationed for six days. Last night a party of Apaches run off about 100 Navajo horses from near the post. They were loose (not herded), and of course nothing was known of it until late in the morning, when the Indians themselves reported it. From 60 to 100 Navajo Indians well mounted and sixteen soldiers on foot are in pursuit. These are of the Ricos, well mounted, and I think will retake their stock. I have now at the post between 400 and 500 Navajo Indians, of the wealthiest that have yet surren-

