
dered, and there are probably as many more this side of Colorado Chico, but they are very slow about coming in, and some will not come except they are brought. These Indians say there are yet many Indians back. Three chiefs came in to talk, and have returned for their people. This is the way they all do. None of the Ricos bring in their families and stock until they have first been in at least twice themselves. They even then ask to be allowed to remain here and not be sent to Fort Sumner; but by assuring them they will be well treated if they surrender, and that there will be no peace for them until they do, they finally come in. The Apaches are getting troublesome, and I would like a mounted company here for scouting. The Navajoes think they should be protected after they come in. I can protect their families, and have told them to shut up their stock at night and they will loose no more. But those already stolen, unless the Navajoes themselves retake them, are probably lost, as my men are on foot. As Fort Canby is to be broken up, can not Captain Thompson's mounted company be sent here at once? This, with the troops now here, would be sufficient to stop and chastise the Apaches in this vicinity, and or all other purposes.
I cannot send the Navajoes, now here, away until the party returns that is after th stock. I will then send them as soon as possible.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, September 30, 1864-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Stevenson and Kelley were both re-enforced yesterday. It has not been possible for some time to communicate with General Steele or the inspectors sent to report upon affairs in his department. General Canby was authorized, if his inspector found complaints against Steele well founded, to place J. J. Reynolds in command. This will avoid the delay of referring back here for the President's order. An inspector is now in Arkansas with authority to remove and arrest Steele's chief quartermaster and commissary if he deems it best to do so. The cavalry inspector's report is not so bad as was anticipated, and many of the other complaints may prove unfounded. I think all proper measures have been taken to remove, without too hasty action, such evils as shall be found to really exist. Steele has encountered numerous enemies in Jew traders and cotton speculators, and should not be too summarily condemned.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: Yours of the 28th, inclosing General Howard's of the 16th instant, is just received. General howard's statements are all

