
wrong from beginning to end. The correspondence between Generals Sherman and Canby and the War Department put this matter in a very different and satisfactory light. At General Sherman's request, General Canby was authorized to direct the movements of all troops on the east bank of the Mississippi to operate on either side. They were to continue to report to Howard as being in his department, but neither he nor Sherman were to give them orders, except it case of emergency. Copies of all orders given by General Canby to such troops were to be, and have been, sent to General Sherman. parts of regiments on the river were collected to be sent to Atlanta, but were stopped at memphis to assist Steele in Arkansas. General Dana was placed in command at Vicksburg by the direct order of the Secretary of War to root out some of the rascalities at that place, and I believe he is doing it pretty effectually. It is very possible that the reported operation of the rebels in Arkansas may turn out only a "little stampede," but it would have bene unwise for General Canby, under the circumstances, to neglect any means of meeting that stampede. In a letter to me General Sherman says that as soon as the fragments of regiments and brigades belonging to the Department of the Tennessee can be sent to General Howard it may be well to detach the others and make a new department on the Mississippi River, leaving Howard simply in command of his army in the field, but for the present he prefers that no change be made. Should he and Canby's troops connect on the Alabama or Apalachicola River it will be necessary to make a reorganization of departments and commands. Sherman has been kept fully advised of what Canby is doing or proposes to do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, September 30, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Dept. of the Gulf, Headquarters, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: Unofficial newspapers statements concerning an alleged entrance of the Mexican General Cortina with an armed force into territory of Texas, within the United States, with an assumption of military authority, have attracted the attention of this Department, as well as that of the minister of France at this capital. The reports are contradictory and apparently entire unreliable. The dignity of this Government and its honor as a neutral power in the conflict which is raging in Mexico render it necessary that the President should be fully informed as early as possible of the proceedings to which I have thus referred. I have, therefore, to request that you will ascertain the facts and make a report thereon to the Secretary of War. In the meantime, I have the pleasure to inform you that the proceeding is approved by which, on the occasion referred to, you gave notice to the said Cortina that his presence in arms within the United States are at peace would not be tolerated. Although that proceeding indicates that you have faithfully adhered to the instructions given to your predecessors, yet I think it proper to renew the injunction that on no account and in no way must the neutrality of the United States in the

32 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

