
war between France and Mexico be compromitted by our military forces or be suffered to be compromitted within your command by either of the belligerents.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 325. Washington, September 30, 1864.

* * *

70. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 319, September 24, 1864, from this office, as directed Major General George L. Hartsuff, U. S. Volunteers, to report in person, without delay, to Major-General Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, for assignment to duty, is hereby revoked.

General Hartsuff will remain on duty as a member of the general court-martial now in session at New York City, and of which Major General Daniel Butterfield, U. S. Volunteers, is president, until the trial of General Spinola is completed, after which he will report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, September 30, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 30th day of September, 1864, from the following sources: A report from Bernard Norton, scout, mouth of White River, September 24; the statement of W. W. Aber, Vicksburg, Miss., September 20; the statement of W. T. Jordan, Vicksburg, Miss., September 22. Mr. Norton states that General Price crossed the Arkansas on the 7th instant, at Dardanelle and Galla Rock, with 8,000 men, 12 guns, and 400 wagons. He is moving in the direction of Missouri. North of White River, at Jacksonport, Generals McCray and Shelby are moving in the same direction, with a force estimated at 6,000 cavalry. There is no force at Hot Springs. Colonel Logan is at Princeton, with 600 cavalry. Captain Cooper is at the North Fork of the Saline, with three companies of cavalry. Colonel Harrison's command, the Third Louisiana Cavalry, his own regiment, Colonel Capers' regiment, and Colonel McNeill's regiment, were at Oak Ridge, La., on the 13th instant, and Colonel McNeill's regiment, were at Oak Ridge, La., on the 13th instant, but were under orders to move into Arkansas to re-enforce Marmaduke, or to do picket duty near Monticello while the other troops move into Missouri. His force is estimated from 1,500 to 2,500. On the 13th Walker's and Polignac's divisions were still at Monroe, La., but under marching orders for the north. Price's army of invasion is said to be 20,000 or 25,000 strong.

