
tity on hand which had been landed at Buckner's Landing. I then returned to the boat and proceeded a few miles up the river to a place called Point Pleasant, four miles from Mr. Douglas' plantation, and landed about twenty-five men, and went to Mr. Douglas' plantation and seized a large amount of cloth of various kinds, and some other goods of a contraband nature, and on the morning of the 29th returned with it to the boat. Having learned that the goods were landed from a small steamer called Buffalo, owned by M r. Douglas, which was in the habit of landing at various out-of-the-way landings along the river, I also took possession of the boat and towed it into port at Vicksburg and reported the circumstances to the authorities there, who placed a guard over it and detained it for ;investigation. The cloth, &amp;c., was turned over to Major-General Dana's order, with the exception of some retained for the use of my command by permission from General Dana, subject to decision from your headquarters, as to the amount and manner of payment for the same. A list of the articles will be forwarded for your consideration. The whole amount of cloth turned over at Vicksburg was from 1,200 to 1,500 yards. There was an expedition leaving Vicksburg on the evening of the 29th, and I volunteered to accompany it. We landed at Bruinsburg on the morning of the 30th and proceeded with the main force, which was under command of Colonel Osband, to Port Gibson, and from thence returned to Rodney. My command captured 2 prisoners on the route, which makes in all 40 prisoners captured during the month. It is now the 3rd of October, and this report has been delayed by reason of my absence upon the expedition named. I arrived in Natchez by way of Fayette last night at 10 p. m., having left the main force of the expedition fifteen miles out. I will give an outline of our operations and captures in the two days since the commencement of the month, and will report it in due form on my next summary for this month. On our way form Rodney to Natchez we captured and turned over to the main command some 8 or 10 prisoners, mostly taken at Fayette; killed Lieutenant Hinds, the provost-marshal of the place, and brought with us to Natchez 18 horses. The only loss I sustained was 2 horses broken down by travel I also captured a Confederate mail, which has not yet been thoroughly examined. I will immediately transmit to your headquarters any important information it may contain.

I. N. EARL,

First Lient. Co. D., 4th Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 238. Little Rock, Ark., September 30, 1864.

I. Paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 226, current series, from these headquarters, assigning Major Hiram M. Scarborough, Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, to duty as acting inspector-general, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, is hereby revoked, he being absent on recruiting service.

II. Lieutenant Thomas A. Pollok, Company E, Twenty-second Ohio Infantry, is hereby assigned as acting assistant inspector-general of Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will report to Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding.

* * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

