HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I desire to inform General Canby that I have resumed the command of this district with restored health before the expiration of my leave of absence. I desire also to call his attention to the small number of my troops. During my absence the two 100-days' regiments have been sent North to be mustered out. The Sixth Minnesota, which came here three months ago from that northern State, have been fearfully depleted by sickness. More than 400 have been sent to hospitals in Saint Louis and Memphis. One hundred and seventy-five are reported sick to-day, and the aggregate for duty is only seventy-nine. I have no cavalry, except four companies of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, who report this day only ninety-seven for duty. I should have a full regiment. My two colored regiments are greatly depleted, as you will see by the inclosed consolidated field return.* There is no enemy that I know of in this vicinity, but as the Confederate forces in this State are mounted, a larger force than mine may arrive here any day. The applications made to General Steele for additional troops have never been granted. I think the good of the service requires a good cavalry regiment at this post.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-general, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 88. Little Rock, Ark., September 30, 1864.

I. The commanding officer First Division will select ground for cantonments of the different regiments of his division for winter. The ground for cantonments of one brigade will be on the west side or southwest side of the city. After selecting the ground he will furnish a sketch to these headquarters showing the positions and their relations to the works.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,

Little Rock, Ark., September 30, 1864.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The post of Little Rock, including what has been known heretofore as the post of Huntersville, having been assigned to your command by Special Orders, Numbers 87, paragraph II, from these headquarters, you will assign to ia a suitable garrison with a suitable garrison with a suitable commander. The duties of the garrison will be the same as heretofore, i. e., to furnish guard for the different headquarters, offices, store-houses,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

