
stables, shops, depot, railroad rains, &amp;c., and to keep order in the city. The new commander will consult with the present commander, and at first take up the duties as now performed. If any changes should be desirable in the mode of conducting the post duties you [will] afterward cause them to be made, if not incompatible with existing orders from these and department headquarters. Special attention will be given to keeping order and quiet in the city, which has been somewhat neglected of late on account of the weakness of the garrison. Orders from department headquarters require that the guards at the railroad depot and store-houses should be selected and permanent, from the fact that there are always loose stores there which are liable to be stolen.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 30, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOYERS,

Brownsville:

It is reported that the enemy, from 300 to 1,500 strong, have crossed the Arkansas River to the north side in the vicinity of Arkansas Post. The brigadier-general commanding desires you to send as large a scouting party as you can in that direction to obtain information and drive in beef-cattle.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 30, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

A steamer left here on the 21st with stores for Pine Bluff and was aground ten miles below here. Yesterday at 11 a. m. a boat passed the bar loaded with salt and hospital stores and has, perhaps, reached Pine Bluff by this time. The river is rising and stores will be pushed forward to you. The ammunition is on board of a boat which is about to start. I have ordered General Dennis' division up from the mouth of White River. It is my intention to re-enforce you as soon as possible. If the rebels have made a lodgment on the north bank of the river, they should be made so uncomfortable that they would leave if possible. It is reported that Magruder is waiting for Price's return from Missouri to attack the railroad, when he will advance on Pine Bluff and Little Rock in two columns. General Mower is following Price and A. J. Smith is heading him off. Perhaps he may escape and come here but he will probably lose his guns and a good many men. The commander of the gun-boat fleet informs me that Magruder is advancing on Little Rock with 14,000 men; this he says is reliable. If General Dennis obeys my order he will not return with so many, in my belief. Major Attkisson, who escaped from Tyler, Tex., says 2,500 infantry moved up toward Fort Smith. He crossed their trail. Probably they intend to hold Caddo Gap for Price on his return. Two deserters from Texas say troops were sent up to Doaksville to re-enforce Maxey. Colonel Glenn was allowed to stop at a house on a parol of honor, he being, or pretending to be, ill; he ran off; our scouts are after him. Advise your

