
scouting parties to look out for him. He escaped just as the information sent by you was received. Do you think Magruder is in earnest or is he trying to help Price? If you should get information that he is going to attack or invest the place let me know at once. It is Canby's intention merely to hold our own until after operations in Mobile Bay are over. That is the reason Reynolds' troops have not been moved up White River. Sheridan has cut Early all to pieces. The loss of the Shenandoah Valley will be a heavy blow to Lee.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Little Rock, September 30, 1864.

Major J. B. ROGERS,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 7th Army Corps, Dept. of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following letter of advice of this date, relative to the Cavalry Division of the Seventh Army Corps. The reorganization of ;the division was made on the 19th instant. Division and brigade inspectors were not appointed in time for formal inspections and reports. This division consists of nineteen regiments, brigaded as follows:

First Brigade-Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Fifth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, Seventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, First Indiana Cavalry Volunteers. Second Brigade-First Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, First Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, Third Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, Third U. S. Cavalry. Third Brigade-Eighth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Ninth Iowa Cavalry Volunteers, Tenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Merrill's Horse (Second Missouri Cavalry Volunteers). Fourth Brigade-Third Michigan Cavalry Volunteers, Ninth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, Third Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers, Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, First Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers. The First Brigade is at Pine Bluff; the Second at Little Rock. The Eighth Missouri, Tenth Illinois, and Ninth Iowa, of the Third Brigade, at Austin. The Eleventh Missouri at Devall's Bluff, and the Second Missouri are assigned to duty at the cavalry depot. The Third Arkansas, Ninth Kansas, and Third Wisconsin, of the Fourth Brigade, are at Little Rock; the third Michigan at Brownsville, and the First Nebraska at Devall's Bluff.

The consolidated tri-monthly report, August 20, of cavalry commands serving in the District of Little Rock, show an aggregate present for duty, 5,954-247 commissioned officers and 5,707 enlisted men; on special, daily, or extra duty, 45 officers and 2,318 enlisted men; 72 commissioned officers and 2,496 enlisted men sick; 115 commissioned officers and 1,865 enlisted men on detached service within the department; 69 commissioned officers and 459 enlisted men on detached service without the department; aggregate present and absent, 15,667-629 commissioned officers and 15,038 enlisted men; 6,387 serviceable and 2,271 unserviceable horses.

Considerable has been done in the inspection o;f unserviceable ordnance and quartermaster's property. The horses in the First Missouri, Third Missouri, First Iowa, and Third U. S. Cavalry Regiments have been inspected and classified, and Class 3 sent to the cavalry depot at Devall's Bluff. lasses 1 and 2 have been turned over to the depot

