
The health of the men and the condition of the horses in the Third Brigade has materially improved since the brigade moved to Austin, where the ground is high and gravelly, with plenty of good water and ample corn forage accessible. The increased activity everywhere manifest is a promising omen of a better state of things in the cavalry arm of the service in this department.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. HAZEN WHITE,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 222. East Point, Ga., September 30, 1864.

4. Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, will direct the Seventy-second Regiment Illinois Infantry volunteers, Colonel F. A. Starring commanding, to proceed forthwith with camp and garrison equipage, via Cairo and Nashville, to these headquarters and report to the major-general commanding for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 30, 1864.

(Received October 7.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Forrest is doing a good deal of mischief in Middle Tennessee. I started to-day all of my cavalry, who will cross Tennessee River in Perry County. I also send around to Tennessee River 500 white and 500 colored infantry, with a battery, to co-operate with the cavalry. I shall go to-night to Cairo, so as to communicate by telegraph in regard to the whereabouts of the enemy, and to direct the movement of our troops accordingly, and I may go up the Tennessee River before I return. General M. L. Smith I leave here. General Webster telegraphed me from Nashville, 11,30 p. m. the 27th, that Rousseau had been skirmishing all day at Pulaski.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-1.40 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Know nothing of the Sixty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry. Not in this department. Have given no orders to troops not within my department and command.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

