
respectfully ask permission to run a reconnoitering train with military guard down the road as far as first burnt bridge as soon as practicable, and if not incompatible with demands for troops in other quarters that Colonel Rankin's Jefferson County militia may be distributed on the bridges north of Mineral Point.

Respectfully,

S. D. BARLOW.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General GAGE:

GENERAL: I think it expedient to move the militia to the front under command of their own officers. They are dissatisfied, as they say they serve for nothing, and think they ought to have what little opportunity there is. You will please report to General Pleasonton for orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Coleman.)

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

One of our old scouts has just come in and states he left Pilot Knob about four hours after General Ewing. On coming up he saw large forces of the enemy in th;e vicinity of Potosi going to the left or in direction of Rolla. His story is of great importance, if true. I will send him up to you with an officer on the 11.40 train. No news of the enemy reported by Colonel Catherwood. I have sent a small train with guard on the railroad toward De Soto to reconnoiter. I have one regiment now at the bridge.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON BARRACKS, September 30, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Catherwood has sent in to this place 500 horses to be shod. We have not the shops here for doing it. Will it be possible to have them shod in the city? Will we have time? Please answer.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-11.50 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH,

Jefferson Barracks:

From your report it is probable the enemy is moving westward. Push Merrill out as far to the front as possible. I will send Merrill an order also. Captain Woods, assistant quartermaster, will shoe Colonel Catherwood's horses.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

