
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 3, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Kearny:

The civil officers of Montana have asked for military escort to that Territory. The Secretary of War authorizes you to give such escort if in your opinion you can spare troops for that purpose. But first of all, the Overland Mail Rouge and the frontier posts require protection from the Indians. The Secretary of War authorizes you to raise 100-days' men in Nebraska, without bounties.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 3, 1864

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth:

MAJOR: Your dispatches of 22nd and 26th ultimo have been received, and General Sibley is gratified at the progress made in building the new post. The question of the employment of scouts in addition to those already in the service as suggested by Major Brown, will be submitted for the decision of Major-General Pope. The straggling Indians from the Fort Thompson reservation should, as heretofore directed, be required to keep on the west of the James River and not permitted to visit the Coteau de Prairie on any pretense whatever. You will cause any such that may be fallen in with by the scouts to be informed that if they do not at once retrace their steps to the west side of the James River they will be regarded and treated as hostile Indians. It is to be hoped that more of the Indians concerned in raids upon the settlements will be fallen in with and destroyed by parties from your post. No mercy should be shown to these wretches. You will receive orders in a few days as to the disposition to be made of the prisoner, and meantime he should be kept under safe guard and killed without hesitation should he attempt to escape. General Sibley is very anxious to learn of the safe arrival of Lieutenant Phillips with the party who escorted Captain Fisk's train to the Missouri. Major Downie states that it was reported some of the scouts had heard artillery firing during most of one day in the direction of the Coteau of the Missouri, but as you do not mention it in your dispatches the rumor is probably groundless. Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, will form a portion of the escort to the next train to Fort Wadsworth and on arrival will report to your for duty. You will send down a cavalry company with the returning train to Fort Ridgely. There will be about 600 tons of hay required for the post, but every care should be taken to avoid waste. Grain cannot be furnished for the horse of the returning expedition of Colonel Thomas, for it is with the utmost difficulty that transportation can be obtained for that needed for the use of the post during the winter. You will exercise a close supervision over the expenditure of all public stores and supplies at your post, for in addition to the first cost of articles, the price of each pound of freight transported is enormous. The closest economy will be practiced in all branches of the service.

It does not appear from Major Brown's report, inclosed by you, that there have been any late accessions to the ranks of the Indians who

