
tinue so until there are heavy rains on its headwaters, of which there seems little prospects; but there seems to be no indications of any movement toward the Meramec.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FRANKLIN, September 30, 1864-3.10 p. m.

Colonel DU BOIS:

There were two car-loads hard tack on the train which Mr. Curry got through to General Ewing at Harrison. The men had been on quarter rations and this seemed to cheer the men up very much. Two cars of ammunition were also in the same train and safely brought to Harrison. Refugees, consisting of soldiers and citizens, are coming in at that place in small squads from General Ewing's command.

W. T. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo., September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have scouting parties out toward Fredericktown and northwest of here. All reports are to the effect that the rebels have moved from Fredericktown and Farmington toward Pilot Knob and De Soto. They are evidently in strong force. There is no rebel force menacing this post, and I have ordered my cavalry to scour the country in all directions for stragglers.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo., September 30, 1864-noon.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have reports from Fredericktown brought by scouts and spies. The rebels have all left there except a strong mounted patrol force. They moved out west and north west, and were variously reported at from 7,000 to 12,000, with considerable artillery. The common talk is that they intend attacking Jefferson City. Scouts came in from Bloomfield this morning and report that the main rebel force have moved north. I have my men out scouring the country west and northwest.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-1.30 p. m.

OPERATOR,

Franklin:

Who is in command at Franklin? Ask commander there if he has any news from the direction of Rolla or south.

F. S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

33 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

