
FRANKLIN, Mo., September 30, 1864-2 p. m.

Colonel DU BOIS:

Captain W. T. Hunter is in command here. He has no news from Rolla, but I have just received a dispatch to send to McKissock; it is from Mr. Curry, conductor on branch train. He went to Rolla yesterday, and got back from Harrison Station this p. m. with the engine, having left his train at Harrison Station. He reports as follows: "I arrived at Franklin at 1.30 p. m. this day with engine. Left all my train at Harrison and flagged down here. General Ewing is at Harrison with about 2,000 cavalry and about 500 infantry and six pieces artillery." General Ewing wants to get to Saint Louis. They were attacked twice yesterday afternoon, once about one mile from Harrison. they had heavy picket-firing about 11 o'clock last night. The track was torn up at Cuba, and burned the station-house there; also burned the station-house and tore up the track at Bourbon. Telegraph line is down between bourbon and Cuba. Heard no cannonading up to 9.30 this a. m.

J. F. H. RUBY,

Operator.

FRANKLIN, Mo., September 30, 1864-5.10 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

Captain Boyd, who was reported captured this morning, has returned with a portion of his men. He had a skirmish with the enemy twenty-five miles south, and thinks that they are moving in force on this place. The citizens all volunteer their services, though they have but few arms. Your dispatches infused courage and enthusiasm among the forces and citizens. I am using every exertion to meet the case.

W. T. HUNTER,

Commanding Post.

FRANKLIN, September 30, 1864-9.50 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

Scouts just returned report a large force of rebels, cavalry and artillery, within eight miles, advancing.

WM. T. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

FRANKLIN, Mo., September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant C. LELAND,

Aide-de-Camp:

General Ewing is at Harrison Station, forty-five miles from here.

My informant is conductor and engineer.

W. T. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Captain HUNTER,

Pacific Station:

There will be plenty of troops up there to-night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

