HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., September 30, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that all the force now here, citizens and convicts from the penitentiary, are intrenching on a shorter line than was adopted, and on which work has been done by General Fremont, which is over three miles long, and the different works not within supporting distance of each other. I have also prohibited all able bodied citizens from leaving the district, and am putting them at work and organizing them for defense. Colonel Zevely, Osage County, has 400 Enrolled Missouri Militia, and will soon have his regiment on active duty. Colonel Hickox, of Cole County; Colonel Crawford, of Pettis; Colonel Marvin, of Henry, are working energetically to bring their regiments into the field. Out of all I hope to get three full regiments by the 7th proximo. Good officers with small scouts have been sent from here south of the Osage with orders to concentrate the citizen guards, establish relays for express of news, and, if hard pressed, to fall back on this post, gathering the armed citizens and horses on their return. Squads of men are scouring the country on both sides of the railroad, gathering the horses from the people for the use of my troops and to prevent the enemy from obtaining remounts, as far as possible. The mounted troops of my command will be concentrated here to-night or early to-morrow morning, and shall be ready to take the offensive by Monday, with about 2,000 mounted rifles, and leave sufficient infantry and artillery to guard this place, to which I con fall back if necessary. The debris of stores, old wagons, &amp;,., at Warrensburg are on the cars waiting transportation; all other stores have been withdrawn, and will be here to-morrow morning. One company Forty-fifth regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry and two companies Fourth Missouri State Militia are at Tipton, one company of First Missouri State Militia at Sedalia, and two companies of Seventh Missouri State Militia at Warrensburg, the two last without transportation, and one company of First Missouri State Militia at Lexington; three companies of the Forty-fifth Regiment of Volunteers guarding the bridges at Osage and Gasconade; the balance of the First, Fourth, and Seventh Missouri State Militia and Forty-fifth Volunteers (four companies), Company L (six guns), Company C (two guns), Second Missouri Artillery, are here or soon will be.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 30, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Please send me by first train 3,000 stand of infantry arms and equipments for the Enrolled Missouri Militia called into active service.

E. B. BROWN,

brigadier-General.

