
have accepted the terms vouchsafed them by the Government. You have doubtless learned long ere this of the murder by a band of Sioux from the upper Cheyenne of three citizens on 23rd ultimo about midway between Fort Abercrombie and Georgetown on the Red River. One of the bodies, the only one that fell into the possession of the fiends, was horribly mutilated. Many days cannot elapse before the arrival of Colonel Thomas with the force under his command at Fort Wadsworth, and General Sibley is not without hopes that he may fall in with some camp or party of marauders on his way and utterly destroy them. You will continue to keep the brigadier-general commanding informed of everything occurring of interest or importance. The telegraph announces to-day the taking and occupation of Atlanta by our forces under General Sherman.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant, forwarding Colonel Harris' report, and to say that it has been this day forwarded to department headquarters. The general directs that you take such steps in co-operation with the naval commander at Brashear as will prevent the enemy from making any preparation on that end of your line. The waters about Brashear and Grand Rivers as high up as Lake Natchez should also be scoured by the navy, assisted at the same time by a cavalry force sent direct to that vicinity from Bayou La Fourche. Not only no preparations must be allowed around Brashear but the whole country this side of Grand River must be kept clear of the enemy.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 192. New Orleans, September 4, 1864

The commanding officer Fourth Massachusetts Battery will proceed without delay with his command to join the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, at Morganza, reporting on his arrival to the commanding officer at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,

Little Rock, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding, Little Rock:

GENERAL; The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has instructed General Andrews to send orders to Colonel

