
SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-2.35 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Glasgow:

Move toward Jefferson City with all dispatch, carefully sweeping the country as you go. Let Douglass complete the unfinished work in that district. Answer, giving your movements, which must be quick.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, September 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Your telegram received. I have but forty men at this post. With them and the citizens I have held Glasgow and sent every other man into the brush. After receiving your inquiry last night I immediately ordered the concentration of Kutzner's, Dyer's, and Harding's regiments and directed them to join me with all possible dispatch. Dyer will be at Rocheport to-morrow night, Kutzner the morning following, Harding soon after. Every nerve shall be strained to hasten the movements. I have messengers in every direction getting the separate detachments together.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, September 30, 1864-8.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I shall not be able to concentrate Harding's regiment for three or four days. Dyer's and Kutzner's will be at Jefferson City within two days. Is it your desire that I hasten to Jefferson City in advance of the troops?

C. B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 30, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Use your discretion as to going to Jefferson City before your troops.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MACON, September 30, 1864.

General FISK:

Major Johnston was killed, stripped, scalped, and his nose broken. His remains and those o;f Captain Smith, whose remains were worse treated than those of Johnston, were sent to their homes yesterday evening. Every facility will be gratuitously offered by the railroad company. Anderson was in command; Todd was second. Cy. Gordon was with them. A prisoner who has six bullet holes in him was placed at the head of the column by Todd and told to [count] the files as they passed and to report to you. He counted 107 sets of fours, duly offi-

