
cered, making a force of about 450 men. Only four of Johnston's escaped who were in the fight; two of them will die; only one man escaped unharmed. Two companies of Kutzner's regiment are wiped out.

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

GLASGOW, September 30, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp, Macon:

Push a messenger after Kutzner with directions that he reach here with his entire regiment at the earliest possible hour to join me against the invaders. Let the Enrolled Missouri Militia be hurried out.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Joseph, September 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Have not been able to use Hannibal and Saint Joseph for these three days. I am not in communication with Colonel Harding and know nothing of orders that have been given him. Shall send a messenger to him to-night asking him to carry out his instructions as early as possible. About 300 of his men are yet at this post-the only force we have. Enrolled Missouri Militia is not yet in working order. Trouble is anticipated in Clay County; I think nothing extensive. Colonel Shanklin when at Carrollton killed a rebel colonel and two other recruiting officers yesterday. Have you any orders? We are without orders, dispatches, or mails.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 30, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI:

Colonel J. H. Shanklin, in command of Enrolled Missouri Militia at Carrollton, on yesterday encountered a band of Confederates, and killed Colonel Peery, called Black Bill Peery, Major J. C. Cravens, and Captain D. A. Williams, and wounded another. They were recruiting officers from Shelby's brigade. Their orders and a considerable rebel mail are now in the hands of General Craig. The letters state that many such parties would start to North Missouri to recruit as soon as Shelby crossed the Osage River, and urge their rebel friends to get ready to join them when they approach the Missouri River.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, September 30, 1864.

General FISK:

I have no official news from General Douglass. Well authenticated rumors say he is pressing after the rebels in Callaway County. Colonel Dyer's forces captured two of the men who participated in the Centralia

