
Graves to return to Devall's Bluff and to convey orders to West to return to within communicating distance of this place. The general thinks that in order to render General West's reception of the order certain you had better send similar dispatches to him by land. He wishes West to be as near this place as Austin, and he thinks that by bringing the cavalry to that place they could watch Shelby and at the same time be available for the defense of Little Rock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 66. Little Rock, Ark., September 4, 1864.

* * * * *

III. The Forty-third Illinois Infantry is temporarily detached from duty as a part of the post garrison of Little Rock and will report to Colonel A. Engelmann, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Little Rock, Ark., September 4, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Captain Kehoe returned to camp last night, having gone within three miles of Benton, where he found the enemy's pickets. From citizens who had conversed with the enemy he obtained, substantially, the same information brought in by the two women of whom I notified you yesterday. I have ordered all available cavalry of this command to the camp of the Third Missouri Cavalry and have ordered that reconnoitering parties be kept well out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 35. Little Rock, Ark., September 4, 1864

I. Colonel J. F. Ritter, First Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, will immediately organize all the dismounted men of his command under competent officers for service against the enemy. On receiving information of an advance of the enemy his dismounted men will move to Fort Steele and there await orders. The mounted men of his brigade will form near the grave-yard and await orders.

II. On receiving information of the advance of the enemy the commanding officer of Fort Steele will fire three guns in rapid succession, which will be the signal for the entire command to turn out for immediate action.

By order of Brigadier General C. Bussey;

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

