
PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 1, 1864.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Little Rock:

Lieutenant Arnold, with a party of independent scouts, arrived here to-day from Little rock. He had seen nothing on the road. He Will start again in the morning.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 1, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

You will please forward the inclosed dispatches* without delay. You can see what they are and then seal. I do not wish another train to start until its safety can be insured. Concentrate all your detachments at Fort Gibson and move in all the hay. Find out where the enemy is, if possible, and inform me. My impression is that they have moved around you for the purpose of attacking another train. Use every effort in your power to guard against any surprise at Gibson. I have to-day received dispatches from Major-General Steele at Little Rock. He has received large re-enforcements, who have hone in pursuit of Price,who at last accounts was at Batesville. Name the hour at which your dispatches leave for this place.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MI., October 1, 1864-2.07 p. m.

Captain PENNOCK,

Cairo:

It seems the rebels are advancing on Saint Louis. they occupied De Soto last night. We are very anxious to learn if a column sent by Steele under Mower to follow Price is in Missouri. Would be very much obliged if you would get some messenger to him in the direction of Bloomfield, to report to you, or to any part whence speedy communication can be had. The messenger will be liberally paid.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MOUND CITY, October 1, 1864-7.25 p. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

I have sent a gun-boat to New Madrid to try to get information you require from that direction. I will try to get a messenger out in another direction. I will try to get a messenger out in another direction.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant.

---------------

* Not found as inclosures; but see Thayer to Halleck (p.475), which is probably one of the dispatches inclosed.

---------------

