
FRANKLIN, October 1, 1864-5.10 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Have just examined a servant of Major Field, Cabell's adjutant-general. He says that Price's force was left at Richwoods. When Cabell left there yesterday morning he had in his possession a general order, dated headquarters Cabell's brigade, September 25, 1864,, which is receipted on the back by four regimental commanders and addressed to the same number. This man says Price had the train with him,, about 400 wagons, though of course his estimate is unreliable. He says Cabell was not killed; was in command here to-day.

LEWIS MERRILL, Colonel.

FRANKLIN, October 1, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following is the situation here: Cabell's brigade entered the place this morning a little after sunrise, and after gutting nearly all the stores and houses in town of whatever was valuable set fire to the depot, water tanks, and workshops of the railroad company, entirely destroying them, as also a water tank below the town, and the railroad bridges across the Meramec near here and at Mozelle, and a small bridge between the Meramec and town. They wee driven out of the town about 10 o'clock by Wolfe's brigade with a loss to the enemy of 5 or 6 killed and some wounded. From here they went out the road to Union, destroying the depot and buildings at Gray's Summit, and leaving along the road within a few miles one broken-down ambulance and some thirty horses wounded and broken down. The rack of the main branch of the rail road is not seriously injured, either here or at Gray's, and will be readily repaired. I am trying now to get a party through to see what injury as been done beyond. that. In leaving here they took everything with them. The cannonading about 2 o'clock, which I mentioned before, was probably at or in the direction of Union, as it was not Gray's Summit, as at first supposed. I do not think any material injury has been done to the main stem of the road to Jefferson City. Can as yet learn nothing from beyond Gray's Summit. Will push reconnaissance out as far as my means will permit both to-night and to-morrow morning. If you will examine the copy of the order sent me by Captain Bennett, directing me to move my headquarters to Franklin, you will readily see that there is nothing whatever in it which indicated a movement of my whole command or that a night march was at all necessary.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 1, 1864-7.32 p. m.

Colonel L. MERRILL,

Second Missouri Cavalry, Franklin, Mo.:

You will see that all the approaches to Franklin are well guarded, and report to Colonel Wolfe any important information you may get. Hereafter make your reports direct to me, and as soon as I leave the telegraph line, or where I cannot receive your reports, I will inform you and you will then report to General Rosecrans until you again gear from me. The Thirteenth Missouri and Seventh Kansas are with me.

A. S. SMITH,

Major-General.

