HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., September 4, 1864.

Colonel J. F. RITTER,

First Missouri Cav., Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div.;

COLONEL; You will send at once all the available cavalry of your command to the camp of the Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, keeping out scouts on all the roads and reporting to these headquarters any information that may be obtained in reference to movements of the enemy.

By order of Brigadier General C. Bussey:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

Two women, wives of Arkansas soldiers, came in last night from the other side of the Saline. They say Price is moving his whole force in this direction, and they said that they were bound for Little Rock. They saw Price and Fagan in their camp, which occupied three-fourths of a mile on both sides of the road. They declared that they would have this place in a few days. Captain Kehoe, with about 400 cavalry, is out on the Saline. He reports no force advancing yet. Have you any news?

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK., ARK., September 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS:

I have just seen Captain Kehoe. He says Cabell's brigade is in Benton, another brigade of cavalry on the other side of the Saline and beyond is a large force of infantry and artillery; citizens report 120 pieces. Price, Fagan, and some other general were in the camp. Kehoe thinks they are moving on this place. Send dispatch boat after the troops up White River; order them back immediately. If you can communicate with General West direct him, by my orders to return to Little Rock. We have not cavalry enough to penetrate the enemy's lines, or to ascertain by reconnaissance what force is advancing upon us. The wires to Pine Bluff are not working. It is thought by some that the rebels intend going to Missouri, and are only demonstrating on this place. They have pressed all the transportation in the country, and are said to be well supplied with meal and beef. If General Washburn could send an infantry force to hold Devall's Bluff against Shelby, who will probably follow West back, I think we could hold this place by concentrating what troops we have now. At present the force here is very small. It was generally believed and reported that large re-enforcements from Texas had reached Camden, and that they were marched to support Price in his attack on this place. Please answer.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

