
JEFFERSON CITY Mo., October 1, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Sixty men of General Ewing's command have arrived at Hermann.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 1, 1864.

(Received 9.20 a. m. 3rd.)

General BROWN:

From several reasons we think Mower is close on Price's heels. The enemy appeared near Franklin last night, said to be 3,000 or 4,000 strong. Get messenger through, if possible, to McNeil at Rolla. Advise him of these facts; say also that there were rebel pickets in De Soto last night, which we are unable to explain. Tell General McNeil to feel of them with his cavalry thoroughly, and make his preparations to hunt them; to get me word, and send me what word he has from enemy; to get a messenger back to you with the information of the enemy's movements [as] soon as he receives them. Say Price has a large wagon train which we must capture, if possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 210. Jefferson City, Mo., October 1, 1864.

* * * *

3. Colonel John F. Philips, commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will move immediately, with the available force of his regiment, the Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and section of Battery C, Second Artillery Missouri volunteers, via Castle Rock, cross the Osage River, and move toward the Gasconade. After crossing the Osage Colonel Philips will so dispose of his command as to obtain all possible information of the enemy, and should he meet with the enemy he will immediately on the appearance of the enemy. A sufficient guard will be left at the ford to secure the return of the command, and Colonel Philips will gradually fall back, as compelled to, on this place, fighting every inch off the ground.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HERMANN, October 1, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The whole command is 20 commissioned officers, 311 non-commissioned officers and privates.

R. POSER,

Colonel.

