HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT CAVALRY,Mount Vernon, Mo., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BRUTSCHE,,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.:

SIR: Captain Roberts arrived at daylight this morning. I have plenty of men now and have held my position since yesterday morning. I sent out sixty men on scout, under command of Captain Morris, yesterday morning. He was met and attacked by the enemy yesterday morning, and after a sharp fight was compelled to fall back. The enemy were about 200 strong, and came within five miles of this place. I started with re-enforcements to Captain Morris at 1 o'clock yesterday, and made the rebels [fall] back from their position. They went down Spring River in the direction of Carthage. I shall start a large scout this morning in pursuit of them. As soon as the scout returns Captain Roberts will return to Springfield. They threaten burning this town. I think they will have a hard time when they undertake it. I don't think there is much over 200 of them, all told.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

GLASGOW, Mo., October 1, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

I would suggest that messenger be sent from Mexico also; one may be captured. I will put this one right through.*

C. B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Glasgow,, October 1, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B BROWN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I send inclosed telegram per orders from Major-General Rosecrans. It begins to look like warm work down stream. I shall re-enforce you with all the men I can spare in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

OCTOBER, 1, 1864-9.55 p. m.

Brigadier-General FISK, Glasgow:

Push every available man in your command to Jefferson City with all dispatch. Send messenger to General Brown. Tell him to put every citizen to work to fortify the place. Make arrangements for speedy communication between General Brown and these headquarters at once.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See inclosure to next, post.

---------------

