
Supposed to be from 80 to 150 strong, acting in concert with a force of like numbers on the Sni under Todd, and a force of 300 to 500 in Clay County, some eighteen miles north of here. They are making preparations to act in concert with Price. We hear nothing of Quantrill.

Yours, respectfully,

TOM,

Scout.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 1, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Lawrence, Kans.:

There is a report of considerable number of bushwhackers near Independence and along the border counties of Missouri. I hope the militia will continue to be ready. Price's move westward may bring him near to us, where we may have to repel him or assist in pursuit. Things look bad in Missouri and our troubles may be stimulated by Price's sweep. I think all the militia in the border counties should be on duty. Colonel Ford's regiment is under my command, but he is not yet brought out of Missouri border counties for prudential reasons.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 1, 1864.

Captain McLAIN,

Paola:

One piece of yours is here. I will send a mountain howitzer in lieu of the other unless you direct otherwise. Telegraph to Major McNutt for ammunition, so as I can send with pieces, which I will start to-morrow morning.

R. H. HUNT, Major.
HDQRS. SUB-DIST. NO.2, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans., October 1, 1864.

Captain HENRY PEARCE,

Coldwater Grove:

CAPTAIN: By direction of the colonel commanding, I forward for your information substance of telegram just received from district headquarters: " Bushwhackers are reported numerous in the vicinity of Independence and on the border. Keep your people on the alert and forward any information you may obtain." You will govern yourself accordingly, instructing your first patrols starting out after receiving this to inform the commanding officer at Rockville of the above facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA I. TABER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDEPENDENCE, October 1, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

I left two companies at Kansas City. Will not be safe to leave this place with a less number of troops, as the guerrillas are very imperti-

