
nent. Shall I leave two companies here? If I do not the town will be burned in less than three days. Send the horses to me via Kansas City.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 1, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Independence, Mo.:

Do not leave till horses arrive, and keep yourself in position to check the bushwhackers. Inform General Brown, who commands at Independence, that the town needs his care.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., October 1, 1864.

Captain T. CONKEY,

Third Wisconsin Cavalry:

Upon assuming command of Fort Zarah, in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 2, September 29, 1864, you will make your reports directly to headquarters of district. In all movements against hostile Indians you will co-operate with Major Anthony, commanding at Fort Larned, and hold yourself and command subject to his orders or the orders of all officers your superiors who may be in command of that post..

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORT KEARNY, October 1, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Saw Mr. Holliday. Have forces at Blue Station, Pawnee Ranch, here, Plum Creek, Midway, fifteen miles west; Cottonwood, fifteen miles farther; O'Fallon's Bluffs, thirty-six farther; Alkali, twenty-one farther; Beauvais, twenty-five farther, and Julesburg, twenty-five miles farther. In all, one east and nine west of this fort to Julesburg. White desperadoes attacked train from Bannock, carrying gold dust, 29th, 10 p. m., two miles west of Plum Creek. Killed 1 man, wounded 2, stole 18 horses. Party of troops pursued, but could not overtake them. Ranch burnt last night ten miles west from Plum Creek by same party, I think; some think Indians. Overland Mail Company reports Indians on the Blue. It is false. I have searched that country through. General Mitchell arrived on the 28th ultimo, and left yesterday about 2 p. m. Colonel Summers is at Cottonwood; his force distributed toward Julesburg. Will keep you advised.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

JULESBURG, October 1, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

The Indians again commenced depredations, firing into coaches and hay-cutters on the Blue. Can keep coaches moving if you will put five

