HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 4, 1864-12 m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

I was out with Major Cowan inspecting the camp of Eleventh Missouri Cavalry when your dispatch came. I have no news. I sent the Dove up yesterday with the Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, making upward of 1,200 infantry I have sent to co-operate with General West. Colonel Moore, with another regiment and freight (Thirty-third Wisconsin), was aground on Tycoon, thirty miles below here, this morning. I sent down the Rose Hamilton to help them up. The following letter was received this forenoon from General Washburn.* On the day of attack on the railroad I was also apprehensive of an attack from the Arkansas River, and communications being stopped between here and Little Rock, I informed General Washburn of what was going on. Had not I better send the Citizen immediately for re-enforcements?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, September 4, 1864

(Received 8 p.m.)

Captain DYER:

Lieutenant Woodard with thirty men from Remount Camp, who were taken to Des Arc on the Celeste last Friday morning, returned this p.m. He crossed Bayou Des Arc. Was at West Point and within four miles of Searcy and Austin. He brought back two prisoners. He reports that Shelby crossed the White River at Jacksonport the evening of August 30; said he was taking the Yankees to Batesville, where he would whip them. He had two regiments. Some Federal cavalry crossed Red River at Searcy on the 2nd; another Federal force, supposed to be General West's, crossed White River at Grand Glaize on the morning of the 2nd. Rayborne has fifty or sixty men at Brown's farm, six miles southeast of West Point, with instructions from Shelby to watch the approach of Federals. The lieutenant reports the country swarming with small guerrilla parties.

C. C. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 4, 1864-5 p.m.

Colonel WILLIAM H. GRAVES,

Commanding Expedition:

You will return here immediately with all the forces under your command. I am directed by General Steele to request General West to return to Little Rock.

Very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

*See Part II, p. 906.

