
men at each of my stations and two to four on each coach. Without this I fear my men will not remain at the stations to protect horses and forage. I very respectfully request that you adopt this plan and keep the line open. The military express will do all they can for protection.

BEN. HOLLIDAY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Taos, N. Mex., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. FRANCISCO CHAVES,

First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Fort Union, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I received last evening your letter of the 29th ultimo to Captain De Forrest and you have authority to return at once to Santa Fe and go to Los Pinos on recruiting service, as ordered early in September. It will be better for you to be on this duty than on leave, as your pay will then not be touched, and besides I count much on your influence and energy in raising men. The order for you to go to Fort Bascom was intended to keep you there until Captain Bergmann's return, as I wanted to avail myself of your prudence and your experience with reference to Indians during the present proximity of Kiowas and Comanches to that post. I do not wish those Indians to play any tricks on us as they did at Fort Larned. Captain Deus is a very good man, but he is not experienced with Indians. I will send down Colonel Abreu, to whom turn over all your instructions.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Taos, N. Mex., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FRANCISCO P. ABREU,

First Infantry New Mexico Vols., Fort Union, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I desire that you proceed without delay and assume command of Fort Bascom, for which this is your authority. You can have an escort of one sergeant, two corporals, and fifteen men of Captain Johnson's California cavalry. These men will remain with you at Fort Bascom until further orders. Report at once on your arrival at Bascom all information you can learn of the whereabouts and probable numbers of the party of Kiowas and Comanches who were said recently to be encamped near Fort Bascom, and report the exact strength of your command, the number of men you can mount, and your means of transportation and subsistence, and amount of ammunition on hand. Lieutenant-Colonel Chaves will transfer to you certain instructions which were given to him when he was ordered to Fort Bascom.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 2, 1864.

Major S. C. FARRINGTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth corps, New Orleans:

At the request of Major-General Dana, I shall send down to Bayou Sabra to-morrow morning three regiments of infantry, about 1,000 cav-

General headquarters*.

District of Colorado (Chivington).

District of Nebraska (Mitchell).

District of North Kansas (Davies).

District of South Kansas (Sykes).

District of Upper Arkansas (Blunt).

Grand to

