
alry, from four guns, under the command of Colonel Guppey, to make a demonstration toward Clinton and create a diversion in favor of a force which General Dana will dispatch in the morning from Fort Adams toward Woodville. General dana inform me that he was authorized by General Reynolds to call on me for this force. Let me hear if it is all right.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that your proposition to send troops to Bayou Sara meets his approval.

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 2, 1864.

Colonel J. J. GUPPEY,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps:

By direction of the brigadier-general commanding I have the honor to inform you that you are designated to take charge of an expedition which is to leave this point for Bayou Sara to-morrow morning at daylight. your force will consist of your present command, about 1,000 cavalry, under Colonel Haynes, First Texas Cavalry, and two sections of artillery. Five days' rations will be taken and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, with transportation sufficient for the rations and extra ammunition. The object of the expedition is to create a diversion in favor of a force which will be dispatched from Fort Adams by Major-General Dana toward Woodville to-morrow, and to keep any of the enemy which may be in the vicinity of Clinton from re-enforcing those which are near Woodville, or which may have been drawn down that way from jackson by General Dana's operations. On arriving at Saint Francisville, leaving an infantry regiment in that vicinity, with one regiment of infantry, the largest portion of the cavalry, and two guns, you will make a demonstration toward Clinton, and send the remainder of your force twenty or thirty miles toward Woodville. Unless you are fully satisfied that the enemy are not strong enough to fight you, you will not go farther with either party than a good day's march from Saint Francisville, and will not remain on the road longer than three days. You will please report to the general commanding at 1 p. m. to-day for further instructions.

Very respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 2, 1864.

Colonel J. L. HAYNES,

Commanding Cavalry Forces:

You will embark, with all the available cavalry in camp and one section of artillery, for Bayou Sara to-morrow morning at daylight, taking

