
with you five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition, with transportation sufficient to carry all over forty rounds per man and rations. Colonel J. J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, will command the force engaged in the expedition,a nd will take with him three regiments of infantry and two guns. Please report to him some time in the course of the day for instructions, and also send in to these headquarters as soon as possible a report of the number of men you will be able to take.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 2, 1864.

Major L. W. BROWN,

Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers:

You will have all your available mounted force in readiness to march at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning for a few days' scout and for foraging. Captain Williams, at Remount Camp, will be in command, and will take thirty men from his force at Remount Camp. Without further orders the party will move from the camp of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry at 7 a. m. to-morrow.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty. Vet. Vols., A. A. A. G.

(Copy to Captain Williams.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 2, 1864--10 a. m.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

SIR: I sent an order yesterday to be forwarded by you to any train on the way down from Fort Scott, directing it to return to Fort Scott. If the messengers fail to reach you you will please send such an order to the commanding officer of th train, directing it to return to Fort Scott. Your dispatches of the 29th were received yesterday. Concentrate all your detachments at Fort Gibson.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, October 2, 1864--9 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am here en route to General A. J. Smith, with dispatches from General Steele, who instructed me to inform you from this place that he has sent General Mower after Price and Shelby, with sufficient force to whip them. Mower, when last heard from, on the 22nd ultimo, was north of Batesville, marching toward Pilot Knob, in the rear of the enemy. Price was about forty hours ahead. I will go through to Saint Louis by first train.

JOHN F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

