
SAINT CHARLES, October 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I left Washington, Franklin County, Mo., this morning at daybreak, in charge of the two ferry-boats; arrived here at 4.30 o'clock. Colonel Gale with his command was ferried across the river last night, as he was unable to defend the town or railroad. He has about 600 men well armed, but with no commissary stores. He intends marching to Saint Charles. As we passed South Point, two miles below Washington, rebel cavalry fired into us about seventy-five shots fortunately only one man was wounded. We could see the depot at South Point and Washington in flames. From the best information I can get they have 1,500 in Franklin County; five pieces of artillery. Rumor says that General Ewing and Colonel Fletcher's commands have been severely handled at Leesburg. Will report on first train.

JAS. W. OWINGS,

Judge of Ninth Circuit.

VICTORIA, October 2, 1864--4.10 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have just arrived at this place under a flag of truce, which, while in the Confederate lines, was under the charge of Major Surridge, C. S. Army, who is severely wounded in the leg. He is accompanied by one Confederate soldier. I have the major on the train, and beg you to let me know by telegraph at Jefferson Barracks, or some other station, what disposition shall be made of him. I suggest that he be taken to the post hospital in Saint Louis. I came on a hand-car from Pilot Knob, leaving there on Friday at 12 m. No Confederate force there. Four bridges are burned on the road, and the track torn up in several places, in all about three-quarters of a mile; nothing but roving bands along the road. We had 10 killed and 6 mortally wounded; about 15 severely and 20 slightly wounded, Lieutenant Thompson, Fourteenth Iowa, severely, in the leg. Confederates not less than 150 killed and about 700 wounded.

S. D. CARPENTER,

Surgeon and Medical Director.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864--11.03 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH,

Carondelet, Mo.:

The general suggests Meramec Station, instead of Kirkwood, as better for your purposes.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

KIRKWOOD, October 2, 1864--9.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The Second Brigade has marched from the barracks this morning; arrived about 3 p. m.; were in camp on my arrival, 7 p. m., and will march early in the morning, and if hear further from Colonel Merrill in regard to the anticipated attack will continue on toward Franklin. Do you approve?

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

