
Bottom is here several miles wide, and Eureka lies on the slope of the valley. Railroad from Saint Louis approaches it through a deep cut which covers the Antrie road. There is another road running directly south to Hillsborough. This and Antrie road cross Meramec by fords which are not very good, and would be impassable by a small rise of the stream. North of eureka the bluffs rise to the general level of the country between Saint Louis and Manchester. The point along the railroad which covers all the approaches across the Meramec to Saint Louis is Meramec bridge. Kirkwood is of no avail for such a purpose, and is as far from Big Bend Ford as the bridge is. Any force crossing the Meramec from the south to approach Saint Louis would cross at Big Bend Ford, at Meramec Station, or at Fenton, if coming for that part of the river. Meramec Station protects all these points better than Kirkwood, besides having water which Kirkwood has not. Eureka is on no important line from the south.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864--2.04 p. m.

Colonel MERRILL:

How far have your scouts been toward Washington?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864--3 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Those of my scouts who went out last night only went a few miles beyond Gray's Summit. They are the only ones who have as yet returned. A reconnaissance was sent in that direction this morning, which has not yet returned. My scouts are out on the road to Rolla; will probably return some time to-night. The enemy are not within seven or eight miles of my front, I am satisfied, though I cannot yet learn definitely where they are. I have a number of spies in Big River Valley and south of it toward the road from Union to Richwoods. There has not been time to hear from them yet. A scout which I sent to Hillsborough and in that direction has just come in. The commanding officer of it reports that he could find nothing, not even rumor, except what came from Saint Louis. I am disposed to think that Price is moving south of the road from Union to Richwoods, probably toward Steelville or Rolla. I can hear nothing of him from anywhere, either through scouting parties of refugees. The three men of mine reported captured have come in. It proved to be a party of horse-thieves, about twenty strong.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864--3.10 p. m.

Colonel LEWIS MERRILL,

Franklin:

You are senior cavalry officer, and as senior you command such cavalry as is serving with you. Your force is co-operating with the infantry, but I do not wish you to assume command of troops other than

