
cavalry, except in cases of obvious necessity, such as a battle or an expedition under your own charge. Take the front. We must have news of the enemy's movements south and west.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864--3.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your telegram received. I have only assumed command in such an obvious case, as finding an infantry command under my junior, serving with me, and under orders from our common superior, cannot consent to report to and take orders from my junior. If that is what General Smith contemplated when he telegraphed me to report to Colonel Wolfe, I request to be relieved and ordered to Saint Louis. I supposed it was a mistake from his believing Colonel Wolfe my senior. Your orders to me were to come to Franklin and scout south and west. This has been done and is doing now, and I am making every effort to find where the enemy is. If there is anything in this way that I could do that has not been done it will be promptly done if indicated. You should remember that I have only about 500 cavalry, nearly all of whom have been constantly in the saddle for forty-eight hours scouting, marching, and picketing, under General Smith's instructions to guard carefully all the approaches to Franklin. Please indicate definitely what you wish me to do, if more than has been done and is doing.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864--5.25 p. m.

Colonel MERRILL,

Franklin:

The scouts are too cautious. We fear the enemy will get the start of us in going toward Jefferson City or Rolla. What we want to be sure of is that he is not at Richwoods, but has passed into Meramec Valley. With that point settled, we push after him without hesitation or delay. Have scouts sent to the Bourbon Valley and up the Gasconade well to the front, and give them orders to strike the head of any scouting force they meet fiercely. The enemy now think we are after them, and will imagine every attacking party strong.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864--5.39 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

An Irish employe on the railroad, evidently truthful and, I think, reliable, has just come in from the southwest. He left Stanton Station, coming this way, at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. About 9 o'clock the enemy were in small force at Stanton when he left and were moving this way along the railroad, and passed a large number while he was coming to Saint Clair, coming this way also. When he reached Saint Clair he found them in large force in the town, and was allowed to come three miles this side of there, where he stayed all night. He begged off on a plea of a sick family, and was allowed to leave there

