
about 10 o'clock this morning. The man with whom he stayed, a railroad employe, was taken before the commanding officer of the troops, whom he was told was General Price. He says in conversation with men of the picket post at the house he stayed they told him that Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby were all there; that they had not gone near Rolla, but had come across from the Iron Mountain Railroad; that another detachment had gone to Rolla. At 10 o'clock, when he was allowed to leave, they told him that he might come to Franklin; that their force would be there ahead of him anyhow, but he must in no case say anything of what he saw. I have no doubt from what he says that the whole of the enemy's main body was at Saint Clair this a. m. with Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby. My scouting parties, now out in that direction, have not yet come in. Wild be able to tell something of their movements from Saint Clair when they come in. He says he saw no artillery, but heard of it being in Saint Clair, when he was at the house three miles this side of there. I think they will move this way with at least a strong demonstration, if not a real movement, along the State road, toward Saint Louis. There is no doubt in my mind as to the entire truth of this man's story, and that the enemy had left Richwoods and moved his whole force to Saint Clair. Should he attack here I think I can hold this point at least until General Smith reaches here. Will scout in enemy's direction to-night and find, if possible, what he is doing. Please let General Smith have this report. I do not know where he is.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864--8 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Three men who were taken prisoners by the rebels at this place yesterday morning have just gotten in, having been released by the rebels at Union, at 10 o'clock this morning. They report as follows: They were taken to Union by the force which was here, and which is estimated at about 1,600 to 1,800, and found on their arrival there about as many more encamped there. They began their march out of Union at about 8 o'clock, and were two hours getting out, marching by twos. They marched out of Union west on the road to Jefferson City. A bright fire has been burning in the direction of Washington for the last hour, and is now dying out; looks like the fire of burning building. My reconnoitering party to Union have not yet come in; should be here now if it has not met with any mishap. The officer commanding party which went toward Saint Clair has returned; found a few stragglers with no information except innumerable rumors, all indicating a movement of the whole force toward Jefferson City by way of Union. I think the whole body is moving in that direction. I expect a demonstration toward me about daylight, and will be ready to move out after them. Shall do so if not otherwise ordered. Where can I communicate with General Smith?

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, October 2, 1864-9 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Reconnoitering parties this morning report that enemy was at Union last evening, about 6 o'clock, inquiring the way to Washington. A

