HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 2, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Franklin, Mo.:

The commanding general directs that you immediately send out from your post a force of cavalry, with instructions to obtain all the information possible in regard to the location of the enemy, and to report to you at once any information of importance.

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 2, 1864.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I do not understand your dispatch, just received, directing me to send out a force of cavalry to obtain information of the enemy. Such forces have been, as well as individual spies, ever since my arrival at this place and are out now. Do you wish any special force sent in any particular direction? Of course I will keep myself as well informed of the movements of the enemy as possible.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CARONDELET, MO., October 2, 1864.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arms ordered from Saint Louis Arsenal were by mistake taken to the Meramec. Colonel Melcher has ordered a certain portion of them to be returned to these headquarters, leaving enough at the bridge to arm Colonel Yerger's regiment. Scouting parties from below the Meramec report things quiet and find no enemy this side of Hillsborough, Jefferson County.

By command of General Miller:

V. B. S. REBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,

Carondelet:

The commanding general directs that you immediately send a suitable force to reconnoiter the country to the south of your line. If you have not cavalry to send, obtain an engine and send a force of infantry under a reliable officer. Direct him to ascertain, if possible, where the rebel force in that direction is, and to go as far south as he can with safety. Report at these headquarters such information of the enemy as you can get at the earliest moment.

C. THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

