
CARONDELET, MO., October 2, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

A scout, under Lieutenant Marshall, has just returned from the south side of the Meramec. Reports all quiet and enemy as far south as Hillsborough, Jefferson County.

M. MILLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CARONDELET, MO., October 2, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

General Miller has gone on the line from Larney's Ferry to Fenton. I go with a detachment south on Iron Mountain Railroad. The arms went by mule team to Meramec bridge instead of here. I can hear of no rebels in this vicinity.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

PEVELY, MO., October 2, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

I have sent fifty men from Meramec bridge to scout the country southwest. I have ninety men with me. I have reliable information that there are no rebels on the line of the road. There were a few stragglers in Potosi last night. Surgeon Carpenter is on the way to Saint Louis with a rebel major, Surridge, wounded. He takes the responsibility to bring him to Jefferson Barracks under flag of truce.

S. H. MELCHER.

MERAMEC, MO., October 2, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

I have visited De Soto; find no rebels nearer than Mineral Point. Reliable information from citizens just in is to the effect that there are considerable numbers of rebels in and about Potosi, Old Mines, &c. They are robbing indiscriminately of money, watches, &c., occasionally killing. Ben Talvold is ported in Potosi with a small force conscripting. I cannot give the numbers there, but do not think there are more than 300 or 400; some report them as many thousands; I do not think it at all reliable.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 2, 1864--8.30 p. m.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I started a force of cavalry toward Bloomfield for the purpose of trying to hear of the approach of General Mower. I have opened communication with New Madrid by telegraph and ordered the commander there to send scouts toward Chalk Bluff to see if they can learn where General Mower is. The rebels have all left this section, and I am scouring the country in all directions. The report that fifty of my men were captured at New Madrid is false; on the contrary they captured 6 of the rebels.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

