
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from department headquarters, I embarked on board the steamer Bart Able on the 29th ultimo with a detachment of two commissioned officers and eighty enlisted men of the Sixty-first Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers, and two pieces of artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Davis, Battery I, Second Missouri Artillery, and started for Cape Girardeau about 12 m., the boat not being ready before that time. Spoke the steamer Messano about 3 p. m., which boat and crossed Captain Saint Gem's company, of the Forty-seventh Missouri, stationed at Saint Genevieve, to the Illinois side. Reported that a force of 700 rebels were within six miles of that town. Stopped opposite Saint Genevieve, but learned nothing further, as the report was brought in by citizens and not afterward confirmed by their own scouts. Laid up on the night of the 29th at Chester, Ill. The citizens of that place know of no rebel force on the river. Reported the town full of people from Missouri who had fled at the approach of the rebel army. Left Chester about daylight on the morning of the 30th, but owing to a dense fog were obliged to lay up about two hours. At 10.30 a. m. the boat run on Crawford's Bar and could not be gotten off until 2 p. m.; arrived at Cape Girardeau at 4 p. m. Reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller, commanding post, who reported everything quiet in his district, and gave me the inclosed dispatches,* which give everything of importance that has transpired within he past few days. An officer had just arrived from Charleston who reported a squad of twenty-five guerrillas in that town on the 28th of September, but had been driven out by troops from below. Colonel Hiller said he would send a force down to occupy Charleston immediately, and would endeavor to protect the telegraph lines throughout his district and keep them in working order. On my return I again stopped at Saint genevieve to gain some further information concerning the rebels reported advancing on that place, and found the report false, as I had expected. From all that I could learn I am satisfied there has been no rebel force on the river. I saw nothing that had the appearance of smuggling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. McDOUGALL,

Captain, Sixty-first Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers.

PEVELY, MO., October 2, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Two men left Richwoods Thursday, and report 300 rebel troops in Old Mines, headquarters of rebel forces near Potosi. The reported force of the rebels about 3,000. They are intending to remain there until riven out. They are working all the mineral up into lead in the lead mills, and say that they will burn up the lead mills as soon as they get through with them. Lieutenant Colonel I. K. Walker and six others of the Enrolled Missouri Militia were killed at Potosi. Captain Cook of the Forty-seventh and his men in the court-house at Potosi all prisoners.

A. N. GRISSOM.

---------------

*See p. 513.

---------------

36 R R--VOL XLI, PT III

