
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864--12.45 p. m.
Colonel WANGELIN,

Commanding Illinois Brigade, Benton Barracks:

Move your command to Sulphur Springs (see map) on the Manchester road. The One hundred and thirty-sixth Illinois will not go unless equipped like the other regiments.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., October 2, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Dept. Hdqrs., Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of my command during the past four days: Wednesday night I received intelligence by my scouts of General Ewing's approach. Thursday night the track was torn up at Cuba; the station-house and one store burned. Friday morning ordered out Colonel Beveridge and 600 men of the Seventeenth Illinois Volunteer cavalry to go toward Cuba and operate for the protection of the road, supposing General Ewing would move to Saint Louis; but, learning Saturday morning that General Ewing had stopped the cars at the station of Harrison and had fortified himself there, I at once sent General Sanborn to his relief, who pushed the column to Cuba. I sent at the same time Colonel Beveridge, with his regiment, to his help and go guard General Ewing's retreat. They moved to Saint James on Saturday night about 12 m. and destroyed a large amount of public property on the train at Harrison. I had intelligence for twenty-four hours before of the train being destroyed by the enemy, and therefore did not expect to find anything to save; but, finding from one of my scouts Saturday night that this was false, I started an armed guard and repairers in a train down the road Saturday night. They proceeded to where the road had been destroyed at Cuba, when the cowardly conductor, Harris, alarmed at the idle reports of green pickets and citizens, ran the train back to this place. I am well assured now that in one hour the track could have been repaired so that the train of cars at Harrison could have been brought out. General Ewing's infantry are being brought in her from Saint James on the cars, and his battery is on the road to this place. I have sent the cars back to recover, if possible, the destroyed train, and to bring in 1,000 spades and shovels that are on the train for my use. I shall not allow them to be a loss to me if any exertions or risk can save them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.--Colonel Beveridge captured 90 head of cattle from some men who were driving them into the rebel lines last Friday night. They were in excellent condition.

UNOFFICIAL.] ROLLA, October 2, 1864--2 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Headquarters, Saint Louis:

I have the honor to report that General Ewing reached Knob View with his command, 700 men and a battery, two hours ago and will be

