
at Saint James soon, where General Sanborn is to-day. I have sent repairers to fix the track torn up for some distance at Cuba, and our spare engine to haul up the train. Sanborn will cover the attempt. I learn that there is a large amount of ammunition, stores, and implements. We must have them if possible. If we can not get them out I have ordered them destroyed. The enemy are reported in heavy force (probably Marmaduke's command) on the road at Bon Homme. I have Fort Wyman in a complete state of defense and the Star Fort is nearly completed. We work the citizens and heavy details of soldiers day and night, and are already in such a state od defense as to be able to make this place cost an enemy of any size more than it would be worth to get it. I hope soon to be able to leave the defenses, assured of their being held, and assume the offensive with the united cavalry commands of Sanborn and myself. One scout started on the 26th to look for Mower. Came back last night. he did not get through. have another out that I hope more from. Sanborn has a dispatch from Springfield, dated September 30, detailing report of a spy direct from Batesville, who left there late last week. No mention of any of our troops in that part of the State. I am trying to put up the line to-day and may be able to get a cipher message through to you. Our supply of ammunition and rations is full, and forage for ten or twelve days yet. If I could hear that a column had moved from Franklin I would make a movement from here that would drive Marmaduke from the road or crush him between us. I long for the time when I can safely leave this place to operate in the field. We have the country picketed or patrolled from Steelville to Salem and along the line to Waynesville, and keep well advised of all that goes on for twenty-five miles in our front.

3 p. m., the cars just in with part of Ewing's men from Knob View. Ewing at Saint James with the batteries, having destroyed the ammunition and arms as well as the other property and burned the cars. If the conductor, Harris, with whom I sent a good guard and ordered down last night at 10 p. m., had not got foolishly scared off, all this might have been saved. This conductor should be discharged from the road (his name is Harris). We hope soon to hear from headquarters.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

LAKE SPRING, MO., October 2, 1864.

General [McNEIL]:

SIR: I have the honor to report this morning that I have information from the whole line. Nothing of importance has transpired during the night. All is quiet within twenty-five miles around Rolla. Scouting party which I have sent, about midnight, to Salem for information just returned, and report from Captain Benz, who is stationed at said place, that he has not been able to find the enemy or any signs of them within ten miles of Salem southeast and southwest. He states that it is rumored through the country that Shelby will be up with 1,000 men to tear up the railroad by way of Steelville, which I suppose has already been done. I have about 150 men at this place, and made it a rallying point. There is stationed Companies B and L on the right; Companies D, G, and M on the left of front; extends about eighteen miles in sort of a half circle. The right wing, which is Jackson's Mills, distance eighteen miles. Left wing, stationed on Bennett's Mill road, about twelve miles from Rolla. This point is as near as possible the center of the line. I

