
have communication about three times a day along the whole line, and the officers are instructed to report to you directly, and to me if anything of importance should transpire.

Awaiting further instructions from you, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. EPPSTEIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN, Jefferson:

Put every available citizen at work to fortify your place. Let the streets be barricaded with wagons or anything at hand. The State House should be made a citadel. If any stone or brick house stands in good position on the best line of defense, use it; loop-hole it for musketry. See that your provisions and ammunition are secure from fire and capture--that you have citizens to watch over and put out fires. Don't have any wooden houses near enough the line of defense, if on fire, to drive you from it. If any are near a line necessary to be used, have them pulled down without delay. Husband your ammunition and give very careful instructions to the men to fire only when they see a fair chance to hit, and don't let anything but a skirmish fire be made until the enemy are near enough to see their heels; then to fire at their shins. You can make a line of cover against cavalry charge by two strings of logs laid parallel with your crest, and cover with a layer of rails put crosswise; have these and tangles of brush always under close fire from your line of fire, say fifty to seventy-five yards. If you cover the rails spoken of, cavalry may charge without discovering it, and you understand what will be the result. Send your disabled, useless animals across the river. Be careful not to get cut off from water. Remember Lexington.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Saint Louis:

My cavalry are looking for the enemy to the east, but no report of them yet. Brigadier-General Fisk's command is expected to-morrow. The work of intrenching is progressing favorably. Arms and ammunition for General Douglass have arrived. All quiet to the west. Citizens are on the alert and concentrating. You may rely on having a good account from us. Paymasters from Springfield have reached Sedalia.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 2, 1864.

General BROWN, Warrensburg, Mo.:

I am told Price has cut the line at Franklin. What is your news? If Price comes toward you I will back you up as well as I can. Keep me posted.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

