HDQRS. SEVENTH PROVISIONAL REGIMENT CAVALRY,Mount Vernon, Mo., October 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.:

SIR: The scout sent out by me a few days ago has returned without effecting anything. They could not overtake the rebels; followed them to Carthage. They got information that there were about 400 of them. I also have information, which I think tolerable reliable, that the rebel Brooks is in War Eagle, in Madison County, Ark., with from 500 to 700 men, and intends making a raid in this section in a few days. I have about 300 effective men. I would like if you would send Company B, of my regiment, and Company D, of the Forty-sixth Infantry, if circumstances would permit. Give me all the information in regard to the raid east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Glasgow, October 2, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I have directed the Thirty-ninth, Forty-third, and Forty-ninth Regiments Infantry, Missouri Volunteers, to concentrate and march to Jefferson City with all possible dispatch. These regiments were in scattered detachments hunting bushwhackers when your order reached me. Two of them will probably reach Jefferson City to-day; I shall join them to-night. The Forty-third will be delayed in reaching Jefferson City, as their place must be supplied in the northwest by the Enrolled Missouri Militia. General Douglass has been directed to use his utmost energies in hunting out the guerrillas who are constantly increasing in numbers and villainy. I have endeavored to secure the most important towns, especially county seats, against capture and destruction; am affording all the protection I can to 500 miles of railroad, the bridges, and stations. Will establish district headquarters at Macon City.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, October 2, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY:

Orders were forwarded to you on 29th to get ready to go into the field. The general goes south of the river to repel the invaders. You had better send his trunk with mine. Send yours to express office for further orders if you think best. When did [the] general modify the order for Harding to move?

CLARKE,

Aide-de-Camp.

