
MACON, October 2, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Advise me at the earliest possible moment when Colonel Harding's regiment will move. The North Missouri Railroad will take them to Mexico, whence they will go by land to Jefferson City. Crowd them through as quickly as possible. When will you come down? Answer.

By order, &amp;c.:

W. T. CLARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Joseph, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Have received no orders directing Colonel Harding to march. He can do so if desired, though it would leave us entirely unprotected. His major and officers of six companies have not received their commissions. Colonel Harding was here to-day; expects orders. One of his companies is not armed. If they went via Saint Louis they could doubtless be secured. General Craig has ordered 200 militia, commanded by Major W. D. McDonald, to rendezvous at Hamilton. They are coming in rapidly. There is no trouble in particular in this part of the district. I hear nothing more from Clay County. General Craig has issued orders to bring out more militia, but it will take several days to get them on a war footing.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOE, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Your dispatch has just [been] received. I am at a loss to determine whether you desire Colonel Harding's command to move as directed. Will he go and what route shall he take? Dispatches were sent yesterday at Boonville, informing you that this removal will leave us entirely [unprotected], and the Enrolled Missouri Militia comes out slowly. General Craig complains that nearly all the effective portion of the force has gone into the one-year's service. I am ready to join you when ordered. Shall Salmon come with me?

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, October 2, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Let Harding's regiment remain with you until safe to spare him. Let him be concentrating at Saint Joe meantime, and be ready to move this way via Weston and steamers down the river. Direct Doctor Porter to come by first boat from Leavenworth. We shall probably meet Price at Jefferson City to-morrow.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

