
CHILLICOTHE, October 2, 1864.

General CRAIG, Saint Joseph:

General Fisk has ordered me to concentrate my regiment and move to Macon to-night. Emergency pressing. Please order Pinger to get his men together and move by train from Saint Joe immediately, stopping at Cameron and Hamilton to pick up detachments. Please order transportation to Macon for 870 men and four car-loads of baggage.

CHESTER HARDING,

Colonel Forty-third.
HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, October 2, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM FORBES, Macon:

COLONEL: You will immediately, after the assembling of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, recently ordered out with directions to report to you for duty, detail 200 of the most reliable of them under good officers and order them to Keytesville, to hold that post, protect the citizens of that region, and thoroughly scout the country. You will particularly charge the officer in command to restrain his men from depredations upon the citizens. Remember that the mission of the soldiers is to put down and not to create disorder. I go to Jefferson City to-day to join the army against Price. You will hear from me by messengers. Keep everything snug. Be vigilant and energetic. Enforce the most rigid discipline. The crisis is upon us. A few more weeks and all will be safe.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Glasgow, October 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS, Mexico, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am ordered to Jefferson City with all the troops I can concentrate. My headquarters will be on this side of the river, opposite to Jefferson City, for the time being, where messengers can find me. You will order all the First Iowa to join me there at the earliest moment you can relieve them. The Enrolled Missouri Militia, recently ordered out, will soon be on duty, and you will call out such force in addition as you may deem best. Suspend business in all towns where it will aid in preparing for defense. Compel citizens to do guard duty, hold towns, bridges, &c., and escort trains. Let me hear from you as frequently as possible.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH,

October 2, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: What is your news? Has Price reached Washington or Franklin? Do you get dispatches from Glasgow? I have reports of bushwhackers near Independence on both sides of the river. Can I do anything to help the cause in Missouri?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

