
horses that would answer. I have returned here. Shall leave at this point Eighth Missouri, Ninth Iowa, and Tenth Illinois, and recommend that the entire [force] of those three regiments be stationed here for some time. If they are not to remain please send 3,500 rations, bread, coffee, sugar and salt, to them to-morrow. If they are to be stationed here send 10,000 full rations half only of bacon, starting some to-morrow. The Third Michigan goes to Brownsville, the Eleventh Missouri to Devall's Bluff, the cavalry from Little Rock, will return there. Please have the morning train wait until I can reach Brownsville at noon to-morrow. I remained at Grand Glaize until 10 a.m. September 1. My scouts left Augusta Landing at sundown August 31. As no boats had then reached that point I despaired of any co-operation on the river. With 1,800 men and two pieces of artillery I was not strong enough to cross at Batesville, and overtaking Shelby, unless he chose that I should do so, was out of the question.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General.

I can supply the 3,500 rations from this post, if necessary, but could not do more. I sent twenty men across Bayou Metoe south this morning, who proceeded to a point eighteen miles distant from here. On their return they were ambushed at a placed where flanking was impossible and 2 men killed, 2 or 3 captured. The attacking force is thought to number forty. Have sent to ascertain further. No evidence of any considerable force in that direction.

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding,.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 4, 1864- 9 p.m.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding Expedition.

Carry out your programme as indicate in your dispatch of this date from Austin.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 4, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I am satisfied that a large raid is on foot, to be led by Price, Marmaduke, and Shelby. They will have 10,000 or 12,000 men, all mounted. My scouts inform me that six days ago Shelby had returned to Batesville, after a successful raid on the railroad between Devall's Bluff and Little Rock, and that rations were then being issued for ten days for 12,000 men. Shelby had 4,000 men, and Price and Marmaduke were said to have crossed the Arkansas and daily expected at Batesville. My advices from General Steele are very vague and unsatisfactory. I had reports that Pine Bluff and Saint Charles were captured and Devall's Bluff threatened and sent General Mower, with his division, 4,000 strong, to the relief of our forces. I have just heard from Commodore Phelps, U. S. Navy at mouth of White River, that Saint Charles has been evacuated, but Pine Bluff is not captured. I have sent 2,000 cavalry into Arkansas to operate with General Steele. General A. J. Smith will be at Cairo in four or five days, en route for General Sherman.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

