
SAINT JOSEPH, October 2, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I think it true that Price has Franklin and Washington. General Fisk telegraphed me this a. m. from Glasgow via Boonville and Sedalia. He goes to Jefferson City with all the available force of this district as rapidly as possible. An engagement is expected at or near the capital on to-morrow. Thank you, general, for your kind offer. We may need to call on you. We have only a very limited number of Enrolled Missouri Militia to fall back on. You know how much such troops are worth.

Very respectfully,

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 2, 1864.

(Received 8.40 a. m. 3rd.)

General GEORGE SYKES,

Lawrence:

Price has moved westward and has intersected river and railroad at Washington and Franklin. All the movements in Missouri and Arkansas tend to drive him farther west. What is the position of the militia? We better collect forces at Olathe. I think General Deitzler better call out all troops available for that point. Let me know so I can have provisions made for them.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SUB-DIST. Numbers 2, DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, October 2, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 29th ultimo, per Lieutenant Robinson, engineer officer, regarding the erection of winter quarters and the location of troops for the winter, &amp;c. In reply, I would state that the troops are now stationed about as I would have them, with the following exception: Four cavalry companies here, including the two now at Fort Scott, Captain McLain's battery returning to Lawrence, which I would consider a sufficient command for that point. The command at Aubrey should be moved about thee miles north onto the timber of the Blue, where shelter would be found and water and fuel not now accessible. Captain Pearce, at Coldwater Grove, has entered substantial fortifications and got his men comfortably situated, reflecting great credit on him as an officer. The only thing lacking there is lumber to roof and neat up matters. Steps have been taken to supply the commands where they now are with forage and fuel, so that all that is needed is lumber, nails, &c., to shelter the men and animals.

Respectfully submitted.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

