
Indian hostilities, is just received. In your communication of the 29th of August you say that the Navajo war may be considered as over. Dispatches received from General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, announce that Indian hostilities on the plains have entirely ceased, and trains to New Mexico and Colorado are in no danger whatever. Instead of sending more troops into the Indian country, General Grant is of opinion that part of those now there should be withdrawn. As the rebel forces in Texas are sufficiently occupied elsewhere, there can be very little danger of any new attempt to invade New Mexico. The only use of troops there will probably be to operate against small roving bands and to guard the Indian reservations. In anticipation of the reduction of your command by expiration of term of service, you were authorized to call upon the Governor for such troops as you might deem absolutely necessary. You were at the same time informed that it would not be possible to send you re-enforcements from the East. Whether or not ay can be spared from the Pacific Coast cannot now be determined.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WINGATE, N. MEX.,October 2, 1864.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of New Mexico:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the recovery of the Navajo herd from the Apaches. One Apache killed. They were overtaken near their rancheria, about 150 miles from this post, and were surprised in the morning just before daylight. The Apaches probably considered themselves safe. Only five Indians followed the Apaches until they were overtaken. The soldiers and Indians came in last night with the herd, soldiers mounted on Indian horses. The Indians had a great powwow last night. All the animals were recovered, sixty-four in number. Only two colts lost returning. The other Apaches escaped with nothing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major First Cavalry New Mexico Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: In a private letter to me General Canby urges the importance of an officer of rank, ability, and tact being sent by you or the Secretary of War to examine into all matters of his military division. In order, he says, to have this inspection or examination produce the proper effect and the reports made have the proper weight, the officer sent should be entirely independent of him and and act only upon instructions from higher authority. I presume, from information from other sources, that he alludes mainly to alleged peculations in cotton and illicit trade with the enemy, said to have been countenanced or connived at by officers of high rank. As such as investigation would

