
Colonel Baldwin, commanding at Morgan's Ferry. A deserter who has just come into our lines informs us that the enemy mostly harbors about New Texas and in the vicinity of Patrick's plantation, concealing int eh thickets and canebrakes, rendering it very difficult to come at them; but the general directs that you send your cavalry, or the largest portion of it, to scour the country thoroughly from Simsport down toward New Texas and this place, and if possible capture the enemy, with two men taken from us this morning. You report of the crossing of the Atchafalaya and operations on the other side has been received and is very satisfactory. The above is communicated by direction of the general commanding.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BALDWIN,

Commanding Forces at Morgan's Ferry:

I am directed by General Lawler to inform you that the party of five men who came from Simsport this morning were chased by a force of the enemy about fifty strong, who succeeded in capturing two of them. It is the wish of the general that this party should be captured if possible; and to secure this he directs that you send fifty of your cavalry up the river toward Simsport with instructions to communicate with Colonel dye, to destroy all the boats and means of crossing, and to watch all the crossings of the river, while the cavalry under Colonel Dye scours the country between Simsport and this place. You will also send one-half of your remaining cavalry down the river to destroy the boats and guard the crossing below Morgan's Ferry; the rest keep in camp in readiness to move to the assistance of either party if it should be necessary. You might send detachments of infantry up toward Simsport to aid the cavalry in watching the river, if the latter should not be sufficient. A copy of this communication will be sent to Colonel Dye for his guidance, and you will please co-operate with him heartily int he effort to rid the country this side of the Atchafalaya of all armed foes.

Respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. Little Rock, Ark., October 3, 1864.

The division will proceed at once to prepare winter quarters. Brigade commanders will assign ground for the camps of their respective regiments in compliance with verbal instructions heretofore given by the brigadier-general commanding division. Battery commanders will report in person at these headquarters for special instructions.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

