
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 58. Little Rock, Ark., October 3, 1864.

I. The One hundred and twelfth and One hundred and thirteenth Regiments, U. S. Colored Infantry are hereby assigned to the post of Little Rock, and the commanding officers will report to Colonel A. Engelmann, commanding post, without delay.

II. Colonel A. Engelmann, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, and post of Little Rock, will assign to the One hundred and twelfth and One hundred and thirteenth Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry suitable camping-ground on the north side of the river.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

A brigade of cavalry will leave here early to-morrow morning for Pine Bluff. They will go down on the north side on account of forage. If General Dennis' division does not arrive at Devall's Bluff to-day I will send a regiment of infantry from here on steamer at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. There will be at least 1,000 cavalry in the brigade. Put your effective cavalry force with them, drive in the rebel pickets on the Monticello road, and develop their force, unless you can make a better use of them.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

BROWNSVILLE, October 3, 1864.

(Received 6.25 p. m.)

Captain DYER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Dyckman, of my regiment, sent out on the 1st instant with 200 men in the direction of Arkansas Post, has returned. He went within sixteen miles of that place and learned that no considerable number had crossed the river. General Parsons is in the vicinity of Arkansas Post, with a cavalry force said to be 6,000 strong, but has not crossed as yet, except in small parties. The captain surprised a camp of about forty guerrillas near the junction of Bayou Metoe and Bayou Two Prairie and captured 22 horses, 25 stand of arms, and all their saddles, blankets, and a large amount of clothing. Had he known the locality of the camp he could have struck them all. I have scouted the country south of Bayou Metoe and believe from information obtained that the enemy has not crossed the Arkansas River in any force of importance. The bayous are very high, and it is almost impossible to ford them. The captain did not succeed in getting any beef-cattle.

G. MOYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that your order one brigade of cavalry to march to Pine Bluff, on its arrival to report

37 R R--VOL XLI, PT III

