
to Brigadier-General Clayton. The command will march on the north side of the Arkansas River, taking such a road as much forage will be found upon. They will take three days in making the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., October 3, 1864.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your command, except two squadrons, to Brownsville. You will instruct the officer left in command at Austin to keep the cavalry to the north, northeast, and northwest, which scout and give timely notice should the enemy return from Missouri. Upon arriving at Brownsville you will encamp in the vicinity of that place and report your arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864.

Colonel A. STAGER:

The rebel General Price, with a force estimated at 10,000 cavalry and fourteen pieces of artillery, is somewhere on the line of the Southwest Branch Pacific Railroad. He entered the State in the southeast and compelled our forces to evacuate Pilot Knob, terminus of the Iron Mountain Road, after which he destroyed some bridges on this railroad, and crossed over to the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad, burning depot at Franklin and some bridges south of that point. We have abandoned New Madrid, Bloomfield, Jackson, Charleston, Fredericktown, Patterson, Pilot Knob, Mineral Point, Irondale, and De Soto. Offices on the southeast lines only work eighteen miles in that direction, and his occupation of the Southwest Branch Pacific Railroad cuts off Fort Smith, Cassville, Springfield, Lebanon, Waynesville, Rolla, and Saint James, which we cannot hear from, and is no doubt overrun by his detached parties. Nothing is known of the condition of things on the main branch Pacific Railroad, no trains or troops being sent that way, and lines down.

R. C. CLOWRY,

Superintendent Military Telegraph.

COLUMBUS, October 3, 1864--8.26 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I am desirous of information as to the location of troops in your command stationed near this department that may be used in case of emergency in suppressing any disturbance attending the draft. Also please send me any map you have that may give me information as to location of your troops.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

