
CAIRO, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a letter received in explanation from the Associated Press:

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864.

The rebel General Shelby in Southeast Missouri. The above general was at Hornersville on Thursday last with a force reported 5,000 strong. On Friday they broke camp,3,000 going in the direction of Cape Girardeau, 1,000 in the direction of Bloomfield, and 1,000 toward New Madrid and Charleston. They are doubtless on a recruiting and plundering expedition, many citizens in those counties being scared at the near approach of the draft, and an abundance of corn and hay for their horses to subsist on if they come to Charleston. Captain Ewing, the commander of the post, is prepared to give them a warm reception.

A UNION MAN.

The writer of this is supposed to be the editor of a paper in Charleston.

Very respectfully,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 4, 1864

Major WILSON,

Commanding Pilot Knob, Mo.:

Send five best companies of cavalry to Cape Girardeau at once. If you think you cannot spare so many send four companies. I think the garrison at Patterson may be reduced to one company, if it is not already done. As to this, however, use your own judgment. Send the section of howitzers. Let them get there day after to-morrow. Answer.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO.,

September 4, 1864.

General EWING:

Captain Edwards, commanding at New Madrid, informs me that he learns through rebel sources that some 4,000 of Shelby's omen are at Hornersville, Dunklin County. I place but little reliance in the report. Have sent spies in Dunklin and have sent a force from Bloomfield and New Madrid toward Kennett.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding

SEDALIA, September 4, 1864.

Captain STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I got in last night from a scout. The men that robbed Tipton were eighty-eight strong, commanded by Todd. I found their camp yesterday at Marshall's Ford on the La Mine; probably left last evening. We had not men enough to attack them.

WM. ARGO,

Lieutenant, &amp;c.

