
Brigadier General H. E. Paine, will take post at Schofield Barracks, and report to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Saint Louis District, for duty.

* * * * * *

7. Colonel N. Cole, chief of artillery Department of Missouri, will turn over the command of the batteries of his regiment ordered to report to him for drill and re-organization to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Saint Louis District.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864-8.10 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH, Commanding, Kirkwood:

General Pike, with militia, ordered to report to you yesterday. Move him to Kirkwood; he is now at Laclede Station. Use your judgment about cavalry. As you approach Merrill relieve him by the other cavalry and let his men of the duty nearest Saint Louis.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

KIRKWOOD, October 3, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One of General Ewing's men cut off at Leasburg, on the railroad, thirty miles from Rolla, has just come in, and reports General Ewing marching toward Rolla, still skirmishing with the enemy when he left. The general has a battery with him. This was on Thursday night. Ewing had about 1,000 men.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

KIRKWOOD, October 3, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

My two brigades are on the Manchester road to Franklin. The other road reported impracticable for artillery and wagons. I have ordered General Pike to move up his command to this point. Colonel Herrick, Seventh [Kansas] Cavalry, has been ordered to cross the river at Fenton and march upon the south side of the river to Eureka, scouring the country as he goes. I wild leave orders for General Pike to throw forward a force to Meramec Station. Infantry can move from that point forward to Franklin, if necessary. The Twenty-fourth Missouri remain here.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864--10.10 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH:

General Pleasonton will relieve Seventh Kansas by other troops. Send them where you wish.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

