
KIRKWOOD, October 3, 1864--11 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered the Twenty-fourth Missouri to remain here until the arrival of General Pike. I leave also the telegraph operator. I move with the column by land to Franklin. Any important dispatches will follow me to-day. Telegraph here until night.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 3, 1864--11 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

I arrived this evening, leaving my two brigades on the Manchester road, near the junction of the roads. I will not bring the command to this place, but march it in the morning to Gray's Summit, the junction of the Meramec and North Branch Railroad, ready to march on the direct road to Jefferson City. Cars can run to Gray's Summit and bring on supplies to that point. I can order up a detachment of General Pike's command to garrison this place and move Wolfe's brigade to the Summit also by rail or land. The cavalry I will dispose of to the best advantage, leaving the Merrill Horse on the line it now occupies until further orders. The enemy have undoubtedly gone to Jefferson City.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864--11 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Franklin:

Your proposed dispositions are approved. Let all of Pike's command remove to Franklin, and send scouts out to the river to look for our messenger boat when she goes up. Find the best road to embark on steam-boat. Should we learn that the enemy crosses the Gasconade get information of their wagon train and of the best fords on the Gasconade and Osage for artillery. Inquire if the country between the two rivers is traversable to Waynesville by train and let me know.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

IN THE FIELD,

Forty-five Miles West of Cape Girardeau,

October 3, 1864--6 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Unless I am attacked to-morrow I will be in Cape Girardeau on the 5th. Please send boats and orders to meet me on my arrival. I shall greatly need forage, rations, and boats. My men are destitute. I have marched from Brownsville, Ark.

J. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding.

