
KIRKWOOD, October 3, 1864--11.45 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The following dispatch for Major-General Smith has just been received. As he has moved toward Franklin, I forward it to you:

FRANKLIN, October 3, 1864--11.30 a. m.

A movement of the enemy is reported on the Manchester road and north of it. I think it nothing but a party of observation, and have sent out to drive them off. They cannot pass between me and the Meramec River without my being informed of it.

LEWIS MERRILL.

J. K. MILLS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixteenth Army Corps.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864--2.15 p. m.

Colonel MERRILL,

Franklin:

What is your news? Has the enemy gone to Jefferson City or Rolla? If possible, handle the enemy's rear guard of observation so roughly that they will be careful hereafter. Let us hear from the Union scouts.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 3, 1864--2.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Reconnoitering parties are on the track of the enemy; he is undoubtedly gone toward Jefferson City. General Smith telegraphed me this morning to keep everything here until he saw me. He left Kirkwood by the Manchester road at 10 o'clock this a. m.; should be here by night. My scout to Union went into the town and sharply attacked the enemy. I appeared to be their rear guard, and developed such superior numbers that the officer in command thought it prudent to retire, having captured a lieutenant of engineers and a private of Marmaduke's division, and killed a couple of the enemy, getting off with one horse killed. From what I can learn, I infer that the whole of the enemy's force has passed through Union en route to Jefferson City, except small parties of observation, which are now being hunted out and driven in. I judge the enemy's force to consist as follows: Marmaduke's Shelby's, Fagan's, and Cabell's divisions, probably each 3,000 strong, with some recruits and conscripts picked up through the country, amounting perhaps to a couple of thousand in numbers; nothing in efficients. They have about fourteen pieces of artillery, two of them rifled 6-pounders captured at Marks' Mills in Arkansas from Stange's battery. This lieutenant is not very communicative, but my staff got him drunk last night, and the above is what I can gather from him and other sources. He says that they have not yet touched Rolla, and do not intend moving that way until after the movement to Jefferson City; that they have come with the intention of remaining in Missouri, expecting all the disloyal element to rally to them. He says, also, that General Price was informed a day or two since by one of his men who had been left at Batesville on a furlough that General Steele had reached Batesville before this man

