
left there; that so far as he knew they were not aware of any force moving up behind them, but supposed Steele would be entirely occupied by the demonstrations made upon him by what force was left in Arkansas, and so prevented from following. All my information last night and this morning has been given to General Smith. All my cavalry are out on the track of the enemy. I fear I will be broken down again; am scarcely able to walk or ride, but will stick it out as long as I can.

Respectfully,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 3, 1864--3.45 p. m.

Colonel L. MERRILL,

Franklin:

The commanding general says dispatch received and satisfactory. How far is it from Franklin to nearest point on Missouri River for embarking troops, and what is condition of the roads? Would it not be possible to push messengers through from you to Rolla?

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FRANKLIN, October 3, 1864--4 p. m.

Major F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

The railroad is certainly in good order, or very nearly repaired as far as Augusta Station,

-----

miles from here and two miles from the river, and I think uninjured as far as South Point, which is on the river, fifteen miles from here. Will know positively about the latter some time to-night. The nearest point on the river wold be some point near Labaddie, and the roads not very good, but practicable for all arms. I think I can push a message through to Rolla. It should, however, be in cipher, if possible, as I would endeavor to send it by the hands of an individual man, and send two or three, in the hope that one of them will get through. I think it practicable to get a message through in that way. The Manchester road, on which Smith's column is marching, crosses the railroad at Gray's Summit, which is five miles nearer the river than this place.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 3, 1864--7 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

An engineer on the Pacific Railroad was captured by the rebels in this place; has just come in, having been released by them at their camp beyond Union. He says that all their captures were after leaving Union. They took the road to Jefferson City to the point at which the Springfield road turns off to the left and then took that road to the place where they camped, about two miles beyond. This road leads by Lane's Prairie, and there are several points at which roads turn to Jefferson City beyond where they were when this man left them. He saw the whole of their force and estimates that in columns

