
CARONDELET, MO., October 3, 1864.

Colonel MARSH:

By the return of a scouting party sent out last evening, and from civilians of Jefferson County here this morning, I learn that no rebels in force are to be found north of De Soto and east of Richwoods mines. There are, however, a few squads of guerrillas roving about destroying the property of Union men. A small portion of my command is mounted and would like authority to press horses enough to mount another company to enable me to send out a scout sufficiently strong to drive off or destroy any of those bands that I might on counter.

M. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

CARONDELET, MO., October 3, 1864.

Colonel MARSH:

I have just returned from the Meramec. I learn from a scout that has been two miles beyond Hillsborough and from citizens that no rebel force is this side of Potosi, where they are reported to have a command stationed.

M. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General M. MILLER,

Commanding, Carondelet:

You will send one regiment of your command, together with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois, on to-morrow to the bridge below Victoria, with orders for the commanding officer of the forces immediately to fortify his position, sending out strong pickets on the south and west. You will occupy your present posts on the Meramec with the remainder of your force. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois will report to you at Carondelet to-morrow on board the train, provided with all the necessary intrenching tools, and therefore had better precede the train which takes the regiment at the Meramec bridge. Acknowledge receipt of all important dispatches and report your progress in preparing for this movement before 8 o'clock this p. m. Colonel Melcher has been directed to assist you. Rebuild the bridge below Victoria at once.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,

Carondelet:

The commanding general directs that you at once garrison the block-houses on the Iron Mountain Railroad as far down as Victoria. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry will be sent to you for the purpose of relieving a portion of your command, or it will be sent

