
to Victoria to rebuild the bridge near there. You will consult with the superintendent of the road in regard to rebuilding the bridge. You will also provide yourself with intrenching tools so that when the force goes down to protect the rebuilding the bridge they can at once intrench. The Illinois regiment will go down to-night or in the morning. Inform commanding officer of the Seventh Kansas cavalry, now at Fenton Ferry or vicinity, that his command is relieved from duty there, and will receive orders from Major General A. J. Smith.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARONDELET, MO., October 3, 1864.

Colonel MARSH:

I am in receipt of two telegrams in relation to the troops on Iron Mountain Railroad. Have ordered three companies of the Third Regiment to be at the Meramec bridge by to-morrow at 8 a. m., to meet railroad train for distribution along the line of road, and have ordered the Eightieth Regiment now at Meramec bridge to hold themselves in readiness to move with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois to the Victoria bridge. I go down to the Meramec to-night to see that all will be in readiness.

MADISON MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

MERAMEC BRIDGE, October 3, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

I have inspected the troops as far as Fenton, except some on duty on outposts. Have ridden over forty miles. There are no rebels in this vicinity. I learned at Fenton that a detachment of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry has gone to Richwoods. Colonel Smith's regiment, Eighty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia, is in fine condition. Colonel Smith is very active and attentive, and his men look well. The fords and bridges are now well guarded, and mounted men are constantly moving on south side of river.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

MERAMEC BRIDGE, MO., October 3, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

This command is now about 400 strong, well-armed, and in fair condition for militia just called out. Horses for 100 mounted men can be easily obtained if authority for subsistence is given. They will be valuable for scouting purposes on the lines. There are some seventy-five citizens here whom I have directed Colonel Yerger, commanding, to retain and use for the present. They are desirous to go to their homes in Jefferson, Washington, and other counties. I do not think it prudent to allow it.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

