
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

General McCormick arrived here from Pilot Knob last night. He claims that he is in direct command of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, and is making details from and issuing orders directly to them. He wishes to make movements which I think altogether injurious. Have I complete control of all the troops in this sub-district; or are the Enrolled Missouri Militia under control of General McCormick? There is no ill-feeling between the general and me on this subject, only a difference of opinion. Please answer immediately.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

The commanding general directs that you immediately send such force as you can spare from your post, with what ambulances you have or spring wagons you can get. From information received here the general does not believe there will be any force of the enemy found, and, except at the lead mines near Potosi, no rebel force in the country. Two regiments go from here as far as De Soto to-morrow to rebuild the bridge, and the whole road will be occupied at once. Acknowledge the receipt of this and report what you do.

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,October 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: General Ewing will be the bearer of this, and as he is fully advised of my intentions will inform you of them. He will also state our condition to meet the enemy at this point. I believe you will fully approve of the move I am making, and I trust to a kind Providence to make it successful. I can say to you that it is fully concurred in and heartily co-operated with by the gallant soldiers with whom I am associated.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 156. Rolla, Mo., October 3, 1864.

* * * * * *

9. Lieutenant John Sanger, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, will report with the section of mountain howitzers under his command to

