
Captain J. J. Sutter, Second Missouri Battery,* and will keep himself in readiness to march at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning. Captain J. J. Sutter, Second Missouri Artillery, will take command of all the artillery in the expedition about to leave this place, and will report at headquarters to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, with one section of his battery, Montgomery's battery, and the section of mountain howitzers under Lieutenant Sanger.

10. Major Samuel A. Garth, commanding detachment Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will report with his command to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock to General Ewing at the Grant Hotel, and escort him to Jefferson City, and await the arrival of the main column of this command there, when he will rejoin in without delay.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General John McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LAKE SPRING, MO., October 3, 1864--9 a. m.

General [McNEIL]:

SIR: I have to inform you this morning that we still remain in the same position as per last report. The information received from the whole line is of the same nature as yesterday, with the exception that signs indicate of movements of stragglers and other sympathizers in all directions and by-roads. We have picked up a good many and I deem it necessary to detain them till I am satisfied that there is no harm in their release. Some of the more suspicious characters I will forward to Rolla. Company G, from our left wing, had a slight encounter with a small band of prowling marauders, in which they killed 3. One of them belongs to the notorious Lennox family. The information gathered and received last night from Captain Benz, stationed at Salem, is that he struck a trail of a party moving in the direction of Houston, Texas County, which he followed up, and learned that they were moving north in the direction of Jefferson City. He was not able to learn the name of the commander or the strength. I have sent out two scouting parties this morning from this point, twenty-five men each, under the commands of Captain Muller and Lieutenant Storz. The former will scout the country between this point (Salem) and the Iron-Works. The latter will scout the country between this and Licking Settlement, both to report back this evening. The whole command is at work vigilantly, and there need be no fear entertained that anything will happen without you will be timely advised of it.

With this I close my report this morning, hoping that it is satisfactory, while I remain, yours, respectfully,

JOS. A. EPPSTEIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia.

P. S.--It is necessary that I should be furnished with five days' rations for twenty-five men, to enable me to feed guides and prisoners, which I am obliged to detain, as the country does not afford the necessary subsistence.

J. A. E.

---------------

*Battery B, Second Artillery.

---------------

