
JEFFERSON CITY, October 3, 1864--8.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The suggestions for defense you made have been taken, and many others presented by the situation. My cavalry is on the Gasconade and scouting to the east. Dispatches have been sent to General McNeil and stores are in safe positions.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 3, 1864.

(Received 4th.)

General ROSECRANS:

Telegrams with instructions have been received. Every precaution you have suggested and many more prompted by the situation have been made. My cavalry are holding all the fords below, with several small parties scouting on the flank and front of colonel Philips, who is on the road between Castle Rock and Vienna with about 800 men. I have sent your telegram of the 1st to General McNeil by two scouts, and also informed him of my situation. If Price takes Jefferson City he will have to fight for it.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Sixty men of General Ewing's command have arrived at Hermann.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 3, 1864.*

Directs Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden to move with all the available mounted force of his command to Bolton's Ford, on the Osage River. Will act as escort to train transporting rations to Colonel Philips' command. His command will be prepared with axes to fell trees across the roads into the river at all places where there are fords and where there are places of exit on this side by swimming. Passages for our troops on their return should be so arranged that they can be readily closed after they have effected a passage, also to co-operate with all troops now in the Osage county, if necessity requires it.

A. R. CONKLIN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOLTON'S FORD, October 3, 1864--9 a. m.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have all the fords guarded on the Osage River for eight miles up to Dixon's Ford. I have sent a scout out ten miles on Vienna road as a picket.

G. W. KELLY,

Major Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

---------------

*From brief in Letters-sent book Post of Jefferson City.

---------------

