
JEFFERSON CITY, October 3, 1864.

Colonel J. D. CRAWFORD, Sedalia:

I have ordered a train to Sedalia to supply you. Keep all your force. Take possession of buildings necessary to quarter your force. Those who have no arms will be worked on the fortifications. Press all citizens into the work on the fortifications.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 3, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Arrived here at noon to-day. My troops have commenced arriving. Two thousand will be here to-morrow morning, others will rapidly follow; have ordered every available man within reach. Preparations for the defense of Jefferson City are progressing finely. The capitol will be made a citadel and a line of brick buildings on High street will cover a large force of defenders. Long line of rifle-pits are being dug. I am confident that Jefferson City will not fall into the hands of the invaders. I will devote the best energies I have to the concentration of troops and pushing the preparations for defense. We have no later information from the enemy. All quiet and undisturbed at Hermann at 1 o'clock to-day, and Washington had not been occupied by a single rebel soldier at 6 o'clock this morning. This I get from the operator at Saint Aubert's, who saw the operator from Hermann who had come up on hand-car to ascertain why the line did not work all right. General Brown's scouts are beyond the Osage and south of Tuscumbia, but get no trace of the enemy. The guerrillas will make havoc in some of the counties in my district when the troops withdraw to Jefferson City, but better that than leave the capital in peril. Will keep you informed of progress here, and movements of the invaders as we can learn them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 3, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Arrived here at noon to-day. I ordered you to send Harding's regiment by steamer if it could be spared. If you can start a part of it, via Missouri River, do so at once, and come with them. Salmon will remain at Saint Joseph to receive our reports. All quiet here yet. The invaders are not this side the Gasconade, and had not occupied Washington at 6 o'clock this morning. I am concentrating Draper's, Matthews', Dyer's, and Kutzner's regiments here. We shall give Price a good whack if he comes this way.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 3, 1864.

BANCROFT,

Operator, Glasgow, Mo.:

You will organize a corps of dispatch bearers to Huntsville or Allen until the line is repaired. It may be best to send them on different

