
routes, and not travel the plan road altogether. All messages should be carefully secreted where Bill Anderson &amp; Co. cannot find them. You can make a bogus dispatch about some common-place affair that the messenger can fork over if pressed hard by the whackers. I am particular about this, as Bill Anderson captured Douglass' and Matthews' dispatches to me, read and returned them to the writers with his compliments. Rocheport was badly scorched last night. All the business portion destroyed by an accidental fire. All quiet as far down as Washington.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD,

Saint Charles, October 3, 1864--10.20 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

By order of Colonel Krekel all the mechanics of our shops were ordered to quit work and the shops closed. This places the company in a bad condition, being short of rolling-stock and three or four engines on repairs, which can be ready for use in the course of four or five days. Unless our men are permitted to return to work we will not be able to meet the demands of the Government, if any are made upon us, to transport men or supplies. Every man in our employ is ready and willing to drill or defend the place if necessary at any time, but as yet have no arms. Let them be armed and returned to work, and if needed they will be on hand at a moment's notice. I hope you will issue orders to Colonel Krekel to let me start our shops.

J. H. GAMBLE,

Master of Transportation.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 3, 1864--12.02 p. m.

Colonel A. KREKEL,

Saint Charles:

There is no necessity of shutting up the railroad shops. Don't get up a stampede without cause.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT CHARLES, MO., October 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Everything is all right to this point. We hear of the raiding party visiting Franklin County, burning part of South Point, Washington, and Union. The citizens have nearly all left Washington County. Two ferry-boats of that place at this point. There is no force in this neighborhood as heard of. There is a force 200 strong of militia at this point, and a large force expected. Five hundred of the Franklin County Militia are now at Augusta. I am going from here to Augusta.

JNO. W. MAUPIN,

Captain, Commanding Dispatch Boat.

