
FORT SCOTT, October 3, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have just received the following:

CABIN CREEK, October 1, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Fort Scott:

As the messenger leaves this morning I may inform you that Cooper's division is in camp on the old battle-ground at Honey Springs. There is no news from Fort Smith or Gibson. All is quiet and all doing well here and await the arrival of the train.

JOHN A. FOREMAN,

Major, Commanding.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

OMAHA, October 3, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Eastern Sub-District, Fort Kearny:

Mail coach leaves Atchison to-day for Kearny. General Curtis directs that every effort be made to have it go through safe, and to have commanders of stations notified to escort.

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PRIVATE.] U. S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE,

Denver, Colo., October 3, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: About the 1st of August last ten persons calling themselves Confederate soldiers entered what is called the South Park in this Territory, robbed the U. S. mail, and several of our citizens, and committed various depredations. As soon as Mr. Hunt, our U. S. marshal, learned the facts, he, with an escort of soldiers and a large number of citizens, pursued the band and succeeded, after killing 1 and wounding others, in capturing 5 of the parties. These persons he brought to Denver and lodged in the U. S. prison. Immediately after Colonel Chivington, commanding the district, called on Mr. Hunt and informed him that he had the power to try these men by military commission and could hang or shoot them by military authority for their offense against the law. In my absence, Mr. Hunt, believing the statements of the colonel, handed the parties over to him. Chivington proceeded at once to organize what he called a military commission for their trial and proceeded to take some testimony, but before any result was reached learned that he had no power to act and the farce was suspended.

About the 1st of September, the colonel, saying that he was so ordered by you, sent those five persons, under an escort of 100 men of the Third Colorado Cavalry, to Fort Lyon for trial. I was informed the day they left by Mr. F. Kershaw, the commissary sergeant, that no rations had been drawn for the prisoners, although they were ordered to be taken to Lyon, a distance of 240 miles. From this and other circumstances I dare my own inferences. The second day out the whole five were butchered, and their bodies, with shackles on their legs, were left unburied on the plains, and yet remain there unless devoured by the beasts of

