
prey that don't wear shoulder-straps. Our people had no sympathy with these thieves, as they have none with other thieves, but they feel that our common manhood has been outraged, and demand that this foul murder shall not be sloughed over in quiet. When the news was first brought to Chivington of the death of these persons, and of the manner of their death, he sneeringly remarked to the bystanders: "I told the guard when they left that if they did not kill those fellows, I would play thunder with them." There is no doubt in the minds of our people that a most foul murder has been committed, and that, too, by the express order of old Chivington.

I can prove all the facts contained in this letter. I propose to prove them in the proper place, but I deem it my duty as the representative of the Government to also inform you of the facts, and in behalf of our people to demand that these outrages may be investigated. With such men in power our people feel that they have but little security in person or property.

Very respectfully,

S. E. BROWNE,

U. S. Attorney.

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Paul, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose a letter from Colonel Smith dated 28th ultimo, in which he exculpates Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender from all blame for the lately reported negligence of a portion of his command in the vicinity of Madelia. I also inclose three petitions from citizens of the Blue Earth country praying for further protection against the hostile Sioux. While I know that it is your purpose to use every possible precaution in the premises, I beg that all your posts, especially those south of the Minnesota River, be doubled at the earliest practicable moment. The determination of the savages to attack the frontier settlements is becoming painfully evident, and only a numerous body of troops and the most sleepless vigilance will prevent the re-enactment of the barbarities of 1862. Please return the inclosed papers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MILLER.

[Indorsement.]

Replied to October 4 and the papers [four inclosures] returned with reply.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, October 3, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch dated September 27, with inclosure, and in reply I would respectfully inform you that I have done everything in my power to render the small force on our frontier line as effective as possible; but I am well aware of the inefficiency of one portion of the line, and have tried to

