
remedy it by throwing re-enforcements into all but one of the posts on the line south of here. In my circulars of June 7 and 23, I have given instructions which if faithfully carried out would have rendered the frontier defenses as effective as could be expected from the small force employed. Learning that there was a lack of vigilance on the part of some detachment commanders, I again issued a circular on the 11th of July severely censuring the unauthorized straggling and calling for prompt performance of duties. shortly afterward I inspected a portion of Captain Smith's detachments in person, and again during the operations after the raid ont he Blue Earth I visited the whole line and tried to infuse the men with the necessary military spirit, but I became satisfied that this could only be effected under my personal superintendence,a nd had I been able to relieve Company F I would have ordered them to this post immediately, as that is the only way to make soldiers of them. On the 22nd ultimo I issued another circular to the commandants of posts requiring them to be extremely vigilant, and upon receipt of your last dispatch I have once more appealed to the sense of honor of the captains on the line, and have informed Captain Smith in case of continued mismanagement I should be obliged to recommend the guilty parties, if commissioned officers, for summary dismissal from the service. As soon as I am in condition to do so I shall relieve Captain Smith and also Colonel Smith's militia, and for the latter purpose I shall confer with Colonel Smith without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, October 3, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your dispatches of the 28th ultimo I can inform you of the departure of the escort to the last supply train for Fort Wadsworth, consisting of forty men of Company I, First U. S. Volunteers, and sixteen men of Company I, Second Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Hedge, Company I, First U. S. Volunteers. The instructions in regard to the mounting of the company of Connecticut cavalry will be carried out on the arrival of the horses intended for that purpose, but if their mounting is left discretionary with the general commanding the district, I would respectfully suggest that they remain dismounted until strict and energetic officers can be placed over them, as the horses are offering additional inducements for desertion, for which there seems to be a great tendency amongst all the rebel deserters. There are no more Indian rumors lately, and the scouts from the Redwood report no signs whatever. The prairies north and south of the Minnesota River are mostly on fire, and at Manannah a fire set by Savage and his trappers has destroyed a quantity of hay secured at that post. In my tri-monthly of September 18 Captain Van Vorhes was reported absent without leave. On his return to the post he explained that he had been absent on business and was duly excused.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

