
Kitchen (given names not known), 3,000 men, mounted. In Izard and Lawrence Counties, Colonel Freeman's command, extending from Mount Olive along Strawberry Creek to Powhatan, 3,000 mostly mounted. In Fulton County, near Bennett's Bayou, Colonel Tracy, 200 mounted. In Marion County, at Wickersham's Mills, near Yellville, Ark., Lieutenant Thompson, 100, mounted. In Carroll County, about Rolling Prairie. Captain Marion Fullbright, 100, mounted. In Benton County, command of Major B. Brown, 150, mounted; command of Major Pierson [Pickler], 200, mounted. Total, 6,750 mounted. In my opinion 4,500 men will prove a fair estimate for General Shelby's entire effective force, and include all that are mounted, armed, and fit for duty. In addition to these my information is that Captain [Colonel] Freeman has and bears upon his rolls 2,000 unarmed conscripts. My information of the force of the enemy north of the district is limited. My opinion, based upon the reports that I have received, is that the whole number of the enemy that has passed north through the district since last spring exceeds the number that has returned by about 1,000 men. This includes 250 men of Quantrill's command that went north about the middle of April, and have not returned to my knowledge. These men are said to be commanded by one Dodd [Todd], and Quantrill is said to be sick with consumption.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., September 4, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to transmit herewith list of posts and stations in the District of Western Arizona for September 1, 1864. No report was made for August 15, for the reason that the posts on the Fort Yuma road were in process of being abandoned, and having no information what stations had been discontinued at that time no accurate report could be made.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

[Inclosure.]

List of posts and stations in the District of Western Arizona, September 1, 1864, with the number of men at each, and the reasons why they are stationed at those points.

Posts or stations.	 Stre	 Reasons.

 ngth

Tucson	 54	 Depot of supplies for Arizona.

Do	 -	 Attached; accounted for in strength

 	 of Tubac.

Do	 8	 Casually at post.

Tubac	 -	 For protection of Southern Arizona.

Calabasas	 -	 For protection of Southern Arizona;

 	 from garrison of Tubac.

San Pedro Crossing	 -	 In charge of hay and grain and

 	 outlying picket to watch Indians,

 	 from garrison of Tubac.

Point of Mountain	 -	 In charge of hay and grain; from

 	 garrison of Tucson.

Blue Water	 -	 In charge of hay and grain; from

 	 garrison of Tubac.

THEO A. COULT.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA.

Tucson, Ariz., Ter., September 1, 1864.

