HEADQUARTERS SPECIAL SCOUTS,Natchez, Miss., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: The Confederate mail which I reported as having captured at Fayette has been examined. There was very little of military importance in it and it was given up to Major-General Dana (who is now in town) at his request. The most that I learned from it concerning the rebel forces in this immediate vicinity was that a portion of General Wirt Adams' command, which had been camped near Jackson, Miss., has been sent farther north. The most of the letters were from Atlanta and Mobile, and the most striking characteristic was the universal depression of those that wrote in regard to their hopes of ultimate success. I forward to you by this mail a package of papers captured at Fayette, and also inclose some scraps taken from a captured letter, thinking they might interest if they had not otherwise come to hand. If you have seen the substance contained in these scraps before, or if not required after being read, will you please return them in some communication, as I would like some portions for a reference?

I am, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant Co. D, 4th Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Special Scouts.

P. S.-The most valuable papers which I obtained from the captures at Fayette were the papers belonging to a Confederate cotton agent, which have be some means been lost or stolen from my pocket. They made a full expose of the Confederate cotton trade carried on through our lines. I intend to advertise for them if they are not otherwise found as they are of no importance to any one who may find them, unless it is some Confederate who feels an interest in having them destroyed.

Most respectfully, yours,

I. N. EARL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 147. New Orleans, La., October 4, 1864.

* * * *

4. Company G, First Michigan Light Artillery, will be sent without delay to Mobile Bay, its commanding officer reporting on its arrival there to Major-General Granger, commanding District of West Florida and Southern Alabama, for orders. The commanding general Department of the Gulf will give the necessary orders to the execution of this order.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

New Orleans, October 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST INDIANA HEAVY ARTILLERY:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to notify you to have the following-named companies of your command fully equipped and

