
provided with all necessary implements, mules, horses, &amp;c., for immediate and effective field and siege purposes: Company A, four 20-pounder Parrotts; Company F, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company G, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company H, four 30-pounder Parrots; Company C, four 8-inch size howitzers; Company L, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company M, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company K, four 30-pounder Parrotts; Company B, four 8-inch and four 10-inch mortars. The major-general commanding directs that the animals selected fro these batteries be of the very best quality for endurance and draft. The officer commanding will make a thorough inspection of the command at once and send in for everything necessary, rendering the companies thoroughly effective for field and siege purposes. Company commanders will be held responsible that no delay takes place in the equipment of their batteries. As soon as the companies are equipped you will report by letter to the chief of artillery and ordnance at division headquarters. Ammunition will be supplied the various batteries in due time. The company commanders who have none on hand need have no cause [for anxiety] in that particular at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,New Orleans, October 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER EIGHTEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to notify you to have your command thoroughly equipped and provided with all the necessary implements, mules, harness, &c., for immediate and effective field and siege purposes. You will make a through inspection of your command and send in requisition for everything necessary to equip your battery. As soon as you are equipped you will report by letter to the chief of artillery and ordnance at division headquarters. Ammunition will be supplied in due time.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

C. H. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, October 4, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant. It would seem at first sight that the lines of actual occupation in the law referred to means the actual picket-lines of the army, and if our picket-lines were extended in all cases so as to cover the whole territory occupied the solution of the question would be an easy one; but this neither is nor can be the case. but as this line of occupation is always to be indicated in published orders from the commanding

