SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 208. New Orleans, October 4, 1864.

* * * *

3. The Twenty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, so soon as its consolidation shall have been effected under paragraph 1 of this order, will proceed to Morganza, La., and reported to the commanding officer at that place.

* * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

White River, Ark., October 4, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th of September. Allow me to say in reply that I sincerely hope your impressions may prove correct as regards my future movements. The weather is remarkably wet, cold, and unpleasant at this point, and as no preparations have been made for winter the troops are not very comfortable. The arrival of a paymaster will be hailed with delight, as a portion of my command have not been paid for over five months. Nothing new from Little Rock, and Colonel Slack reports all quiet at Saint Charles.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Mouth of White River:

(Captain Gaubert will please forward.)

Yours of the 29th ultimo is received. The rebels are making strong demonstrations against Pine Bluff. I have sent a brigade of cavalry and a regiment of infantry from here to re-enforce General Clayton. It is probable that Price will soon be driven south. Spies report that Magruder will attack both pine Bluff and Little Rock; in this event I have scarcely force sufficient to hold my own. I therefore urge upon you to send one brigade immediately to Devall's Bluff to report to me.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 4, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Magruder is making demonstrations against Pine Bluff. All the roads leading there from the south and west and the north bank of the Arkansas are picketed. I have re-enforced Clayton by a brigade of cavalry and a regiment of infantry, and ordered him to drive in the

