
DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., October 4, 1864-8 p. m.
Captain C. H. DYER,

Little Rock:

No news. Bushwackers still prowl int he neighborhood. I have about 100 cavalry down toward De Witt for beef-cattle. There was a heavy rain to-day till after noon. As soon as it cleared up I had 100 men at work on the earth-works, which are progressing as fast as my means allow.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Remount Camp:

A dispatch just received from Brownsville says they can hear "heavy cannonading, supposed to be toward Austin." You will have your available mounted force ready for a scout in case of need. Perhaps you had better send out a few men at once.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, October 4, 1864.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Doctor Julian, who lives eighteen miles north of Monticello, has just come in. He brings the following information: He was at Monticello the first of last week. The Confederate troops at that place amounted to about 8,000. Magruder was said to be in command. He saw, himself, Generals Churchill, Walker, Parsons, of Missouri, and Dockery. The enemy had a picket-post at his house about ten days. Last Saturday it was withdrawn. The soldiers said that all the troops at Monticello except Parsons' division [are] now under marching orders for Warren, and that Parsons was to follow Sunday or Monday. All of the sick soldiers on furlough we ordered to Warren. The impression among the troops was that they were going to Camden. Lieutenant Young, my former scouting officer, said that Doctor Julian is perfectly reliable, he having at various times in his scouting operations received valuable and correct information from him. I believe the report.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 4, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Since my last dispatch a deserter from McNally's battery (Monticello) has come in, and reports the following, which you will see agrees with what I have sent you coming from Doctor Julian: General Magruder reviewed the troops at Monticello one week ago last Monday. The army reviewed was composed of the following commands: The divisions of Churchill, Walker, and polignac, Hawthorn's brigade, McNally's battery,

