
and other artillery, amounting to thirty-six pieces. That at that time it was universally believed that the army was to attack Pine Bluff. The strength of the army was estimated at from 15,000 to 18,000 5,000 of which was cavalry. Last Saturday the army commenced moving toward Warren. He was himself in Warren on Sunday night, and at that time Churchill's division and Hawthorn's brigade were encamped twelve miles beyond Warren in the direction of Camden. He thinks that the whole force are going to Camden, but that Parsons' division and the cavalry are still upon this side of the Saline. He says the Saline is not fordable; that the enemy have a bridge at the crossing near Warren. He seems earnest in his desire to quit the Confederacy. Says he wants to get his family out and then go to Indianapolis. I believe he gives correct information. I have Lieutenant Grove with fifty men scouting about Mount Elba. He has been out two days and will probably return to-morrow. He will be able undoubtedly to give further information.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, October 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

Your two dispatches received. Ritter' brigade of cavalry started for Pine Bluff this morning; also a regiment of infantry on steamer. Price and Shelby are stirring up the people in Missouri. Stores all closed in Saint Louis, &amp;c. Troops under General Ewing fell back from Pilot Knob to stations where they met A. J. Smith. I think Mower will soon be up with them. Rosecrans is perfectly confident of annihilating them. We have reports that Grant has gained a great victory over Lee. you will get the particulars of Sheridan's victories by the boat. He has probably taken Lynchburg before this. The Confederacy has pretty nearly gone up.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 4, 1864.-For Clayton to Steele, 9 p. m., relating to return of Grove's scout in vicinity of Mount Elba, &c., see Part I, p. 866.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 4, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 24th ultimo, by the hands of Major Derry, has been received. None of your messengers ever reached me. I have had no communication with you since the Alamo came up. I had also endeavored to get communications to you, but the parties I sent were obliged to return, not being able to make their way through. In the month of August there were here about 3,000 refugees in a state of great destitution. I had to feed them or see them die of starvation, literally, in the woods in and around the city of Fort Smith. I therefore determined to send them to Kansas. The most of them were without transportation. I therefore sent a train of 180 wagons with them

