HEADQUARTERS FOR ABERCROMBIE,September 4, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: Mr. Fonseca, a former resident of Saint Paul, has just arrived at this post from the Red River Settlement and brings the information that 350 lodges of Sioux Indians had just arrived there from the vicinity of Devil's Lake and Turtle Mountain. Standing Buffalo is among them. The other chiefs he did not remember, but thinks they belong to the remnants of the bands of Little Six and Little Crow. There were 1,200 men with these lodges besides the women and children. Mr. Fonseca says various rumors existed as to the object of their visit. By some it was understood that they came for the purpose of effecting a treaty with the Hudson Bay Company, by which a trading post was to be established at Turtle Mountain, others claiming that they were on their way to this post to give themselves up. This last is a mere subterfuge. Doubtless the real object is to procure powder and lead with which to further prosecute the war upon our frontier. I entertain fears for the safety of Captain Donaldson's command. His force is too small to make a successful fight with so large a body of Indians as could be concentrated against him at Pembina.

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 5, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 30th [August] is received.* I had already anticipated and sent General Mower three days ago to re-enforce General Steele. General A. J. Smith with his division, 6,000 strong, will move up the river to-day. I have no news from Arkansas. Sherman occupies Atlanta, and his need for troops is not as pressing as it was. The War Department has been informed of the probable raid of Price, Marmaduke &amp; Co. into Missouri, but I have nothing from Arkansas in regard to that move since I last wrote you. The truth is, I have to get information from that district as best I can I still believe that a big raid is on hand for Missouri, unless the move of my cavalry and Mower's troops should head it off. Mower will remain with Steele until your order otherwise. Saint Charles has been evacuated by General Steele's order. The troops that occupied it are of the Seventeenth Corps, and are fragments of regiments now with General Howard, who is anxious that they should be relieved.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Saint Charles, Ark., September 5, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the arrival of the greater part of my command here at 5 o'clock this evening. I was under the neces-

---------------

*See Part II, p. 937.

---------------

