HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 4, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: In a letter from Mr. McKee to Mr. McDonald he states that "a prisoner just in from the captured train reports it still going in a northwestern direction toward the Santa Fe road." You make no mention of this in your dispatch of the 2nd instant. Have you not ascertained the exact route the captured train took and where it crossed the Arkansas, if at all? Where did Cooper move to when he left Honey Springs, and can you ascertain his present locality? I have started scouts in the direction of Honey Springs, but they were compelled to return on account of the high water. If you are satisfied that the enemy with the train are in the direction of the Santa Fe road, it is possible they are aiming for Southwestern Kansas, and you should communicate your convictions to the commanding officer at Fort Scott without delay.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CARLINVILLE, October 4, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Can I render you any service in the field? If so, command me.

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 4, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

General Brown at Jefferson City says he is cut off from you. Price attacked Herman last evening. Had three pieces artillery. Have captured railroad trains and three locomotives; thinks Price is moving up river; is trying to be ready to defend the capital; says rebels have large force. Captured four guns from Ewing and from last accounts nearly his entire command. I advise General Brown to take care that boats and bridges over Gasconade and Osage be useless to Price. What is your news? Will call out militia if Price approaches me and help all I can to destroy him. Where are you driving him?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Mr. MCKISSOCK,

Superintendent Pacific Railroad, Seventh-Street Depot:

General Rosecrans wishes the rations for General Smith's command to go this afternoon to Franklin without fail. This very important. Please send at the same time any rations for the Meramec Station, or other intermediate points now in your depot.

G. SCULL,

Captain and Chief Commissary.

