
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 275. Saint Louis, October 4, 1864.

* * * *

4. The organization for two regiment of militia exempts, to be designated the First and Second Regiments City Guard, having been perfected by Colonel B. Gratz Brown, volunteer aide-de-camp, the same are hereby accepted for special duty in the city of Saint Louis with the following field officers: First Regiment, Charles A. Fritz colonel, William A. Hequembourg lieutenant-colonel, George B. Kellogg major; Second Regiment, Charles G. Stifel colonel, William S. Stewart lieutenant-colonel, Charles Leistner major. Colonel B. Gratz Brown is assigned to the command of the First and Second Regiments City Guard and will report for duty to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Saint Louis District.

5. Captain L. S. Metcalf, assistant quartermaster, master of transportation, will at once charter river transportation for 6,000 men for service on the Missouri River.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, October 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The best road to embark on steam-boat from here is via Gray's Summit to Labaddie or Augusta Station, which is nine or eleven miles from here by portable roads, and both good landings; Augusta Station the best. The enemy's wagon train, believe to be about 200 wagons, was to-day unloading about the head of their rear, third column. The Gasconade is reported fordable for artillery almost any where more than ten our twelve miles above the mount, but it is a very uncertain stream, rising very rapidly and very high. The Osage is not fordable anywhere below Tuscumbia, and only at that point in low water. The country between the two rivers is very rough and sparsely settled, but changes toward Waynesville. We can go through on any of these roads without much trouble.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 4, 1864-12 m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

The track will be repaired to Washington, so that cars can run to that point by 4 p. m. I will have all my command proper (Third Division) at Gray's Station to-night and if rations arrive will be able to leave in the morning on the trail of Price. A portion of the cavalry has gone to the front with orders to reconnoiter to the Gasconade River if possible. The remainder of the cavalry will be pushed to the front as rapidly as possible.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

