
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 4, 1864-4 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Hermann:

Send full report of your situation. What troops have you? What news?

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HERMANN, MO., October 4, 1864-12 m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have received orders from General Brown to send the mounted men to Castle Rock and to report to Jefferson City with the dismounted cavalry under my command. The train started at 4 o'clock this p. m.

THOS. H. MACKLIND,

Lieutenant, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 36. Rolla, Mo., October 4, 1864.

I. Pursuant to paragraph 6, Special Orders, Numbers 156, current series, from these headquarters, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Rolla during the absence of Brigadier General John McNeil.

II. Lieutenant H. W. Werth, adjutant Fifth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby announced as acting assistant adjutant-general of the District of Rolla.

A. SIGEL,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Messenger from the Gasconade bridge to Saint Auberts brings an official report that the rebels brought there three pieces artillery by a train they had captured, and shelled Hermann last night. Captain Eitzen, Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, abandoned one of the block-houses at Gasconade bridge and ran away. Onken, in command of the other company, says he will not leave without seeing some of the fun. I have sent a locomotive, with bullet-proof defenses on a car in front, to obtain information. No enemy reported toward the Gasconade east of Castle Rock. General Fisk is here and his troops are beginning to arrive. The hard rains have raised the streams, so that the crossing will difficult and slow for the enemy. I have four steamboats ready to move. All precautions for the protection of the town have been taken as you suggested. We have a long line to defend, and few troops and but little artillery. A range of hills, about three-fourths of a mile in front of us, overlooks the town; makes it a bad place to defined; yet I have no doubt I can hold the place longer than the enemy can stay to fight us, if it is less than a month. I have 250,000 rations and 250 rounds of ammunition to every gun.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

