
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 4, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Joseph:

Fort is at Kansas City in my command. Strange that Price has not taken Washington. General Brown telegraphs me that he attacked Hermann last evening and General Fisk was expected. How is this? My dispatch from Brown was about 4 p. m. to-day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, October 4, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Yesterday passenger train on Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad bound east was robbed at Hunnewell. Two freight trains were captured and burnt near the same town. Our lines were only working to Brookfield this morning.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Push out the militia with all possible dispatch. Every available man must be pushed this way the least possible delay. Suspend business in the towns until organization and the best style of preparation is complete. Vigor and determination are the watchwords. The entire State must rally to drive out the invaders.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, Mo., October 4, 1864.

General DOUGLASS,

Columbia, Mo.:

GENERAL: The troops at Columbia must come to Jefferson City forthwith. The citizens must organize and defend their court-house against guerrillas until the present emergency is over. Suspend all business and organize every man for service. General Rosecrans' orders to me are imperative and must be obeyed. The capital must be protected at all hazards. Vigor and determination are the watchwords. Send all the forage you can raise within striking distance to this post. Direct every farmer to commence hauling at once. The movements of the enemy are not as yet fully developed. He may push a column across the Missouri below this point. If so, we can strike him easily from here. Write me fully.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

