
sity of leaving the steamer John Raine below; as soon as she is unloaded I will send her back to Memphis, and I beg leave to say that it is utterly impossible for a boat drawing more than four feet of water to navigate White River. I presume you will have heard ere this reaches you that the rebel raid is over and all is quiet above. I am hoping that it will not be necessary for myself and command to remain here long, as I know that General Sherman is very much in need of us.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Saint Charles, Ark., September 5, 1864

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command here. I have about 4,000 infantry, 2 batteries and 250 cavalry. Also a division of cavalry crossed to the west side of the Mississippi at Memphis on the morning of the 2nd instant, and were to move by land to Clarendon. They should have arrived there to-day.

I inclose herewith an extract from a letter of instructions from Major-General Washburn, in which he directs me to return as soon as possible. An officer from General Sherman (Lieutenant-Colonel Howard) arrived at Memphis the day before I left. He was there for the purpose of taking the right wing of the Sixteenth Army Corps (of which my division forms a part) to the army in front of Atlanta. This, I presume, is the reason of General Washburn's earnest desire that I should return as soon as possible. I am, awaiting your orders as to whether I shall remain here or proceed farther.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

Major General JOS. A. MOWER,

Commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL:

* * * * *

The object of this move is to re-establish Steele's communications and whip and disperse the enemy. As soon as you can be spared with safety you can return here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General,

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI. Numbers 119. New Orleans, La., September 5, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Twentieth Iowa Infantry Volunteers is attached to the Nineteenth Army Corps. The commanding officer will report to Major-General Reynolds for assignment.

