
be gone, soldiers with the balance, We can keep all right if a little energy is used on the part of the Enrolled Missouri Militia officers in getting forces together, but the cursed coppers will not take any steps, as they say if they get caught in the service they are sure to be put to death and think Federals should crush out, do the fighting, and I think it time the people came to the rescue of these noble soldiers who are daily losing their lives for such miserable cowards. All are remaining in their houses, cooped up for fear a bushwacker or rebel may find out they are for the Union. The rebels have this whole country between us and their and come within sight of town almost daily.

E. J. CRANDALL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 159. Saint Joseph, Mo., October 4, 1864.

* * * *

II. Captain Shook, commanding company Forty-second Missouri Infantry, at Brookfield, Mo., will at once direct all loyal citizens of Brookfield and vicinity, Linn County, Mo., to organize themselves into companies, for their mutual protection, at brookfield, under the supervision and immediate command of Captain E. J. Crandall, Thirty-eighth Enrolled Missouri Militia. Captain Shook will consult freely with Captain Crandall, and secure concert of action between the volunteer and citizen organizations, in the proper defense of that post. The citizens will use such arms as they may possess, and those owning none will be supplied temporarily by Captain Crandall from such a stock as may now be in his charge. Correct accounts of all issues of arms and ammunition will be kept by Captain Crandall.

III. Captain R. W. Holland, commanding Company A, of Sixty-second Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, Linn County, Mo., will concentrate his command at Laclede, Mo., for the defense of that town against guerrillas, and report by letter to Captain Shook, Forty-second Missouri Infantry, at Brookfield, Mo., for further instructions.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

G. A. HOLLOWAY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Jefferson City, Mo., October 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fulton, Mo.:

Move forthwith with your entire command to this post. Suspend business at Fulton and let the citizens organize to defend their court-house against guerrillas. Direct every farmer between this point and Fulton to commence hauling forage to this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

TROY, MO., October 4, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

Guerrillas are infesting Lincoln County in considerable force, and at work in pillaging and robbing. Our militia are destitute of arms and we have no means of self-defense. The enrolled militia are ordered

