
into immediate service with only 130 guns. We must have arms for our protection or we will go to destruction. Let us have at least 200 stand of arms with a good supply of ammunition. Ship by upper Mississippi to Cap-au-Gris Landing. When may we expect the arms? We will provide a force to receive them at the river. Answer by telegraph.

C. W. PARKER,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 4, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY:

General Brown telegraphs from Jefferson City that Price attacked Hermann last evening. Had three pieces of cannon. Is said to have taken a train and four locomotives. Also that he took four guns from Ewing and most of his troops. Also four ferry-boats. Is preparing to defend Jefferson, but has a poor show. Thinks Price is coming up river. I advise General Brown to take care that boats and bridges on Gasconade, and hermann are not available to Price. Hermann is east of Gasconade.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 4, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans:

I have just joined General Brown and concentrated all the troops I can reach from my district. Can you send us a battery of artillery at once? We shall need it much and quickly.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LAWRENCE, October 4, 1864.

Governor THOMAS CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

The militia colonels in Johnson and Miami Counties will not come out unless by yours orders. I through that had ben attended to long ago. Will you so arrange that there will be no further trouble?

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Lawrence, October 4, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Commanding Sub-District Numbers 1:

SIR: Indications show that Price is making his way westward from Washington and Franklin, Mo., where he was when lst heard from. He may be forced into Kansas by the movements of Rosecrans, or he may attempt to reach Springfield, throwing out bodies of mounted men on his right to forage and pillage. We must be well on our guard, and I desire you to keep all the force you can spare from the defense of Fort Scott ready to come up the country at a moment's notice. I am trying to concentrate militia at Olathe, and shall make that a point of rendezvous if the rebels cross the line north of Harrisonville, Mo. If

