
in command. My late dispatches from Major Adams, dated Fort Abercrombie, September 27, express an apprehension of a disturbance among the Red Lake Chippewas at the coming annuity payment at Red Lake River Crossing. I suppose the dissatisfaction of these Indians to be based upon the fact that they have larned they are to be paid in Treasury notes instead of specie, and their proximity to our northern line has doubtless afforded Her Majesty's half-breed subjects the opportunity to impress upon them that paper moneys is only worth one-half as much as coin. It is useless for me to repeat what I have so often brought to your notice in my dispatches for many months past, that, until the evil influences which these half-breeds exert upon the Sioux and Chippewas along our entire northern boundary can be effectually destroyed by cutting off communications with them and forbidding subjects of a foreign power to hunt and trade within our Territories, there will be no permanent peace with these savages. I have ordered an escort of an officer and forty men to guard the Indian Department train to the place of payment, which is all the force I could spare for that purpose, consistently with a due regard for the safety of the posts and stations along the line of communication to Fort Abercrombie. I trust there will be no trouble, but there are evident misgivings on the part of the officials of the Indian Department themselves.

Your dispatch of 30th ultimo informing me that you had ordered an additional force to this district I found on my arrival. I am very glad that you have done so, for there is very serious alarm on the frontier, and Governor Miller yesterday addressed me an official communication urging me to send re-enforcements to the front to avert the threatened raids upon the settlements. I shall dispatch the men forward as soon as they reach here. Major Brown's official report to which I alluded in my letter of 27th ultimo has reached me, and I beg leave to inclose a copy herewith. You will perceive that the is quite empathic in the expression of a belief that there will be formidable descents upon he border before the setting in of winter.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL MILITARY AGENCY,

Fort Wadsworth, September 18, 1864.

Major J. CLOWNEY,

Commanding:

SIR: I have the honor to report the return, day before yesterday, of the messengers dispatched to the Sissetons' camp immediately upon my appointment as military agent at this post. The principal man (Wauskige) is the son of the Burning Earth, an influential Sisseton chief, and is now the chief of the Burning Earth band of Lac Traverse Sissetons. He is reliable and I place much confidence in the report she brings. He says he found the bands of hostile Wahpetons, Five Lodge, Sleepy Eyes, &amp;c., encamped on the Assinniboine River. The Sissetons, accompanied by White Lodge's bank, had gone to Fort Garry. He was received very coolly at the hostile camp, and while he remained there expected every hour to be attacked and abused if not killed. During the last four days he remained frequent threats were made to kill him, and to save himself he left the camp at night. He states that with very few exceptions the entire camp, numbering some 370 lodges, were determined upon continuing hostilities against the whites. Parties are being continually

