
organized for raids on the frontier, and Crossing River was preparing to start down when the messengers left. As soon as the Sissetons can be got back to the camp a formidable party on horseback is to come down on a raid. The Sissetons are anxious for peace, but the hostile Sioux are determined they shall not separate from the main camp, and White Lodge's band was sent with the Sissetons to Fort Garry to prevent them from crossing over to Devil's Lake. They say the Sissetons are of no use to them and to guard them gives them trouble, but as those who escaped and made peace last spring have joined and are now assisting the whites, they are determined not to allow any more to place themselves in a condition to assist the whites. If war must exist between the friendly and hostile Indians it must be inaugurated on the prairies, where the friendly Sioux must rely solely on their own powers. The hostile Sioux being much the more numerous, the Sissetons are kept down by these threats, although on two occasions they resolved to withdraw at all hazards, and both parties seized their arms for a combat, but without coming to action the Sissetons were induced to succumb. Wausukige thinks, however, when they hear from him, and are satisfied they can come down without danger to themselves and families, that the Sissetons will withdraw. The reports they have had of the harsh treatment received by those who made peace last spring has had a great effect upon those above. He thinks that if they do leave they will have to fight their way out of the cam[p, as they are constantly guarded. When I inquired why they did not remain away from the main camp now he replied that the hostile Indians were prepared to follow them the moment they should attempt to move down, and White Lodge's band was with them to watch and report any such movement.

Standing Buffalo, Red Feather, and Oyehurza are the only principal chiefs who held out. Some of their bands have left them and joined the hostile bands, while the friendly portion of the bands of the chiefs who made peace last spring have joined the friendly chiefs. The friendly Sissetons number about 170 lodges. Wausukige says that whilst at the camp he heard the history of all the raids, the names of the persons engaged in them, and the success they met with. All the murders and horse-stealing expeditions were spoken of, except that between Georgetown and Abercrombie. He could obtain no information of any such party, and feels satisfied that these murders were not committed by Sioux. Upon leaving the hostile camp he went to a camp of Cut Head Yanktonais. These Indians formed a part of the camp attacked by General Sully. They expressed themselves anxious to remain at peace, declaring they had never had any reason to believe they were regarded as enemies by our Government until they were fired upon by our troops. After the fight in which they lost all their lodges, meat kettles, &amp;c., and some of their men, they moved toward the Missouri, which they crossed. While encamped on that river they saw a boat with fourteen men pass down from the gold mines. They called the men ashore, shook hands with them, and allowed them to depart without molesting them in any manner, either in person or property. Wausukige was at a council in this camp where all the principal men were assembled. After hearing from his the object of his journey, and the treatment he had received after making peace, &c., a young man who appeared to have influence in the council arose and pointing to the chiefs said:

What are you doing? This man has traveled on foot a great distance to carry good news to the Sioux who desire peace. Because the Americans have struck us while we were in the Seton camp are we to be at enmity with them and be hunted

