
3. The Third Maryland Cavalry (dismounted) is hereby detached from the Nineteenth Army Corps. The commanding officer will report to Major-General Banks for assignment. The regiment will remain at its present station until further orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 5, 1864.

Major DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

In consequence of the removal of the First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry recently from Donaldsonville, and the removal now of some 270 men of the Twenty-sixth Indiana Infantry, whose time has expired, Donaldsonville is left with a garrison of about 200 infantry and 170 cavalry. I have the honor to recommend that a regiment be sent there from without the Defenses of New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, September 5, 1864.

Commodore PALMER,

Commanding Naval Squadron, New Orleans, La.:

We have reports that the enemy are quite active on the other side of Grand River, such as hauling skiffs, &amp;c., from Bayou Teche to Grand Lake, a large number of oars (1,000) being made by negroes for operations in that quarter. The enemy are occasionally crossing Grand River in considerable parties; some near the head of Lake Verret, others in the vicinity of Lake Natchez, and above. What they are at I would like to know. I would respectfully, propose commodore that a light-draft gun-boat from Brashear go up Grand River as far as the vicinity of Lake Natchez, or certainly as far as Bayou "Go to Hell" (excuse the name), to which points boats drawing five to six feet, I understand, can ascend. If you will do this I will send, to be in that vicinity at the same time, a cavalry force. By this means I think we will, if not find out exactly what they are at, be the means of destroying or frustrating all their plans and combinations in that quarter. The reason why it is thought a gun-boat should go up there is that no reconnaissance by land alone will be effective on account of the great difficulty of roads and practicable traveling, and for the enemy to know that we can explore that country, notwithstanding the difficulties that are patent to all, will be a great point gained.

Very respectfully, and truly, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

