
I regret exceedingly that the state of my health with render it impossible for me to take command of the expedition. I am very much debilitated from the effects of a bilious fever. Am scarcely able to leave my room, and not able to ride horseback. The man I expected in from the Saline has not arrived. I am not able to give any further information of the enemy's movements. Do you think I had better direct the movement directly upon Monticello or by the way of Mount Elba, as I indicated in my last dispatch?* If the enemy have a portion of their command still at this side of the Saline Colonel Ritter will have an enviable opportunity of making a brilliant dash. I will telegraph directly upon his arrival.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, October 5, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have delayed my dispatch to you until the movement of Price was developed. The head of his column appeared near Bloomfield on the 22nd; Shelby's column led. There were various rumors that Price was following, but information from the southwest seemed to indicate that he would take the direction of Rolla. On Monday the 26th+ he attacked Pilot Knob, in which was a garrison of two light regiments, one newly raised, and a few cavalry. He attempted to carry the fort by storm but was thoroughly repulsed. His attack developed Price's presence with his entire command. Genera Ewing, after his gallant defense, determined that the enemy's batteries, planted on near dominating heights, would render his position untenable, blew up the magazine and retired through the mountains toward Rolla, closely pursued by the enemy, and after five days' fighting and marching finally reached that place in safety with all his artillery and troops, except the killed and wounded and a few stragglers, who gave out by the way.

The strength of Price is about 15,000 effective fighting men, mostly mounted, to which he is adding by a merciless conscription of every arms-bearing inhabitant who is not in the State or National service. These he paroles as prisoners of war. From Pilot Knob he advanced toward Saint louis, but was confronted by General Smith's division of 6,000 men and a few cavalry the only troops at our command. As soon as it became evident that Price's entire force was in Southeast Missouri orders were dispatched to General Sanborn to garrison Springfield with his dismounted force, a new regiment of infantry,and all the militia he could collect, and to move with all his mounted force to Rolla, the garrison of which, including citizens and teamster, numbered some 3,600. All the troops in the Central District were ordered to concentrate at Jefferson City, and all the spare regiments of new levies in North Missouri ordered to repair to the same place. General Brown was directed to put the city in the best possible state of defense. Meanwhile every effort was made to organize citizens and call out the Enrolled Militia to secure this city and our stores here, enabling General Smith, with whatever force he could bear from his column, to follow Price. To-day General Mower arrived at Cape Girardeau. Boats loaded with supplies and transports have been sent for him, and he

---------------

*See part I, p. 866.

+Tuesday the 27th.

---------------

