
will join General Smith at Franklin as soon as possible. Washburn's calvary, with all we can gather,w ill be added to the column in pursuit as soon as practicable. It is probable that General Price will attack Jefferson City, but I do not believe he has any chance of success. He has with him Tom Reynolds, Trusten Polk, Jeff. Thompson, and other politicians, and they declare they will set up and run the government of the State of Missouri. Our means of pursuit are inferior to those of last year and the year before, while the enemy's strength is much greater. I think he will pass out by the way of Kansas, where there is little to resist him; if not, by Springfield, the garrison of which may probably reach 3,200 men. We have called out the militia in North Missouri, where the rebels had created a panic. Part of them are armed, and the remainder soon will be. The citizens and militia here are now organized and armed, making an effective force of some 10,000 muskets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE NORTH MISSOURI RAILROAD COMPANY,

Saint Louis, October 5, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

SIR: Since the murdering of the unarmed soldiers on our train on Tuesday a week ago and the burning of our cars we have not felt that we could with any safety go beyond Saint Charles with our trains, and the destruction of trains on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad confirms us in the propriety of not attempting to run trains until the road is guarded by a sufficient military force. In the multitude of matters that you have to think of, I feel that you will not deem it out of place on my part to make suggestions, even if what I suggest is of no value or has been thought of by you. Three thousand cavalry distributed along our line of road and west of the Hannibal and saint Joseph road, patrolling the road, even on the march backward and forward, taking sections of fifty miles for 300 or 400, and scouring the country each side, armed with plenty of heavy revolvers as well as the musket, as the guerrilla bands are, would soon enable us in safety to run our trains. If we have not horses press them and mount our infantry, and let our men live as the guerrillas do, off of the country, giving vouchers to the loyal and none to rebel sympathizers. At Wellsville, Mexico, Centralia, or Sturgeon, and at macon there should be garrisons of infantry, with log-houses or some fortifications, so as to defend against a superior force. At Perruque bridge a guard should be kept till all trouble is over; also the bridges just north and south of Mexico should be guarded. We are anxious to move our trains as soon as you can make it safe to do so. I know that you will give us protection as soon as circumstances will admit of it.

Yours, very respectfully,

ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President and Superintendent.

WELLSVILLE, October 5, 1864-12 noon.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Courier sent from Danville to hermann returns; states that Price holds Hermann and is preparing to send raiding parties through this

