
county. Danville has been deserted by the inhabitants en masse. Price conscripts all, and takes all horses and cattle. This received from De Bars.

C. H. CANFIELD,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 188. Saint Louis, Mo., October 5, 1864.

I. To prevent supplies from reaching the enemy during the continuance of the present raid, no shipment of goods will be allowed to any point in this State outside the county of Saint Louis without special permission from the duly authorized officers of the Treasury Department, approved, for the shipments from Hannibal or Cape Girardeau, by the post commander; in all other cases by the commanding officer of the District of Saint Louis.

II. All hay received in this city and not used for private purposes is required for the Governor service. The shipment of hay from this city on private account is therefore prohibited. Until further orders, regimental and company commanders, and officers of the quartermaster's department, will feed only half rations of hay to the animals under their charge.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 276. Saint Louis, October 5, 1864.

* * * *

5. The Third and Fourth Regiments City Guard are accepted for service in the defense of the city, with the following field organizations: Third Regiment, H. T. Hesse colonel, W. J. Lemp lieutenant-colonel, George Berg major; Fourth Regiment, E. C. Harrington colonel, Charles Zimmer lieutenant-colonel, Henry Henkel major. They will report for duty to Colonel B. Gratz Brown, volunteer aide-de-camp.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 5, 1864-1.25 a. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Franklin:

If you think you can do them more harm by marching after them than by taking steam-boats to Jefferson City do so. If not, the boats for your command will be near Augusta by to-morrow night. I think it important to know if Mower has arrived at Rolla. If so, the two commands could unite and march on Price; otherwise you ought to see them safe across the Gasconade, and then go by steam to the nearest point to Jefferson City at which you can safely disembark, and then

