
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 5, 1864-1.50 p. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Franklin, Mo.:

General Rosecrans informs me that your movements have been modified by the information which he sent to you this morning. I send to Captain Kley 25,000 rations this afternoon, and will send more to-morrow. I will keep your command fully supplied.

G. SCULL,

Captain and Chief Commissary.

FRANKLIN, October 5, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have just received your dispatch to General McNeil of 2.50 p. m., through which I infer you have not yet heard of General Mower. I received your dispatch of 11.50 stating General Mower was at Cape Girardeau-this signed by Major Bond. I reported this for your information. The dispatch to General McNeil will be forwarded after hearing from you.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 5, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Franklin:

That dispatch ought not to go. Substitute the following:

Brigadier General JOHN MCNEIL, Rolla:

General Mower will reach Cape Girardeau to-night and will be sent to join General Smith. Your cavalry must open communication with General Smith and clean out the rebs and guerrillas this side the Gasconade. Let General Sanborn operate with them as I have indicated. Price has gone to Jefferson City; was on the Gasconade last evening.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, October 5, 1864.

Major-General MOWER,

Girardeau, Mo.:

GENERAL: The dispatch announcing your arrival within reach of Girardeau received this morning. I congratulate you o your safe arrival. There is no enemy worthy of note between you and the Ozark. Price is making his way to Jefferson City; was on the Gasconade last evening. Six boats will leave to-night with forage and subsistence for you, and the remainder in the morning. Please load with all speed and forward to General Smith, who is near Franklin. Direct the commanding officers to maintain strict discipline on board the boats, a nd take every precaution against surprise. On arriving at Saint Louis the boats will anchor in the stream, and the commanding officer will come on shore and report to headquarters to headquarters for orders.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

