HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 5,1 864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

Order the section of Battery C, Second Missouri Artillery, under command of Sergeant Myers, to proceed by boat to Sulphur Springs, Iron Mountain Railroad, thence by cars to De Soto, our such other points on the railroad as Brigadier-General Miller may order him. Telegraph this office when you know the exact time the section will leave your post.

By order of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, MO., October 5, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Arrived here safely. Saw Captain Dinger, Forty-seventh Missouri. He, with many others, was paroled eight miles west from Union, fifteen miles southwest of Washington. Main rebel army moving west, under Price, probable destination Jefferson City. Heavy cannonading heard in direction of Hermann day before yesterday evening. Several hundred rebels reported to have crossed from Hermann to north side of river on ferry-boat there. I will move to Washington this morning and will await orders. My messenger will await orders at Gray's Summit, Pacific Railroad. price commanded forces moving through Franklin County. All estimated at from 10,000 to 15,000 cavalry and six batteries of artillery. Conscripting and foraging parties everywhere boats that they will winter in North Missouri. Last heard from General Ewing he was retreating to Rolla from Harrison's Station, being hard pressed by Price's army. Colonel Gale, with Franklin County militia, here. His cavalry force will go with me to Washington to scout west of there and report to me at that place. It is reported Major Wilson, Third Missouri State Militia, and five of his men were shot or hung near Union by the rebels.

JOHN W. MAUPIN,

Captain in charge Dispatch Boat.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 5, 1864.

Captain MAUPIN,

In charge of Dispatch Boat:

The commanding general directs that you proceed as far up the river as you can with safety, obtaining all the information of the enemy you can and return to the nearest telegraph communication with these headquarters, reporting information to these headquarters and to General A. J. Smith, and reporting to General Smith for orders. Do not go above the mouth of the Osage.

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

