HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 5, 1864.

Colonel J. W. GOODWIN,

Commanding, Victoria:

The commanding general directs that you at once proceed to rebuild the Mooney bridge. Do not wait for the timber to be sent by the railroad company. Put up a temporary trestle-work. General Miller will forward all the mechanics he can get. Have the telegraph line repaired as far as De Soto at once.

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP GOODWIN,

Near De Soto, October 5,1 864-3 p. m.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

My regiment has finished the trenches at this camp, and some of the companies refuse to go farther unless the entire regiment goes. They say their time of service has been out for some time, and that they are unwilling to serve longer.

J. W. GOODWIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 5, 1864.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of October 3 was received at 10 this a. m. Colonel McLane leaves here for Pilot Knob at 3 p. m. with all the ambulances and spring-wagons that I can get. He will have some 300 men with him. I am sending out 1,500 rations for the wounded and such medical supplies as can be had here. I will send a telegraphed party through to the Knob to repair the line as they go. will send a field operator along.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

General McCormick has issued an order this morning by virtue of General orders, 176, Department of the Missouri, assuming command of all the Enrolled Missouri Militia in this district. He revokes the order placing the Enrolled Missouri Militia under my control, and orders them all to report direct to him. This takes from me the great bulk of all the troops I have here. He advised Colonel McLane, of the Fifty-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia, this morning to refuse to obey my order. His conduct has a tendency to paralyze all the efforts I may make for the benefit of this sub-district. I wish you would refer this matter to General Rosecrans immediately.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

41 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

