
JEFFERSON CITY, October 5, 1864.

(Received 12 m. 6th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A dispatch from Brigadier-General McNeil advised me that he is moving to the north to cover the force on the Osage and will be in position to do so to-day. A force of rebels, number unknown, reached the Osage railroad bridge lst night. This morning the guard (one company of the Enrolled Missouri Militia) surrendered without firing a gun, and the guard on this side ran away. The rebels crossed and burned buildings. A force has been sent down to drive them back. With General Fisk's command I have now 5,000 mn. About 1,000 more are moving from the Northern District. The enlistments are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible. The behavior of the new troops has made my position more uncertain, but I hope by having them well protected by field-works they will stand when sustained by old troops. I shall put them in the front line of rifle-pits and order them shot if they do not stand. Major-General Curtis telegraphs me encouraging words, but does not send any battalions. General McNeil reports that the main body of Price's army is north of the Southwest Branch, between me and Hermann, but I do not believe it. They must be farther east.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN MCNEIL, Bolton's Ford:

GENERAL: There is no immediate necessity to move your command to this post. It would be better that it should remain for the present on the Osage or on this bank of it until more definite information is obtained. The scarcity of forage renders it necessary that the commands should remain outside the city for the present toward Shelley's Ford. I have sent Colonel Philips, with about 1,500 men, and he will give you any important information. Please communicate with him if you learn anything of sufficient importance. Can you come in to-morrow? The guard at the Osage bridge behaved badly last night; ran away on a big scare and the bridge was burnt. Enemy not over 100. A report, not deemed reliable, says that the force of rebels were crossing Gasconade, coming this way, four miles above the bridge, during the whole night. Nothing from Saint Louis since the 2nd.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN MCNEIL,

Commanding in the Field:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that a report has just been received from a reliable scout that the enemy are moving in force in this direction to the east of Westphalia.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

