
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 214. Jefferson City, Mo., October 5, 1864.

* * * *

2. Colonel D. P. Dyer, commanding Forty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, will immediately move his command to the first rise south of the penitentiary, near the residence of General Minor. Colonel Dyer will proceed at once, with the utmost energy, to construct works of defense, under the direction of Captain Ed. L. Berthoud, topographical engineer. Captain Fuchs, with his two mountain howitzers, will move to the same position and report to Colonel Dyer for orders. This position is of vital importance and must be defended at all hazards.

3. Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, Third Missouri Militia, will proceed toward the Osage, on the road to Taos, with his command. Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, Third Missouri State Militia, will relieve Lieutenant-Colonel King of the command of all the troops. Lieutenant-Colonel King, upon being relieved, will report to Brigadier-General Fisk for duty.

4. Colonel L. Zevely will immediately move his command on to College Hill and put it in a complete state of defense. The utmost energy and exertion will be used.

5. Colonel Poser, commanding Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia, upon being relieved by Colonel Zevely, will report with his command to Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

6. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, commanding Ninth Missouri State Militia, will relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews of the command of all the troops moving in to the Osage River ont he Taos road. Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews will deliver to Lieutenant-Colonel Draper all instructions.

7. On arriving at the divide between the Osage and Moreau, Colonel James McFerran, commanding First Cavalry Missouri State Militia; Colonel John F. Philips, commanding Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Major G. W. Kelly, commanding Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will move immediately to the left, toward the Missouri River, with their several commands, unite their forces with those of Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, who moved from this post this morning, attack vigorously a force of the enemy that crossed to the west side of the Osage bridge this morning, and regain possession of the block-house and bridge if practicable. Having accomplished this, all of the commands will occupy the west bank of the Osage River as high up as Mike Clark's Ford. Failing in driving the enemy across the Osage, they will contest every foot of ground, fighting them fiercely on their approach toward Jefferson City, holding the banks of the Moreau until the last moment.

* * * *

10. Captain Jones, commanding Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, will proceed with his command in the direction of Taos, and report for orders to Lieutenant-Colonel Draper, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding.

* * * *

15. Colonel L. Zevely, commanding Twenty-eighth Enrolled Missouri Militia, will draw shelter-tents for his command and immediately move his regiment on to College Hill. Colonel Zevely will provide such tools as may be necessary to place the works on this hill in a complete

