
Lieutenant-Colonel Draper will also take with him the detachment of the Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers. The Enrolled Missouri Militia, now under command of Colonel Draper, will return to this post for the purpose of being uniformed. Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is at Bolton's Ford, and will move a heavy reconnaissance in the direction of Vienna. Lieutenant-Colonel Draper will communicate to Colonel Philips, at Bolton's Ford, any information he may obtain of the movements of the enemy.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

A. R. CONKLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Colonel JAMES MCFERRAN,

Commanding First Cav. Missouri State Mil., Mike Clark's Ford:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy have made their appearance east of the Gasconade, moving in this direction. See that the fords are well guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OSAGE, October 5,1 864.

Brigadier-General BROWN:

I have the honor to report to you that we arrived here safety. Have seen no traces of the enemy, and find the destruction of railroad property complete. The bridge entirely consumed except one span, that is not injured. Mr. McKernan's warehouse and mill also destroyed. Citizens not molested except taking money, &amp;c., from them. Persons that were present say the rebel force did not exceed 100 men, and that not more than fifteen of this number was west of the bridge, and this party did all the damage. I have sent over a party to find some traces of those that were east of the bridge, they not having been seen since the rebels left. Persons present say no resistance was made to the advance of the enemy. There is a flat-boat and skiff here. I am using the skiff at present.

Awaiting your orders, I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. POSER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Colonel H. M. MATTHEWS,

Third Missouri State Militia:

COLONEL: You will move your command down the Moreau and drive back the enemy that have been reported crossing the Osage at the railroad bridge. You will send strong guards to the Osage as high as Prince's Shoals (or Ford), and contend every foot of the ground. If compelled to fall back take position on this bank Moreau and defend the passage. Colonel Poser is moving on the railroad forward toward the

