
Osage bridge. Colonel Philips, with his command and Fourth Missouri State Militia, and Colonel McFerran, with First Missouri State Militia, are falling back from the Osage, and will be ordered to take position on this side of the Moreau to your right. The party that is moving up is light cavalry, and if fought fiercely will retreat.

Yours, truly,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. HART,

Commanding Forty-third Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you will move immediately with your command on the road toward Castle Rock. Join your command with the First Cavalry Missouri State Militia and report for orders to Colonel James McFerran, commanding.

Your obedient servant,

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 5, 1864-9.55 p. m.

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Rolla:

Have every man in the southwest collected in the forts at Springfield, with such arms as they can get. Price is carrying out the conscription law of the south, taking every man who can bear arms from sixteen to sixty, and paroling only those in the State and U. S. service.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 5, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The rebels burned the Osage railway bridge and depot buildings this morning. Only one span of the bridge saved.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 5, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

We have no definite information of the whereabouts of the main force of the invaders. A portion of Shelby's command occupy the east bank of the Osage, and a party of about 100 raided into Osage this morning. The militia in the block-house behaved shamefully. The company at the east end of the brigade surrendered; the company on this end ran away without firing a gun. The rebels burned the bridge; it is all down but one span; railway buildings are also burned. Our scouts will bring us further information of the enemy to-night. The

