
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 5, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

Don't allow yourself to be gobbled up by overwhelming numbers. If Saint Louis forces cannot overpower Price you are not strong enough, and better be ready to fight and fall back. Rains continue and steams are rising rapidly. I called on Governor for 20,000 militia. Look out for a storm from this quarter. Pray God the Big Muddy will rise so boars can move rapidly. Keep boats convenient for your retreat, but be ready to resist any feint by Shelby. My counsels are on the supposition you are cut off from Saint Louis and believing I am an older soldier if not a better.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 5, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Thanks for the kindly words of admonition from my old chief. McNiel and Sanborn are within ten miles of me with 2,500 men and ten pieces of artillery. We shall be in better condition to-morrow to meet the invaders. I have great fears that thousands of the Missouri Lane traitors from my district will rush to Price if he meets with any success here. Ewing is safe. His entire loss less than 100. His guns are safe in McNeil's columns. My mounted troops are well out on the Osage to-night. I will keep you posted while we have any line.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Price's forces occupy the east bank of the Osage. They burned the Pacific Railroad bridge over the Osage this morning. I do not think they are in force this side the Gasconade. We shall know to-night. Draper is on a reconnaissance. The Denver is here all right.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WEST, October 5, 1864.

Captain HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Buck has not been ordered by the general to remain at Saint Joseph. He is wanted here very much; will you to inform him. It is rumored that Todd and his guerrillas ar approaching from above Liberty. I have taken measures to ascertain the truth in regard to the matter. Should he advance in any force I will try to meet them half way or a little more.

H. HILLIARD,

Major, &amp;c.

