HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864.

Captain CAMPBELL, Fulton:

CAPTAIN: You will remain at Fulton with your entire company until Friday morning, 7th instant. You will then move to this post with all possible dispatch, leaving Lieutenant Campbell and ten good men as a nucleus around which the citizens of Fulton must rally and organize for the defense of the town and the State institution. Order all business suspended and direct that every citizen discharge his whole duty. Inspire confidence. Let the court-house and other buildings be barricaded. The people of Callaway county have had an opportunity since June last of organizing 200 men, under General Orders, Numbers 107, for just such an emergency as is now upon them. The State capital must be defended at all hazards, and no time must be lost. Move promptly at 6 a. m. on Friday morning unless otherwise ordered. Meantime vigor and determination must be the watchwords of all the people until the invaders and bushwhackers are driven out.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, October 5, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. B. DOUGLASS, Columbia:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of yesterday. Meantime you have doubtless received my order to move the Iowa troops to this point. The enemy are now on the Osage at different fords. They burned the Osage railroad bridge this morning at sunrise. Price's entire command is doubtless moving on Jefferson City. We are straining every nerve in preparing defenses, and hope to hold the enemy at bay, at least until our troops can fall upon his rear. Every man that can be sent here from your district should move without delay. I have directed Major Evans to push forward the Enrolled Missouri Militia troops with the least possible delay. I have ordered Captain Campbell here from Fulton, and directed the citizens of that place to protect the court-house and State institution. Let every man devote himself to the country until the emergency is over. It would be well for you to go to Fulton and push the citizen organization.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 5, 1864-2.35 p. m.

Colonel J. T. K, HAYWARD, Hannibal:

You will see that the militia must, and if properly spirited and energetic will, suffice to secure your town and depot from capture. The arms and ammunition asked have been sent you. Be very careful to impress the necessity of order and vigilance on your troops. Have pains taken to learn if any citizens take advantage of the urgent times to rob and lay it to guerrillas. Better keep your road open by he use of the militia along the line. Confer with General Craig. General Fisk has gone to Jefferson.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

