
enemy across those streams. You will keep your command concentrated and well in hand, and should they by any means get across the bayous, attack, them at once, if necessary, with your whole force and send to him immediately for re-enforcements, being always careful to maintain your lines of retreat on Bayou La Fourche open and practicable. If hard pressed fall back toward Thibodeaux, but if that is impracticable retreat to the fort at Donaldsonville. The general commanding directs that you promptly inform him of any movements of the enemy that come to your knowledge, or of any collision you may have with them, so that he may re-enforce you if necessary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MORRIS HAFF,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant E. LEONARD

Commanding Fleet of Brashear City, La.:

SIR: I am satisfied from information in my possession that the enemy are preparing to make a raid into the La Fourche country toward Paincourtville or Napoleonville, and are building boats to cross the lakes and bayous for that purpose. I wish you to send a gun-boat to coast in Grand Lake and Lake Fausse Pointe. I also wish you to send a gun-boat up Grand River as high as Lake Natchez, and if possible in Little Bayou Pigeon, to destroy any boats or pirogues capable of transporting troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

NEW ORLEANS, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding:

Direct General Dennis by first opportunity to send one brigade and one battery to Saint Charles, and more, if necessary, to hold that point. His information on arrival at White River may guide him.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

MORGANZA, September 5, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Commanding Port Hudson:

I shall send a force to Bayou Sara in the morning to drive away the rebels in that vicinity. If there is any road leading down in rear of your place I wish you would send a force early in the morning to watch it and to intercept them in case they attempt to retreat in that direction.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

5 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

