HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 5, 1864.

His Excellency Governor THOMAS CARNEY:

The rebel forces under General Price have made a farther advance westward, crossing the Gasconade, ad are now at the railroad bridge on the Osage, about fifteen miles below Jefferson City. Large Federal forces about Saint Louis and below tend to drive him toward Kansas. Other motives also will induce his fiendish followers to seek spoils and vengeance in this State. To prevent this and join in efforts to expel these invaders from the country I desire that you will call out the entire militia force, with their best arms and ammunition, for a period of thirty days. Each man should be provided with two blankets or a buffalo robe for comfort and a haversack for carrying provisions. No change of clothing is necessary. I want this force assembled on the border, mainly at Olathe, as soon as possible. For that purpose let farmers' teams with provisions and forage be employed to hurry them forward. I will do all in my power to provide provisions and public transportation, but hope every man will be as self-sustaining as possible, and ready to join me in privations, hardships, and dangers, to aid our comrades in Missouri in destroying these rebel forces before they again desolate the fair fields of Kansas. It is necessary to suspend business and labor until we are assured our property and earnings are not within the grasp of unscrupulous marauders and murderers.

Confidently believing, Governor, that Your Excellency and all loyal citizens will concur with me in the propriety of this very important demand, and give me your hearty co-operation and assistance,

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 5, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY:

General Fisk telegraphs that he has reached Jefferson City, concentrating with Brown. Wants me to send him a battery, which he says we shall need much and quickly. I have answered that I cannot send battery. Have also inquired as to Price's having crossed Gasconade. I do not see how Price can progress if bridges are destroyed, since the rains must have rendered all streams impassable.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 5, 1864.

Major General GEORGE SYKES:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of two letters from you, one of which inquires as to payment by us of 5 per cent. on last year's salary. I have in vain sought a copy of the resolutions of Congress, but from all accounts such is the case. It seems the most unreasonable mode of taxation ever invented, going back, as it does, and asking part of what we have expended. I suppose the payment is not required till November, and I hope we will not be charged the penalty prescribed for not making returns. I am also informed that hereafter the Treasury

