
Department will collect 1 per cent, tax, but of this I am not fully certain. In regard to cattle, you suggest the mode I tried when I came to this command. I stopped several droves and found all my troops busy as herdsmen, and the most of them trading in cattle worse than anybody else. You will see my Orders, Numbers 51, which I hope will give the Interior Department what they claim, the entire management of the matter, and at the same time give you and other officers an occasion to aid as far as you can to prevent fraud, and prevent a false use of our slender military strength on the border. Price on the south side and bushwhackers on the north side of Missouri seem to have their own way within thirty miles of Saint Louis. Generals Brown and Fisk are apprehensive Jefferson City will be attacked, and they are fortifying for defense with about 6,000 troops at that place. A scout of mine just in reports Price's force at 35,000, with some prospect of accessions. The same man reports Smith's force 15,000 and Mower's at 17,000. If these latter are united they are more than sufficient for Price, who must move west or south to get out of their way. These heavy rains will materially retard Price's movements, ad I hope enable our troops to get position around him. Ford's command is still in Missouri, reporting to me. Governor Carney called yesterday to confer as to the militia being called out. He desires a call may impose more of the burden on interior as well as border counties, the latter having been very frequently called from their labors during the season, and I have agreed to defer the further call till I get further news, when upon my presentation the Governor will call out from most of the counties as may seem necessary. While it rains as it has done for three days past it is needless to call;nobody would answer. I am going to send down four siege guns, two for Olathe and two for Paola, understanding, as I do, that the forts at these places are abut completed. Lieutenant Robinson informs me that he found matters at Lawrence fort very poorly arranged. The troops had built an oven close by the magazine and ammunition was exceedingly scare, the infantry not having enough to fill their cartridge- boxes; that Captain McLain left no officer or sergeant acquainted with drill or ammunition, and therefore no competent person to use the arms in the fort. Your attention is especially called to this matter not only there but everywhere throughout your command. Arms and ammunition always require special inspection to keep them ready. There is nothing in the service so often calls for correction. We have but very small force and must try to have it in the best possible position. Officer at Lexington informs me he has ordered his store sup to Kansas City, but hears of no enemy near.

I remain, general, yours, respectfully,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 5, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Mound City:

Price is all along the Pacific road from Franklin to Hemann with about 15,000 men. Ewing is the only man that has had a fight with him, and hat was not much. He must come farther west before we go for him.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide- de- Camp.

