
MOUND CITY, October 5, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Watch well your southern border. A surprise will be disastrous to us.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.

MOUND CITY, October 5, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Hold your command in readiness to march at any moment. Indications are that all the troops will be ordered east soon.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, October 5, 1864.

Major- General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

I have just arrived fromthe west. I have troops stationed every fifteen miles from Plum Creek to Julesburg. There is no trouble to run coaches through with a little care. Guards are furnished all coaches that desire them as far as Julesburg. The attack on the 29th was evidently made by white men on a train from Bannock, which was transporting a large amount of gold. I will furnish you a full report of my campaign after leaving you at an early day.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Numbers 27. Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., October 5, 1864.

I. The Western and Eastern Sub- Districts having been created by General Field Orders, Nos. 1 and 3, current series, respectively, the limits of such sub- districts and the commanding officers thereof are announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

1. The Eastern Sub- District, commanded by Colonel R. R. Livingston, First nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, headquarters Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., comprising all that portion of the district lying west and south of Omaha, Nebr. Ter., and east of Julesburg, Colo. Ter., excluding the first and including the latter- named post.

2. Western Sub- District, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. O. Collins, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, comprising all that portion of this district lying west of and excluding Julesburg, Colo. Ter., upon both lines of communication.

II. The commanding officers of these sub- district will exercise general military supervision and command within the limits of their respective sub- districts, but will promptly report to district headquarters, for approval, all orders changing the disposition of troops.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JNO. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

