HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 5, 1864.

Major J. M. THOMPSON,

Commanding Fort Ripley:

MAJOR: Your attention is particularly directed, by order of General Sibley, to some decided changes required in the conduct of matters at the post of which you have been placed in command, which he has ascertained by personal observation and inspection:

First. The discipline has been exceedingly las, the men being permitted to be absent at any time without restrain, only being expected to be present at roll- call. In the Indian country a garrison should be always on the alert, irrespective of the opinions that may be held of the friendly feelings or the contrary of the savages. A military post is not usually established unless the re is good reason for the supposition on the part of the superior authorities that it is actually necessary for the protection of the frontier. To be able to perform this effectually there must be no relaxation of vigilance or discipline, and no officer or enlisted man should absent himself without your express permission.

Second. Some increase is needed int he number of sentinels heretofore posted. There should never be less than five, and whenever the garrison shall be increased, as it probably will be, two or three more should be added, so that the post itself and the large amount of public property outside of the stockade amy be rendered comparatively secure. The river front should never be without at least one men on post on that side.

Third. Captain Carver, assistant quartermaster, was instructed by the general to make such repairs to the men's quarters as would render them comfortable, avoiding at the same time all unnecessary expense. As Captain Carver is under orders for Saint Paul, you are instructed to see that his successor carries out these instruction.

Fourth. During the fall and winter, when the weather will permit, there should be daily drill, which seems to have been entirely intermitted by your predecessor. With regard to the visits of Indians, they should not be encouraged, as the Indian agency is not far from the post, and all governmental questions should be referred by them to the U. S. agent, who has these matters in his particular charge. If, however, the chief or the principal men of the Chippewas should desire to see you, they should be treated with proper courtesy and kindness while at the fort.

Very much depends upon the commanding officer in enforcing economy in the management of the different departments at such a post as Fort Ripley, and you are enjoined to give this subject your frequent personal supervision. You will also be expected to make frequent reports to these headquarters of the condition of things generally, conveying any intelligence of movements of the condition of things generally, conveying any intelligence of movements, &amp;c., among the Indians, as the brigadier- general commanding must, of course, depend mainly upon you for correct information on all topics which are of sufficient importance and interest to effect his action.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

