SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 270. New Orleans, October 6, 1864.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, October 6, 1864- 9 p. m.

(Received 8.30 a. m. 7th)

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have just received a dispatch from General Lee stating that he occupied Clinton this morning at 9 o'clock, capturing 30 prisoners, officers and privates, among them Lieutenant Colonel Hinckley, provost- marshal- general of that district. The telegraph office an mail and considerable stores also fell into his hands. General Hodge and Colonel Scott left yesterday in the direction of Bayou Sara nd Tunica, taking most of their force. General Lee will follow in that direction and also send a force.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 6, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of the Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your telegram dated Little Rock, Ak,. October 4, 1864, was received at 9 this a . m. The following named troops have been selected as the re-enforcements called for: Detachment of Seventh Kentucky Infantry, Thirty- seventh Illinois Infantry, Forty-second Ohio Infantry, and the Forty- sixth Illinois Infantry. Total effective force, 1,100 men, Lieutenant Colonel John J. Jones, Forty- sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding. There is but one steam boat here at present. Two others are expected to- day, and the troops will leave this point at daylight to- morrow morning the 7th instant. Should no other boats come to- day I will send the largest regiment, Forty- sixth Illinois, immediately, and let the others follow as soon as transportation can be secured. I will just here state that one brigade of my command (effective strength 2,300 men), commanded by Colonel J. . R Slack, now occupies Saint Charles, Ark. Should you deem it safe to trust that point with a smaller force a portion of Colonel Slack's command might be sent to your assistance. Captain Crane, of my staff, will accompany the troops to Devall's Bluff, and report their arrival to you by telegraph. He will then proceed in person to your headquarters.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

