HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 6, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps;

GENERAL; Inclosed please find copy of a telegram received from Major-General Steele this a. m., and deeming the request of an urgent nature, I have selected the following- named troops to supply the call, and they will leave for Devall';s Bluff at daylight to- morrow morning, the 7th instant: Detachment Seventh Kentucky Infantry, Thirty- seventh Illinois Infantry, Forty- second Ohio Infantry, and Forty- sixth Illinois Infantry. Total effective force, 1,100 men.

Trusting this action on my part may be satisfactory to you, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, October 6, 1864- 7.30 p m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Williams, Eleventh Missouri, returned this afternoon with about 300 head of cattle. He was within about fifteen miles of the Arkansas River. He brought no news of interest except that four rebel regiments were reported on the south side of the Arkansas. He brought in 4 prisoners and lost 2 men by desertion.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier- General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 6, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Colonel Ritter has not yet arrived. A Mrs. Thompson, living fifteen miles below Warren, came to the picket- post ont he Monticello road and reported the following: The rebel forces from monticello have gone to Camden and are en route for Red River. She was at Warren when they passed through that place. The last brigade crossed the Saline yesterday. She has a husband living in Pine Bluff,and a woman is with her who has two brothers in the service.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK, October 6, 1864.

Major-General STEELE;

Colonel Ritter has arrived with 750 men. I will start the command toward Monticello as soon as they have fed and rested, unless I receive further orders fro you. If it is true that the enemy have withdrawn their troops from monticello,it amy be that some detachments that have not already crossed can be picked up.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Steele to Dennis, October 4, p. 605.

---------------

