
12. From testimony which cannot be doubted, the commanding general learns that Major James Wilson, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and six enlisted men of his command, prisoners of war, were given up by Major General Sterling Price to the guerrilla Tim. Reves for execution. The provost-marshal-general of the department will send a major and six enlisted men of the rebel army in irons to the military prison at Alton, Ill, to be kept in solitary confinement until the fate of Major Wilson and his men is known. These men will receive the same treatment Major Wilson and his men receive. The provost-marshal is held responsible for the execution of this order.

* * * * * *

14. Major General Alfred Pleasonton will at once proceed to Jefferson City, Mo., and assume temporary command of all troops now operating from that place against the army of General Sterling Price.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, MO, October 6, 1864- 8 a. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff;

A report from the advance cavalry scouts on Boeuf Creek says Price is crossing, fording th Gasconade seventeen miles from Boeuf Creek, and marmaduke gone up the river road, so reported by prisoners taken belonging to his command.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 6, 1864- 8. 20 a. .

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.:

How much longer am I to hold on before I can move to the front! When and where will Mower join me! Two brigades of General Pike's command are here waiting for rations and ammunition. Please answer immediately. I want to move Colonel Shaw to the front, as there is no water at the Summit.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, MO., October 6, 1864- 8.30 a. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff:

General Pike has telegraphed General Miller to come forward. Do you require him ont he line he now occupies!

A. J. SMITH,

major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 6, 1864- 10.25 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH:

General Pike has no authority to order except through you. General Miller cannot be spared.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff.

