
SAINT LOUIS, MO, October 6, 1864- 11.12 a. m.

General A. J. SMITH:

Steam- boats left last nighty for Mower. He has been asked to use every effort to get here soon. mower will join by river and rail; Pike should have received ammunition last night. Camp anywhere near river where you can find water. When the general comes will telegraph fully.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

FRANKLIN, October 6, 1864- 9 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis:

Colonel Catherwood reports from Union that he has heard of a large column of rebel cavalry moving from Saint Clair toward the Jefferson City road, and that he is just starting for them. A number of citizens ont he Franklin and Potosi road are flocking into town and bring a report that a large number of Indians are approaching this place. It is the column alluded to by Colonel Catherwood I have no doubt.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1864- 10.45 p. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Gray's Summit:

I have waited till news came of the enemy's crossing tho Osage. We have no bridge train. If you now move to Linn you can at least command all the country this side of the Osage, and Mower's boats can ascend the Missouri to near its mouth from Linn. You can form a junction with Mower, and by means of the stem- boats cross the Osage. i will send some barges up with Mower to form a bridge. Try and keep open communication with me so that I can give you the news. I will have the telegraph repaired and the cars to run as far as Boeuf Creek. You can move as early as you please to- morrow. Mower will be in Missouri by to-morrow night, and will ascend as far as Hermann in twenty hours at latest. Dispatches from Jefferson City say the rebels forced the passage of the Osage tat Rock Castle this afternoon. The whole force cannot, however, have crossed.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-Genera.

FRANKLIN, October 6, 1864- 8.15; p.m.

Colonel SHAW,

Gray's Summit:

All the citizens on the Franklin and Potosi road are flocking into town and bring a report that a large body of Indians are approaching this place. I can hardly believe the report, but it is well to be on your guard and have everything in readiness for a warm reception. In case you should hear firing at this point send a portion of you command here at once with artillery. Have a cavalry picket out on the Union road.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

