SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 82. Gray's Summit, Mo., October 6, 1864.

* * * * * *

VI. The detachment of the Twenty- fourth Missouri Infantry Volunteers, at present serving with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, are hereby ordered to proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., reporting to th adjutant-general of the State of Missouri for assignment to duty in such regiments as the general commanding department may direct. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation,.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel William T. Shaw:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU. October 6, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have just arrived with my command at this place. I have 4,500 infantry, 1,500 cavalry, and two batteries of artillery. Will yo send me boats to transport my command to Saint Louis. I sent you a dispatch on the 3rd instant, asking for necessary transportation to carry my command to Saint Louis if you thought it necessary. Have you received it! Lieutenant Christensen, my aide- de- camp, is at Centralia, Ill. please answer at that place.

J. A. MOWER,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 6, 1864- 9.35 p. m.

Major General J. A. MOWER,

Cape Girardeau:

Your dispatch received. Boats have been sent for you. You are wanted badly.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 6, 1864.

Major- General MOWER,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: There were five steamers now lying at the levee ready to receive troops. The capacity of each is equal to 400 men without horses, or 20 men each with 125 horses each. You can, therefore, ship 2,00 men and equipments, or 1,000 men and 600 horses. I f the boats can stat by daylight they can make Saint Louis before dark. The Shamrock will afford you personally the best accommodation and the quickest passage.

I have the honor to be, your, respectfully,

C. THOMSON,

First Lieutenant Aide- de- Camp.

