
JEFFERSON CITY, October 6, 1864.

Colonel CRAWFORD,

Sedalia;

The enemy appear to be advancing in force and are across the Osage with their advance. They will probably cut the lines to- night, and you must depend on scouts and spies for information. You should move your command in this direction, skirmish with small parties, and keep in the field so as to harass them and not be gobbled up. Live on the country and hide valuables.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

STOCKTON, October 6, 1864.

Colonel BRUTSCHE:

DEAR SIR: I am in possession of reliable reports that a rebel and bushwhacking force of 400, scattered from the 	Osage River above Osceola to opposite Mount Vernon and Carthage, are awaiting and holding themselves in readiness, when they get some artillery help of Stand Watie, Wheeler, or others, to capture and burn this post. I send you a copy of an intercepted letter* I got hold of several days ago. Daily evidence since that confirms my opinions. I shall defend to the best o my ability and have but little fears unless the bring cannon. Could you or General Holland send us a small piece or two of artillery and a company to man it!

In haste, your most obedient servant,

D. H. CONNAWAY,

Captain Co. M, 7th Pro. Regiment Enrolled Mo. Mil., in U. S. Service,.

P. S.- The Vernon County records are here. I have sent out most of ours.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1864.- 12.30 a. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

The enemy's main force camped Sunday night at union; Monday, twelve miles beyond; Tuesday, twenty- two miles beyond Union; Wednesday, probably at the Gasconade. You have not the whole force to contend with yet. Smash the heads of their columns. They ciphered around Pilot Knob a day and half before they got ready to attack. You can hold them longer, and if we can get them between the Meramec and the Osage they will fare badly.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 6, 1864.- 10.10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

McNeil and Sanborn with 2,500 men and ten pieces of artillery on the Osage within ten miles of the capital. Their scouts report the enemy about 15,000 strong advancing on us fromthe Gasconade. We are ready for them.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

*Not found as inclosure.

