
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1864.

(Received 12.30 a. m. 7th)

General FISK:

General Pleasonton will leave Saint Louis for Jefferson City to- night. Send out a sufficient escort of cavalry to meet him on the Fulton and Mexico road, and escort him to Jefferson City and a train of artillery ammunition.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 6, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The best route for yourself or General Pleasonton would be via Mexico, but your escort should be strong. Four hundred or 500 guerrillas could concentrate against you. The enemy are gradually crossing the Osage, and our boys are peppering them sharply. The rebels approach with the most infernal yells, but the Missouri boys are not to be frightened. Brown, McNeil, Sanborn, and myself have just closed a council of war; one that fights, too. The position of every man, when we have to take the trenches, has been agreed upon. The infantry forces and dismounted cavalry are now moving to their assigned places. McNeil has the right fromthe river, at College Hill, one- third the line; Brown chooses the left; Sanborn takes the center. Your telegram has been published in general orders, and the boys toss up their hats for old "Rosey."

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

We arrived here a few minutes since. Price in bad condition. Shall reach you some time. I can get orders by telegraph.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 6, 1864- 8.50 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Virginia Hotel:

GENERAL: By the messenger that brought the inclosed I learn that Major Kelly is at the mouth of the Moreau. If this is so, the road between him and General Sanborn, where it crosses th Moreau,is not guarded, and the enemy may pass Colonel Philips and get between him and General Sanborn. I have sent a messenger to Major Kelly with a dispatch to Colonel Philips, advising him of the situation.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN.

