
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, October 6, 1864.

GENERAL: The general commanding has just received the following from Colonel Philips, dated 6.30 p. m., near Taos:

No fighting now; enemy advancing slowly at 5 p. m. Think the artillery went to Bolton's Ford. major Mullins not heard from since he fell back at Price's place. He has my ambulances. Have them ordered to me if he can be found. Send us something to eat at the Moreau bridge. We are very hungry and worn out. No rations reached us to- day. What news have you from Bolton's Ford!

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Seventh Calvary Missouri State Militia.

I am, general, very respectfully,

W. T. CLARKE,

First lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, October 6, 1864.

Lieutenant W. T. CLARKE,

Aide- de- Camp, Jefferson City:

In answer to your communication of this date, as to what troops are now at the front, &amp;c., I would inform the general commanding that there are 1,500 cavalry under Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Calvary Missouri State Militia, with instructions to fight the advance of the enemy fiercely, and when compelled to fall back and take position on the west bank of the Moreau. General s McNeil and Sanborn are ordered to move in the direction of Castle Rock with light troops and mountain howitzers, with the same instruction that have been given to Colonel Philips.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B./ BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

Push out the militia with al possible dispatch; every available man must be sent this way with the least possible delay. Suspend all business int he towns until the best of protection is complete. Vigor and determination are the words. The entire State must rally to meet the invaders.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1864- 5.20 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Mexico, Mo.:

What force have you at Mexico! Can you furnish a cavalry escort through to Jefferson City, and how strong! Are the roads safe,and how long will it take to go through!

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide- de- Camp.

