HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., September 5, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I received to-day from different sources reports that General Price is gathering his force at Augusta. One party reports 6,000; another much more-15,000 to 18,000. This information comes from rebel soldiers connected with Shelby's force. The intention is to attack this place and move on to Missouri to conscript,&amp;c. I have sent out a lieutenant and twenty-five men with a letter to Colonel Winslow giving him the information which I now give you. They will reach him to-night or to-morrow. I have also sent a cavalry scout out to communicate with the sunken boat Elwood. They will report to-night, and I will continue to communicate with he boat until she is relieved. Will troops be sent to me to relieve the One hundred and forty-third Illinois and Forty-seventh Iowa, 100-days' men? I will advise you of Colonel Winslow's movements on the return of my scout. Colonel Winslow will find forage int he country, as the early corn is fit for use.

With compliments to the general, I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM CROOKS,

Colonel Sixth Minnesota Infantry, Commanding District

LITTLE ROCK, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

Did you send to Washburn for troops? Price and Fagan were reported by a woman to be at Benton last night. I think it probable that their cavalry, or the principal part of it, has gone up the Arkansas to cross and operate in our rear. Our communication with Pine Bluff and Lewisburg are still cut. I fear that two steamers loaded with supplies for Fort Smith have been captured, as the last we heard of them they were aground this side of Lewisburg. A scout has been sent out on that road. West's command had arrived at Austin yesterday. Three regiments were ordered to take station there, and the rest, consisting of detachments, were ordered to join their respective commands. We must get more infantry here as soon as possible. Our defenses on the right to the line do not amount to much. Please hurry forward troops as fast as transportation can be provided. I will send a cipher dispatch to General Canby. I predicted in a letter to him over two months ago this state of affairs. He promised that all the troops that had been ordered to me should come, and said he had a reserve force at Morganza. I thought a boat was going down the river to-day or I should have dispatched to General Canby.

F. STEELE

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, September 5, 1864-12 m.

Major General F. STEELE

Little Rock:

Last evening I sent a letter to General Washburn informing him of our situation and what you telegraphed me about the enemy, and

