
MEXICO, MO, October 6, 1864- 6 p. m.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide- de- Camp:

I have 218 men,infantry. I have no cavalry. Roads fair; fifty miles distant,

S. M. WIRT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

MACON, October 6, 1864.

General FISK:

I have about 500 men of Colonel Woodruff's command and about 200 of Colonel Phillips'. Shall I send Colonel Phillips to Glasgow as you directed and keep him on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad! These men have no arms, &amp;c.; will take sometime to arm them. Thrailkill, with about 300 men, is at the Mussel Ford; they have killed Captain Stanley, so reported.

WM. FORBES,

Colonel Forty- second missouri Volunteers.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 6, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM FORBES,

Macon, Mo.:

Colonel Phillips must be armed before going to Glasgow. He should hurry forward with all possible dispatch. The 200 men of Keytesville I fear will be too light a force for the increasing hordes of guerrillas. You must use your own judgment as to sending them. The enemy are steadily advancing upon the capital. Their advance is only four miles distant. We are fighting time on the Moreau to- night. To-morrow they will probably invest ;us.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MOUTH OF CEDAR, October 6, 1864.

General C. B. FISK:

GENERAL: Captain Whisenand, First Iowa Cavalry, reports to me that he reconnoitered down the Missouri River to- day about ten miles and learned from citizens that there was a rebel force in Portland yesterday, said to be 200 men, and commanded by Bill Anderson. Should this be so and he has not crossed the river I will have to fight him, Gordon, Todd &Co., as soon as the fight commences at Jefferson City. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, October 6, 1864- 10.30 a. m.

JACK CONGDEN:

U. S. line between Sedalia and Jefferson City was cut at 5 p. m. yesterday. Operator at Sedalia tells me that he hears cannonading in direction of Jefferson City this morning. Cannonading was heard in that direction from here early this morning.

BANCROFT.

