
led to a misunderstanding. i meant simply this: that in my judgment the militia should be in camp preparing for the worst; not only of the border counties but of at least three tiers westward. As they now stand, without any drill and discipline, with scarcely any ammunition, they are little better than a rabble, which might be made very serviceable in a few days. There are no troops between us and the osage River, where Shelby is reported with cavalry, and I cannot see what is to prevent him from making a dash at Fort Scott, due west of him but two days' march. I judge of the enemy's movements, or rather intention, by my own feelings, supposing myself in Shelby's place. The union forces seem to be all on the east of price and only concentrating as yet for the defense of certain points, leaving his cavalry to look westward for pillage on the people they long to plunder. There seems to be no disposition ont he part to ft e State authorities to render a hearty co- operation to the military on this border, but rather desire to be consulted and caressed on the subject, for fear a misstep politically might be taken in calling out the militia suddenly. I speak as I feel, with all due respect to the State powers that be, hence my resolve to "call out my command, face the enemy, and let the State take care of herself." I do not mean by this that the enemy is now on the border, but in case he threatens us (as I would do were I in his place) I would not wait for the militia to turn out. I would not make any positive move or concentration without promptly notifying yo, and I would not wait for the militia to turn out. I would not make any positive move or concentration without promptly notifying you, and I will be more careful in future as to language. I received a telegram to- day from Colonel Ford, commanding adjoining counties of missouri, in answer to an inquiry, that he had eight companies of the Second Colorado at pleasant Hill, tow at Kansas City, and two at Independence, thus strengthening Olathe. In my opinion Fort Scott would be the point, if any. I have had no further report from Colonel Plumb regarding the foragers, but will have your instruction carried out should it be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

PAOLA, KANS., October 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel P. B. PLUMB,

Olathe, Kans.:

Place the militia in camp and have rations issued to them for fie days at a time. Have your quartermaster provide shelter- tens and cooking utensils for each company, and set the companies right to work drilling.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 6, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

How are matters in your vicinity! Rebel forces have steadily advanced up the Missouri to the Osage. If they come an inch farther the whole militia force of Kansas will be called out, and I hope they will shut up shop and join in movements to clean out the surrounding country. not a word from Saint Louis for several days. Jefferson City is pretty strong, preparing to resist anticipated attack, but I must

43 R R- VOL XLI, PT III

