
watch for rebels below. Some talk of Shelby hanging around Saint Louis while Price turns up westward. Have good scouts going and coming south and east. Ford, of my command,is now in Missouri at Pleasant Hill.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

FORT SCOTT, October 6, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

My scouts extend fifty miles east and seventy south and are going night and day. My whole command is ready to march at a moment's notice whenever the word is given. The militia here will turn out to a man. There are some 200 or 300 men of the command below whom Colonel Jennison talks of sending below. They are dismounted and but half of them armed. Had they not better be kept here and have infantry arms issued to them for use while here. It is scarcely safe for them to try to get back, as Cooper's force is only twenty miles south of Gibson. You may depend that I shall not be found asleep, but will be ready in all respects when the time of action comes. Everything quiet here.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 6, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

What has Jennison to do with sending troops below! Are they Thayer's troops! If they are they should await to escort a train which I want to send as soon as I get Thayer's approval and my own. I wish no movement south till we get the east all right. Glad to hear the militia will turn out. Thurston says they will also at Humboldt. Have public informed of probable coming event; every man's haversack and cartridge- box ready to sling.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, October 6, 1864.

Major-Genera CURTIS:

All right. I will have the militia organized and ready as far as possible before the all. may thanks.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT, KANS.,October 6, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM GALLAHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: The troops now at this post that belong to your command will start from here as soon as it is thought safe for them to go, which will be in a few days. Price is near Jefferson City.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Calvary, Commanding Post.

