
Fort Laramie recently I induced these bands to make war upon the hostile Indians, promising them a reward for each scalp taken. I approve the request of Major Wood from y own recent personal observation on the spot.

I am, major, you very obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 6, 1864.

Colonel JOHN C. McFERRAN,

Chief Quartermaster:

COLONEL: I have official information that agreeably with instructions the post and sub- depot at Tucson, Ariz., have by this time been broken up. The property and material generally have been distributed to the posts of Tubac, Fort Bowie,a nd Fort Goodwin. As soon as the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers have marched away from Fort Goodwin, as will be ordered on the 8th instant, the garrisons of the three posts above named will, until further orders, be as follows: Tubac, Ariz., one company of First Cavalry California Volunteers; Fort Goodwin, Ariz., on company of cavalry California Volunteers, and one company of infantry, New Mexico Volunteers; Fort Cummings, at Cook's Springs, N. Mex., will be garrisoned by one company of infantry, New Mexico Volunteers.

This information is given that you may give the necessary instructions with regard to the employes, means of transportation, &amp;c., which it may be necessary to have retained at each of these posts. Fort Bowie and Fort Cumming are building, and the troops at Tubac and Fort Goodwin will necessarily have a great deal of scouting to do and a reasonable amount of express service.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMS H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, October 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN COOK:

(Care General Sibley, Saint Paul, Minn.)

You are assigned tao command District of Illinois, and are accordingly relieved from court- martial and will report to these headquarters without delay.

JNO. POPE,

Major- General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, October 6, 1864.

General H. E. PAINE,

Springfield, Ill.:

General Cook, now at Saint Paul, cannot possibly reach Springfield before Monday. I telegraphed him to- day to lose no time in reporting.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

