HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, October 6, 1864.

Major J. F. MELINE,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis:

MAJOR: The two additional companies of the U. S. Volunteers with fifty- five of the sixty- eight unassigned enlisted and drafted men named in the two special orders from headquarters District of Wisconsin arrived here last evening and were directed to proceed immediately to Fort Snelling. I have ordered them to Fort Ridgely two re-enforce the outposts ont he line north and south of that post. While there are some good men in the small detachments of rebel deserters which have been sent to this district during the past season, there are many desperate characters among them who do not hesitate at the commission of any crime or outrage, and who desert whenever they have the chance. These men could be controlled and made serviceable in large garrisons, but the peculiar nature of the service int is district requires the force to be divided into numerus small parties, and these deserters cannot generally be trusted in such situations. I respectfully request that no more of this class be sent here. I have now between 200 and 300 of them, and it requires about an equal force of other men to guard and keep order among them,. Many even of the companies of the U. S. Volunteers are said to be outspoken traitors who do not attempt to conceal there sentiments. Nor do all of these companies appear to be under the proper control of their line officers. I have been unofficially informed that Company S, which was detailed as a part of the escort to a train of supplies from Fort Ridgely to Fort Wadsworth, pillaged one oft he wagons, containing commissary stores, during the first night out fromthe former post, of articles to the value of $200 or more. I shall direct an investigation into the facts. These men can only be managed by the exercise of iron determination and discipline, and so long as out general courts- martial are content to visit high military crimes with the trivial penalties which have hitherto characterized their proceedings in this district no good effect will be produced by the trial of offenders,m but the contrary. A few of the most refractory should be shot without hesitation, when they evince insubordination in the slightest degree,in order to produce a proper impression on the remainder.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, October 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major- General Halleck for his information. Most of the troops sent here which have been enlisted from rebel deserters and refugees are untrustworthy and entirely amenable to the charges contained in this letter.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 7, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding military Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I regret exceedingly that I had not the pleasure of meeting you again before leaving the squadron from which the Government

