
headquarters, ordering it to Natchez, Miss., till such time as it is relieved by the Seventy- seventh Illinois Volunteers, under orders to proceed to this city from Morganza.

* * * * * *

By command of Major- General Hurlbut:

C. S. SARGENT,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

Major- Genera Herron went to New Orleans last night as requested by General Canby. Just as he was starting a dispatch was received from Brigadier-General Lee, at Clinton, La., announcing that he had captured that place at 9 a. m. yesterday, 6th instant, with many stores mails, and prisoners,among them one colonel. General Herron heard at the same time of the withdrawal of you force form Bayou Sara, and directed me to notify you and request that you send a small force with cavalry to [sic] Lee will send out a detachment east from Clinton and also one toward the river. He has men enough to take care of Scott's force. I sent this by letter per steamer Colonel Cowles to- day, the lines being down. As they are now working I take the liberty to repeat the same. Information states Woodville, Miss., is occupied by the forces of Major-General Dana.

W. H. CLARK,

Chief of Staff.

BATON ROUGE, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER;

I am in receipt of a dispatch from major- General Herron, at New Orleans,in answer to one of mine I sent some hours ago informing him that the wires were down and asking if I should send his message to you by steamer Cowles. He says: "I have just arrived. You need not send the dispatch."

W. H. CLARK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 7, 1864.

General DANIEL ULLMANN,

Commanding U. S. Colored Forces:

I am directed by the brigadier- general commanding to call you attention to the fact that the pickets or grand guards of your command on the Fordoche road have at three or four different times challenged parties provided with passes from these headquarters, and compelled them to go 200 yards fromthe road to have their papers examined by the lieutenant of the guard. The general directs that you at once cause your guard to be instructed not to interfere in anywise with paries passing on that road. The regular pickets of the command are beyond your guards with instructions deemed sufficient for all cases and for the safety of the command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

