HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, L., October 7, 1864.

Colonel E. J. DAVIS,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: Th general commanding directs that you send what you deem a sufficient force down as far as Livonia, starting to- morrow morning, to reconnoiter the country for th purpose of ascertaining if the enemy are crossing at Lyon's Ferry, or making any movement indicating such an intention on their part. The party will return as soon as they determine these facts. I inclose you a statement* made by a scout who came from beyond the Atchafalaya to-day.

Respectfully,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, October 7, 1864.

(Received 4.50 p. .)

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is no brigade organization at Port Hudson. The regiments and batteries there are the Seventy- sixth, Seventy- eight, Eighty- fist Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry, the Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry, the Twelfth Massachusetts and Second Vermont Batteries. There are two brigades of U. S. Colored Troops at Morganza, viz, Provisional Brigade, consisting of the Sixth- second and Sixty- fifth and Sixty- seventh regiments U. S . Colored Infantry; the First Brigade, Corps d'Afrique, consisting of the Seventy- third, Seventy- fifth, Eighty- fourth, and Ninety- second Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry. The Ninety- ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry is also there as engineer troops. The whole is taken as ullmann's division, U. S. Colored Troops, but I am not aware that the division, U. S. Colored Troops, but I am not aware that the division is organized by any authority. Colonel A. J. Edgerton, of Sixty- seventh, commanding the Provisional Brigade, Colonel Frisbie, of the Ninety- second, commanding the First Brigade. All regiments and batteries at Port Hudson report direct to me.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 245. Little Rock, October 7, 1864.

* * * * * *

VIII. The detachment of the First Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty in this department and will report without delay to the headquarters of the regiment, now in the Department of Kansas, with as little delay as possible. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

