HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark, October 7, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: A communication signed by Robert Townsend, commander of the U. S. iron-clad Essex, in which he complained of the neglect said to exist in regard to the forwarding of freight from this point up White River, was received this p. m. Allow me to say in reply that for a time there was considerable trouble in this respect, and for which the assistant quartermasters at memphis and other points above are alone responsible. until within a few days past the water in White River responsible. Until within a few days past the water in White River has been extremely low, scarcely more than three feet on some of the bars. The quartermasters at Memphis, as I have been informed by steam- boat captains, well knew this, but instead of profiting by it have without almost a single exception overloaded every boat bound up White River. The consequence has been that a portion of their freight necessarily had to be left on the river- bank at this point, or on the banks at different points along White River, where there was considerable fright strewn along that stream, but as fast as steamers came out of White River right they have almost without exception been sent back to gather up the freight and carry it to its destination, and now the river is entirely clear. There is still quite a quantity of freight on the bank her, also several barges awaiting transportation, but it is being gotten off as fast as possible. Boats out of White River report five feet of water; therefore there need be no further struggle. It was necessary for me to detain two boats and several barges here yesterday because of my having to send one brigade of troops to General Steele, as per his request. Hoping the explanation I have given will be satisfactory,

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Numbers 67. Helena, Ark., October 7, 1864.

Having received orders fromthe War Department which compel my temporary absence from this district, I hereby turn over the command to Colonel William Crooks, Sixth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers.

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier- General, U. S. Volunteers.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, October 7, 1864- 9.30 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

I have no news whatever. In the Cotton Plant country I presume 100 colored recruits might be procured, and some good horses. If any force goes there it should be before the Cache River rises. I have no adequate force to send, having in cavalry only seventy- six privates in the Eleventh missouri Cavalry for duty. The cavalry force has never been so small here before, I believe. It is apparent that I have not the means to undertake the most ordinary military enterprise.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

