HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark, October 7, 1864.

Colonel MIZNER,

Commanding, Brownsville Station, Ark.:

Apart of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry is ordered to report to you, and will arrive to- night. You will take 600 men of your own regiment and the Ninth Kansas Cavalry and move to- morrow morning for Lewisburg, where you will receive further orders. Should the Ninth Kansas Cavalry not arrive you will leave orders for it to follow. You should take as many rations as possible, at least ten days'. Should you hear of any considerable force of the enemy while on your route you will march against and attack them, sending information to these headquarters; but you will not allow yourself to be drawn out of your way by any small bodies of bushwhackers.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON:

Poe['s battalion is operating on the Saline below Mount Elba and Benton. At 8 o'clock this morning they had Dobbs' spy company surrounded about twenty- five miles from here south on the Benton road. Please watch the movements of the enemy; they may move up the other side of the Saline for the purpose of assisting Price. A man just from Missouri says Price was moving toward Sedalia and that Shelby had been defeated and his troops dispersed at Pilot Knob. Did you send Ritter to mount	 Elba!

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 7, 1864.

Major- General STEELE:

Ritter and Erskine stated for Monticello at daylight this morning. I ordered Ritter, in case he found no enemy at Monticello, to cross Bayou Bartholomew and come up between it and the Arkansas River, if practicable; if not, to come back by Mount Elba.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Operator at Jefferson City reports firing heard in front; probably Price's advance fighting our advance. Also, operator at Lexington reports Anderson with about 500 men advancing within five miles of this place. Citizens armed to resist him. I have Colonel Ford advanced to Pleasant Hill, but Lexington and Jefferson too far for my forces to operate. Any news of Mower or Smith against Price's rear!

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

