
SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 11.17 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Two regiments ordered to relieve your troops at Franklin. Take the Second Missouri Cavalry (Merrill's) with you. The other portion of your command not her yet.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

FRANKLIN, October 7, 1864- 1.30 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff:

What has become of Mower's cavalry, and what way does it come to join us!

A. J. SMITH,

Major- General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 2.15 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH, Franklin:

General Mower will be shipped from Girardeau as fast as he can get aboard; part of his forces are doubtless now on the way. The shortest, and the most sure way, will be for the boats to ascend the Missouri River at once, land the cavalry, and put himself in communication with you, moving his forces by water to that point which will best meet the exigencies of the future. In my dispatch of last evening I assumed that you could reach Linn, and then Mower could come to near the mouth of the Osage, and from there you could both move on Price by that route which should be found best. Price will probably attack Jefferson to- day or to- morrow.l We have force enough to give him a terrible repulse. Pleasonton will be there to-night if nothing sinister occurs. If we beat Price, he will move west, and Mower can then proceed up the river. I will have boats in the Missouri ready for your use. I think your movement plenty early enough to the Gasconade. How long will it take you to reach that river, and what news have you!

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GRAY'S SUMMIT, October 7, 1864- 2.20 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS:

I will each the Gasconade by Sunday evening, the 9th, and probably earlier,if we find no opposition to our progress. I believe I have nothing new that I have not telegraphed you this morning. If you have anything of importance for me, telegraph to this office until 3 a. m. the 8th, and after that to Washington and other advanced offices as they open. Adios, amigo.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 10.20 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Mower is probably on the river now coming up. We have no cavalry, but will send some if it can be fund. Let us know what you want, and if in the department shall have it. Adios.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

