SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 7, 1864.

I. Captain Samuel E. Roberts, commanding Company B, Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Springfield, Mo., will move with his command and camp and garrison equipage to- morrow morning to Mount Vernon, Mo., and report to the commanding officer of that post for duty.

II. Captain E. J. Morris, commanding Company E, Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Mount Vernon, Mo., will move at once with his command and camp and garrison equipage to Springfield, Mo., and report to the commanding officer of the post for duty.

III. Lieutenant G. B. Shubert, regimental quartermaster Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will immediately upon receipt of this order proceed to Rolla, Mo., and report to Brigadier-General McNeil, commanding District of Rolla, Mo. Commanding officer of Lebanon, Mo., will furnish Lieutenant Shubert, regimental quartermaster Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, an escort of one commissioned officer and fifty enlisted men.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn:

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Rolla, Mo.:

Please send ont he news. Had none for a week.

J. D . BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEOSHO, October 7, 1864.

Colonel BRUTSCHE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southwest District, Springfield:

COLONEL: I have the honor of informing you that Major Piercey has passed down south. He passed down on the night of the 3rd instant, and is reported to be camped down on Cowskin River. I am going to start a scout down to ascertain his whereabouts and the whereabouts of Stand Watie. I do not think there is a very heavy force near here; only guerrilla parties. I am now engaged moving the hay from Granby to Newtonia, and when that is completed and Companies B and M, Eighth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, are moved down here, I shall be able to get up a scout heavy enough to whip any force of rebels within striking distance of this place. I will report to you any and every move of any force of rebels south of this post at the earliest opportunity.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Major Eighth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

