HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 7, 1864.

Major JOHN COSGROVE, Lebanon:

How many arms do you need! I will try to supply them. Call the home guards into service the moment you can arm and use them. You are hereby authorized to issue rations and forage to them and Colonel Palmer's regiment. Look out for rations and ammunition, and make you rations hold out till 20th instant; if necessary issue two- thirds or less and all beef. Four hundred rebels reported west of here. Reports say Stand Watie is concentrating. I do not believe it.

J. D. BRUTSCHE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 7, 1864- 11.15 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The enemy have not as yet made any assault upon us. They advanced in force from the Moreau at 10 o'clock this morning on the Bolton Ferry road, pushing us within our intrenchments. They were until night- fall extending their lines around us. They are evidently massing on our right and center with the intention of assaulting in the morning. Their line is about four miles and strong. We are making every preparation to meet them at any point on our lines. Our troops stood up bravely against their advance to-day. Our casualties are less than 4 killed and wounded. Our artillery was well handled, as the dead and wounded of the enemy gave evidence. An assault will cost the enemy dearly. They may move right on and strike the river at some point above this. We are also ready for such movement.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 7, 1864- 1.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I am just in fromthe front. The ball is opening earnestly. We have fought them sharply from the Moreau bridge, on the Bolton road, killing and wounding a large number. Our loss as yet inconsiderable. Our men are now forming in the trenches. The enemy are in full view just beyond the Fair Grounds. Our artillery is laying upon them effectively.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, U. S. FORCES,Jefferson, City, October 7, 1864.

[Brigadier General C. B. FISK:]

GENERAL: From m y headquarters I notice considerable of a movement of the enemy toward your right on the hill beyond the valley in front of General Sanborn. I have ordered strong lines of skirmishers. I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

44 R R- VOL XLI, PT III

