
confirms this. It was also confidently stated the General Price would cross the Arkansas at Clarksville with 9,000 men and combine with Shelby in a raid to Missouri. This may throw some light upon the enemy's movements south of the Arkansas.

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., September 5, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER NINTH KANSAS CAVALRY:

SIR: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send scouting parties of fifty men each on the Fort Smith and Maumelle roads out some fifteen or twenty miles. These parties will start at daylight, and must be warned not to commit any depredations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS POST,Lewisburg, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR,

Commanding District of Little Rock:

GENERAL: Colonel Stirman, C. S. Army, with 300 well-mounted men, crossed by fording the Arkansas River at Dardanelle yesterday, camping last night at Russellville, going toward Dover, where Jackman is with 100 men. Cabell's command is reported as being on South Fourche. From reliable authority I learn that Colonel Gordon's command will cross the river at Dardanelle on Thursday next. Gordon is now on the Fourche. The Chippewa unloaded the commissary stores here, and returned to Van's Bar for quartermaster stores left at that place. Will return here in the morning. River falling. Telegraph down on the Little Rock section. Captain Napier, of the Third Arkansas Cavalry, had a fight with Witt on Thursday last eight miles from Quitman; killed 7 of Witt's men and captured Captain Livingston and 4 men. Witt retreated toward Jacksonport.

Yours, respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., September 5, 1864-2 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m. 6th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Washburn writes from Memphis on the 2nd that Shelby has cut the railroad to Little Rock. Pine Bluff is reported captured and Devall's Bluff threatened; that he is satisfied that Price Marmaduke and Shelby are preparing for a big raid into this State; that he has sent Mower's division to succor Devall's Bluff, and suggests that A. J. Smith's division will pass Cairo in three days, unless diverted. What do you think of the relative risk of public interests by halting him a

