HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Jefferson City, October 7, 1864- 6 p. m.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Jefferson City:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my advance has been thrown one mile and a half beyond the lines, and report no enemy found except a picket of four men.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 7, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

We have fought the enemy sharply from the Moreau bridge on the Bolton Ferry road, doing him considerable damage. Our loss as yet inconsiderable. We are now withdrawing into the trenches. A large force investing us. No news from re- enforcements. Will give them the best fight we can, and may God give us victory.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 7.35 p. m.

Brigadier- General DOUGLASS,

In the Field:

Can you arrange for escorting any ammunition that we may want to send from Mexico, or some other convenient point on the North Missouri Railroad, to Jefferson City during the next two days?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

HANNIBAL AND SAINT JOSEPH RAILROAD COMPANY,

Hannibal, Mo., October 7, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: In company with other I yesterday sent you a dispatch suggesting that some help could be obtained from Iowa if needed. I would now say more particularly that if the forces now south of the Missouri River are not allowed to cross I think we can raise force enough north of the river to take care of the rebel bands now with us. But if Price's force should in part cross to the north of the Missouri and seek to overrun or occupy this country, there is no adequate available force to check him, as we are now situated. We have soldiers, largely raw militia, posted at various points between here and Saint Joseph, and also on the North Missouri Railroad. Now, if the rebel bands now in our midst were to destroy communication on the line of these roads, as I think they could easily do, there is not a post between here and Saint Joseph which these villains could not capture in detail, unless it be Macon,a nd I think they cold take that. These men have mostly sought plunder, abut if in connection with Price's raid they

