
should mean fight, our troops might soon share the fate of our men at Centralia. Where you are you can best judge of the situation and the necessities of our case prospectively. I am no alarmist and have no personal fears with the militia called out. I can take care of my sub- district so far as I can see into the future, but the central part of the State is more exposed and worse off. Anticipating the state of affairs now existing some months since, Governor Stone told others and myself that he would be prepared to aid us if needed. I will say further, that the largest part of the arms- bearing population now at home north of the river are of that class who have in so many instances of late, when in service, surrendered and leaving the country, so that the reliable men left with us are not very numerous. Others with whom I have conversed are most urgent that a large force shall be thrown in, who can clear up this country speedily. If this can be done and root out the old seed we need never have another like crop of traitors.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. T . K. HAYWARD.

SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 4.10 p. m.

Colonel FORBES, Macon City:

Open telegraphic communication to Allen, and if possible keep it open. Keep open the North Missouri and Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroads.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major- General.

MEXICO, October 7, 1864- 8 a. m.

Major- General ROSECRANS:

I have had no communication with General Douglass for fifteen days. No cavalry in reach of this post to my knowledge. Two hundred of the Thirty- ninth Missouri Infantry and four companies of colored soldiers stationed here.

FRANK D. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 7, 1864- 11.33 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Mexico:

The general commanding directs that you keep him advised of whatever is going on in your vicinity,a nd report promptly any news that you may have.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide- de- Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, October 7, 1864- 8.20 p. m.

Major F. D. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mexico:

Assistant Adjutant- General, Mexico:

Who commands the post of Mexico! Do you know where General Douglass is!

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

