
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 7, 1864- 4 p. m.

Major RABB,

Saint Charles, Mo.:

Hold the Forty- second Missouri at Mexico as guards for the ammunition until the y get word from General Pleasonton, at Jefferson City, or from some one in authority. Meanwhile inquire for General Douglass, and communicate with him. Keep me informed of military matters within your knowledge.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HANNIBAL, October 7, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Representatives from several counties between here and Saint Joseph have conferred together and believe there is urgent need of help north of the river. Should communication on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph road be cut, as may be easily done, there are but few points where the force is strong enough to resist Anderson and Todd's gang, who could massacre in detail. Governor Stone, of Iowa, some time since promised to aid Missouri in this emergency. We urge you to call on him for 500 men (militia) to operate in North Missouri at once. Our relievable Union man are springing to arms (none can live int he country), but they are too few. Reply whether anything can be done.

J. T. K. HAYWARD,

W. R. FOX,

M. P. GREEN,

A. L. GILSTRAP,

Macon County.

W. R. LOVE,

Linn County.

D. W. WILSON,

Knox County.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., October 7, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General Blunt came upon a party of Arapahoes and other hostile Indians, supposed to be 4,000, with 1,500 warriors, ont he 25th ultimo. This was about 100 miles west of Larned on the Pawnee Fork. The Indians overpowered the advance, but the main force coming up routed and pursued them. nine dead Indians were left, and we lost 2 killed and 7 wounded. General Blunt's force was less than 500. He pursued for several days.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, October 7, 1864.

His Excellency Governor T. CARNEY, Leavenworth City:

GOVERNOR: On full consideration I do not think it advisable to apply for the Ninth Kansas, as it was the last to leave, and is now farther away than other Kansas regiments, and quite inaccessible. If ordered it would be of no use to us, probably, for months, and during that time, if ordered,it would impair our influence in securing available

