
1 p. m. - Operator at Jefferson hears heavy guns four miles out.

5.30.- Operator says fighting has ceased. Had been out. Troops in good spirits. Expect hard fighting to- morrow.

OPERATOR.

PLEASANT HILL, October 7, 1864.

Major- General CURTIS:

I arrived here to- night from Independence and start southeast in the morning. The bushwhackers in Northwest Missouri are to cross the river between Rocheport and Glasgow, and leaving men enough in th at country to cross the river between Rocheport and Glasgow, and leaving men enough in that country to destroy the railroad tracks and prevent troops going into your department, and also the Pacific Railroad, between Jefferson City and Warrensburg. As soon as the command at Independence is withdrawn, or only one company left there, Captain Tyler will dash in and attempt to take the town while Captain Hope cuts the Pacific Railroad and holds Independence, so as to prevent concentration of troops in this quarter. There are no bushwhackers now in the Sni Hills; there are about forty in the Fire Prairie country twelve miles east of Independence.

HERMAN.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

There operator at Jefferson City says fighting has ceased for the day. our troops are in good spirits. Expect a desperate fight to- morrow.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

(Same to Colonel Blair)

FORT SCOTT, October 7, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Have just received a letter from Colonel Wattles, at Gibson, dated October 4 at 4 p. m. Gano has gone with the captured train and prisoners to Tyler, The., sending his battery and part of his command to Cooper. Colonel Wattles says Cooper is undoubtedly north of the Arkansas, and it is his opinion that he will strike up near the Kansas border to attack the next train. Two prisoners who escaped from them at Red River and have got into Gibson report that the rebels say the y will have that point in two months. Wattles don't want any trains ent at present.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 7, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Pleasant Hill:

It is reported Anderson, with 500, is within five miles of Lexington. Colonel Harding has gone down with his regiment on steam- boat. Ought to reach Lexington about this time. I suppose you get the news of fighting at Jefferson to- day; keep on the lookout.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

