HEADQUARTERS,Fort Sumner, N. Mex, October 7, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CURLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of New Mexico:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully state that I have made some progress in allotting the lands to the different bands and families of Indians located on the Indian reservation at Bosque Redondo, and in selecting sites for the villages, and that I will by the next mail make a full report of my doings in that respect. I have to- day endeavored by actual count to ascertain the number of Indians on the reservation with the following result: Apaches 427 and Navajoes 7,634. It is very difficult to make an accurate count, but I think this is very nearly correct. The work of clearing new lands and enlarging the farm is about completed, but this work cannot be carried on successfully without the services of a practical farmer to superintend it, and I hope that one will be procured and sent here as soon as possible. I wish to be informed whether r the general commanding desires that I should assume direct command of the post at this place. If in accordance with his views, I would much prefer to assume command of the troops and take upon myself the general superintendence of the indians, but leave the command oft he post with Captain Bristol, and have him make his reports, requisitions, &amp;c., as heretofore and without those papers passing through my hands. I do not desire to be understood as wishing to avoid the labor of commanding the post, but as I state in a former communication I believe that Captain Bristol, from is familiarity with the command, can perform the duties better than I could, and by remaining in command he would leave me more time to attend to matters pertaining to the welfare oft he Indians. Please inform me of the general's wishes in this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M CROCKER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 7, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to telegraph you to- day that the Minnesota Brigade, under Colonel Thomas, will arrive at Fort Ridgely on the 9th instant. It is composed of light companies Eighth Minnesota Volunteers one and one-half companies Second [Minnesota] Cavalry, and two sections of the Third Minnesota Battery, tow companies of Eighth and about 10 0 men of the Second [Minnesota] Cavalry having been dispatched with other troops under Colonel Dill to the relief of Captain Fisk's train, which was beset but he savages about 180 miles from Fort Rice. I would respectfully suggest that a furlough of fifteen days be granted to the Eighth Regiment to enable them to recruit from their fatigues before they depart for th South. Four companies of Second [Minnesota] Cavalry, under Major Rose, relieved the battalion of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, under the command of Major Clowney, at Fort Wadsworth,a nd the latter is now en route to this city, and will be dispatched immediately on their arrival in obedience to your orders. With the force now under my immediate command I trust to be able to render the frontier secure against any demonstrations on the

