
part of the hostile Indians this fall without the co- operation of Brackett's battalion; so that if it can be advantageously posted on the Missouri I can dispense with its services in this district. no Indians were discovered between Forts Rice and Wadsworth by Colonel Thomas' command, but prairie fires in different directions denoted their proximity to the column ont he march. I have been informed unofficially that on the return of Colonel Dill's detachment to Fort Rice it was General Sully's intention to dispatch the remaining Minnesota troops belonging to this district to Sioux City, and thence to this point. Should that arrangement be carried out the two companies of the Eighth may not reach here before the close of navigation. Latest dispatches from Forts Wadsworth, Abercrombie, and Ridgely report all quiet. A few straggling Indians have been seen south of th Minnesota River, not far from the last- named post, within the last fortnight, but they managed to evade pursuit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Numbers 76, opposite From Island, Dark. Ter., October 7, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OFT HE NORTHWEST:

SIR: On my march to this place I found that a party of Indians had crossed the Missouri about fifteen miles south of Beaver Creek,a nd had proceeded west to a lake called Wood Lake. I sent Captain Miner's company Dakota cavalry with sixty men in that direction. He returned to my camp that night on Burdache Creek, bringing thirteen Indians with him; two of them were Yanktonais chiefs, Two Bears and Little Soldier. Both of these chiefs I knew very well as having always been strong friends to the whites. They stated they had with them some fifty lodges,or that number of people, for thy had don't know how many we killed, but between 400 and 500 wounded Indians were brought away. After this fight they left the hostile camp. I had a long talk with these chiefs. They told me they had no with to go to war with the whites, but that nearly all the Indians out west had banded together to fight me. Some of them backed to when they heard the troops were coming; that they and a great many others wanted to do the same, but that they were guarded but eh Indian soldiers in camp, who would cut up their lodges, seize all their property, horses, everything,if they attempted to leave. They admitted that they had some curiosity to see how the Indians would fight who had always talked so loud about fighting, and that they are satisfied. They stated they had been to the garrison near Fort Pierre last winter, to see if the commanding officer could help them, but he could not, and that therefore they had no alternative but to starve with their families on the prairies or live with them in the hostile camp. They could not live around a garrison begging for their food. They wished to visit Fort Rice and join the band of friendly Indians. I gave them a letter to the commanding officer, with order to treat them well, for Two Bears can be made of great use. He is a very influential man in his nation; a very brave and very shrewd Indian. And now comes the question about the best mode of settling the present Indian difficulties in the Northwest.

