HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Right Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: You will order Brigadier General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, to embark the effective force of his division upon transports now lying at the levee, with ten days' rations and forage and a fully supply of ammunition, and move with the least possible delay to Devall's Bluff, on White River, and re-enforce that post, reporting to Major-General Steele. As soon as the emergency is over, and the troops supposed to be now assailing General Steele are driven back, General Mower, with his command, will report back here, unless he shall receive orders to the contrary.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 124. Memphis, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

The brigade commanders of this division will have their commands ready to embark on boats to-night. The camps will remain standing. No men will be left behind except those who are sick or convalescent, and they will be examined by brigade surgeons, whose decision only will be authority for excusing the men from going with their commands. It must be distinctly understood that company commanders have no authority whatever for leaving their men behind, and if stragglers and skulkers be found in camp after their command leaves the commanding officers of the companies to which they belong will be held strictly responsible for their conduct, and charges will be preferred against them for neglect of duty.

By order of Brigadier General J. A. Mower:

CHAS. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 1, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The quartermaster-general of Missouri has asked for 5,000 stand of arms and accouterments, to be turned over to the State. The Secretary of War directs that you report the object and necessity of such transfer. It is said that a portion of the arms previously so transferred went into the hands of guerrillas and bushwhackers.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 1, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The arms are wanted for organizations under Order 107, of this department, for local defense, consisting of one or more companies of

