
few days, say at Girardeau or sending him forward at once? Unless he is urgently called for I think it would be wise to delay his movement until we see the result of Price's operations in the State and this way.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, September 5, 1864

(Received 7th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Major General A. J. Smith's division will be at Cairo to-morrow night en route for Major General W. T. Sherman. He will have about 6,000 men. Major-General Mower, by General Canby's order, will re-enforce General Steele with 4,000 men. He is already on White River. Latest advice from Little Rock is that Price, with a very heavy cavalry force, was moving to cross Arkansas River above Little Rock. General West is after Shelby, who is near Jacksonport and I have 2,000 cavalry who will co-operate with West. The enemy is believed to be gathering extensive supplies at Jacksonport and Batesville preparatory to a big Missouri raid. It may be headed off it West is successful; but I am confident that the enemy is bound for Missouri unless headed off.

C. C. WASHBURN,

[For similar dispatch to Halleck, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 343.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 5, 1864.

General EWING:

From Bloomfield and New Madrid I learn that the forces in Dunklin and Pemiscot Counties are under Colonel Clark and Major Smith, and number some 200 or 300. I have just ordered forces to concentrate at New Madrid, and I will move against them.

H. M. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Commanding Cape Girardeau:

I sent you last night by steamer Omaha four companies of infantry. Four companies of cavalry from Pilot Knob will reach Cape Girardeau to-morrow. I ordered Captain Chapman's company of infantry to go on to New Madrid. If you see fit you may order it to remain at the Cape. Make suck disposition of the troops as you please, but whip Major Smith out of your sub-district. I will send you companies from Fletcher's regiment to take the place of the four companies of infantry sent last night and whose time will soon expire.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

