
and they would make the best frontier troops we could find. I speak from experience, for I have Indian troops in my present command. I have no trouble in making them obey my orders strictly. I have now in front of my tent an Indian soldier on duty as sentinel. These Indian troops would be the cause of many Indian families collecting around the garrison. This I would encourage,a nd when a sufficient number were located near a post, I would begin the work of civilizing, and, finally, Christianizing them. Let missionaries be sent to each post, not to preach the Gospel; they can't understand that yet, but to establish schools, teach a certain number of the young children, and support them, and clothe them; teach the boys a trade or to farm, and the girls to cook, sew, and, above all, to be cleanly in their habits. I would expect more from the educating oft he female children then from what could be done for the boys, for the Indian women are probably the most industrious, hard working beings int e world. Elevate the female portion oft his race and you civilize the male. But little improvement could be expected of this generation, but the generation to come would be civilized. An Indian, in some respects, is like a child, a few kind words of praise, a small reward for a brave or worthy act, has a great effect on them, and when he is your friend he is a staunch one. The great struggle with most missionaries sent among th Indians is, they commence by preaching to them and trying to Christianize them. A comparatively few of a tribe will join the church, or say so, but frequently they are but hypocrites. A savage is more easily reached by the belly then by the mind. First improve his social position. The Indians ont he Missouri north of Fort Rice- the Rees, Gros Ventres, Crow, and others, not Sioux- are living well, have large fields well cultivated, plenty of game, and appear contented and happy. They are, moreover, brave and friends to the whites ; but as regards their morals they are in a terrible state. In this respect I think the Rees are as bad as it is possible for a human being to be. If a truly upright man with good common sense, one who would take an interest in his work, who would, moreover, learn their language so that he would not have to sue an interpreter, who frequently may be a scoundrel, who will interpret anything he is paid to interpret, as is I know frequently done, he could do great good and reclaim a brave, industrious race, who are now fast dying off. I would propose that our missionary societies furnish the necessary missionaries and support them, and the Government pay all other expenses. Let the present annuity appropriations furnish the funds. I have no doubt, could this mater be brought properly to the notice of our people, so that they could fully appreciate the good that might be done, it would be cheerfully undertaken. How much better would it be for our missionary societies, instead of spending large sums of money to Christianize savages thousands of miles from our country, to first attend to those who live close to us, and whose savage nature, ignorance, or the contemptible cupidity of unprincipled white men, cause so many horrible massacres of our own people. They would have the satisfaction of feeling that while they were reclaiming the savage they were at the same time doing a great benefit to the welfare of their country.

There is difficulty in procuring th proper sort of troops to garrison these military posts, and, above all, in getting a suitable officer to command them.of course, at present, we have to depend on our volunteer troops, who, though they may be composed of as good material, may be better than old regular troops, yet they lack the discipline. Generally neither officers or men have had the chance to become by experience perfectly acquainted with the Indian character and mode of warfare.

