
allowed my men to touch. The negro quarters were well supplied with U. S. blankets, but believing that I had no right to touch anything on the place I marched my men back on the boat. While getting the beef on board I questioned several of the negroes, one of whom informed me that his master was like all the rest of the citizens of that vicinity, a rebel who had taken the oath of allegiance for his own benefit, as it enabled him to get provisions that he could not otherwise get. This statement was corroborated by negroes on Widow Knight's plantation, a few miles farther down the river. I would state that my reasons for neglecting to report these facts were in my official report to you on the 1st instant.* At that time I did not deem them of much importance. I reported the facts verbally to Colonel Harris. I afterward found that I should have reported them to you. At the request of Lieutenant-Colonel Whittlesey I made a statement of facts not knowing what use he intended to make of them, and it was through him they were sent to General Canby.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DUDLEY C. WYMAN,

Captain Company E, Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., October 8, 1864.

Colonel HARRIS,

Commanding Post, Brashear City:

You will request Lieutenant-Commander Washburn, of the Navy, to send a gun-boat up Belle or Grand River, who will meet on Grand River in the rear of Lake Verret and act in conjunction with a party of cavalry from Napoleonville at noon of the 11th instant. You will send a party of seventy-five infantry under command of a competent officer. They will take with them three days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition. The object is: First. To capture any of the enemy who may be found. Second. To make a thorough exploration of the whole island behind Lake Verret to ascertain the place of rendezvous and haunts of rebel guerrillas and jayhawkers and to arrest all persons who are known to assist or harbor the enemy. Third. To assist the Navy by a close and united co-operation in cleaning out. Grand or Belle River and removing torpedoes and other obstructions. Fourth. The placing of Grand or Belle River in a condition of navigation from Brashear to Lake Natchez is one of the most important objects. particular care will be taken by the commanding officer in charge to prevent straggling or marauding, and any parties-officers or enlisted men-engaged in anything of the kind will be immediately arrested and charges preferred against them. Great care will be taken to prevent surprise, and the movement and direction will be kept as secret as possible. As soon as the expedition returns the commanding officer will make out a full and complete report and forward to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to Major Burt, commanding Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Napoleonville, instructing him to organize and send out under charge of a competent officer an expedition of at least 125 men.)

---------------

*See Part I, p. 824.

---------------

