
NEW ORLEANS, October 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

Send about 1,000 infantry and 200 cavalry to Bayou Sara, and communicate with General Dana if practicable. He has had an engagement at or near Woodville and captured a battery. It is feared your forces returned too soon.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

MORGANZA, October 8, 1864.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Your telegram* to General Dennis is on the tug going up the river. I have dispatched Colonel Spicely with 1,000 infantry, 200 cavalry, and one section of artillery to Bayou Sara as ordered in your telegram this a. m. Colonel Guppey landed with his command at that point within six hours of the time appointed by General Dennis and demonstrated for three days on the Clinton and Woodville road. He returned to this place the evening of the 5th, and Dana's troops captured Woodville at daylight on the morning of the 6th, so that the object of the demonstrations must have been fully accomplished. Colonel Spicely is instructed to go to Woodville, if it is still occupied by our forces. If it is not, he will return as soon as he ascertain that fact.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., October 8, 1864.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of September 29, inclosing telegram from General Steele, received this a. m. You will communicate with General Steele at the earliest moment practicable, and move the First Brigade of your division to Devall's Bluff. Receive and execute orders from General Steele with reference to your whole command. I regret that you did not commence the movement on [receipt of] General Steele's telegram. It will probably be best to leave your battery and transportation at mouth of White River with the Thirty-seventh Illinois and Forty-second Ohio. Send a detachment of troops by first boat to Devall's Bluff and consult with General Steele by telegraph from that point.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 8, 1864.

Colonel W. T. SPICELY,

Commanding Expedition:

You will immediately embark with your command and proceed to Bayou Sara, and communicate with our forces at Woodville if practi-

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

