
day by the steam-boat Ida Handy. This boat had been necessarily detained by me for military operations, as reported, during the 3rd, 4th, and 5th, but what delayed the dispatch prior to that I do not know. It being in cipher was not handed to me here, and I knew nothing of it. My troops are at this moment in the field below here, and so soon as they return, probably to-morrow morning, the future operations which I had projected will be postponed, and they will be held in readiness for embarkation when called for. I shall immediately designate for field service, in accordance with the telegraphic instruction, the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry from this post, previously attached to the Nineteenth Corps, and the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, and a battery from Vicksburg. I shall myself immediately return to Vicksburg on the arrival of the force under Colonel Osband, now absent below here.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 8, 1864.

General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Telegraph lines cut everywhere east of Sedalia; also to Lexington. I direct scouts to reconnoiter. Bushwhackers burned Government hay at Lamar, Mo., on 5th. General Thayer, Fort Smith, all right; has supplies for present necessities, and holding on.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 279. Saint Louis, October 8, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. Colonel J. W. Goodwin, One hundred and thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, will proceed with his regiment to Springfield, Ill., and report to Colonel James Oakes, superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service for the State of Illinois, for muster out, the term of service of the regiment having expired.

* * * * * *

7. The One hundred and thirty-second Illinois Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty in this department, and will proceed with as little delay as practicable to Chicago, Ill., to be mustered our to service, the term of service of the regiment having expired. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 210. Saint Louis, Mo., October 8, 1864.

* * * * * *

5. Brigadier-General McCormick, Enrolled Missouri Militia, now in active service, will collect the militia of his district on the line of the

