
Iron Mountain Railroad and to protect the line when reopened and the telegraph line when re-established and occupy the several posts and block-houses along the road.

6. Captain H. B. Milks, Third Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will proceed to such points as in his judgment it may be necessary, and collect and rendezvous at Schofield Barracks the stragglers from the Forty-seventh Missouri State Militia, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, First Infantry Missouri State Militia, Fiftieth Missouri Infantry, and Fourteenth Iowa, who were separated from their commands during the battle at Pilot Knob and on the march from that post to Rolla, Mo. Commanding officers are requested to furnish Captain Milks such assistance in the performance of this duty as he may need. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing, jr.:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The bridges are all guarded at this place, and two companies at Gray's Summit. By order of Major General A. J. Smith, 1,000 men here.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel, Commanding First Sub-District of Saint Louis.

NEW MADRID, MO., October 8, 1864.

Colonel HILLER,

Commanding, Cape Girardeau:

I sent a scout, under Lieutenant Davis, of twenty men, Tuesday morning, up the country around Wolf Island and vicinity. They returned Thursday evening, having scouted the whole country within six miles of Charleston and also on the river. They succeeded in breaking up a large gang of smugglers, killed three authorized Confederate smugglers and three noted guerrillas; they broke up seven skiffs and one flat-boat that were used by the smugglers; just opposite Columbus captured two horses and some contraband goods. I think it has been a severe lesson to them. The guerrillas murdered John Gardner, Tuesday morning, near Fugitt's. They shot him sixteen times and robbed him of his money and horses. Neute Massey and four of his gang did it. Lieutenant Davis killed John Hancock, who was Massey's right-hand man and was a regular authorized Confederate smuggler. I think the scout did well.

J. W. EDWARDS,

Captain, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 8, 1864-7.17 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

General Mower is here. Will be forwarded as soon as they can be made efficient.

JOHN W. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

What shall I send you?

