
VI. Brigadier-General Sanborn, commanding third Brigade, will immediately proceed with all the available cavalry of his command and one battery of light artillery, in the direction of the enemy.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 8, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Lieutenant L. STORZ,

Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry:

Tell Colonel Sigel to keep his command in readiness to move at a moment's notice; to report often all he hears; keep communications open, and to preserve all the Government property in his possession.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, October 8, 1864-3 a. m.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Dispatches received during the night from General McNeil's front indicate that the enemy are concentrating on the right, about two miles and a half southwest from Lieutenant-Colonel Eppstein's position. Let every preparation be made to receive an assault this morning. Every man within our lines who can shoulder a musket should be on duty at 6 o'clock this morning. Have you any information from your front or the country between us and the Osage? I shall be out to the front on the right at 4 o'clock. The telegraph line gave way at midnight.

May last dispatch from General Rosecrans was as follows:

Brigadier-General FISK:

Your dispatch received. Smith and Mower will be pushed up as rapidly as possible. Tell our men to fire low at the enemy's shins and at close range. You will whip them thoroughly if they come close enough. Let cowards, if there are any, know that they will be shot if they run.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

We must expect no immediate aid from re-enforcements, but depend upon what we have and strike a hard and successful blow for liberty and union.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, Mo., October 8, 1864-3.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General BROWN:

I find from the returns that McNeil's brigade has but 1,431 effective men. Yours with Hickox's numbers 2,450. Order Hickox's command

