
request. We have reports here to the 7th that Price is moving north. At last accounts he was as far north as Jefferson City. General Fisk is doing very good work. His force is, however, too small to hold Price in check for any considerable time. The probability is that he will be re-enforced by General McNeil within the next forty-eight hours, and in that event the combined forces of Fisk and McNeil will be sufficient to contend with the rebels wherever they may meet. I expect to be ordered into Missouri to assist in checking the rebels in their progress north, and if that be the case I think the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry will not be the last to strike when called upon to do so. I am anxiously awaiting the order for the last two days. I shall be ever pleased to co-operate you and render any assistance in my power.

Yours, truly,

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel 15th Kans. Vol. Cav., Commanding 1st Sub-Dist. of South Kans.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 8, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON, or

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding, Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: I still desire that no train should leave Fort Scott till further advices from me, for I am still of the opinion that it will be the intention of the enemy to attack the first train down. But the enemy cannot remain much longer north of the Arkansas. The want of supplies and grass dying will compel him, probably by the 1st of November, to retire south. Then it will be comparatively safe for the train.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PLEASANT HILL, October 8, 1864-1 p. m.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent one scout from Independence direct east; one of sixty men from here northeast toward Lexington; one of sixty-five east toward Warrensburg. (Herman went with them); one of twenty south to Harrisonville. Scout that returned last evening brings no news of importance.

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

PLEASANT HILL, October 8, 1864-3 p. m.

Major CHARLOT,

Fort Leavenworth:

Shall I keep the two companies at Independence or move them here?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

