
pany at Fort Cummings all of the troops of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers now at that station will proceed to Las Cruces, N. Mex., and there take post.

VI. Now the Navajo war is done, the post of Fort Canby will be evacuated and discontinued as a military post, and Major Shaw will move all supplies and materials which will be of further service to Fort Wingate, N. Mex., to which point he will march with the garrison of Fort Canby without delay. It is presumed that all this can be done within one week after the receipt of this order. Major Shaw will report the exact date of the abandonment of the post. He will then proceed to and assume command of Fort Cummings, N. Mex.

* * * * *

VIII. Major Joseph Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, with all the troops of that regiment now serving at Fort Goodwin, Ariz., will proceed at once to Las Cruces, N. Mex., where they will take post preparatory to being mustered out of service. All quartermaster employes not needed at Fort Goodwin, when the strength of its garrison is thus reduced to one cavalry and one of infantry, will come with the troops to Las Cruces and there be discharged. The chief quartermaster will give detailed instructions with reference to what employes may be retained.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. S. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 8, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth:

MAJOR: You are respectfully informed that your dispatch of 28th ultimo announcing the fact of your having relieved Major Clowney in the command of Wadsworth, according to the order of the brigadier-general commanding, has been received. It is to be regretted that the buildings have not been more rapidly advanced than your letter intimates. General Sibley depends upon your known energy to push them forward to completion as rapidly as practicable. You are instructed to send down under safe guard all the horses of the companies of cavalry now at Fort Wadsworth to Fort Ridgely, where orders will be given for the proper disposition of them with the exception of those for mounting one company for scout and other duty. Grain for 100 animals for the winter has been forwarded by the last train and this must be husbanded with great care and be fed only in half allowances for the present to the animals called to perform active service or hard labor. The 100 mentioned will embrace the post teams and such horses as will be retained at the post for such service as may be indispensable during the winter months. The cost of grain and other articles of every description is so high and the price of transportation to the post under your command so enormous that you are instructed to exercise the most vigilant supervision over all the branches of the service, so as to prevent every unnecessary expenditure and to enforce the most stringent economy. The orders for the issue of rations, &amp;c., have been given in detail to Major Clowney in previous dispatches,

