
and you will be governed thereby. You will also report frequently all the information you may obtain relating to the movements of Indians and all other matters of importance, including the progress of the work at the post.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Fort Ridgely, Minn., October 8, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform you that on the arrival of the expeditionary force, under Colonel Thomas, to-day, I ordered Lieutenant Darrow and his detachment to proceed to Fort Snelling and report to the commanding officer of that post. My reasons for doing so are that some of the men under his command will have to be mustered out of the service soon, and as the necessity of his remaining here has ceased since the arrival of the troops under Colonel Thomas, while the scattered condition of Company K makes it desirable that Lieutenant Darrow should return to it, I hope that my action will have the approval of the commanding general.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., October 9, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of affairs at this post: Everything has been quiet since the date of my last report, the enemy not having been seen,. I have received information from Mr. Pierce, consul at Matamoras, also from other sources, that the rebels are greatly disappointed at the turn which Mexican affairs have taken at Matamoras. They had expected that they would be able to purchase, or by some means obtain possession of, a part of the artillery which was at that place from Cortina. The surrender of Cortina to Mejia and his acknowledgment of the authority of Maximilian of course destroyed all such anticipations. I have understand that many tempting proposals were made by Ford to Cortina with a view to obtain part of the artillery, all of which were steadily refused. On the 29th of September Mejia took possession of Matamoras on the following terms: No French were to be allowed to enter the city, and all French troops were to leave Bagdad and the surrender made to Mexican troops alone. These terms were carried out. The French troops at Bagdad have been withdrawn to their vessels and the place occupied by Mexican forces. I am unable to determine whether this state of affairs is favorable to the interests of the United States or not. I have been informed by some Mexican refugees lately from Matamoras that a Confederate flag was

46 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

