
flying at that place, and that Confederate officers are received with great cordiality by the party of Mejia. The instructions received by me through department headquarters with regard to the Mexican refugees have been carried out. The refugees appear to be very well pleased with the manner in which they have been treated, and many are enlisting in the U. S. service for the period of one year. All the officers and most of the men, however, have a desire to return to their homes as peaceable citizens of Mexico, and I anticipate a request from Mejia that they be allowed to do so. If such a request be made I shall allow them to return unarmed, on condition that we secure some remuneration for the subsistence furnished. The health of the troops under my command is steadily improving, and I am confident that ere long all symptoms of scurvy will disappear. The steamer Alliance arrived here last Monday morning, the 3rd instant. During the night of the same day she experienced a severe norther and was blown on shore. Her not being able to get off until this morning accounts for the delay of my dispatches.

Hoping that this will meet with your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago, Tex.

MORGANZA, October 9,, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major-General REYNOLDS:

I have just received the following. Shall I send a force to attempt to seize the cattle?

STEAMER MAGENTA, October 9, 1864-10.30 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Morganza:

While passing Jackson's Point, about fifty miles above Morganza an hour ago, we observed a large lot of cattle, probably 400 or more, which had just been driven over the river from the Louisiana to the Mississippi shore. There were seven skiffs on the Louisiana shore and two on the Mississippi shore at the time of our passing. After passing the two skiffs started back toward the right Louisiana bank as if to rejoin the seven and bring more cattle over. Have just advised a gun-boat of the above at this place. Is probably ten miles below Jackson's Point. We have no force on this steamer which could be of any avail in arresting this movement.

Very respectfully,

JNO. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General to Major-General Reynolds.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Morganza:

The major-general commanding directs that you take the cattle, if you can; at all events, endeavor to prevent more crossing. If practicable send word to Dana or your troops on east side of river to lookout for the cattle already over.

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

