
LITTLE ROCK, October 9, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Colonel Ritter has just returned to Pine Bluff from a reconnaissance to Monticello and reports that the rebels have withdrawn to the south side of the Saline, and he thinks they have gone to Camden. The cavalry crossed at Mount Elba and the infantry and artillery at Warren. When Monticello was evacuated a brigade was bridging the Arkansas, but they have withdrawn also. I do not know the cause of their sudden movement, but shall watch them closely. I have ordered one brigade of General Dennis' division to Devall's Bluff, where they reported, 1,100 strong, last night. I have sent the detachment of my veteran regiments, which have been detained, north to join their regiments. The Twenty-second Ohio Infantry, now guarding the railroad, will go out of service by expiration of term on the 5th of November. Am I to have any troops in the place of those that have been taken from me?

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 9, 1`864.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS:

I have ordered General Clayton to send the Third Minnesota up. The rebels have withdrawn to the south side of the Saline. Colonel Ritter thinks they have gone to Camden. I do not know what they are about, but shall be on the qui vive for them. I am told that they are very much alarmed for the safety of Price and Shelby. We must look for them to return soon.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 9, 1864.

Major-General STEELE:

Colonel Ritter has returned. He confirms what I formerly reported. The enemy have withdrawn their troops from this side of the Saline. Colonel Ritter believes they have gone to Camden. The cavalry crossed at Mount Elba and the infantry and artillery at Warren. At the time the evacuation of Monticello took place a brigade was upon the Arkansas preparing to bridge the river. It has also been withdrawn. I suppose you desire Colonel Ritter to return to Little Rock. The Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry can also be spared. Shall I order them up on the first boat? Is there any news from General Grant?

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, October 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

Send Colonel Ritter with his cavalry to Little Rock. Retain the Twenty-seventh Wisconsin Infantry and send up the Third Minnesota Infantry. The surgeons recommend this as a sanitary measure for the Third Minnesota.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

