SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES AT PINE BLUFF, Numbers 272. Pine Bluff, Ark., October 9, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. The Third Minnesota Veteran Volunteer Infantry are hereby relieved from duty. The commanding officer of the regiment will turn over to E. J. Barnes, captain and acting assistant quartermaster, all tents belonging to his command, and will have his regiment in readiness to proceed to Little Rock by the first boat. All enlisted men of the regiment on detached duty at this post, except those on duty at these headquarters, are also relieved from duty and will report to their company commanders without delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Clayton:

S. MONTE CAMBERN,First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,

Fort Smith, Ark., October 9, 1864-12 p. m.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding at Fort Gibson, Ind. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that a flag of truce has been received by him this day from General Cooper, and from information received from a woman taken prisoner at Cabin Creek on the 19th instant, is satisfied that Cooper with his whole force is moving this way. Gano and Watie are with him, and on the 5th instant were encamped near Perryville. Is the river fordable at, above, or below Gibson at this date? Send out scouts on the roads leading east, south, and west, and see whether you can learn anything of the movements of Cooper or of any portion of his army. The movements of an information from the enemy indicate an attack on Fort Smith, yet it may be only a feint on this place, while the real design is to attack you. You are directed therefore to be vigilant and gain if possible some reliable and positive information relative to their designs.

Respectfully,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

LEAVENWORTH, October 9, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Major-general ROSECRANS:

Are we danger here from Price? Inform me.

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-5.05 p. m.

Governor THOMAS CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

I think no effort should be spared to secure yourselves from Price, who will move west. But if you all combine with General Curtis in arming, and thus free his force to attack the advance, or marauding parties Price sends ahead, he will be hindered in his movements and overtaken by our infantry and what mounted force we have, and compelled to forego his desire of plundering Kansas.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

