
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-3.50 p. m.

ISAAC H. STURGEON,

Superintendent North Missouri Railroad, Saint Louis:

The commanding general has information that the heavy body of bushwhackers have crossed the river and gone south. He desires the road to be opened at the earliest practicable moment. General Douglass wishes a train sent through to Macon to-morrow, under suitable guard. Telegraph General Douglass when the train will leave, and when it will be likely to arrive at Macon.

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 192. Saint Louis, Mo., October 9, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 107, current series, from these headquarters, having been promulgated to provide for local defense against bands of bushwhackers and other disturbers of the public peace, and for the maintenance of law and order more effectually than could be done by calling out the Enrolled Militia, as well as to engage all good citizens in the work, it is therefore ordered that all citizen organizations for local defense in this State conform to the provisions of that order.

II. These organizations will be legalized both for State and U. S. service by being regimental rolls will state in the heading the object of the organization.

III. All company or regimental rolls must in future be indorsed as follows, viz: It is hereby certified on honor that all the within-named persons are loyal men who may be safely intrusted with arms and relied on to use them in obedience to law and the orders of the U. S. or State officers placed over them, and that the officers herein named are the choice of a majority of the men of the company (or regiment) and worthy of command. This certificate must be signed by the commissioned officers of the State or the U. S. service, highest in rank, on duty in the locality in which the company or regiment is raised, or by the county committee of public safety, and when practicable should be sent through the U. S. district commander, who will indorse thereon his opinion and such recommendation respecting the organization, arming, or calling into service of the company as he may deem best for the public good. When the rolls cannot be sent to the district commander by reason of distance, or other serious obstacles, they will be sent to these headquarters direct with the letter of explanation.

IV. Each commissioned officer must forward to these headquarters with the rolls of his company (or regiment) a copy of the oath required by the State laws from officers of the Enrolled Militia, duly taken and subscribed by him.

V. When arms, ammunition, and equipments are to be drawn, to save time, proper requisitions for them should be made, signed, and sent with the rolls.

VI. When these organizations are thus formed, and the rolls approved by the general commanding, the companies will be accepted and their officers commissioned as Provisional Enrolled Militia, for the special purpose of local defense and the preservation of law and order.

