
VII. Except in cases of extreme public danger no organization thus called out will be ordered to go beyond the limits of its own county, nor will it be permitted to go into neighboring counties, unless to pursue or meet marauders or other public enemies, or to arrest fugitive criminals from its own county.

VII. To legalize the issue of arms, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., to the organization of exempts, formed during the recent raid, they may be considered as having been formed under General Orders, Numbers 107, and their rolls will be entered at the State headquarters, where they will be placed on the records for such organizations.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 9, 1864.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reached here to-day from mouth of Gasconade River. A small force of rebels near that place yesterday morning. Reported fighting at Castle Rock yesterday, thirty miles from the mouth of the Osage River. I shall await further orders at this place.

J. W. MAUPIN,

Captain, Commanding Dispatch Boat.

HERMANN, October 9, 1864-2.40 p. m.

Colonel J. W. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

I have just arrived here on steamer Denver by order of Major-General Pleasonton. The Denver draws three feet and a half of water and was aground once; rubbed several times. Boats of two feet and a half can run from Washington to Jefferson City. There are no guerrillas to be seen on the river. General Pleasonton desired me to return with the dispatch boat Isabella; he needs it at Jefferson City. I did not leave Jefferson City till 7 a. m. owing to various detentions at Jefferson City. There was nothing new from the front at 6.30 o'clock this morning. The bridge over the Moreau Creek, some four miles from Jefferson City, is burned and is a total wreck. The block-house is uninjured. Osage bridge is burned; one span near the center still standing, but seems to have been fired. The bridge at Bear Creek seems good; also two near Saint Aubert Landing. The Gasconade is entirely gone; some of the track and two culverts east of Gasconade destroyed. Two engines, Numbers 29 and 34, and thirty-four cars were burned about five miles from Hermann; three cattle-cars and two flat-cars still there apparently good. The bridge at that point is destroyed. A portion of the telegraph wire is gone between here and Gasconade. General Pleasonton desires to know where General A. J. Smith now is. I shall go on steamer to Washington and leave for Jefferson City on Isabella as soon as practicable. Please telegraph to that point any information or instructions as I intend to make Jefferson City to-morrow p. m. is possible.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

