
BOEUF CREEK, HUTTON'S FARM,

October 9, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I am seventeen miles from the Gasconade and will go from here to Hermann unless I hear good accounts from the front to-day. If I should cross the Gasconade it will be impracticable for us to cross the Osage, as I have no means of crossing, and the enemy holding the west bank. I will meet Mower at Hermann. Send up on the boats plenty of rations, field. General Pike is eight miles behind us. I have no reliable news from Jefferson City. Colonel Catherwood is on the Gasconade with orders to send a reconnoitering [force] as far as Linn., also to examine the fords.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-8.37 a. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

In Field:

Price left Jefferson City and moved toward Sedalia. The general wishes you to send your cavalry to report to Pleasonton at Jefferson City. General Pleasonton will take the cavalry advance. Where shall I send your fleet of boats? Mower will join you in a few hours D. V.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

In the Field:

The head of Mower's column leaves here on steam-boat this evening via the Missouri, and will reach Hermann to-morrow night. Staff officers will accompany it and await your orders. Mower will stay here until his ammunition and transportation arrive, and will then proceed by the quickest route to Jefferson City and such other points as may seem best. My present information as telegraphed you by Colonel Du Bois this a. m. leads to the belief that one ought to push the enemy and gain the Warsaw route. Were you on boats Boonville would be the best point, for from there you could reach Sedalia in one day and compel a fight or retreat; that would secure the country north of it from plunder. As you are not you can possibly reach Jefferson sooner by land. Use the best information and form your judgment as to that way which will most rapidly advance you. Two hundred and fifty supply wagons are at Rolla for use.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Boeuf Creek, October 9, 1864-11 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

Recent news just received prompts me to go forward. I will leave for Jefferson City in the morning, and reach it if I have to swim the Osage.

