HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. LOVELL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Madison, Wis.:

COLONEL: As troops are needed much on frontier of Minnesota, I shall send immediately to Saint Paul two companies of First U. S. Volunteers, one from Madison and one from here. As there is a considerable force of recruits both at Camp Randall, near Madison, and at Camp Washburn, near this place, I suppose there will be force enough to preserve the peace during the draft without retaining longer in this State any companies of the First U. S. Volunteers. If you have not arms for the troops at Madison, and here I would suggest to you that you make immediate requisition upon Saint Louis Arsenal for arms and ammunition for at least 1,000 of the enlisted men under your charge, please inform me at your earliest convenience. It will be necessary for you to arm the recruits at Washburn and Randall at once if you still think a considerable force necessary to preserve quiet during the draft, as I do not feel at liberty to retain the companies of the First U. S. Volunteers, longer in this State. I have only kept them thus long because up to this time there was literally no force to aid you in enforcing the draft, in accordance with your requisition upon me.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.,:

Send you to-morrow two full companies First Regiment U. S. Volunteers. These are part of the forces intended to replace the companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin at Fort Wadsworth. Make such disposition of them as is best in your judgment.

JNO. POPE,.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of telegraphic dispatch* sent you this a.m. advising departure to-morrow for Saint Paul of two companies First Regiment U. S. Volunteers. They are well officered and finely disciplined. You will find them excellent troops. The major-general commanding directs that you make such disposition of them as in your judgment seems best.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

