
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Jefferson City:

It may have been well to send troops to Boonville, but I think not to Lexington. If the enemy goes north, so much the better for us; we gain time to intercept him. If he moves rapidly with a battery he can intercept your boat power; if he finds your garrison weakened he can turn on you and do you mischief before we can reach you. Having a good garrison you can push your cavalry out after them vigorously and fearlessly. They will soon know your status and the non-arrival of General Smith might not be well for you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-9.40 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Rolla:

Send word to Springfield to draw in all supplies of forage and provisions, and prepare to fight. I expect to hear a good report from the troops there if they are attacked.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 162. Rolla, Mo., October 9, 1864.

Colonel Thomas C. Fletcher, Forty-seventh [Missouri] Infantry Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed to Saint Louis and report to the general commanding Department of the Missouri. He will give to the same all information he has about military affairs in the Rolla and Southwest Districts, and deliver official papers from these to department headquarters. On arriving at Franklin he will see that telegraphic communications is restored between that place and Rolla, and our efforts in this regard properly met with.

By order of Colonel Albert Sigel:

H. W. WERTH,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Jefferson City, October 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that I have sent Captain Steger with the party who went west to find the dead of my command, with orders to obtain all the information he could, particularly relative to the movements of General Smith, and report as soon as practicable. He left about 1 p. m.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

