
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG:

There was little or no force at Lexington, and the provost-marshal was ordered to ship stores up river. I sent steamers down to bring them away, and about that time approaching rebels were reported near Lexington 500 strong. This probably induced provost-marshal to send stores to north side before Colonel Harding got there. Operator at Independence reports Lexington taken and enemy advancing on that place. Operator at Sedalia reports the mischief in his front yesterday done by seventeen bushwhackers and no news this morning. Will help you if I can.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HAMILTON, October 9, 1864.

General CRAIG:

No news from Lexington to-day. All quiet. The operator is sober and very accommodating to me. The militia are all notified to be ready at a moment's notice. On account of forage I do not think it advisable to place any more on duty unless the necessity is greater than I now think it is.

W. D. McDONALD,

Major Thirty-third Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 9, 1864-11.17 a. m.

Captain MAYO,

Glasgow:

The general commanding wishes you to send out scouts and get all the information you can and report the same here.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

MEXICO, October 9, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I arrived at Mexico at 4 o'clock this morning. Left Jefferson City at 4 p. m. yesterday. Traveled fifty miles last night, and ready this morning to receive and obey any orders you may find necessary to make for the protection of North Missouri.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

MEXICO, October 9, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Ammunition for Jefferson City is on down train from Saint Charles in charge of Captain Flanigan with escort of 150 men. He has dispatches for you from General Pleasonton. I have ordered one engine to meet him at Saint Charles, that he need not be delayed in reaching your headquarters.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

