
SAINT LOUIS, October 9, 1864-11.25 a. m.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS:

The general commanding wants from you a full report of the condition of affairs in your sub-district.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

MEXICO, MO., October 9, 1864.

Major FRANK ENO,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have been in the field four weeks. Traveled fifty miles last night and got to my headquarters this morning. The information I have in regard to the organization of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, received from Major Evans on my return, is that they are rapidly organizing and entering the field. In a few days I will have a very effective force to put down bushwhackers. My information in regard to the armed bands in my district leads me to believe that a very large portion of them have crossed the river to the south side of the river. Cy. Gordon, George Todd, and Thrailkill crossed the Missouri River near Portland. Bill Anderson and company crossed near Boonville. I can hear of no large bodies in my district. Small bands are still committing depredations in the country. As soon as I can get the number of my forces and their whereabouts I will drive the whole band of rebels out. We have eaten all the citizens out of Mexico. Please see the general and have an assistant commissary of subsistence sent to Mexico. My soldiers are suffering for commissary supplies. I have this day sent 150 men down to Saint Charles to guard them up. Give me the supplies at once, and I will do the work. I would like to send a train through to Macon to-morrow to get the road open and have it in perfect running order.

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 9, 1864-3.50 p. m.

Brigadier-General DOUGLASS,

Mexico:

Your commissary supplies go up this p. m. The superintendent of the North Missouri Railroad has been requested to furnish the trains. All orders to trains must be given through the superintendent of the railroad for security and efficiency. I hope there is no mistake as to the crossings of those guerrillas. I want no stone left unturned to break and destroy them. I have rarely heard of anything we have done to hurt them for the last three weeks, except the wanton burning of Centralia. Destroying our own taxable property is not so obviously advantageous.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

SAINT LOUIS, October 9, 1864-11.47 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Saint Charles:

What troops have you?

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

