
present ones come in. All I fear is that they slip between me and Independence, and enter Kansas near Little Santa Fe. Captain Moses answers me he can hold Independence against 500 of them.

FORD,

Colonel.

FOR LEAVENWORTH, October 9, 1864-3 p. m.

Colonel J. H. FORD:

By all means, Pleasant Hill. Send all unnecessary transportation and cumbrous property to Olathe, and be ready for the occasion.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Pleasant Hill, Mo., October 9, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the major-general commanding the department the following report:

The telegraph wire between this place and Independence was cut about 4 o'clock this p. m. Captain Elmer's scout of about sixty men, which went out yesterday morning, returned this evening. Your scouts (Herman and Kelsey) accompany the scout, keeping about three miles in advance and playing off for bushwhackers. They report all able-bodied men as having left to join Price. Sergeant Coy's scout of fifty-seven men, which went out yesterday morning, also returned this evening. Sergeant Coy reports that he had a skirmish with the guerrillas on Round Prairie, killing 1, certainly, and 2 wounded, who, however, got into the bush, the scout, getting possession of their horses and equipments. Lieutenant Gravit with fifty men returned this evening from Independence, but saw and heard nothing of importance. I shall start out several large scouts in the morning at daylight. I send this report by Captain Evens, who with an escort of fifty men starts in the morning for the Kansas line with the surplus teams and stores of the regiment.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEAVENWORTH, October 9, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Have you any tools that you can send down to us immediately to throw up intrenchments? If not, please answer immediately.

GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 9, 1864.

General GRANT,

Leavenworth:

Do not try to move to-night in any effort to fortify. I will send my engineer to-morrow to see you and ascertain what is best.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

