HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, October 9, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Department of Kansas, For Leavenworth:

Stage line has changed route to Cut-Off. Troops not needed at Latham. Living Springs is best place. Makes us 100 miles less line to protect. Stores had better come to Denver; no shelter below. Horse equipments for Third [Colorado] Regiment nearly here. From Julesburg this way should be in this district. Will look out for Blunt's Indians if they come this way.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a private letter which I have just received from the Governor of Arizona. You see what he says in relation to anticipated Indian troubles, and also what he says with reference to mysterious movements of the secessionists in California and in Arizona. It is all-important that you send me the 2,000 men I asked for in August last. With those and the few men I can raise here the interests of the Government would be more safe. If the War Department would grant me authority to raise and organize a battalion of five companies of 100 men each of Navajo Indians to fight the Indians of Arizona, these latter savages could soon be subdued. The inclosed letter came just as the mail was closing.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

PRIVATE.] PRESCOTT, ARIZ., September 25, 1864.

DEAR GENERAL: Our Legislature convenes on Monday, and we have been actively engaged in making arrangements for their reception. I think that any effort to move the capital will be unsuccessful. Our people are becoming quite alarmed at the condition of Indian affairs, and great apprehension is felt that they intend to make a combined raid against us. I hope that you, if possible, will send us a few more troops. As soon as I can do so, I will make arrangements to raise a portion of that regiment. We are making good progress in Prescott, and hope that you will visit us during the fall and see for yourself. How are the Indian troubles on the plains? We are apprehensive that communication will be entirely cut off between Santa Fe and Kansas. General McClellan is reported to be nominated for President. I am glad that he is, for if Mr. Lincoln is not elected, we shall have in him a good man and true, and one that will vigorously prosecute the war. Let us hear from you.

Truly, yours,

J. N. GOODWIN.

P. S.-The secessionists in this Territory and in California are intending to make some demonstration in Sonora, whether in aid of the

