
raid come upon us at any day. Then again the Indians of the plains, even though and injudicious peace be patched up with them, will be sure to commence their depredations upon trains the moment the winter has gone by. No peace should be made with them until they are soundly whipped. The winter time is the time to make war upon them. They are then in large villages, obliged to keep on streams where grass and timber can be found, and being embarrassed by their families and by their stores of food, are easily overtaken. They know this, and are, I am informed, asking for peace at Denver, in Colorado. Besides, in the winter time the trains are not crossing the plains, and their chances for robbing have gone by until another season opens, when, if they have not been whipped meantime, they will be sure to recommence their atrocities of this year. Recently some of their emissaries came into Fort Bascom with a white flag and said they wanted peace. I sent word for them to go away; that they talked with two tongues; that while they come here to talk about peace they were murdering and robbing our people on the roads to the north; that they must not come in with any more white flags. They should at once by soundly flogged, and if you would but send the troops asked for in my letter of August 29 I sincerely believe we could this winter teach them a good wholesome lesson which they would not soon forget. Whatever is done about sending re-enforcements to this department should be done at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES. H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding at Fort Summer, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your very interesting letter of the 28th ultimo in relation to the condition of the Indians upon the reservation at the Bosque Redondo, and have this day forwarded certified copies of it to the Departments of War and of the Interior. Taking into consideration the requirements of paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 37, current series, from these headquarters, and also the fact that Fort Sumner and its dependencies do not constitute a district, and taking into consideration the injunctions of the Sixty-second Article of War, I cannot see how you can avoid assuming command of the troops, for it is yourself who must give orders for what is needful for the service. Captain Bristol is an excellent officer and has my fullest confidence, and you can place him in charge of any particular part or parts of the service at Fort Sumner, but as you see, general, the orders and the law make you the responsible man, and as such I am obliged to recognize yourself as the commander of Fort Sumner. Please forward a report similar to the one already forwarded at the last of each month, showing the condition of affairs at the Bosque Redondo, the progress made in breaking up new ground, in opening acequias, and their length and capacity, and in setting out trees. Last winter nearly 1,400 trees were set out. Some of these died or were destroyed by horses, &amp;c., this summer. Others must be planted in their place. This winter it is my desire to have 5,000 additional trees planted. The avenue should be extended as far as practicable both up and down the river, and trees should be planted on each side of all the large ace-

