
quias. When they get large they will shade the water and their roots will strengthen the banks. But mainly it is required to have at least this number of trees planted every year to supply fuel to the thousands of Indians when the mesquite roots have all been consumed. Please have a return rendered of all the serviceable plows, hoes, picks, spades, and shovels which you have on hand for the use of the Indians at the end of each month. I desire soon to come down and make a personal inspection of all matters pertaining to the reservation. Pray have every plow running and every spade, shovel, and pick employed in enlarging acequias, in opening new ones, and in grubbing out roots where land must be plowed, and in spading up land for cultivation. I have information that 300 or 400 of the richest Navajoes are now near Fort Wingate on their way in.

Very respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 9, 1864.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth:

MAJOR: It may be that the train which last left Fort Ridgely for Fort Wadsworth will not have left to return before this reaches you. In such case the horses to be sent down as directed in the dispatch of yesterday from these headquarters can be brought to Fort Ridgely under the charge of the escort. You will have to exercise a wise discretion in carrying out the instructions so that the animals to be dispatched below may reach a point where they can be properly fed and attended to without unnecessary delay. Colonel Thomas was written to on the 24th ultimo, to leave only the horses of two companies at Fort Wadsworth, but it seems the dispatch did not reach him in time. By the letter of instructions addressed to you, 8th instant, you will perceive that it is the intention of General Sibley only to leave such horses at the post under your command as are deemed indispensable for scouting and other duty requiring a mounted force. The great object is to save the consumption of grain at the post, and to that end all animals that can be spared without detriment to the efficiency of the service should be sent to Fort Ridgely.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of statements of Horace Bell, scout, John Kennedy, refugee, and Jerry McKenzie, railroad employe.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. HERBERT,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

