
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Statement of Mr. Bell, scout:

OCTOBER 9, 1864.

Left New Orleans 23rd of September for Morganza. Reported to Brigadier-General Lawler, commanding post. Reached Atchafalaya with 150 men (cavalry) and crossed on a raft under their skirmish fire with the enemy on the 24th. Enemy's camp of 300 cavalry (First Texas) at junction of Yellow and De Glaize Bayous; moved to rear of this camp and remained in the vicinity, watching their movements until dusk. Stopped at Mr. Smith's plantation on Bayou De Glaize; procured a horse and Confederate uniform, and copy of furlough; rode all night, following the bayou; stopped to feed and take a nap two hours before daylight. Was surprised by three men; escaped through the woods, and was guided by a negro to the road that leads from Moreauville to Evergreen; thence struck the Marksville road on the 28th and came upon a party of eight mounted men under command of a Lieutenant Holmes, belonging to Terry's command, going to Alexandria. They questioned me very closely, and made me show my furlough, which they kept, and told me to keep along with their party to Alexandria. Kept across the country and struck the Cheneyville and Alexandria road about twelve miles from latter place. On the 30th rode to their camp within four miles of Alexandria, where I succeeded in getting away from my escort, and slept that night in another camp with some teamsters. These teamsters informed me that there were four gun-boats building in the river at A[lexandria]-two of these launched. They had been employed hauling railroad iron for planting. These boats were entirely new, and their casemates were pierced for eight guns-six broadside and one at each end. Could not get any particulars of these boats, but am well convinced that they are actually there. Polignac's division left Alexandria about the 23rd of August; attempted to cross the Mississippi at Waterproof, but his troops, principally Texans, mutinied. He returned to Harrisonburg, and from thence started for Arkansas. The entire force sent into Arkansas were Polignac's, Green's old division, Walker's and Major's divisions. The three latter left Alexandria between the 1st and 10th of September. On the 23rd of September a body of troops (infantry) 2,500 strong, commander not known, marched from opposite Alexandria in a northeast direction toward Monroe. This force had two batteries of light pieces. At Alexandria their are about 6,000 troops, composed of Miles' Legion and Terrell's men, and also a number of small and disorganized Texan regiments, which are being reorganized. General Buckner commands the post. There are three light batteries-brass and rifled steel guns-also a large siege train. No scarcity of commissary stores or clothing. At Fort De Russy there is a small infantry force and West's battery field pieces. Do not know anything of the number of heavy guns there. There are about 2,000 men, infantry and cavalry, at Marksville; no artillery; a Texan colonel, acting brigadier, commanding; think his name is Hoffman. On the Atchafalaya, in the vicinity of Simsport, was a battalion of Texan troops, mounted, 300 strong. These have been re-enforced by all the troops in the vicinity of Berwick, Vermilion, Opelousas, Washington, and Franklin, who are now concentrated along this river. Colonel Vincent was in command of this column, which was nearly 2,000 strong; no artillery. I left Alexandria on the night of the 31st; bought a horse from a negro and proceeded around Cheneyville, striking the road again fourteen miles above Washington

