
Reached this place on the evening of the 2nd; found 100 of the Fourth Louisiana Mounted Infantry stationed there. Left next morning for Opelousas and went mile and a half beyond. Heard of Vincent's column approaching and waited until they had passed, then fell in with the rear and accompanied them back as far as Washington. Left them on the 4th a mile from the latter place, the continuing their march to Simsport. Debray with his brigade, 1,500 men, and one battery, is in the vicinity of Morgan's Ferry, four miles back of the river. I remained at this point until the morning of the 6th, when I started by the Lyon's Ferry road (new military road) for the Atchafalaya, which I was obliged to swim, and came into our pickets two miles below Morgan's Ferry. Reported to General Lawler on the morning of the 8th at Morganza. While at Washington I learned from a negro engaged in the operation, that a keel-boat, loaded with 200 bales of cotton, left Washington two weeks ago to-day by the Courtableau Bayou into the Atchafalaya, thence up the Bayou Plaquemine to within two miles of the town, where it was concealed in a small bayou to await an opportunity of running in.

HORACE BELL.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of John Kennedy, refugee from Selma, Ala.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1864.

I left Selma Wednesday morning, September 21, and came on cars from Selma to Jackson, Miss. There were no regular troops at Selma at the time I left, only a few militia. At Jackson heard citizens and soldiers say that there were about 2,000 cavalry under General or Colonel Wood. Left Jackson September 24, and came direct to Grand Gulf. Saw no troops from Jackson to river.

JOHN KENNEDY.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Statement of Jerry McKenzie, employe on the Southern Railroad.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1864.

I have been employed by the Southern Railroad Company ever since February, 1864. Left Lake Station, fifty-two miles south of Jackson, Miss., on the 21st day of September, 1864, and came direct to Jackson. At Jackson I saw and conversed with two of the men of General Wood's cavalry brigade; should judge from the appearance there were 200 or 300 men encamped at the old Fair Ground. The man said that the command was going to join Forrest's men up or near Memphis. Saw no troops from Lake Station to Jackson and none from Jackson until near Big Black River. A few miles south of Big Black River saw a few men, judged them to be pickets. I have been employed as an engineer on said road.

JERRY McKENZIE.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 10, 1864.

Major S. C. FARRINGTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth Corps, New Orleans:

Colonel Dye with 2,000 men and four guns left at 4 p. m. for Jackson's Point to capture the cattle if possible. The Twenty-eighth Illi-

