
nois, expected from Natchez, is ordered to assist him if necessary. The forces at Simsport and Morgan's Ferry have been withdrawn and are in camp in good condition. Colonel Spicely arrived with his detachment this evening from Bayou Sara. He went out some ten miles, but saw no enemy.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, October 10, 1864.

Colonel R. B. JONES,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Lake Pontchartrain:

Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to inform you that the captain of the steam-boat Savoy will be under your orders whilst lying at Lakeport, in order that you may keep the bayous, &amp;c., on Lake Pontchartrain properly guarded and supplied. She will be required sometimes to go to Fort Macomb and into Lake Borgne, and will receive orders for the purpose from these headquarters, but when at Lakeport she will be subject to your orders.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 10, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM McE. DYE,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding you will assume command of an expedition consisting of the following troops, viz: 1,000 infantry of Colonel Guppey's brigade, 600 infantry of Colonel Spicely's brigade, 300 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, provided with five days' rations and forage and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. You will embark your force with as little delay as possible on the steamers Illinois and Chouteau and proceed up the river about fifty miles to Jackson's Point, at or near which place it is reported that the enemy crossed yesterday at 9 a. m. a large herd of cattle, probably 400 or more, with more still to cross. Your object will be to capture on both sides the river, and at all events to prevent the crossing of any more at that place.

I inclose you for your information a dispatch from General Reynolds, directing the expedition, and a communication from Major John Levering,* giving the facts as to the crossing, and all the particulars as yet received at these headquarters. You may obtain additional information by inquiring of the gun-boat officers on duty in the vicinity. If, on arriving at your destination, you should find that there is nothing to be accomplished, return at once. If otherwise, you remain as long as you think best, and to enable you to operate successfully the Twenty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, expected at this place from Natchez, is ordered to report to you. An order to stop them as they come down is inclosed herewith.

Respectfully, &c.,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Farrington to Lawler and Lawler to Reynolds, October 9, p. 722.

---------------

