
consin, will leave with the train for Fort Wadsworth to-morrow, together with the detachment of Company I, Second Cavalry, acting as escort to the down train. You have probably before this reaches you had an explanation of the Indian rumors about Paynesville and Manannah, which were occasioned by a mistake of Captain Slaugther, who noticed a squad of men from another post at a distance, of whose presence in the locality he knew nothing, and as his own horses whom he had expected to find at a place designated could not be found, he supposed that some Indians had got possession of them and were escaping. These are the facts which I have from one of the captain's men who was with the party.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., September 6, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Telegraph General Sherman what General Washburn says of threatened movement toward Missouri. I think he will stop A. J. Smith, and if necessary, send him against Price, Marmaduke &amp; Co. I only intended that portion of the sick and detailed men of the Nineteenth Corps, belonging to the portion of the command now under General Emory, should be ordered North.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 6, 1864.

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Grant directs that all the sick and detailed men of the part of the Nineteenth Corps now North be returned to their regiments or sent to Northern hospitals. I presume that General Grant's order to make no more exchanges of prisoners was based on the fact that they give us only such men as they have utterly broken down by starvation, receiving in return from us men fit for duty. Every exchange, therefore, gives them strength without any corresponding advantage to us. Not so, however, with exchanges made on the battle-field or immediately after an engagement. Exchanges of this kind, made man for man, as provided for in the cartel, General Grant did not intend to prohibit. You and the officers under your command are, therefore, at liberty to continue the exchanges in the field as provided for in last clause of article 7 of the cartel of July 22, 1862.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff,

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 120. New Orleans, La., September 6, 1864.

* * * * *

4. Paragraph 3, of Special Orders, Numbers 108, from these headquarters is so far modified as not to include in the organization of the First

