HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I returned to this post this day and resumed the command of the district. On my arrival at Memphis I found a telegram revoking the order detailing me as president of a court of inquiry at Camp Chase. The circumstances of the command greatly changed during my former absence. Two of my regiments, the Forty-seventh Iowa and the One hundred and forty-third Illinois, have been sent north and mustered out of the service. The Sixth Minnesota, which reported to me about 900 for duty, have been reduced by sickness, and sending the sick North, to but 117 for duty this day. Three companies of the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry have been mustered out by reason of the expiration of their term of service. The other regiments have been reduced by deaths and discharges. The aggregate for duty this day at this post is 1,272, and for the whole district but 1,615 men. With this force I feel incapable of making any aggressive movements and am only able to do the guard and fatigue duty of the post. Had Price or Shelby turned his attention toward Helena with a force of 5,000 men with my small cavalry squad I could not have been informed of it before they were at the lines. General Canby has ordered the jurisdiction of district commanders to extend to both sides of the Mississippi River. Colonel Forrest at one time and General Chalmers at another have made demonstrations on Islands 60 and 63, occupied by the quartermaster's woodchoppers and contraband camps and protected by my colored troops. I earnestly desire that my forces be increased, and if increased by troops to remain here during the coming winter, it should be at once, in order that they may have time to build huts. The condition of some of the troops is such that I have deemed it essential to send my assistant adjutant-general, Captain T. C. Meatyard, with this communication to make proper representations to General Steele. Freedman's Fort and Fort Pinney are garrisoned by invalid troops, organized by Colonel Eaton for special service, in guarding leased plantations. These men are unfit for service, old, diseased, unfit for soldiers, and indifferently officered. The Thirty-fifth Missouri ought either to be consolidated with another regiment or reorganized into a battalion of five companies, or filled up with an additional company (it has but nine) and its ranks filled with recruits from Missouri. Colonel Sackett, inspector-general, U. S. Army, has just finished his inspection here, and he requested the aid of one of my staff officers to accompany him to Little Rock, which is an additional reason for sending Captain Meatyard.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., October 10, 1864.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding:

DEAR SIR: If you have the troops and are authorized to re-enforce me I beg you to send me as large a force of good well-armed and well-equipped cavalry as you can. My cavalry force is reduced to about

