
in this enumeration. it was the intention to have organized also a battalion of colored troops, but so far only two companies have been reported, one of which of eighty-seven men is armed and mustered. Brief as this report is, I cannot conclude it without returning thanks to his honor Mayor Thomas for a zealous, untiring co-operation in consummating this organization, and also to the staff officers assigned to duty here, who have been constant in their labor and attention.

Having performed the duty assigned me, and finding the emergency in which these troops were liable to be called out gone by and the tax upon my time greater than is consistent with the proper discharge of other official labors, I ask to be relieved from command. The regiments are all provided with experienced officers of their own selection, and any continuance of the organization that may be deemed necessary to insure future safety to our city can be trusted to them with confidence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. GRATA BROWN,

Volunteer Aide-de-Camp, Commanding City Guard.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OATH.

I do solemnly swear that I will bear true allegiance to the United States of America, and that I will serve them honestly and faithfully for the defense of the city of Saint Louis against all their enemies or opposers whatsoever, whether they be armed rebels attacking the city or secret or open enemies attempting to menace the loyal authorities of the city under any pretense whatsoever; and that I will observe and obey the orders of the President of the United States and the mayor of the city of Saint Louis, and the orders of the officers appointed over me by the commanding general of the Department of the Missouri, according to the rules and articles for the Government of the United States.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Roster of field officers of City Guards.

Command.	 Officer.	 Headquarters.

1st Regiment.	 Colonel Charles A.	 National Guard

 Fritz.	 Armory, Walnut,

 	 between Third and

 	 Fourth.

 Lieutenant Colonel

 W. A. Hequembourg

 a.

 Major E. P. Rice.

2nd Regiment.	 Colonel Charles G.	 Lohman's Hall,

 Stifle.	 Broadway and

 	 Jefferson streets.

 Lieutenant Colonel

 William S. Stewart.

 Major Charles

 Leistner.

3rd Regiment.	 Colonel Herman T.	 Soulard Market.

 Hesse.

 Lieutenant Colonel

 William J. Lemp.

 Major George Berg.

4th Regiment.	 Colonel Eugene C.	 Weber's Garden,

 Harrington.	 corner Tenth and

 	 Franklin Avenue.

 Lieutenant Colonel

 Charles Zimmer.

 Major Henry

 Henkel.

5th Regiment.	 Colonel Dennis T.	 Court-House,

 Kirby b.	 probate court-room.

 Lieutenant Colonel

 James H. Blood.

 Major Robert J.

 Rombauer.

1st Battalion.	 Captain N. H.	 Corner Fifth and

 Clark.	 Live, Old Guard.

 Captain Stark	 Darby's Building.

 Regue.

2nd Battalion.	 Captain D. W.	 Fourth street,

 Burley (colored).	 between Spruce and

 	 Almond.

3rd Battalion.	 Unorganized.	 Carondelet City

 	 Hall.

a Doubtful if he can accept.

b Declines, and a new election ordered.

48 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

