
CAPE GIRARDEAU, October 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I can hear of no rebel forces in this sub-district. I have repaired telegraph line to new Madrid, and have reoccupied Charleston. Have a small force now near Bloomfield. The principal part of my cavalry went to Pilot Knob with Colonel McLane to bring the wounded here. I have not heard from them since they left Fredericktown, going west. They should be back to-morrow. As soon as they return I will send a large force to Bloomfield and scout that part of the district thoroughly.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General PIKE:

You have been ordered to Franklin by way of Washington. The general commanding thinks you can march quicker than transportation can be sent you by rail. You will therefore march your command to Franklin, and report by telegraph for orders from that place.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Colonel WANGELIN, Hermann:

Say to the Illinois troops that the interruption of the telegraph lines has kept me from hearing of Price's movements. I have directed transportation for their return. Ask if they will volunteer, while waiting their turn, to put up the trestle bridge over the Meramec. Answer.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, October 10, 1864-3.40 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The universal feeling of the 100-days' Illinois troops is confident belief in the promise made by Major-General Rosecrans when addressing them at Benton Barracks nine days ago, that under no circumstances would they be kept more than ten days from that time, except the enemy was right on their front, which is not the case. They further state that only a very small number of them have ever been employed in such kind of work, or even are habituated to the use of axes or carpenter tools, and would not be able to render the services demanded. All have but one desire, and that is to go home.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 10, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS, Chief of Staff:

I have just arrived here. Did you receive my dispatches from Hermann last evening? General Pleasonton desires to know where General A. J. Smith is. I intend to return on steamer Isabella as soon as I hear from you. Please send instructions if any to this point.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

