
WASHINGTON, October 10, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS:

The Denver draws three feet light. Can take about 100 tons of anything; probably about 250 cavalry is the most. The river is very low and navigation bad. Boats drawing over three and a half feet cannot possibly go up.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, October 10, 1864.

Colonel DU BOIS:

There is a small post ferry-boat here, the Bright Star, drawing about sixteen inches light. She can carry 100 tons freight easily in three feet water. I should think it advisable to use her as a dispatch boat from Hermann, or as far as the line may be up to Jefferson City, for a few days. It will be the quickest mode of communicating for the present.

S. H. MELCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, Mo., October 10, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Gasconade County, Mo.:

GENERAL: Major-General Pleasonton, commanding U. S. forces in this vicinity, directs that you send to this place at once all the cavalry you can spare from your command, and that you will send forward a dispatch by couriers advising him how soon you may be expected here. The enemy made a show of force at this place, formed to attack, retired, and is now in Cooper County, moving west.

I am, truly, yours, &amp;c.,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-7.25 p. m.

Major SIMONSON,

Commanding First Brigadier of Winslow's Div. of Cav., near Melrose:

No news from the steam-boats. Sent a messenger boat from Washington to meet them. They are probably not far from your front on the river now. Send intelligent officers with the scouts to the river, who can learn if they are there or have passed, and where to remain at the river will the boat arrive, and to send you word.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-2.40 p. m.

Captain HUDSON:

I want your fleet to take on about 1,000 cavalry, Major Simonson's brigade, which will reach Melrose by midnight. Send me word whether you will be at Saint Auberts, Tavern Rock, or what landing near them, by the messenger boat and by messenger to Franklin, when you arrive

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

