
SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-3.40 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

The general commanding asks what can you hope from such a small force at Lexington or Boonville, and will not your troops be in danger of capture? Better save the men than the towns. General Smith dispatches that he has heard from you, and will reach Jefferson City if he has to swim the Osage. Mower's advance is on the way. His cavalry will embark to-night near Franklin on boats already on their way to meet them.

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 10, 1864.

Major F. S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp:

Your dispatch of 4 p. m. received. I expect the forces sent to Lexington and Boonville with the citizens that are armed and the works at those places to be able to repel any attacks of General Price in connection with General Sanborn's assistance, who is close behind the rebels, and is constantly engaged with them. I had no more troops to send, having only 1,000 troops left here. Please have ample supplies of commissary stores sent here at once, as we are nearly out; also some forage.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,

Jefferson City:

If General Price goes to Boonville what becomes of your regiment there? The same question as to Lexington. If Price moves westward through the river counties, is not Boonville the best point of debarkation for our troops to do him injury? The cavalry will come up in good condition, but we shall be disappointed as to time.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 10, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The regiment at Boonville has four pieces of artillery and with the citizens, several hundred who are armed, can make a good stand, particularly as Sanborn is keeping them engaged in rear, and they are short of artillery ammunition. Price's force has not yet been able to stand before Sanborn. A large portion of it is badly armed. Switzler's regiment went to Boonville this morning. Captain Yates, just in from Sanborn, reports General Price left Boonville this morning for Lexington. He is traveling very fast, forty and forty-five miles a day. Sanborn is now thirty miles from him, pushing rapidly at their left flank for Lexington also; General Fisk has besides his two regiments two Napoleon guns, one company of Missouri State Militia, and 300 armed citizens and some good defenses. He has two large steam-boats, and

