
BROOKFIELD, October 10, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Sixty-second Regiment is here, or a portion, say 200, without arms or anything. Shall I turn over the arms and ammunition in my possession to arm them with? I have already issued some that they may be prepared for guard duty. Colonel Moberly reports a force of 500 bushwhackers concentrating at or near Brunswick, and marching this way. The rebels now hold Chariton County. Moberly has near 100 men, all told; balance gone South. He says Southern sympathizers won't do for Federal soldiers, and the Order 107 in his county is a failure. He says he can never be induced to command any more sympathizers. I think he is somewhat excited, and that there is no immediately danger, although he says they are making for our road by order of Price. They sent men in to consult with him, and retreated in good order, to save his men, guns, and clothing. The whole loyal element, including soldiers, have come out with him. How are you, Chariton County?

E. J. CRANDALL.

BROOKFIELD, October 10, 1864.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I evacuated the post at Brunswick, Mo., last night, and brought away my remaining force, extra guns, and all Union men that would follow. Decrease of force and large increase of bushwhackers were the main causes. My men are at Laclede, ready to co-operate with forces on the railroad. I desire a leave of absence to report to Governor Hall or General Fisk in person, and would like to go down on the train in the morning.

WM. E. MOBERLY,

Colonel Thirty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., October 10, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Being informed by General Rosecrans that the rebel General Price is coming from Jefferson City, Governor Carney, at my request, has called out the militia, and I have declared martial law to secure prompt organization and unity of action. Telegraph lines are interrupted east of Independence, but my pickets in advance of that report only scattering foes. Shall soon have large force on the border or be moving beyond. Will take the field to-morrow, but try to keep within telegraphic communication.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 10, 1864-12.25 p. m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

I notice in the Leavenworth papers a dispatch to you from General Brown, saying that "the rebels captured four guns from Ewing, and at

