
Maxey, with Cooper and Gano, are encamped some sixty-five miles south of this on the south bank of the Canadian. The messengers who just came in from Fort Scott report all quiet on the road. A large refugee train is on the way from Fort Smith; will be in probably to-morrow. Nothing of importance from Fort Smith. I send mail. I send with mail eleven men of Company E, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WATTLES,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, Kans., October 10, 1864.

Colonel WATTLES,

Commanding Post, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: Messengers leave here this morning. The telegraph is working to Sedalia, Mo. Price is fighting at Jefferson City, Mo. Bushwhackers at Independence, Mo. The entire militia of the State called into active service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

WESTON, October 10, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have closed business here and called the loyal to arms. Can I have the news of Price's advance? Is the ferry to be allowed to run, or will you keep her on that side of the river? The people in the country are terribly excited, and if Price throws pickets across the river there will be trouble here. I am preparing to hold this post as long as possible.

Respectfully,

H. HILLIARD,

Major, Commanding Post.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 10, 1864.

Major H. HILLIARD,

Weston:

No news from Price's advance. Some bushwhackers near Independence, and some think Taylor's bushwhackers crossed over into Ray or Clay, but I have no certainty of this. Price was trying to take Jefferson City last accounts, with a great army closing in on him. The entire militia of this State are turning out, and rebels better keep shady in Platte. I know of no reason for stopping the ferry. Will see General Davies, who has immediate charge of this district.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

LEAVENWORTH, October 10, 1864.

Governor CARNEY, or

Major-General DEITZLER:

I send dispatch just received from Atchison.

J. C. HEMINGWAY,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

