
[Inclosure.]

ATCHISON, [October 10, 1864.]

Governor CARNEY:

At a meeting of the city council this morning the following preamble and resolution were unanimously adopted:

Whereas information has reached this city that a large number of rebels are now congregating in Missouri opposite this city; and whereas this council is in possession of facts which they cannot doubt that these rebels intend to make a raid on this city and other towns in Kansas:

Therefore be it resolved, That Governor Carney be respectfully requested to call out the Twelfth and Eighteenth Regiments Kansas and order them to protect the border from Doniphan to Port Williams.

Attest:

JOHN BELZ,

City Register.

ATCHISON, KANS., October 10, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: R. P. West, messenger from Salt Lake City to this place on the Overland Stage Line, has just reached this place. He reports that on the 7th instant Lieutenant Bremen of Nebraska cavalry, while on a scout on Elk Creek (a branch of Little Blue), having only two men with him at the time, was killed by Indians concealed in brush. His men brought off his body and Mr. West saw it at Pawnee Ranch and conversed with one of the men. From all I can learn I am perfectly satisfied that we can expect no peace with these Indians until the Government carries war into their camps and inflicts heavy damage upon them. The patrolling the road and a merely defensive policy, it seems to me, will do nothing. The Indians can assail trains and coaches as soon as they are out of view of military stations, and continue their murder and pillage in small parties as long as they please. We must open war in its most serious form with them, follow them to their fastness, and slay without sparing all who can fight. A winter campaign well devised would utterly break their power and learn them to fear if not respect our Government.

With the kindest wishes, general, for your health and welfare, I am, truly, your friend,

B. M. HUGHES,

Attorney for Overland Stage Line.

Mr. Holliday has reached Salt Lake safely after a narrow escape from Indians.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES H. LANE,

Lawrence:

Martial law is proclaimed throughout Kansas and you are published volunteer aide-de-camp.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

