
traitor Sylvester Mowry recently came into the southern portion of Arizona through Sonora. I had sent orders for him not to be permitted to remain in this department, and he left Arizona for Guaymas, as I hear, and to proceed thence to San Francisco, where he now doubtless is. If there are any treasonable machinations against the Government either in Sonora or in California, you may depend that man, so far as his ability may go, has a hand in it. If you see the papers in his case sent by myself to our office last March you will become convinced that he ought to be arrested and held in confinement wherever he may be. You have been made aware how helpless I shall be with regard to troops by the discharge of California volunteers in November next. The 2,000 good men which I asked for last August are far under the mark of our absolute wants. We invite aggression and trouble from our very helplessness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARIZONA,Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter., September 25, 1864.

Continued rumors of war from California. If this is true we shall be among the first to suffer. We have not men enough to guard the stock well. Can't have a sentinel at the guard-house. Make prisoners sleep on the sentinels' posts. Do not expect trouble, but I would not be surprised by it. Trains with supplies for this post should have strong escorts. In case of trouble our ammunition would last but a short time.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARIZONA,Fort Whipple, September 26, 1864.

Since writing yesterday I have learned that large numbers of secessionists are leaving Lower California and this country for Sonora. The rebels seem to be organizing there. I have rumors of the organization of the Knights of the Golden Circle here. I think the rebels will attempt to take this country unless they ave overawed by a strong force. If this country is to be held it must be re-enforced.

DEAR GENERAL: I have learned these facts since writing yesterday. I have always inclined to this opinion, but have never liked to express it heretofore, lest I should be considered an alarmist. The indications confirming me in this opinion are sufficiently plain.

I am, yours, truly,

A. L. ANDERSON.

CIMARRON, N. MEX., October 10, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico:

GENERAL: I arrived at this place yesterday, and at once inform you that from what I am unable to judge there will be about 100 Ute and Apache Indians ready to join me on my campaign. I have ordered the Ute and Apache Indians to come in here to-day, when i shall issue to them four beeves. I wish you would send me 100 rifles and the same amount rounds of ammunition, 120 blankets and the same amount of

