
tribute Companies F and G, First U. S. Volunteers, and the unassigned men with them, in the manner indicated. I was in the hope to be able to make a personal inspection of all the frontier posts in order to report upon their condition, but have been unable to do so, and would now respectfully ask for instructions as to whether the detachment at the Coal Mines will be kept there during the winter, in which case some kind of quarters would have to be provided for them without delay. As soon as the troops are distributed I will report fully what disposition has been made of them, but would respectfully request that this post and the line by furnished with the necessary transportation. Captain Kimball took all his transportation along, and if not provided with a number of teams we are unable to supply the outposts with everything needed, and will make a substantial and much better building than originally intended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CROW CREEK, October 10, 1864.

(Via Council Bluffs 18th.)

Major-General POPE:

Brackett's Minnesota Battalion will reach Sioux City the 25th. I will send them to Minnesota without you direct otherwise. Thirtieth Wisconsin, on their way down the river in flat-boats, not reached here yet. In five days 200 of the Eighth Minnesota will reach Sioux City in flat-goats, and seven days after Dubuque, Iowa, ready to join their regiment, ordered south.

ALF. SULLY,

General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 11, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington;

On reflection I do not know but that a proper regard for the present and future interests of the service demands the removal of Rosecrans and the appointment of a subordinate general in his place. In conversation I said that I doubted the propriety of making any change during present complications, but present movements of Hood's army, especially if he should go on to the Mississippi River, may make it necessary to have a commander in Missouri who will co-operate. The best general now in Missouri to take that command would be General J. J. Reynolds, if he is there; if not, then Mower would come next. Probably more activity could be insured by sending Sheridan to Missouri, place Meade where Sheridan is, and put Hancock in command of the Army of the Potomac. I send this more to get your views before anything positive is done than to ask the change at once. It ought to be made, however, as soon as what is though best can be agreed upon.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

