
WASHINGTON, October 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Whatever your judgment dictates as best in view of the western operations now developing, will have my cordial acquiescence. Sheridan is no doubt the best man, but his presence here will spare to you thousands of troops that would be required by any other commander. Have you considered what, if anything, would be accomplished by sending Hooker to the field as division commander, including Missouri, and, if you choose, Kansas and Arkansas, or either of them. I have no wish on this point, but only suggest it for consideration, if you have not already thought of it.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 58. New Orleans, La., October 11, 1864.

The subjoined extract from a dispatch from Henry W. Allen, styling himself Governor of Louisiana, to the rebel Secretary of War, is published for general information:

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Shreveport, La., September 26, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR:

* * * * *

The time has come for us to put into the army every able-bodied negro man as a soldier. This should be done immediately. Congress should at the coming session take action on this most important question. The negro knows that he cannot escape conscription if he goes to the enemy. He must play an important part in the war. he caused the fight, and he will have his portion of the burden to bear. We have learned from dear-bought experience that negroes can be taught to fight, and that all who leave us are made to fight against us. I would free all able to bear arms and put them into the field at once. They will make much better soldiers with us than against us and swell the now depleted ranks of our armies. I beg you to give this your earnest attention.

with assurances of my friendly regard and very high esteem, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of Louisiana.

The class of persons to whom it refers will not be conscripted into the armies of the United States. If they come within our lines all will be freed and they will be received and treated as refugees. They will be accepted as volunteers, or will be employed in the public service, and their families will be cared for until they are in a condition to care for them. If a draft should become necessary no discrimination against them will be made in the enrollment or draft.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 59. New Orleans, La., October 11, 1864.

The major-general commanding has the gratification of announcing that the regimental flags lost, but without loss of honor, by the Union

