
Fourche at the same time. I have two expeditions out now, one of 125 men behind Lake Verret from Napoleonville, and one, 75 men, from Brashear in a gun-boat up Belle River. I shall know the truth of the rumor soon.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 215. New Orleans, La., October 11, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, now at Natchez, will proceed without delay to mouth of White River, and be reported to Brigadier-General Dennis. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 11, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

Send the Third Brigade, Second Division, to mouth of White River; also the remainder of the First Brigade, Third Division. They will report to General Dennis, who will report their arrival to General Steele, and receive orders from him. It is supposed this will make about 3,000 men; report numbers. The Twenty-ninth Illinois, at Natchez, will be called for by transportation from this place. Send a copy to General Dennis with first detachment, and leave word at Natchez for Twenty-ninth to be ready to go to White River.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 11, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM McE. DYE:

The detachment of your brigade, and Colonel J. J. Guppey's command, are ordered to the mouth of White River. Colonel Guppey reports to you with your troops and all those of his own brigade left at this place, together with their camp and garrison equipage and transportation and ten days' rations. The Twenty-eight Illinois Volunteers will accompany you, as it belongs to Colonel Guppey's brigade, and you will instruct the commanding officer of the regiment accordingly. It is calculated that the steamers Baltic and Nebraska with the Ohio Belle will be sufficient transportation. The two regiments, with the cavalry and artillery now with you, and which are not included in the orders inclosed, will be sent down to this place immediately on the remaining transports.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler;

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

