
[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 91. Morganza, La., October 11, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. The Third Brigade, Second Division, and the detachment of the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Corps, will embark immediately for the mouth of White River, Ark., taking with them ten days' rations and all their camp and garrison equipage and transportation complete. They will report on arrival to Brigadier-General Dennis.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Morganza, La., October 11, 1864.

Colonel J. J. GUPPEY,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose you herewith orders for your command to proceed to mouth of White River. You will at once cause the embarkation of your transportation, camp and garrison equipage, with ten days' rations, and proceed up the river to where your troops are on duty, and report to Colonel William McE. Dye, Twentieth iowa Volunteers, who is instructed to take charge of the expedition, consisting of your brigade and his own, and proceed without delay to the mouth of White River. The steamers Baltic and Nebraska are assigned for the transportation of Colonel Dye's brigade and such of your own as may have been left at this point. Colonel Dye will use these steamers or the Illinois and Choteau, as he may see proper. The troops now with Colonel Dye not ordered to White River will be at once sent back to this place on the extra transports. Please get off with as little delay as possible.

By command of Brigadier General M. K. Lawler:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 11, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that 2,000 infantry be held in readiness to move at an instant's notice to the mouth of the White River. The transportation should consist of boats about 180 feet in length and of a sufficiently light draught to enable them to go up the White River, if necessary.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

