HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 11, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding, &amp;c., Vicksburg, Miss.:

Referring to my dispatch of this morning, I am instructed to request that you will be pleased to send the 2,000 men named therein at once to the mouth of the White River and as many more as you may be able to spare without endangering the safety of your post.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., October 11, 1864.

Colonel S. H. WATTLES,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

SIR: If by the time this communication reaches you are satisfied that the enemy is moving toward Gibson you will retain the Eleventh U. S. Colored Troops and train at Gibson. If you have no evidence that the enemy is moving in your direction start the train loaded with corn and the Eleventh U. S. Colored Troops for this place, with orders to push through as rapidly as possible, and also send with it the First or Fifty-fourth Colored, to come part way, say, nearly to the Sallisaw, and then to return to Gibson. I would advise that Colonel Williams come with it. If I find the enemy is moving upon Fort Smith in force I shall have orders to meet Colonel Williams, to come through with the additional regiment, but if I find the enemy is not moving upon this place, Colonel Williams with the additional regiment will return to Gibson. I will send a communication to meet him on the way. I have had information that General Cooper, with his main force, was some twenty-five or thirty miles to the southwest of this place. I have scouts out now to ascertain if it is true, and will probably know something definite by to-morrow. You should be certain the enemy is moving upon you before you retain the train and escort. If you send it, start it at once. It should make forced marches. As the river is now falling rapidly, I do not think it desirable to send a detachment to Mackey's Saline for the purpose of manufacturing salt.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1864-7 p. m.

Major CALLENDER,

Ordnance Officer, Saint Louis:

You are directed to fill any requisition for arms and ordnance supplies that may be made upon you by Major-General Curtis, commanding the Department of Kansas, giving prompt notice of such requisition by telegraph to the Chief of Ordnance, and also giving notice if any supplies are running short, so that they may be speedily replenished.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

