
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 193. Saint Louis, Mo., October 11, 1864.

District commanders will furnish the provost-marshal-general of the department full rolls of all persons, military or civil, who have been captured by the raiders and released upon parole, giving full descriptive list in each case, if possible, and stating briefly the date and place of the capture and release, with such circumstances as may be known and useful to explain the nature of the transaction. If these paroles were exacted in violation of military law, as the delivery of the paroled prisoners is in violation of the terms of the cartel, the enemy has no right to the benefit of prisoners whom he had neither the means to maintain is the case the paroles are not binding.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 282. Saint Louis, October 11, 1864.

* * * * *

10. The Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, now at Benton Barracks, Mo., will report for duty to Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, commanding Saint Louis District.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, Mo., October 11, 1864.

Major H. H. WILLIAMS,

Mineral Point:

There is a report in circulation, and by many credited, that there was a rebel infantry force three days ago at Fredericktown, 5,000 strong, and a rebel cavalry force at Cook's Settlement, 500 strong. It comes by way of Sainte Genevieve. I attack no importance to the rumor, and as I suppose Colonel McLane's cavalry, which has just been to Ironton for our wounded and will reach Cape Girardeau with them to-morrow, is the force which has been mistaken for rebels. I will have Colonel Hiller send you some cavalry if there is none with Brigadier-General McCormick's command now going over from the river counties to the line of the railroad. I wish you to take possession of Pilot Knob with some cavalry and see that the rebels who may be only slightly wounded do not escape. I want all available infantry and citizens employed under direction of engineers of the railroad in reconstructing the bridges. Push the telegraph line through to Pilot Knob as soon as practicable, and open an office there as well as at Mineral Point. Call on the office here for additional operators and instruments.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

