HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 11, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I left Sainte Genevieve on Sunday evening last, the 9th instant, at 6 p. m. A citizen came in about that time from Fredericktown, and stated that there were at that place 5,000 infantry of Price's command when he left on the Saturday night previous. He also stated that there were 500 cavalry at Cook's Settlement, about six or eight miles southeast of Farmington. Lieutenant Brown, Forty-seventh Missouri Infantry, who went out on a scout on Friday, the 7th instant, and returned on Sunday to Sainte Genevieve, made the same statement in regard to the cavalry force above mentioned.

Respectfully, yours,

WALTER H. KIMBALL,

Pilot Knob.

BENTON BARRACKS, October 11, 1864-7.45 a. m.

Captain BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The strength of Colonel Winslow's cavalry division is about as follows: First Brigade, 700 men, 38 officers; Second Brigade, 1,200 men, 42 officers. Owing to the hurry of refitting the command no reports were made by either brigade yesterday. This is very nearly the lowest strength.

A. HODGE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 11, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Am here with my infantry, 2,500, awaiting transportation. Cavalry and artillery left Union this morning for Saint Louis, by turnpike, by order of General Smith.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 11, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General PIKE,

Washington:

Encamp your men out of town. Report to General Ewing for orders. You will stay at Washington till the boats pass with the last troops. Send some well composed and organized scouting parties, with rations, to scour the country toward Hermann, provided you can get the proper men. Ascertain for me and report any news you can get of the fleet of steam-boats from below. If the delay is caused by the unwillingness or treachery of the captains or pilots they must answer for it.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

