
FRANKLIN, MO., October 11, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Four hundred men of the Fifty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia have arrived and reported here. More will arrive this p. m., ample to hold this place. I have transportation to send One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and thirty-ninth Illinois to Saint Louis. Shall I send them at once? Nothing but mischief is brewing; the sooner they are sent the better.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Colonel, Commanding First Sub-District of Saint Louis.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 11, 1864.

Colonel WANGELIN,

Franklin:

Order the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers to Saint Louis at one. They will be sent home. Telegraph what time they will start.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 54. Saint Charles, Mo., October 11, 1864.

Having been relieved of the command of the First Division and ordered to report to Major-General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, I take this occasion to express to the officers and men of the First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, my earnest wishes for their success, and to tender to them my thanks for the self-sacrificing spirit which they displayed on the recent march from Brownsville, Ark., to Cape Girardeau, Mo. It is with feelings of regret that I take leave of this command, which has been with me since the 10th of March, and which during that time has fought many a battle and always been victorious, endured many hardships without a murmur, and which had never yet learned how to be defeated. The memory of Pleasant Hill, where you turned back in confusion the victorious tide of the enemy's column; of Bayou De Glaize, where you fought and defeated four times your own number, capturing many prisoners; the memory of those battles will incite you to future deeds of heroism. I now bid you farewell, and may the God of battles have you in His Keeping.

JOS. A. MOWER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 16TH A. C., Numbers 31. In the Field, October 11, 1864.

Commanding officers of regiments, detachments, and the battery of this brigade are directed to thoroughly impress upon the minds of their men the fact that we are now operating upon the territory of a loyal State; that the people thereof are not enemies but friends, whose sympa-

