
thies are with us, and whose support is given to the Government in whose service we are employed. They must be made to distinctly understand that no indiscriminate foraging will be allowed under any circumstances whatever, and that all acts of plunder upon citizens will be met with severe and most summary punishment. The men must not be permitted to enter gardens of fields along the line of march or in the vicinity of camp for the purpose of procuring vegetables or fruit. Many families are wholly dependent upon these articles for their subsistence, and it is as much robbing to take them as to unlawfully appropriate their value in money. In all instances where such property may be taken its value will be charged against the pay of the soldiers guilty of the act, if they can be identified, otherwise upon the rolls of the company or regiment to which they belong. Commanders of regiments will call the especial attention of their company officers to this matter, and require of them a greater vigilance than heretofore in exercising a proper restraint upon their men.

By order of Colonel L. F. Hubbard:

T. P. GERE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 11, 1864.

Colonel WINSLOW,

Commanding General Mower's Cavalry, Franklin, Mo.:

The master of transportation has found it necessary to use some of the boats intended for your First Brigade. It is hoped there will be enough left to convey it for, say, 700 men; if not, let it march with you to Washington, where you will receive orders. The object is to reach Jefferson City as soon as possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

OPERATOR.

Send copy to Colonel Gale at Franklin; also send copy to operator at Glencoe. Direct him to hire a messenger to take it to Melrose, or until he finds Colonel Winslow.

R. S. THOMS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 11, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. General Sanborn is south of the rebels. The troops at Lexington and Boonville will delay the enemy north of the railroad. The railroad west I have been working on for two days, and except by to-morrow to send troops as far as La Mine bridge. That bridge is destroyed. There is sufficient rolling-stock here to move 1,000 men and 800 horses. I am also repairing telegraph west. Catherwood's command was this morning at the Osage, and I will send it by rail toward Sedalia as soon as the road will admit. General Sanborn reports he expected to reach the vicinity of Boonville last night, and that if Mower's command could be thrown to that vicinity to-day he could bring Price to a general engagement. I have not, however, heard from Mower's command. In reference to

