
MACON, October 11, 1864-3.50 p. m.

Colonel J. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

I have information that Shelby crossed at Boonville with 800 men, with artillery. The troops at Fayette have fallen back to Allen. The impression is that Shelby will strike at this point, as there is about $3,000,000 of commissary stores. If it is possible, I would like to have a section of artillery, and then I think I can give them a good fight. If you cannot send me any I shall give them the best I have.

W. FORBES,

Colonel Forty-second Missouri Volunteers.

OCTOBER 11, 1864-3.40 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Saint Charles, Mo.:

Impress all pilots who know the Missouri River. Have them in readiness to report to Captain Thompson, of Jenny Brown, or Captain Miller.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Steamer Sioux City, Providence, Mo., October 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from headquarters U. S. Forces, Jefferson City, October 8, 1864, I embarked detachments of the Thirty-ninth and Forty-ninth Regiments Infantry Missouri Volunteers and one section of Thurber's battery on the steamers Sioux City and Hattie May on the morning of the 19th instant to proceed via the Missouri River to garrison the post of Lexington. The exceedingly low stage of water and the depth required by the Sioux City rendered it almost impossible to make headway. I was compelled to debark the men and march them around the sand-bars while the steamer sparred over without freight. On arriving at Rocheport at noon of the 10th instant I met citizens fleeing from Boonville with the information that a large force of the enemy had occupied Boonville on Saturday and Sunday. I immediately took steps to secure reliable information by sending my own men familiar with the country on both sides of the river to Boonville. Their report confirms the presence of Price with this main force at that point. Their camps extend six miles down the river from Boonville on the south side, and they have a battery of artillery at the same point occupied by Price, where General Lyon first fought them in 1861. They have fifteen pieces of artillery at Boonville, and considerable of a cavalry force on the north side of the river. They captured the steam ferry-boat in good order. In all this region there is a general uprising of the disloyal element, and such as do not voluntarily enlist with them are being conscripted, both white and black. Large parties are scouring the country, gathering horses and supplies. Finding it impracticable to proceed, I deemed it best to withdraw the transports to this point, report the situation to the general commanding, and ask for

