
further orders. I suggested to the general commanding the probability that Boonville would be occupied before I could reach that point, and also in such an event that I be ordered, if practicable, to march across the country to Glasgow and rally at that point all the additional I might be able to gather from my district and resist the progress of the enemy into North Missouri, but the general thought there would be no difficulty in complying with the orders I had already received. I would impress upon the quartermaster's department the importance of securing light-draught steamers for the navigation of the Missouri River. No boat drawing over thirty inches, freighted, should be sent above Jefferson City. The river is still falling. Transports resting on bars became a prey to the foe, who are thick in every brush patch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH, October 11, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

At the request of General Curtis the entire militia of the State has been called out to meet Price and defend the State. Have not arms sufficient. Require arms at once. They are here, but General Curtis can't issue without orders from you. The State in peril. I earnestly ask you to authorize enough arms issued to meet the emergency.

THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1864.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth:

Major-General Curtis is informed in what manner he can procure supplies of arms and ammunition for any emergency, and the Department will not fail to supply him adequately to the full means of the Government. The ordnance officer is instructed to fill this requisitions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

Governor Carney has made application for supplies of arms and ammunition to be furnished you. As your requisitions have always been promptly filled his application on your behalf seems hardly necessary, as the Department does not doubt you would promptly ask for any necessary supply; but to avoid all mistake on this point Captain McNutt has been directed to fill your requisition promptly. In case he should not be able to do so you are authorized to make requisition upon the ordnance officer at Saint Louis.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

