
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 11, 1864.

Honorable JAMES H. LANE,

Lawrence:

Colonel Walker is the man to command the Sixteenth in the field. The regiment will move down to Olathe soon, and I will see what can be done. The following is part of General Orders, Numbers 55:

Honorable James H. Lane having tendered his services to the major-general commanding, they are accepted and he is assigned to duty as volunteer aide-de-camp.

I shall go to Olathe soon, to-day or to-morrow. Try to urge forward militia to that point. Latest news from Saint Louis is that fighting was going on near Jefferson City. I have sent out troops to open the telegraph line beyond Independence to-day. Troops turning out rapidly everywhere, but not going forward fast enough.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

LAWRENCE, October 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

I understand only one of the three regiments here is to be ordered forward to-day. Attend to it.

J. H. LANE.

SEDALIA, October 11, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

Persons who were taken prisoners by Price's advance in Tipton Monday morning escaped by pretending to belong to George Todd's gang of bushwhackers, and left the rebels between Tipton and Boonville last night, arriving here about 9 this a. m., report as follows: Price's advance captured Boonville night before last. Price's main body was in Boonville last night. My informant says they were divided whether to cross river at Boonville or strike Lexington. Scouts from Saline County report that large bodies of men are moving west, leading to the supposition that Price has decided to strike Lexington. We are surrounded by small parties of men supposed to be bushwhackers. No attack is yet offered us, but we are expecting it will be made. From accidental sources I learn that McNeil, with 2,000 men, passed through Tipton last night in pursuit of the enemy, but do not know how much reliance to place in this item.

S. T. TRACY,

Operator.

SEDALIA, October 11, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

Scouts just in report that large numbers of Shelby's men are scattered along the La Mine, thirteen miles of here. It is reported that Shelby, with his whole command, is near Otterville, and scouts met his one mile this side of Otterville. We are keeping scouts well out that way expecting he will make a demonstration toward us.

S. T. TRACY,

Operator.

