
PLEASANT HILL, October 11, 1864.

Major CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am afraid that with Price on one side and the bushwhackers on the other they will take the small command at Independence. Where had I better send them, here or to Kansas City? I will send another scout on to the Blue from here to-night.

FORD,

Colonel, &amp;c.

PLEASANT HILL, October 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I move to-night to Hickman Mills. It will be right on Price's track. Between 200 and 300 guerrillas are now concentrating in that neighborhood. I am too far south. I will then be in a more central position. There is nothing south of us at all, and I expect Price's advance will attempt to cross there to-morrow night. Will send you express daily.

FORD,

Colonel.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 11, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD:

I have the honor to report that I left Independence, Mo., at 6 p. m. yesterday, with ten men, bearing dispatches to General Blunt's headquarters, Hickman Mills, Mo. Arrived at 8.30 p. m. Delivered the dispatches to the commanding officer of the above-named station, who informed me that General Blunt had taken the field early in the evening, and was then with two divisions of his command moving in the direction of Pleasant Hill, Mo. I returned from Hickman Mills at 9.30 p. m. and arrived at Independence at 12 o'clock, making the entire trip of thirty-four miles in six hours. Returned with all my men; met with no persons on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BAY,

Sergeant, Co. A, Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Department.

FORT SCOTT, October 11, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Shall I directed that wedge tents be furnished to the militia here as at Olathe?

T. J. WEED,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 11, 1864.

Major T. J. WEED, Fort Scott:

Have all such canvas arranged some way to give shelter to the militia at the places of rendezvous. Also make any other arrangements that you can for their comfort, such as will not be likely to involve great expense to the Government.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

