
picked men called out and armed as Provisional Enrolled Militia, but acting under the United States authorities, when requisite, against guerrillas. It was my intention to have ordered these local forces armed and paid by the counties, but the Governor thought it best to give them a State militia status and such compensation as was possible by the State. They will prevent the necessity of self-constituted organizations, have the sanction of the State, and are under control of the national authority. I most earnestly request that the arms may be furnished. Most of the arms distributed to militia in North Missouri were got back and placed in the hands of loyal men just before the late outbreak. Perhaps 1,200 were lost.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 159. Saint Louis, Mo., September 1, 1864.

The general commanding, satisfied that the citizens of the town of Rocheport, in Boone County, Mo., have countenanced, tolerated, and fed, if not encouraged, gangs of bushwhackers and other outlaws, for the last six weeks, and being apprised that a gang of these villains in open daylight shot and murdered Thomas Waterman, the only support of a widowed mother and two sisters, on the steam-boat Buffington, at the landing of said town, orders that the sum of $10,000 be collected from the disloyal citizens of Rocheport and paid to the chief quartermaster of the department for the use of the widow and sisters of said Waterman. The district commander is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

If you find the guerrillas are in Dunklin County in some force, send an expedition after them. It is much better to go after them than wait for them to come.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., September 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding:

There have been two guerrilla bands reported to me since Freeman's men plundered Webster that amounts to anything. Many reports of rebels passing through are caused by my men passing themselves for rebels. My men are continually scouting, and I don't think there are twenty armed rebels in Washington, Saint Francois, and Saint Genevieve Counties at this time.

JAMES WILSON,

Major, Commanding Third Sub-District.

