
stragglers to the Indian Department officials, lest they take the alarm and secrete themselves. The route of the train from Fort Ridgely to the reservation will be so near the scouts' camp on the Redwood Coteau that not much time need be lost in embarking the refugee Indians, and it will be necessary for you to send a portion of the escort in advance of the train to secure them from escape. Having thus stated the intention of General Sibley you act with your accustomed energy and judgment in carrying it out. It will be well to dispatch with the escort two or three trusty men from among the scouts, one of whom at least should be able to converse in both English and Sioux. Some discretion will be allowed Lieutenant McGrade in the letter of instructions from these headquarters as to the question whether or not the detachment of troops shall proceed as far as the Missouri Reservation. You will please have everything prepared so that there will be no delay of the arrival of the train of the Indian Department at Fort Ridgely, as every day at this advanced season of the year is of importance.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 11, 1864.

Lieutenant F. McGRADE,

Company L, Second Minnesota Cavalry, Fort Ridgely:

SIR: Inclosed herewith you will find copy of an order to Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender, commanding Second Sub-District, detailing you to the command of sixty men of your company (twenty of the sixty to be mounted) for special service as escort to a train of supplies belonging to the U. S. Indian Department, and for guarding Indian stragglers to the reservation on the Missouri River. Your duties will be few and simple, yet nevertheless important. You will be required to exercise constant vigilance to guard against surprise on the part of hostile Indians, so as to insure the safety of your detachment of the train, and at the same time to prevent any escape of the Indian stragglers. The teams should be kept well closed up together, and in the daytime a portion of your mounted men should be placed at a proper distance from the train on the flanks and in front, while a rear guard should be also detailed daily. At night the wagons should be corralled properly in a circular form on some spot which is not commanded by ravines, thickets, or mounds. While engaged in this escort duty on will have necessarily to exercise such military authority over the train as in your judgment may be required for its safety. Should there be no appearance of hostile Indians up to the point of the crossing of the James River you are authorized to use your discretion either to continue with the train to its destination and return with it, or after conducting it in safety one day's march beyond the James River to return to Fort Ridgely with your command. Your decision of this question must depend upon such information as you can obtain from friendly Indians, should such be met with along the route, or by such other circumstances as may enable you to determine whether or not there will be any danger to the train sufficient to justify you in continuing to guard it beyond the point indicated. Lieutenant-Colonel Pfaender has been instructed to dispatch two or three reliable scouts from the camp on the Redwood River with you, who will be subject to your orders. At

