
least one of them will be able to speak both English and Sioux, and thus be qualified to act as interpreter when needed. Upon your return to Fort Ridgley you will make a detailed report to these headquarters of everything which was transpired of importance through the commandant of the second Sub-District, and to do this understandingly you will keep a daily journal of events, &amp;c. Should there be any indications of a proximity of Indians you will, after having reached your camping ground, cause rifle-pits and such other defenses as you may deem requisite to be constructed, and for this purpose you are authorized to draw from the assistance quartermaster at Fort Ridgely such axes, picks, spades, and shovels as you may consider necessary for such purposes.
By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., October 12, 1864 - noon.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of war;

I agree with you that Sheridan cannot well be replaced in his present position. I have also considered well the matter of sending Hooker to Missouri, and on mature reflection do not believe he will do. We want there a man who will push the enemy with vigor without waiting to get up supplies from a given base. There are no better men to command a division is such a pursuit of an enemy than Smith and Mower, who are already there. To give a proper head is now the question. After thinking over all the generals who can possibly be spared, I have made up my mind that Crook is the man to send. I would recommend General Logan for Crook's place. He is an active, fighting general, and under Sheridan will make a first-class commander for that department.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 155. New Orleans, La., October 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. In consequence of the number of enlisted men belonging to the First Wisconsin Battery of Horse Artillery having been reduced below the minimum prescribed by War Department general orders, it will at once be organized into a four-gun battery of horse artillery. In its reorganized state it is entitled to only one captain, one first and one second lieutenant, and any additional officers now serving with the battery will be immediately mustered out of service. The surplus guns, carriages, caissons, &c., will be

shipped to Captain F. J. Shunk, chief of ordnance of the Department of the Gulf. The horses belonging to the battery will for the present be retained by the commanding officer.

3. The First Wisconsin and the Chicago Mercantile Batteries of Horse Artillery will be allowed eight horses, &c., per piece and caisson. The commanding officers will make their requisitions accordingly.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

