HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 12, 1864.

Colonel A. B. MORRISON,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: You will detail two commissioned officers and sixty enlisted men, with one and a half days rations, for an important scout. They will embark on the steamer Celeste at 12 o'clock precisely to-night. Each man will have forty rounds of ammunition at least. The officer to be in command will report at these headquarters for instructions forthwith.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain, Twelfth Michigan Infty. Vet. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., October 12, 1864.

Major L. W. BROWN,

Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers:

You will detail two commissioned officers and fifty enlisted men (mounted) from your command with one and a half days rations for an important scout. They will embark on steamer Celeste at precisely 12 o'clock to-night. Be particular that each man is well supplied with ammunition. Have the senior officer report at these headquarters for instructions forthwith.

By order of Brigadier General C. C. Andrews:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain 12th Mich. Infty. Vet. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The term of service of the Eleventh Ohio Battery will expire on the 26th of this month. I recommend that they be relieved from duty here on the 15th. Can I expect this battery to be relieved by another battery? I desire this information, so that should they not be relieved by another battery I can make arrangements to have the guns manned by details. I would be glad if this could be aided, as there are eight guns at this post already manned in that way, and it is difficult to find officers and men competent for that duty.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The rebuilding of the bridges on the Pacific Railroad recently burned by the rebels is essential and a great military necessity in the defense of this State. The railroad company is unable to replace them. Please authorize Colonel Myers to have them rebuilt at once, and the United States to be reimbursed the cost out of freights on the road.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

