
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 12, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

General McCallum will cause the railroad bridges on the Pacific Railroad to be rebuilt by the quickest and surest possible means. He will communicate with Colonel Myers. Send engineer and skillful contractors to erect trestles and complete bridges.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864 - 4.10 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

What is the latest from Price?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864 - 3.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Curtis is in Olathe. We had reports from Sedalia yesterday that Shelby was on the La Mine and his principal force at Otterville. Till now we are in connection there, but know nothing further. If you know anything will you place keep me informed?

THOS A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

HERMANN, October 12, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

As we have reliable reports that Bill Anderson, with about 200 men, is trying to cross the river at or near Portland, we think it necessary to have at least two companies stationed here immediately. All our able-bodied men are in militia service at Jefferson City. Can't your order two or three companies that belong here back from there?

In the name of the citizens of Hermann, very respectfully,

CONSTANCE RIEK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 195. Saint Louis, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Our free Government, established and administered by the will of the people, expressed through legal elections, requires from every citizen a sacred regard for the preservation and purity of the elective franchise.

The general commanding expects the united assistance of the true men of all parties in his efforts to secure a full and fair opportunity for all who are entitled to vote at the approaching elections in the State of Missouri, and in excluding from the polls those who, by alienage, treason, guerrillaism, and other crimes or disabilities, have no just right to vote.

The laws of the State declare who may vote, and prescribe the times and places of voting. But in the present disturbed condition of the country the civil power is too weak effectually to enforce the execution of those laws, or adequately to punish offenders. Wherefore, in com-

