
fore does not prohibit it. At the same time he directs that any soldier who abuses the privilege of access to the polls by any disorderly conduct or by any unauthorized interference with other citizens in the lawful exercise of the right of voting shall be punished, and all military officers are specially charged to prevent any such act on the part of any soldier.

V. Wherever there is good reason to apprehend that rebels, bushwhackers, or other evil disposed persons will attempt to control the election at any precinct by their acts, threats, or presence, a sufficient guard will be detailed to prevent any such control and to keep the peace.

VI. District and all subordinate commanders will strictly and carefully enforce this order at the approaching elections, and use all diligence to bring to speedy and condign punishment all civilians, offices, or soldiers who violate any of its provisions.

VII. The commanding general earnestly invokes the zealous and active aid of all law-abiding citizens, on the day of said election, in preserving the peace at the polls and preventing illegal voting; and he hopes that every newspaper in this State will see proper to punish this order continuously, in every, issue, until the day of the next election.

By command of Major-general Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING THE QUALIFICATIONS OF VOTERS AND CIVIL OFFICERS IN THIS STATE.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Missouri in Convention assembled, as follows:

SECTION W. No person shall vote at any election to be hereafter held in this State, under or in pursuance of the convention and laws thereof, whether State, county, township, or municipal, who shall not, in addition to possessing the qualifications already prescribed for electors, previously take an oath in form as follows, namely: "I, ---, do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, and the constitution of the State of Missouri, against all enemies and opposers, whether domestic or foreign; that I will bear true faith, loyalty, and allegiance to the United States, and will not, directly or indirectly, give aid and comfort, or countenance, to the enemies or opposers thereof, or of the provisional government of the State of Missouri, any ordinance, law, or resolution of any State Convention or Legislature, or of any order or organization, secret or otherwise, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that I do this with a full and honest determination, pledge, and purpose faithfully to keep and perform the same, without any mental reservation or evasion whatever. And I further solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have not, since the 17th day of December, A. D. 1861, willfully taken up arms or levied war against the United States, or against the provisional government of the State of Missouri. So help me God."

SEC. 2. Before any person shall be elected or appointed to any civil office within this State, under the constitution and the laws thereof, whether State, county, township, municipal, or other civil office, he

