
shall take and subscribe an oath in form as follows::I, A. B., do, on oath (Or affirmation), declare that I have not, during the present rebellion, willfully taken up arms, or levied war against the United States, nor against the provisional government of the State of Missouri, nor have willfully adhered to the enemies of either, whether domestic or foreign, by giving them aid and comfort, but have always good faith opposed the same. And further, that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States and of the State of Missouri against all enemies and opposers, whether domestic or foreign, any ordinance, law, or resolution of any State convention or Legislature, or of any order or organization, secret or otherwise, to the contrary notwithstanding, and that I do this an honest purpose, pledge, and determination faithfully to perform the same, without any mental reservation or evasion whatever;" which oath shall be filed in the office of the secretary of state by all candidates for State offices, and by candidates for all county and other officers, in the clerk of the county court (or other officer charged with equivalent duties) in the counties wherein they respectively reside at least five days before the election; and no vote shall be cast up for, or certificate of election granted to, any candidate who fails to file such oath as required by this ordinance.

SEC. 3. Any person who shall falsely take, or having taken, shall thereupon willfully violate any oath prescribed by this ordinance, shall, upon conviction thereof, by any court of competent jurisdiction, be adjudged guilty of the crime of perjury, and shall be punished therefor in accordance with existing laws. And it shall be the duty of the judges of all courts having criminal jurisdiction under the laws of this State specially to charge the grand juries in the counties in which such courts shall be held respectively, and of all grand juries in the performance of their duties under the laws of this State, specially to inquire concerning the commission of any act of perjury mentioned or made punishable by this or any other ordinance adopted by this convention.

SEC. 5. That judges and clerks of all elections held under the laws of this State, shall, in addition to taking the oath required by existing laws, take the further oath that they will not record, nor permit to be recorded, the name of any voter who has not first taken the oath required to be taken by the first section of this ordinance.

SEC. 6. The General Assembly of this State may at any time repeal this ordinance, or any part thereof.

Adopted June 10, A. D. 1862.

AIKMAN WELCH,

Vice-President of Convention.

SAMUEL A. LOWE,

Secretary of Convention.

AN ORDINANCE TO ENABLE CITIZENS OF THIS STATE IN THE MILITARY SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATE OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI TO VOTE.

Be it ordained by the people of the State of Missouri in Convention assembled, as follows, to wit:

SECTION 1. That the commanding officer of any company of Missouri volunteers or militia in the service of the United States or of the State

