
of Missouri, any of the members of which are qualified voters under the laws of this State, shall, on the day of the next general election, and at every subsequent election held under the laws of this State during the present war, cause an election to be held by the members if such company for officers to be elected at such election.

SEC. 2. The commanding of such companies shall cause a sufficient number of poll-books to be made out for each company, properly laid off into blanks, with the necessary heading and certificates attached, and cause them to be delivered to the judges of election on or before the day of such election.

SEC. 3. Three good, discreet, and disinterested persons, members of such company, being qualified voters under the laws of this State, shall be appointed judges of such elections by such commanding officers, who shall administer the following oath to such judges before they enter on their duties: "I do solemnly swear (Or affirm) that I will impartially discharge the duties of judge of the present election, according to law and the best of my abilities. So help me God."

SEC. 4. Said judges shall appoint two clerks, who, before entering on the duties of their appointment, shall take an oath or affirmation, to be administered by one of the persons so appointed as judges of the election, that they will faithfully record the names of all the voters and distinctly carry out, in lines and columns, the name of the person for whom each voter votes.

SEC. 5 At the close of each election the judges shall certify, under their hands, the number of votes given for each candidate, which shall be attested by their clerks, and transmit the same, together with one of the poll-books, by one of their clerks, or by mail, to the clerk of the county court in which the voters are entitled to vote, without delay. SEC. 6. Poll-books shall be opened for each county from which there are members in such company entitled to vote, and at such election only such persons shall be allowed to vote as could vote under existing laws if in their proper precincts, which vote shall be taken and sent to the proper county, as provided in this ordinance.

SEC. 7 When more than one company votes at the same post or station, or belonging to the same battalion, regiment, or division of the army, the judges of said elections may cause one messenger to carry the poll-books to the different counties.

SEC. 8. Any one of the judges of election, under this ordinance, is authorized to administer oaths to test the qualifications of voters and to prevent frauds.

SEC. 9. Each clerk of the country court shall, in not less than fifteen nor more than twenty days after the election, take to his assistance two justices of the peace of his country, or two justices of the country court, and examine and cast up the votes given for each candidate, including the votes received by virtue of this ordinance, and give to those having the highest numbers of votes a certificate of election.

SEC. 10. The votes given at such company elections shall be given viva voce, or by tickets handed to the judges, and shall in both cases be cried in an audible voice by one of the judges of the election, or by some person appointed by such judges for that purpose, and noted by the clerks in the presence and hearing of the voters.

SEC. 11. Judges and clerks of said company elections failing or neglecting to discharge any duty requiring by this ordinance, or the laws now in force, shall be subject to the penalties prescribed by law, and may be prosecuted in the county to which such returns are required to be made.

