
SEC. 12. Every person not being a qualified voter according to the constitution and laws of the State who shall vote at any election under this ordinance, or any person who shall, at the same election, vote more than once, either at the same or different places of voting, shall, upon conviction, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and by punished by fine not exceeding fifty dollars, nor less than twenty dollars, or by imprisonment in the county jail not exceeding three months, and shall be liable to indictment and conviction in any county to which such poll-books, or any of them, shall be returned.

SEC. 13. All persons voting under this ordinance shall be required to take the oath prescribed by the ordinance of this convention, testing the loyalty of the voter.

SEC. 14. The election returns of votes cast at the different precincts in the counties shall be made to county clerks, in all respects according to the statute laws now in force, except as provided in this ordinance; and all acts required to be done under existing laws within a given time after examining and casting up the books, shall be done within the time required by existing laws, after the time fixed for examining and casting up the poll-books under the 9th section of this ordinance.

SEC. 15. Any officer or other person in the service or employment of the United State or the State of Missouri, being a qualified voter under the constitution and laws of this State, may vote at any election held under the provisions of this ordinance, subject to the restrictions and limitations provided by this ordinance.

SEC. 16. This ordinance shall be in force from and after its passage, and is subject to repeal at any time by the General Assembly of this State.

Done in Convention June 12, A. D. 1862.

AIKMAN WELCH,

Vice-President of Convention.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 283. Saint Louis, October 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

8. Colonel B. Gratz Brown, volunteer aide-de-camp, having perfected the organization of five regiments of City Guards (exempts) for the defenses of the city, is at his own request relieved from further duty. The commanding general thanks Colonel Brown for his valuable and efficient services.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 214. Saint Louis, Mo., October 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The commanding officer Seventh Kansas Cavalry will remove his command to Jefferson Barracks and go into camp, reporting by letter direct to Colonel J. H. Baker, commanding post, Saint Louis.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

