
DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., September 6, 1864-7 p.m.

Captain C. H. DYER;

Captain Young, with sixty men, Ninth Iowa, has returned from scout near Arkansas River. He is confident there are no bridges on the Arkansas, but says it is reported a rebel force is at Arkansas Post. He met a few bushwhackers.

C. C. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 6, 1864-9.10 p.m.

Brigadier General C. C. ANDREWS.

Devall's Bluff:

General Steele directs that the troops from Saint Charles move forward by rail to this place as fast as possible or transportation can be furnished. Send the detachment of the Seventh Missouri as escort to what mules the quartermaster's department may wish to send here. The commanding officer will report at these headquarters on his arrival.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, Ark., September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN W. DAVIDSON.

Chief of Cav., Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL; By the inclosed General Orders, Numbers 65, current series, headquarters Department of Arkansas, you will note my appointment as chief of cavalry.* I am also instructed to reorganize a division of the regiments of cavalry serving in the District of Little Rock. Since the above-quoted order was issued I have been constantly in the field, operating against the rebels under General Shelby. I returned yesterday to assume the task of resurrecting the cavalry of this department from a state of utter chaos. There are no staff officers here whose services, can be availed of to assist me, and selections from the line are rendered very difficult by the absence of qualifications among the scanty number of officers serving with their regiments. I may secure an assistant inspector-general, but that is all. Quartermaster commissary, chief medical officer, and assistant adjutant-general are not to be procured. Your assistance is earnestly requested to relieve me from this dilemma. Every energy and ability that I possess shall be exerted to make the cavalry of this department efficient, but it is but just to myself that I should apprise you of the difficulties which present themselves in the way of immediate progress.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 782.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

