
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

I understand your orders to authorize me to take command of all the Enrolled Missouri Militia in my district. Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller wishes to retain the companies under his command that were in active service prior to the present invasion. I cannot possibly organize my men without the control of all of them. Besides this, I think they are all wanted on the west side of the district. Colonel Hiller's force, consisting of the Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry, companies of the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Volunteer Infantry, is, I think, ample for the defense of his district at the present time. I respectfully ask you to definitely state to Colonel Hiller and myself your instructions in the case, so that no misunderstanding may exist.

JAS R. McCORMICK,

Brigadier-General, Enrolled Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General McCORMICK, Cape Girardeau:

I am rapidly establishing the Iron Mountain line, having cars running twelve miles beyond De Soto and occupying Pilot Knob. I think it now rather and probably unnecessary to take the troops over from Hiller's district to that line. This view is approved by General Rosecrans. You will, therefore, only call out in that district such of the militia as Colonel Hiller thinks are needed for its defense after he shall send me the cavalry I call on him for. After calling out, organizing, and turning over such troops you will report here in person for orders.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

General McCormick has just informed me that he has orders to take command of all the Enrolled Missouri Militia in this district, including the six-months' men, and move with them to Pilot Knob. I received telegrams from Colonel Marsh on the 3rd and 6th instant informing me that General McCormick had not control of any troops in active service, and that he has no authority to interfere with any troops reporting to me. General McCormick has shown me no orders authorizing him to take command of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, and without orders I cannot recognize his authority. Will you please telegraph me immediately and let me know whether the militia are under his control or mine, as I wish to full reoccupy Bloomfield and Dallas this week and cannot do so if the militia are taken away.

H. M. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. M. HILLER, Cape Girardeau:

You will send 3,000 rations and three companies of cavalry to Pilot Knob at once, the command to report there to Major Williams, Tenth

