HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,De Soto, October 12, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr., Commanding Saint Louis Dist., Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have this day visited the front - the third bridge over Mill Creek, say twelve miles south of this place. The intervening bridges are guarded by what I deem a sufficient force. The bridge referred to was only burned about twenty to thirty feet on south end, and was supported from falling by a center trestle. It was completed this evening, and the train ran down to the next bridge over the same stream, say half a mile south. This latter bridge is 140 feet span; was burned in the center and fell a mass of ruins. Most of the timber can be used in its temporary reconstruction. This bridge is about fifteen feet high, and its erection will be commenced in the morning. No force yet stationed here. Captain Hemmerle, Company H, eighty-fifth Enrolled Missouri Militia, with seventy men, guards, the one just completed. The mechanics say it will take from four to six days to repair the bridge, to be commenced in the morning. The next bridge destroyed is half a mile or less south of the latter; also over same stream; is sixty feet span and ten feet high; will not be very difficult to build. Another bridge over same stream half a mile south, of Saint Louis, is 140 feet span and thirty-five feet high, all destroyed. This is a difficult bridge and will occupy two to three weeks, best effort. Next bridge over same stream is 160 feet span, twelve feet high; as all down; say fifty-nine miles from Saint Louis; can be built in less time. Another bridge over same stream, one mile, again south, is 120 feet span and fifteen feet high. Next is South Big River bridge, 180 feet span and thirty-five feet high, say sixty-seven miles south of Saint Louis. This is the most difficult of all the bridges to rebuild, and will required at least three weeks in its reconstruction. It is about thirteen miles south of the present train terminus. The track is in good condition and wholly uninjured here, though I am told half a mile or so is torn up near Hopwell, but can be quickly repaired. There is but one working party now engaged on the bridges. I beg leave to respectfully suggest:

First. That the force of operatives on those bridges be largely in creased, so as to have an efficient force reconstructing each bridge at the same time. Otherwise if but one bridge at a time be operated upon it will required two months. The difficulty in transporting material can easily be overcome. The roads are good, the distance is short, and with twenty-five men I can quickly find teams to haul it. If Price can supply himself abundantly with transportation, I think we should be able, and at least justified in borrowing the use of the necessary teams for a short time. At any rate, upon orders I will see that they are quickly forthcoming.

Second. We should have at least 100 to 200 mounted men, and, say, one battalion of infantry, operating from and in advance of the train terminus and bridge builders, to thoroughly scour the country and protect the works from the guerrilla bands.

Third. That the present mounted force of Colonel Fenn's Regiment be retained until some force can supply their place. Colonel Rankin can mount two companies this week if so ordered.

The mounted men of Colonel Fenn's regiment at the Muramic can be spared, the general thinks, without detriment to the service.

Awaiting any further orders you may be pleased to give, I have the honor to be, general, your respectful and obedient servant,

JOHN W. EMERSON,

Major of Forty-seventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry.

