
up the river to obtain news of Boonville, and Smith will be here to-day. Nothing from Mower. Smith's cavalry and two guns moved toward Tipton this morning. Nearly out of rations here. Send me 100,000 rations of hard bread by rail to Washington, and I will send a boat for them at once. Let me know if this can be done.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, October 12, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,

Jefferson City:

Can take brigade of General Pike's men. Pike is fortifying Washington as a depot. Don't make him too weak. Will order brigade to you by boat. Mower is ordered to Nashville; his command will want a general. Where is McNeil? Rations go to Washington to-day. The general wishes you to take command of all the cavalry as soon as he arrives at Jefferson City.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, October 12, 1864 - 1.20 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,

Jefferson City:

General says be careful. Concentrate all you have, and watch. Let Sanborn keep his main body safe from a dash, and watch with his advance. We want time to concentrate. Twelve hundred infantry at Rolla. Will send if you need them. Telegraph.

J. V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 12, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A dispatch from General Sanborn, of 7.30 a. m. to-day, six mile from Boonville, says the enemy were found in large force last night, 12 p. m., on the Georgetown and boonville [road] and reports advance also on the Tipton and Boonville road. The enemy has passed west this evening. Colonel Catherwood telegraphed from california that General Sanborn was falling back and was then near Pisgah and was fighting in retreat. I ordered him to re-enforce Sanborn immediately and take his supplies to him that were at California, and I directed Sanborn to hold his position at Pisgah. General Smith has commenced to forward his troops by rail to California, and will continue to do so through the night. I have ordered General Fisk to this point from Providence. Mower's command was heard from, passing Washington to-day. A scout this evening reports General Price's supply train on the Lexington road west of La Mine River. Everything looks better for a fight of price will attack Sanborn. He is receiving re-enforcements rapidly from the north side of the river. Mower's command ought to be here to-morrow, when I shall move with it to the front and leave General Fisk's command here until Pike's brigade arrives. It is reported by General Fisk that Captain Shoemaker, who commanded the militia

