
company of Boonville, was hung by Shelby yesterday. Price mae a speech, and said he came to missouri to redeem the people; that it was his last effort in their behalf; if they would flock to his standard promptly, all would be well, and he could remain among them; if not, the Confederacy would not again offer the oppressed of Missouri redemption from their woes.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Price was reported aiming to cross the Osage at Warsaw, his baggage train in front. Ammunition train from here to Springfield left Lebanon at 12 m. under heavy escort. Four hundred, said to be under Rains, were at Licking yesterday, but I had no cavalry to send out.

ALBERT SIGEL,

Colonel Fifth Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., October 12, 1864.

SIR; Having learned from my scouts that you succeeded in capturing a lot of desperate bushwhackers, amongst them a certain Lennox, who was recently around this post murdering and plundering, I thought it prudent to send you Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens with this dispatch to inform you about the character of your prisoners. It would also be better and safer to escort them here, and it would be well to do it forthwith. Use all vigilance that they don't escape. They will be under grave charges when they are here, and you are free to bring them to Jefferson City afterward whenever there is no risk to go through to that place.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Providence, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from the general commanding, I have disembarked the forces of my command, together with those of Colonel Switzler, at this point and wait further orders. The detachment of the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Veterans I have disturbed on the several transports as guards. The latest information received from Boonville indicates the enemy to be moving their forces five or six miles to the rear of the city. Cannonad-

52 R R - VOL XLI, PT II

