
ing is heard in that direction this morning. They had a battery at Bacon's Point yesterday. I shall push scouts up the river on both sides to-day, and be able to give additional information to-night. The troops of my command consume their last rations to-day. I have the honor to suggest that rations and ammunition for the artillery be immediately sent up by the steamer Cora, and that I be permitted to-night to take the Cora with a strong guard and two pieces of artillery and proceed cautiously up the river on a reconnaissance. If their battery has been withdrawn from Bacon's Point, I will send a scout up the south bank of the river, obtain all the information possible, and give it to you to-morrow morning by the Cora. Colonel Switzler's teams were left at Jefferson City for transportation by next steamer. They could be forwarded by the Cora if the general commanding concludes to send her up for the purpose herein indicated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Providence, Mo., October 12, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my scouts just in from the neighborhood of Boonville, on the north side of the river, bringing me information that a large cavalry force with four pieces of artillery (of the enemy) have crossed from Boonville to this side, and are operating with vigor. The garrison of Fayetteville is report to have evacuated and moved to Macon. Fayette was occupied and plundered by Clark's forces last evening. I fear Glasgow may have fallen, too. Anderson, who crossed to the south side on the 7th instant, was yesterday ordered by Price to return to North Missouri and continue his work of murder and destruction. He will be heard from on the railroads soon. My mounted troops being nearly all with Sanborn, and the bushwhackers having cleaned the country of horses, I am unable to do but little with my district force against the guerrillas. A large cavalry force ought immediately to be thrown into North Missouri. Railways will be destroyed, country seats robbed, people plundered, and a rebel conscription be vigorously enforced. The troops now guarding bridges and county towns will be in danger of capture and losing their arms, if not their lives. I will concentrate all the different detachments I can reach with orders, I inclose a communication just received from Honorable J. S. Rollins, of Columbia. I shall order Columbia evacuated and the troops to this post. The steamer Isabella went up the river to-day as far as Rocheport and returned to this point with no further information than had already been obtained and forwarded to the general commanding. I have suggested to the commanding officer that he move up the river at daylight to-morrow morning, proceeding as far above Rocheport as the enemy will permit him to go before returning. I have no additional intelligence from the south side of the river. The Cora goes down to Jefferson City to-night, and I have the honor to request her early return with rations for the command.

Waiting your further orders, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

