
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I suppose Governor Carney wants more arms for militia. They are turning out at my instance to repel Price, who is advancing. The militia is my main dependence. Can I issue on Governor's requisition? Former orders are exhausted or impracticable. Price is moving west from Jefferson City, his advance nearing my line.

S. R. CURTIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS, Leavenworth:

This Department seems to be unfortunate in expressing to you the authority to make requisitions for arms and ammunition. I know of no language to express more clearly than has already been done the authority given you to make requisitions for whatever arms and ammunition you deem necessary for the defense and security of your department. No restriction has been imposed upon you in respect to the class of troops that are to use them, whether regulars, volunteers, or militia. You are to judge whether they are needed. If Governor Carney asks you for arms that you believe to be needed for troops called into service by you it is your duty to supply them; if you think they are not needed for the public service it is your duty to refuse them. The responsibility of judgment is upon you, as it is upon the commanders of other departments, and also the authority to act upon that judgment. The authority being ample, there will be excuse for not acting so as to meet whatever exigency may arise.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY, Leavenworth:

Arrived here in advance of troops, but some from Lawrence are camped near, and a regiment of Leavenworth infantry is reported near. Caution these forces not to break themselves down by hard marching the first day, also to be sure to have one day's rations at least, and wagons to help them. I am sending out wagons to collect the weary stragglers. This is a poor place; forage, water, and wood too scarce. I wish troops would rest first day on the Kansas road.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES H. LANE, Lawrence, Kans.:

Will confer with Major-General Blunt as to command at Lawrence. Our force will cover that point well. I am here in advance of all the militia. Hope they are coming with General Deitzler and yourself. Nothing important. Shelby, in Price's advance, was on the La Mine last night.

S. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

