
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Olathe:

From General Davies' scouts I learn that a party of men organized on Leavenworth City, calling themselves independent, scouts, crossed the river to-night on flat-boats, no doubt with the intention of plundering the Missourians. They number about 80 or 100.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

The gun-boat Morgan is rapidly being put in order. I have an excellent pilot on her from the Emilie. She will be kept subject to your orders.

W. H. STARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

OLATHE, October 12, 1864.

General BLUNT:

Scouts should be sent due east from Paola sixty miles or more. It is important to know whether Price goes south, and as soon as possible, scout after scout, one or two each day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Have directed company at Coldwater Grove to send scouts east into Missouri; also directed Colonel Jennison yesterday to send scouts across the Osage at Papinsville and north in direction of Sedalia. Militia of first two tiers of counties coming in promptly and in fine spirits; they have not yet arrived from the western counties. Will report to you late this evening the strengthen and condition of militia. Work on fortifications progressing well. This is a very strong natural position and can be easily defended, especially against cavalry. Wood and water plenty. I would suggest that the militia be required to wear some badges by which they can be known, as many of them look very much like bushwhackers. A badge of red, white, and blue on their hats would be the thing, I think.

JAMES G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Camp near Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT,

Paola, Kans.:

News from Lexington via Liberty just received. Lexington is threatened by large force. All intelligence indicates Price's movement west. Press forward your cavalry and artillery toward the Hickman Miss, infantry toward Shawneetown. Leave garrison of 800 or

