
1,000 at Fort Scott, and a proper garrison at Paola. I go forward myself in the morning, but will have to be somewhere on the telegraph line toward night, and will keep up communications with you at Hickman Mills.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, KANS., October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have sent Colonel Moonlight with nine companies of the Eleventh Kansas and two companies of the Fifth Kansas and four mountain howitzers, to concentrate at Aubrey to keep open communication with Colonel Ford at Hickman Mills, and to act in concert with him (Colonel Ford) in repulsing the advance of the enemy should they move toward the border.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In Field at Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

The movement of Moonlight is approved. This is no place for an army. Neither wood nor water sufficient. Will look over the field from this standpoint to-day. Ford, you know, went to Hickman Mills last night. I have directed him to keep moving about, and such are my orders as to Moonlight. Let the advance shift about so as not to give rebels knowledge of our purpose or position.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, October 12, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Commanding Sub-District Numbers 2, Paola, Kans.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you concentrate all the cavalry force in your district (including the four mountain howitzers), except Company C, Eleventh, and Company L, Fifth, in the vicinity of Aubrey, with as little delay as possible. Your command should be supplied with five days' rations, and all tents will be sent to Olathe and this point; also all surplus transportation, camp and garrison equipage, and baggage. It is expected that the troops will be in as light marching order as possible and everything will be dispensed with not absolutely needed. You are directed to keep open constant communication with Colonel Ford, at Hickman Mills, and co-operate with him in repulsing the advance of the enemy, reporting your movements and all information relative to the enemy promptly to these headquarters, You will keep a vigilant patrol passing north and south, and arrest all persons passing in or out of our lines without proper authority.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

