
PAOLA, KANS., October 12, 1864.

Colonel PLUMB:

Concentrate your entire command (cavalry) on Blue, a little north of Aubrey. I will be there to-night. Strike all the tents and send them with camp equipage to Olathe, leaving one wagon with each company, with rations, such cooking utensils as are necessary, and all the ammunition on hand and blankets. Concentrate rapidly. General Blunt desires that you remain at Olathe in command, with your staff, &amp;c.,until we are ready for the fight. I will send for you. You shall have your share, certain.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

PAOLA, October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Received the following dispatch:

OLATHE, October 12, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

My command is all concentrated on the Blue, near the line. Fortifications here all completed; guns mounted and manned; muskets and ammunition all issued. There seems to be nothing further for me to do here. I would respectfully ask permission seems to be nothing further for me to do here. I would respectfully ask permission to join my command this evening or early in the morning. About 600 Douglas County militia in and many more coming.

P. B. PLUMB,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Curtis for action.

JAS G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

OLATHE, KANS., October 12, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

The operator at Pleasant Hill reports that Colonel Ford left there at 10.30 last night for Hickman Mills. Will wait there for Price. Colonel Ford thinks Price will attempt to cross there to-night.

OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Hickman Mills, Mo., October 12, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Olathe, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that at 10 p. m. yesterday I left Pleasant Hill for this place, reaching here just before daylight. My reasons for this move were that from all I could learn of Price's movements he evidently to strike north of Pleasant Hill, probably between there and Independence, leaving me in danger of being cut off from your main command, thus losing all power of giving you information, and at the same time rendering me powerless to help. Again, at Pleasant Hill, I was over thirty miles from your main army, and part of the country between dangerous for small parties to travel through. At this place I am only six miles from Oxford, on the Kansas line, sixteen from Pleasant Hill, fourteen from Independence, and thirteen from Kansas City; and, moreover, on the route that Price must come on account of water and forage, which in this vicinity is plenty.

