
Another reason for thinking that Price will come this way is that guerrillas have told some of their friends that they have positive orders from his (Price) not to destroy any forage in this neighborhood. I telegraphed my views on this subject last evening to Brigadier-General Davies, at Fort Leavenworth, and he told me to act as I thought best. At the same time that I left Pleasant Hill I sent Captain Greene with 100 men north and northwest to scout well Cedar Creek and the Little Blue, reaching this place by the way of Raytown. He arrived about noon to-day. He had seen no fresh signs of any large body of guerrillas, though he could hear occasional of small bodies of five or six in a gang. He ascertained that it was their intention to capture this place from the citizens militia to-night, taking their arms from them, but not destroying any forage. I have sent Captain Elmer and Fifty men toward Pleasant Hill to-day; Lieutenant Keith with fifty men east and northeast, and Company D (forty men) to Independence, all to return to-night. I propose to keep Captain Moses and his two companies at Independence for the time being, as an extreme outpost, to be ready to move in a minute, and, as I am now in his rear, to fall back and re-enforce me in necessary.

Hoping that my actions meet the approval of the major-general commanding, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Camp Charlot, near Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Independence:

Colonel Moonlight will probably join your command at Hickman to-night with considerable force. Troops are coming in from all directions.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Following is all that has been received to-day:

INDEPENDENCE, October 12, 1864.

General CURTIS:

I left Pleasant Hill with six squadrons and arrived at Hickman Mills this a. m. I sent out at the time I left Pleasant Hill two squadrons on the road to Independence and the Little Blue, to strike the Blue at the crossing and scout from there up. I sent fifty men as patrols on Hickman Mills and Pleasant Hill road, also forty on Hickman Mills and Independence road. A scout of fifty men northeast of Hickman Mills on the Little Blue. Any instructions or answer?

By order of Colonel J. H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry:

MANVILLE,

Lieutenant.

JOHN WILLANS.
HEADQUARTERS,Lexington, Mo., October 12, 1864.

General S. R. CURTIS:

I am at this post with a small command of only eighty effective men (cavalry) and a few hundred citizen guards, and am surrounded by

