
several hundred guerrillas and Confederate soldiers, variously estimated at from 500 to 1,500, commanded by Todd, Green, Pool, and other guerrilla chiefs, with three Confederate officers with a small force each, and it is said Anderson will be in command of they make an attack on this place. Is it possible for you to send any assistance to us from your command? If we are not re-enforced we will be overpowered in all probability before Sunday night. We shall give them the best fight we know how, with the rallying cry never to surrender to any bushwhacker. If you can do anything for us please do so without delay. My citizen guards will be no account in a fight with Confederates.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Co. M. First Cav. Missouri State Mil., Commanding Post.

(Similar dispatch to commanding officer at Kansas City.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Olathe, October 12, 1864.

Major PRITCHARD,

Commanding, Kansas City, Mo.:

Send out couriers to Liberty and learn from Lexington what has become of Colonel Harding and Major Curtis and the steam-boats Benton and West Wind.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., October 12, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

From the best information the enemy will strike Kansas at Little Santa Fe; so Ford says. Shelby was yesterday on the La Mine and his main force at Otterville. No news from Price yesterday. Will keep you posted.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 37. Milwaukee, Wis., October 12, 1864.

I. In parting with the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, which is ordered South, the major-General Commanding avails himself of the opportunity to bear testimony to the high reputation for discipline and efficiency maintained by that regiment during its whole service in this department. The uncomplaining and soldierly fortitude with which it has borne the hardships of service on the frontier, and has sacrificed strong inclinations to join the armies in the South, and to exhibit its high qualities in a wider field and a more prominent theater, is beyond all praise. Its record in this department warrants the confident belief that its course hereafter will be attended with all the fame and honor which its most ardent friends could desire. In departing for the South the regiment will have the satisfaction on knowing that

