
largely inconsequence of its own exertions it leaves the frontiers of its State secure from Indians wars, or from the re-enactment of those scenes of savage outrage and barbarity to the repression of which its services for two years have been devoted. The major-general commanding the department tenders hearty thanks and his cordial good wishes to the regiment and to Colonel Thomas, its distinguishing and worthy commander.

II. To the four companies of the Thirtieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, now in their march to Saint Paul, to join the army of General Sherman, the thanks and good wishes of the department commander are also eminently due. Although these companies have had no opportunity to distinguish themselves in the field, they have performed arduous and harassing services with zeal and fidelity, and with that same sacrifice of personal inclinations to a sense of duty which has so prominently marked the official conduct of the regiments serving in this department. To Major Clowney and to these four companies under his command the major-general commanding the department tenders his thanks and all manner of good wishes.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,October 12, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: The detachment of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, under Captain Davy, that went to the rescue of Fisk, reached here this afternoon. The Indians had all left Fisk number of days before the expedition reached him. He and his command returned to Fort Rice; part of it (ten wagons) came through with Captain Davy, and part went down the Missouri with General Sully's brigade, and part remained at Fort Rice. The Captain reports having seen an encampment of some 200 lodges on the Missouri Coteau and about half way from Fort Rice to the James River, and that he also saw other fresh signs of Indians at other places. I trust that the next mail will bring me orders in reference to the forces to be kept here this winter, and especially in reference to the amount of stock. I would respectfully suggest that one company be ordered down to Minnesota, and with it the best for one company and the scouts. Those with the stock of the quartermaster will be all that we can possibly winter and do justice to. In my last I stated the amount of hay that there was any prospect of obtaining, and that is about twenty miles away, and the chance of its being destroyed any day by fire. I shall be surprised of the Indians do not make the attempt, and from present indications as to the amount of corn and oats that are and will be here, w could only feed for about forty days at full rations. We are going to be troubled about hauling the hay in, as we are short of transportation. The saw-mill keeps twenty-four mules daily employed. I found it absolutely necessary to give Captain McKusick, assistant quartermaster, an order to take possession of four mules teams that brought up the baggage of Captains Bonham's and Straut's companies, when the came up was escort to Brackett's train, which left for Fort Ridgely to-day. They

