
will help us much in our difficulty, but we still need more transportation here, for in addition to hauling hay we have lumber, stone, wood, &amp;c. We had some talk with Mr. Brackett about leaving some teams here to haul the hay, but the best proposition that he made was to leave twenty-five wagons and fifty yoke of oxen (the oxen to be killed for beef after the hay was hauled), two wagon-masters, we to furnish the drivers, price $100 per day. So I thought it much better to take possession of the four mule teams, which I did, and with them we can manage to get along, I think. Buildings are progressing as rapidly as circumstances will permit. The saw-mill cuts but slowly. The hospital is inclosed and being finished. The quartermaster and commissary building is being roofed, about half shingled. Foundation for a block of the men's quarters about finished. The commissioners, Messrs. Brown and Gilbert, are now here. They came with my mail couriers on the last trip from Abercrombie, and will return with them in the morning. I will send down in a day or two (just as soon as the horses are a little rested) the detachments of Companies A and G, Second Minnesota Cavalry, that were out with Captain Davy. Those of the Eighth Minnesota Infantry that went out have gone down the Missouri on boats.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., October 12, 1864.

Major FARRINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, 19th Corps, New Orleans:

The Twenty-eighth is here without arms. They can get new arms and equipments at Vicksburg by having General Reynolds' approval, or an order. Please telegraph immediately, as the regiment is on the transports, awaiting orders.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

The major-general commanding directs that the Twenty-eighth Illinois disembark at Morganza, and that an officer be sent to this city at once with requisition for arms for the regiment.

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FORCES AT JACKSON'S POINT, Numbers 1. October 13, 1864.

By direction of General Lawler the undersigned assumes command of the forces under Colonel Guppey, as well as those under Colonel Glasgow. Staff officers as follows: First Lieutenant C. S. Lake, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant C. F. Loshe, acting assistant quartermaster.

WM, McE. DYE,

Colonel, Commanding.

