HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of White River, Ark., October 13, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your telegram of date October 8, 1864, was received this a. m. In reply I can only say what I have already stated in a previous communication to you. The brigade I sent up White River is now in camp at Devall's Bluff and are engaged in building winter quarters. Captain Crane, of my staff, who accompanies the troops, returned this a. m. direct from Major-General Steele's headquarters. He stated to Captain Crane that the emergency necessitating the call for re-enforcements had passed away, the enemy having gone south across the Saline River, and have been pursued by our cavalry about seventy miles. He desires that portion of this division now at Devall's Bluff to remain there for the present, as in the event of Price being driven south they might be of service checking him. Under the circumstances I have the honor to request that the troops belonging to the Second Division now at Devall's Bluff be ordered to return to this point. At any rate, I shall assume the responsibility of remaining here until I receive further advised from you or another call from General Steele.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 13, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

Nearly all of the force in the Trans-Mississippi Department, except General Taylor's old division (about 6,000), are moving against your line. The rebel leaders expect Price to be soon driven out of Missouri, and this movement is made to carry your lines and cover his retreat. I have sent 3,000 troops from Morganza to report to you, and have ordered General Dana to send 2,000, or as many more as can be spared from Vicksburg. I retain about 3,000 to watch Taylor's division, which is still under orders to cross the Mississippi. Captured letters from Kirby Smith's headquarters represent Magruder's force as greatly demoralized, but don't rely upon that. The same letters give Price's force as 12,000. Magruder's is not over 15,000 or 16,000. Price is expected to strike Devall's Bluff on his return. Our force in Arkansas will be nearly double that of the enemy.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, October 13, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

My front is clear now to Camden, except pickets on the Saline and a small cavalry force at Princeton. My cavalry returned from Fort Smith to-day. They skirmished with the enemy from Lewisburg to Fort Smith and back, with cavalry supposed to have been left by Price at Dover to keep open his communications across the Arkansas at Dardanelle. Fort Smith has been constantly threatened by a force of

