
HERMANN, October 13, 1864 - 11.25 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

I send for information of the General-in-Chief a copy of my message of this day to General Canby.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

HERMAN, MO., October 13, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

Your dispatch of 4th instant received at this place on my way to Jefferson City. All available mounted men of the department are between Tipton and Boonville, where Price now is, having passed from Pilot Knob across by Jefferson, destroying all railroad bridges and threatening to attack Jefferson, where we had concentrated near 8,000 men, passed around it and went to Boonville. He captured the garrison of militia and citizens 300; took the stream ferry-boat and has crossed a force reported 2,500 strong, under Shelby, who is now conscripting in Boone and Howard, and will, it is believed, destroy bridges on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad. General Smith, with one division, has joined Pleasonton and Jefferson City and was moving out last night to California. Mower's division and Winslow's cavalry are en route for Jefferson, part above and part below this place. The river is so low the boats only average thirty or forty miles per day. Should we be so fortunate as to get up in time I think we will make an end of Pappy Price and his attempt to redeem Missouri. Will keep you advised of the movements of this raid from time to time.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 13, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Captured letters from the headquarters of General E. K. Smith fix Price's total force at 12,000 men and Magruder's force, which is now threatening the line of the Arkansas, at 15,000 or 16,000. The rebel leaders expect Price to be driven out of Missouri soon, and Magruder has been ordered to attack Steele's line or at least to cover Price's retreat. The attempt to cross the Mississippi River has been abandoned, with the exception of General Taylor's old division, about 6,000 of which are still under orders to cross. With the exception of 3,000 men retained to prevent this crossing, I have sent all the disposable force in this department and the District of Vicksburg into Arkansas. Price is expected to strike Devall's Bluff of his return, but the movement of General Mower's force which was not known at Shreveport on the 26th will probably turn him into Southwester Missouri, and thence into the Indian Territory. There will be a sufficient force in Arkansas to insure his destruction if he attempts to return by the route by which he went up. If defeated in Missouri he must be followed by your troops as long as possible. Please communicate to General Steele any information in relation to the movements of the enemy that are of any importance.

53 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

