
Send duplicates to General J. J. Reynolds, in command of the troops sent from this section. It may sometimes reach him earlier than if received from General Steele's headquarters.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Major General Joseph J. Reynolds.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 13, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: General McCallum, director and manager of military railroads, has been instructed to cause the bridges on the Pacific Railroad to be repaired as soon as possible. He will communicate with Colonel Myers on the subject. He will send an engineer of experience and skill, and will contract with some experienced bridge-building form to do the work. Bridge-builders are difficult to find, and he reports that, considering the difficult of obtaining men and the necessity of providing tools, this is the quickest mode of proceeding. All our regular constructions corps is now fully occupied in Virginia and Tennessee and Georgia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

HERMANN, MO., October 13, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM MYERS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Boeuf Creek bridge should be rebuilt immediately. We gain twenty-four hours. La Mine bridge burned.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HERMANN, MO., October 13, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM MYERS,

Chief Quartermaster, Saint Louis:

Boeuf Creek bridge will be repaired in three days. Make your arrangements to have a smart shipping quartermaster. Have telegraphed Metcalf that heavier draught boats will be sent down. See him and have him arrange a line of light-draught boats to do our freighting from railroad terminus up. Push everything for the next two or three days. The Sioux City goes from here to Washington to-morrow; captain reports can carry seventy-five tons. Arrange with haines for freight supplies, quartermaster's and commissary stores in the order of their necessity.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

