
PILOT KNOB, MO., October 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

My scouts has just come in. They found Berryman and between 200 and 300 men on Pruett's farm on Saint Francois road, about eighteen miles from here east, in a strong position. From information gained I think they will move southeast, fifteen miles, on, to Cedar Creek in the morning. I have sent thirteen men to Patterson, who have not yet reported.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HERMANN, MO., October 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General PIKE,

Washington, Mo.:

Captain Scull reports that messenger boat was ordered to be loaded with stores. If this is so, telegraph Gale at Franklin to send special messenger to Dozier with your orders, the messenger to return with list of boats suitable for up-river transportation, and also those not suitable, which lists are to be sent to me here.

By order of General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, MO., October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Has my cavalry been ordered to this point? What steps have been taken toward forwarding the absentees from my command. Second Brigade, General Wolff, has just left on three boats for Jefferson City.

E. C. PIKE,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 13, 1864.

(Received 6.30 p. m.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Hermann:

The following dispatch received from Captain Yates, at California:

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Jefferson City:

General Sanborn left the front of Boonville yesterday morning moving early. Arrived here, California, at 5 p. m. Assigned for a reason out a rations. The train which I escorted arrived here at 7 p.m., and command was relieved at once. Catherwood arrived about 5 p. m., and was dispatched at 9 p. m. with the entire command to grapple with the enemy, supposed to be at Boonville still. The enemy did not follow Sanborn's retreat five miles, his attention being called to some infantry which was landing below the town - Forty-fifth, I suppose. The 100 men were dispatched at a gallop to Ma Mine bridge at 6 o'clock last night. Sanborn thinks the enemy will remain at Boonville; have news that La Mine bridge is burned, but don't consider the news reliable. Am expecting momentarily to hear from Sanborn, who promised to send back word when he got any information. Part of Smith's command have already reported here.

G. W. YATES,

Captain Company G, Thirteenth Cavalry.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

