HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT,In the Field, September 6, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that since my report of the 30th ultimo the troops under my command have been doing active field duty with but little success in the way of finding guerrillas. At 12 m. Thursday, September 1, we moved with 300 men en route for Morristown via Blackwater Crossing of the Snibar, but could neither see nor hear of any guerrillas as far as Pleasant Hill, where we turned back and went into camp on the Little Sni, seven miles from Lexington, on the Greenton road. Owing to the severe hot weather and the scarcity of water this was a very damaging trip on horses and men, Thursday, the 1st, being the most remarkable day I have ever experienced. The wind blew so hot that it would burn the eyes and forced the men to shelter them with their hats, hands, &amp;c. Owing to this hard trip, and that the companies have been on the move for the past month continually, I though best to let them rest for a few days, which would give us time to make up our pay-rolls, returns, &c.

There is a band of guerrillas near Dover and a small band near Lexington. Those are all the guerrillas I know of now in La Fayette County. The latest information I have from Saline is that they are getting quite numerous on the line of Cooper and Saline, but so far have committed no depredations on Union men in Saline County. I made no report last Saturday from the fact I had but little to report and nothing to report it on, being without stationery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

PAOLA, KANS., September 6, 1864.

Colonel FORD,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I have also heard rumors of a camp on Grand River, in Henry County. I have no scouts that cross east of Harrisonville, except on special occasions, as it is completely out of my range. My troops are ever more than vigilant. I will keep you informed of what I learn from time to time.

THOS. MOONLIGHT

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI.

Warrensburg, September 6, 1864.

Captain E. P. ELMER.

Commanding, Pleasant Hill:

Reliable information is received that Todd's band have broken up into parties of forty or fifty and are moving west. A band of fifty camped seven miles north of Marshal on night of 4th instant. Another band of forty passed south of Waverly on same night, going west. Look out for them.

By command of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

