
SAINT LOUIS, October 13, 1864 - 9.20 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

Fort Leavenworth:

General Rosecrans took the field last night; is at hermann to-night en route for Jefferson City. General Douglass telegraphs from Mexico (date 6.15 to-day) that Shelby is in Howard and Randolph Counties with from 3,000 to 5,000 men; that he is yet in possession of North Missouri Railroad, but don't know how long he shall be ale to hold it. Allen is threatened to-day. Colonel Phelps telegraphs from Springfield to-day, 1 p. m.: "No enemy approaching us from any direction." Colonel Harding, from Saint Joseph, telegraphs at 4 p. m. to-day he had received a dispatch from Winthrop, Mo.: "Rebels are moving on Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, 2,500 strong." Thinks it reliable. General Pleasonton, from Jefferson City, 7.30 last night, says: "General Sanborn this morning six miles from Boonville. The enemy was found in large force last night, 11th instant, on Georgetown and Boonville road, and resisted his advance also on the Tipton and Boonville road. A scout this evening reports Price's wagon train on the Lexington road, west of the La Mine River. Everything looks better for a fight if Price will stand. Sanborn says he is receiving re-enforcements rapidly."

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, October 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

Report says Price is advancing on Kansas City, and Independence evacuated and bridges burned between Kansas City and Independence. Have you any reliable information?

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 13, 1864.

Governor T. CARNEY, Leavenworth:

Have you any 6-pounder canister with your artillery? If, so, I want to send six boxes to Olathe. No news from Independence since 2 o'clock this morning.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYANDOTTE, October 13, 1864.

Colonel STARK:

There is said to be a report at Leavenworth City about Stand Watie and 6,000 Indians near Humboldt. Please inquire particularly about this and telegraph me.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel STARK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Three columns, commanded by Jackman, Kennedy, and Shelby, the whole under Marmaduke, have crossed the Missouri at different points,

