
FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., October 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

John W. Price, of Weston, writes:

Thornton and Thrailkill passed through Clay County Monday last en route for Platte and Buchanan Counties. There is no doubt of this. Their force not known. Great excitement at Weston. Every one up in arms.

JOHN WILLANS.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, October 13, 1864.

General CURTIS:

It is reported at Leavenworth City that a sergeant of U. S. troops passed through Ottawa this a. m. with dispatch for you, saying that Stand Watie, with 6,000 Indians, was within thirty miles of Humboldt and had burned Osage Mission.

G. S. SMITH,

Adjutant Kansas State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Wyandotte, October 13, 1864.

G. S. SMITH,

Adjutant Kansas State Militia, Leavenworth:

This report about Stand Watie is undoubtedly a roorback. If true, it would come to me by telegraph and not by a sergeant.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, October 13, 1864 - 1.30 a. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have telegraphed Colonel Jennison to move with troops from Mound City and Fort Scott immediately, also to bring 1,000 stand of arms. Many of the militia are not supplied. I will move with what force I can take from here without delay to join Colonels Moonlight and Ford. Will keep you advised of movements and strength of command as far as possible.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PAOLA, October 13, 1864 - 8 a. m.

General CURTIS:

The command here has moved in direction of Aubrey. McLain's battery and 740 mounted militia shall follow them in half an hour. Will move as rapidly as possible until I form a junction with Colonel Moonlight. Have directed Colonel Jennison to send forward militia in detachments as fast as collected, and that he would receive orders at this point. The dismounted militia here are left to do garrison duty and work on fortifications; many of them are poorly armed and some not armed at all. I hope to have arms here from Fort Leavenworth by to-morrow morning. Those that have left here this morning have not sufficient ammunition. Has there been any provision made to supply them? Their arms are muskets of different caliber. Have you any

