
definite knowledge relative to Rosecrans' force in price's rear? Have you anything to communicate to me before I leave? I will wait half hour for an answer.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

OLATHE, KANS., October 13, 1864.

General BLUNT:

Nothing special. Go ahead; draw arms for militia at Fort Scott. I will have ammunition at Wynadotte for troops in that region. I leave in thirty minutes. All troops move in the direction of Kansas City.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR AUBREY, October 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I arrived here at 3 this p. m. Have the following troops: 900 Eleventh Kansas and four howitzers, 740 mounted militia, First Colorado Battery, five Parrott guns and one mountain howitzer. The militia are very short of ammunition; 30,000 rounds of equal propositions of .54, .58 and .69 should be forwarded at once from Wynadotte. Cannot be procured at Wyandotte, and the ammunition forwarded to reach here early to-morrow morning? Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt left Mound City this morning with 200 volunteer cavalry and 500 mounted militia; is probably in Paola at this time waiting orders. Colonel Jennison with the force at Fort Scott will probably reach Paola by to-morrow morning. If your have given Colonel Jennison no order, and nothing new is developed in our front, I would suggest that Colonel Jennison be sent with all his force to Coldwater Grove. He will then be in position to cover Paola and move north or south as may be required. I have directed Captain Pearce, at Coldwater Grove, to send scouts sixty miles east. Am in communication with Colonel Ford at Hickman Mills. I will leave there about midnight, via Little Santa Fe, for Hickman Mills. The ammunition should be sent to Little Santa Fe to meet me there in the morning. Please communicate to me what your wishes are, especially in regard to Colonel Jennison's movements.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

P. S.- My present camp, two miles north of Aubrey, at the crossing of the Little Blue.

J. G. B.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Wynadotte, Kans., October 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. BLUNT,

Commanding in the Field, Hickman Mills:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you, in reply to yours of this date, received this moment, by special messenger, that he cannot send you any ammunition to-night. A large amount is on the way, however, which he hopes will reach you in

