
time. The general does not intend to allow the enemy to get between his forces. He therefore desires to hold the timber of the Kansas River. General Rosecrans has taken the field; is at Hermann, en route to Jefferson City. Shelby is reported in Howard and Randolph Counties, with 3,000 to 5,000 men, in possession of the North Missouri Railroad. Independence has been evacuated by Ford; force falling back on Kansas City. Special messenger arrived this evening from Ford at Hickman Mills. Moonlight reports from Oxford alone to-day. General Deitzler is at Shawnee, where militia are concentrating. Colonel Jennison reports from Paola 250 cavalry and 500 militia. He has been ordered to send forward all the troops as fast as possible and join you at Hickman Mills.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SCOTT, October 13, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

The stores have started from the Leavenworth Arsenal with instructions to reach paola to night; 1,000 stand of arms, accounterments and cartridges to suit.

G. J. CLARK,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Paola, October 13, 1864.

GENERAL: Considering you would probably wish to intercept this train I thought best to forward this dispatch.

S. A. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PAOLA, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON, Mound City:

Command here has left for Aubrey. I shall follow in half an hour. You will send forward militia in detachments as fast as collected. Move from Mound City as soon as ready without waiting for the troops from Fort Scott. It is important that the arms be forwarded as speedily as possible; they should be here by to-morrow morning, When I leave here you will received orders direct from General Curtis. Telegraph to me immediately what progress you are making in moving your command and what is its strength.

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PAOLA, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON, Mound City:

Price's advance reported now fighting at Independence. Railroad bridge between Independence and Kansas City burned. Operator taking his instructions to leave. Send messengers into the interior to hurry up the militia, and as fast as they come in hurry them forward to this point by forces marches.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

(Same to Colonel C. W. Blair.)

