
PAOLA, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Mound City:

You will move immediately with all the mounted men of your command, also all field artillery. Move by forces marches to this point, when you will received further orders. Leave a garrison at Fort Scott, 800 or 1,000 men. Those should be infantry, and composed of such as are least calculated for field duty, and should include the blacks and employe. Taken with you days' rations, but no more camp equipage than is absolutely necessary - the purpose is to move light and rapidly. You will bring with you from the ordnance depot at Fort Scott 1,000 stand of arms and 100 rounds of ammunition for each. The arms will be turned over to Major Ransom at this place. I have telegraphed Captain Clark, ordnance, officer, upon the subject. If you have not sufficient Government transportation press private teams. leave about 200 men at Mound City. These should be militia and such as are dismounted and incapable if fatiguing marches. This order to move applies to militia as well as regular troops, and you will direct the or movements. Telegraph me when you will be able to start and the strength of your command.

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

MOUND CITY, October 13, 1864.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON:

Colonel Hoyt started with 500 militia and 200 volunteer cavalry and one howitzer. As soon as I get my whole command en route I will start in person.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

PAOLA, October 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding:

I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with 250 cavalry and 500 militia and one howitzer. Fort Scott forces left that place at 12 o'clock. Should arrive by to-morrow evening. Await further instructions.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, near Wyandotte, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Paola, Kans.:

Your attention is called to General Curtis' order to you, telegraphed by me a few minutes ago.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

