
PAOLA, October 13, 1864.

Major C. S. CARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received no orders from General Curtis; when I do they shall be obeyed promptly, as per instructions from Major-General Blunt, commanding District of South Kansas. Until such time I shall remain at this post awaiting orders.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Troops.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Wyandotte, Kans., October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Paola:

I have telegraphed you General Curtis' order this evening, which I now repeat, as follows:

The troops must come forward as fast as they can, day and night, without breaking down. General Blunt is at Hickman Mills. General Deitzler is at Shawneeton. You should join General Blunt.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Mound City, October 13, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

You will move on this place at once with every available mounted man under your command, including State militia. The stragglers will be left at Fort Scott. You will take six days' rations for your command. You will leave 800 men at Fort Scott, including every citizen in the place and the stragglers who are dismounted. No tents or baggage of any kind will be taken except the rations and the amount of camp kettles and mess pans and one blanket for each man. If you have not sufficient transportation seize all the citizens' teams you require. Report by telegraph the strength of your command and how soon you will be here. Take all the howitzers and the section of battery under Lieutenant Knowles.

By order of Colonel Jennison:

JOS. MACKLE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUND CITY, October 13, 1864.

Colonel BLAIR:

As fast as your companies are ready to march send them on to this place and direct them to wait at this point for the command.

C. R. JENNISON,

Colonel.

OXFORD, October 13, 1864.

General BLUNT:

I arrived at Aubrey last evening. My entire command is now there. I communicated with Colonel Ford last night and agreed to meet him

