
here this morning. We have met. He movements to-morrow in the direction of Lexington to feel the enemy. His forced abandoned Independence last night; fell back to Kansas City. I send two companies here to-night to support Hickman Mills. Am scouting far and wide. I will be in Aubrey in two hours. General Curtis will be in Shawnee Mission to-night. I communicate with him from here.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Wyandotte, October 13, 1864.

Colonel F. M. TRACY,

Atchison, Kans.:

Bring your men here as rapidly as possible by land; river not safe.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-general.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Hickman Mills, Mo., October 13, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding that I send Major Smith with Company B to Independence, he starting immediately after sunrise. He reached Independence 9.30 a. m.; found the town deserted and the rebels expected every minute. He learned from a rebel lady that Colonel Page took Lexington night before last with 1,200 men, and that he was to be in town by 5 a. m. to-day. Major Smith's men, while watering horses, saw three different parties, who fled immediately upon seeing Smith;s men. He (Major Smith) staid in town until the enemy were less than a mile away. They appeared to be coming fast, raising a great dust. Major Smith was only one hour and twenty-seven minutes coming back. I had an interview with Colonel Moonlight this morning at Oxford and he remains at Aubrey, thus being too far south to be of any service to me, but, in accordance with orders from Major-General Blunt, he sends two companies to Oxford.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Hickman Mills, October 13, 1864.

Major JESSE L. PRITCHARD,

Commanding at Kansas City, Mo.:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs me to give you the following information: Major Smith left there with Company B to go to Independence. He reached there 9.30 a. m.; found the place deserted. His men saw the enemy's scouts in three different directions, who, however, ran back as soon as they saw our men. He learned from a rebel

54 R R - VOL XLI, PT III

