
to me that they did not apprehend danger after having reached that locality. You will please bear in mind that the escort and train last year for the reservation did not leave the Minnesota settlements until 15th of November, being a full month later than the probable departure this year. The contractors confidently expect to make the trip over and back in little more than thirty days, the train of supplies last summer having reached the Indian agency in eighteen days from the time to leaving Mankato. I trust the considerations presented will satisfy you of the propriety of the course I have taken in ordering the escort.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., October 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PFAENDER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th instant. The brigadier-general commanding is desires that Companies F and G, First U. S. Volunteers, be stationed at posts in the vicinity of Fort Ridgely, so that they may be concentrated at your post in the space of a day or two should it become necessary to do so. They can thus be kept well in hand, which it would be more difficult to do were they stationed at remote posts. You will be written to in a few days in regard to the detachment at the coal mines. Final instructions will then be sent you. The chief quartermaster of the district has been directed to send ten of the most serviceable teams accompanying the returning expedition to Fort Ridgely for service along the line of posts.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 14, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Sheridan expected to be at Rectortown to-day. I requested him to come here immediately by rail to confer with him in respect to Missouri, and will let you know when he arrives. I expect to make you and am only awaiting Sheridan's arrival.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., October 14, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War Washington:

I am very glad you have determined to make me a visit here. * * *

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

