
WASHINGTON, October 14, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have just learned, from Colonel Cummings, who left Little Rock September 23, that General J. J. Reynolds left his troops in garrison on White River, and started down the Mississippi to rejoin General Canby on September 21; that Magruder's forces from Texas were at Camden and Monticello, threatening Pine Bluff and Little Rock; that General Steele did not expect to send any of his troops north after Price, as to do so he would expose the whole line of Arkansas to Magruder's army. Colonel Cummings does to seem to know whether or not General Reynolds expected to return with more troops. How far these statements can be relied on I do not know. I hardly think General Steele would state his plans to a line officer so freely. Rosecrans' telegram is all I have from Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., October 14, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Mil. Div. of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 14th day of October, 1864, from the following source: The statement of Asst. Surg. F. J. Potts, Twenty-sixth Texas Cavalry, New Orleans, La., October 14. The organization of the Cavalry Corps, commanded by General Wharton, is given as follows:

Bagby's division -Debray's brigade, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-second, and Twenty-third Texas, 1,000; Terrell's brigade, Thirty-fourth, First and -Texas, 1,200; Vincent's brigade, Second and Fourth Cavalry, and Eighteen Infantry, 8,00; total of Bagby's division, 3,000. Major's division consists of Hardeman's brigade -'s brigade, seven regiment and one battalion, in all averaging 350 each, and three batteries of four guns each, 2,800, 12 guns. Green's division consists of Parsons's brigade, -'s brigade, estimated strength, 2,100; there are six light batteries in the corps; total of the corps, 7,900; 24 guns.

Bagby's division holds the line of the Atchafalaya, with headquarters at Alexandria. Major's and Parson's divisions have been sent to General Magruder in Arkansas. A brigade of infantry composed of three regiments of prisoners paroled at Vicksburg is stationed at Cheneyville under General Thomas; they number about 1,200. There are also eight guns at Cheneyville, West's battery and McMahan's battery. These troops act as a support to Bagby's division in case they are attacked. The total of all the forces in the Red River country, including detachments, is 5,350 men of all arms. Surgeon Potts contradicts the report of gun-boats building at Alexandria.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding.

