HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., October 14, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE, Little Rock, Ark.:

Major-General Reynolds goes up to-day and will command the troops of his own corps and those sent from Vicksburg. Transportation for White River has been ordered from Memphis and will probably meet the troops from Morganza at the mouth of that river. Send your instructions to him at Devall's Bluff and duplicates. He will have a cipher clerk (Numbers 1 cipher). With the force at your disposal, Price should not be allowed to escape.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, October 14, 1864-12 m.

Major General F. STEELE, Little Rock:

A scout who has just been on the south side of the Arkansas River reports that Magruder's command is about moving back to Red River, and that their late threatening was to cover the withdrawal of their stores. The rebels have heard that you proposed making a raid in their rear.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, October 14, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER, Little Rock:

I sent a scout of 110 men to the mouth of Cache River yesterday to surprise and capture, if possible, the guerrillas who fired on steamer Resolute. It resulted only in finding the trail of what appeared to be a small party. I went myself below Clarendon. A scout who has been on the south side of the Arkansas reports that Magruder's command is returning to Red River. A few bushwhackers still lurk about Bayou Metoe for the purpose of stealing horses.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

A scout of 433 men of the Third Michigan left Brownsville on the 10th instant for Arkansas Post. Send messenger to Colonel Erskine if you think there is any danger of collision. You should have given earlier notice to these headquarters of your intention to send out this scout.

By order of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., October 14, 1864-1 p. m.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It will be too late for me to communicate with Colonel Erskine. I regret that there is a possibility of a collision. We have been in the

