
VICKSBURG, October 14, 1864.

[General N. J. T. DANA:]

GENERAL: I send the inclosed. I took them to-day. I expect information to-morrow from Jackson.

Respectfully,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Statement of G. B. Booth of Houston, Tex.

Came by way of Alexandria, Tex. Walker in command at Houston. Refused him pass at Alexandria, but came on hand saw no pickets. Says cavalry all gone to Kirby Smith. Bucker in command at Alexandria, and is mounting ten 32-pounder guns at that point, which has a garrison of about 500 men. At Harrisburg found no commanding officer and only a very few pickets.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Report of the refuges John Owen and Daniel Haniphan, from Meridian, Miss., and formerly employed on the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad.

Left Meridian Tuesday morning on railroad; came from Jackson on foot. Came via Back River bridge. Swan the river; saw no scouts of the enemy this side Jackson. General F. Gardner in command at Jackson; one regiment at Meridian. Adam's cavalry brigade at Jackson. General rebel hospital at Lauderdale, Miss., twenty miles north of Meridian, has now from 3,000 to 5,000 patients. Large commissary at Meridian. Rebel railroad shop at Whistler, Ala. Rebs sending about eighteen cars per day from the north to Montgomery and Mobile. About one-half this corn is in the shuck and one-half in bags. Sent two brigades from Mobile last week to Huntsville, Ala., by way of Corinth. General Dick Taylor gone to Mobile; Gholson with Forrest. Prices at Meridian, bacon $3 per pound, flour $1 per pound. Machinery of railroad would not last more than one year.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Statement of John Owen, refugee.

I have been employed on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad for some five years. I left the road at Meridian on the 27th September and came by rail to Jackson and thence on foot to Vicksburg. Arrived at Vicksburg October 14. When I left Meridian there was about one regiment of infantry there. Did not see any troops between Meridian and Jackson. At Jackson I think there is a brigade of Adams' cavalry. There are very few troops along the line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Did not see any troops between Jackson and Vicksburg, nor any scouts. While I was at Jackson a part of Adams' command left there for the neighborhood of Woodville; do not know how many.

JOHN OWEN.

I corroborate the statement.

DANL. HANIPHAN.

