
NEW ORLEANS, October 14, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Your dispatch of the 7th received. I have late and reliable news from rebel sources. The rebel leaders in the Trans-Mississippi Department expect Price to be soon driven out of Missouri, and that he will strike at Devall's Bluff on his return. General Magruder is expected to attack Steele's into to favor Price's movements or to cover his retreat. All the infantry that could be spared, except Taylor's old division, of about 6,000 men, has been send to General Magruder. I have sent 3,000 more troops from Morganza and 2,000 from Vicksburg to Steele, to be commanded, together with those already sent, by Major General J. J. Reynolds. General Rosecrans is advised of these movements and has been directed when Price is driven out of Missouri to pursue him as far as his troops will follow. Should Price attempt to return by the same route General Steele has a sufficient force to protect the line of the Arkansas River and cut him off. My impression is that Price will endeavor to return through Southwestern Missouri and the Indian country.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 14, 1864-7.33 p. m.

Captain FRANK ENO:

Announce Colonel Darr as acting provost-marshal-general of the department. Send all our letters daily.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 14, 1864-10 a. m.*

Major-General CURTIS,

Leavenworth:

Our cavalry is pursuing the enemy northwest of Georgetown, who is reported moving toward Lexington. We shall occupy Sedalia with infantry to-morrow night. If you could move by Hickman Bridge to Pleasant Hill or by Independence to Lone Jack, it would greatly increase our chances of damaging Price, whose column is of such length when on one road as to be very vulnerable. If he does not half he will reach Lexington to-morrow night.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR WYANDOTTE, October 14, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Hermann:

Have my forces closing up. My advance posts again at Independence and Pleasant Hill. Scouts to-day found only small parties that ran back to Lexington, followed by men within fifteen miles of Lexington. Three rebels less; our loss nothing. Keep me posted.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

* For this dispatch as quoted by Curtis, see Part I, p. 473.

