
tion. On the 6th there was a meeting called to take an expression of the public feeling with regard to driving peaceable citizens from our midst. Captain Gantt was present, but from him we could gain no assurance that those persons who had been ordered to leave would be protected, and I do not think the company can be depended upon, and even expressed themselves opposed to arming these men for self-defense. Two families leave in the morning and others will leave at once if protection is not afforded. I have consulted Colonel Fox, but he cannot attend to raising a company under Order 107. Under these circumstances, I see no alternative but to rely on you for assistance, and assistance should be rendered without delay to produce the desired result. The number ordered to leave White Cloud district is about seventeen, all of whom have families except three.
Yours, respectfully,

JAMES A. FORREST.

WARRENSBURG, September 6, 1864.

Major-General SYKES, Paola:

The guerrillas have been pursued through the Snibar Hills the past week. There are not many of them. No concentration, in fact, has yet been made.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS. Numbers 27. Paola, September 6, 1864.

* * * *

IV. The district commander is satisfied that on the border and in the loyal Indian Territory disreputable persons have organized a system of plunder which in the end bids fair to leave that Territory destitute, and possibly to inaugurate a border war. In following their trade these persons have not hesitated to tamper with the troops, and the general regrets to add that in some instances they have been successful. No permits which may have been given by officers in this district for the purposes of trade in the region of country named will be respected, none in future will be issued, and any stock procured by such authority will be seized and held by the officer within the limits of whose command it may be found. The facts will then be made known to these headquarters.

V. The major-general commanding desires to bring to the notice of officers of all grades the frequent complaints made against the conduct of the troops. It is well known that repeated violations of private rights have occurred. Among the soldiers might and right seem to go together. The forces of the Government are for the protection of the inhabitants, not instruments for their spoliation and oppression. While the commanding general trusts that all under his command will aid him in every way to protect the Territory, inhabitants, and property committed to his keeping, he will not hesitate to use every effort to rid the service of unworthy subordinates and bring to justice those who reflect discredit on the uniform they wear.

By command of Major-General Sykes:

GEO. S. HAMPTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

