
of construction of block-house. After having performed one day's work Companies A and B will be relieved from manual labor and permitted to attend to their business at home, but it is expected that they will make all exertions to finish the work set apart for that day under the direction of Captain Dette, and that no necessity will arise for the commanding officer of this post to call them out again next week for this purpose. The militia organization will still be in existence, and the members of the different companies will still be liable to do duty when ordered out by the officers commanding companies.

* * *

By command of Colonel Albert Sigel:

H. W. WERTH,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, October 14, 1864.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of Captain Thomas J. Babcocke, Miller County Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, organized under General Orders, Numbers 107, with thirty men, having been absent twelve days. On the 2nd instant I sent Captain Babcocke with important dispatches to Brigadier-General McNeil. Having accomplished his duty he attempted to return, and found that the enemy were in our front and he was cut off. In attempting to pass the enemy to the west he found himself involved in the midst of their troops- raiding and scouting parties. When within a mile of General Price's line of march he captured a captain, lieutenant, and 11 privates, with their arms and horses. So adroitly was this done that not a gun was fired or any alarm made. Mounting his prisoners he moved secretly through the woods, recrossed the Osage, thence marched back as far as Vienna, and though pursued by over 200 of the enemy he eluded them, and arrived, as stated, with his command, prisoners, and horses at this post to-day. This gallant conduct of Captain Babcocke and his men has received my approval in general orders.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 14, 1864-9 p. m.

General SANBORN,

Sedalia, Mo.:

We don't want you to get between Price and Lexington, but on his flank or rear. Lexington is of minor importance. The enemy, and not the towns in Missouri, is our objective point. Have this well in mind.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Colonel Catherwood, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.)

