
MACON, October 14, 1864-9.25 p. m.

Captain F. ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

About 1,000, with the citizens. The commissary of subsistence informs me that there is about $2,500,000 worth. We have news that a considerable force is southwest of us. I have scout out to ascertain the facts. As soon as they report will telegraph you. Colonel Woodruff, at Allen, telegraphs me that from the best information he can get one of the columns spoken of by Saint Joseph is approaching this point. I have ordered him to scout the country and ascertain the facts. If anything occurs shall let you know.

W. FORBES,

Colonel Forty-second Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Camp near Wyandotte, October 14, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

You are very much mistaken if you think I had general authority to issue arms to militia, and at some favorable time I may show that your formed orders were very restrictive and your dispatch of the 12th too reproachful. I am collecting, organizing, and arming forces to confront rebels that are moving against me, and my embarrassments, duties, and exertions are sufficient for the occasion.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., October 14, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My forces are being concentrated in this vicinity. The enemy has approaches to Independence, burning bridges beyond, but he has not occupied in force. I occupy Hickman Mills, Mo., and Shawneetown Kans., with fighting force and scouts forward. Shall move slow to allow my rear to close up. Have not an operator with cipher, and therefore abstain from giving numbers and particulars. Price is reported near Lexington on Boonville, moving this way. I denominate my forces the Army of the Border, and will do all I can to make it felt by the enemy.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 14, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Kansas City:

The following this moment received from A. J. Harding, Saint Joseph:

I have information which I deem reliable that Colonel Harding, Major Curtis, and command reached Jefferson City last Monday all right.

JOHN WILLIANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

