
tant that the ammunition be sent to me as soon as possible if not already sent. Forward twenty rounds of caliber .54; the balance .58 and .69. Have considerable trouble in getting the militia in fighting trim. Brigadier-General Fishback is just as good as a wooden man.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

East of Kansas City, October 14, 1864.

General BLUNT:

Cartridge have started down from Fort Leavenworth and ought to be down at Wyandotte soon. I hope Jennison will reach you to-night.

I have given orders for everything to move forward. The Blue is evidently a good line of occupation. Think I will occupy the ford on Independence road to-day. This place is hard to take if people take position. It is rough topography, but the field is so large it would require a large force to occupy all the lines. I want maps of localities, rough and general. Keep me posted. I think you might have companies stationed through from your position down the Turkey to Deitzler's position. I have directed him to occupy the crossing of the Turkey on the Shawnee road. Somebody ought to occupy the crossing of that stream on the Westport road. All we know of the enemy is that Price is near Boonville or Lexington. He has sent Marmaduke with three columns into North Missouri, probably destroying railroads to-day. Our troops have approached near to Boonville, on the east. Pleasonton commands the advance, but Rosecrans is in the field. Get everything ready as fast as you can. Ammunition and provisions are the main trouble. Patience and kindness must be the treatment toward volunteers.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Hickman Mills, October 14, 1864-12 m.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to report that I have directed Colonel Ford to make his headquarters at Independence, keeping an outposts of at least three squadrons at Pleasant Hill. This will leave him five squadrons at Independence and four squadrons at Kansas City. Colonel Ford is directed to keep open telegraphic communication between Kansas City and Pleasant Hill, to scout well in an easterly direction, and report all information concerning the movements of the enemy directly to headquarters Department of Kansas by telegraph. I have heard nothing from Colonel Jennison since I left Paola except through you this morning. Major Smith, of Second Colorado, was at Independence this morning. There had ben no rebel force there since the evacuation of the place by Captain Moses, except about thirty bushwhackers. I will keep you posted in everything I learn of interest.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

