HEADQUARTERS FOR LARNED, KANS.,September 6, 1864.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that during the past week no reports have reached these headquarters relative to Indian depredations or to hostile Indians having been seen in this locality. One scouting party sent from this post reports having seen quite a large trail, as of Indians traveling north. The trail was about sixty miles west of this post. Lieutenant Murrell, First Cavalry of Colorado, has just returned with fifty men from a scout up the Pawnee Fork, in a northwesterly direction, thirty miles thence northerly crossing Walnut Creek, to the Smoky Hill, down the Smoky Hill, and southerly again, striking Walnut Creek near its mouth, and scouting up and down the Smoky Hill and Walnut Creek. Two recent Indian signs were discovered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis,. September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you join the company of Connecticut cavalry under your command with the companies of the First U. S. Volunteers, sent you to-day. You can attach it as a cavalry company, assigning to it such officers as may be necessary to complete the organization for usefulness. Of this you must be the judge. If you have not a sufficient number of horses to mount the company in question you will be able to procure a sufficient supply on the return of Colonel Thomas to Minnesota.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient.

servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, September 6, 1864.

Major-General POPE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. In any case I have no other force than the company of Wisconsin volunteers to escort the train to Wadsworth. It can return with the other companies.

H. H. SIBLEY.

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST

Saint Paul, Minn., September 6, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that you dispatches by telegraph of 5th instant were received last evening. The orders to Colonel Thomas and Major Clowney (sealed) directed the march of the companies of Wisconsin volunteers to this point as soon as relieved. The error

