HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Camp near Wyandotte, October 14, 1864.

Major-General BLUNT:

I have examined matters around Kansas City and find things quietly progressing in the way of defense. I am told Colonel Ford has reoccupied Independence. Either he or Colonel Moonlight should be at Pleasant Hill to-night or early to-morrow morning. Guns and ammunition have arrived, and I send out ammunition assorted which some careful officers must take immediate charge of and see that every man is supplied. A mere order to get things will not do. Inspectors must go and see that the militia are supplied. I do not send arms, because I have not transportation. Perhaps the quickest way would be to send the men after them. You will have to assign officers to this duty also. Other officers must be looking after the forage and provision supplies. Division of labor is the only way to get ready to move as were should do, and as soon as I desire. Let me know that all the supplies are distributed-guns, ammunition, provisions, and a little forage. Nothing new of importance, but further reports of Price's forces having been divided, so that an entire division has got on to the north side, it is therefore the time to strike. A steady advance, too, will give us the prestige of aggressive movement and him the great apprehension of assault from unknown numbers. Unceasing toil is the order of the day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

P. S.-Colonel Ford has just arrived and informs me of all his work since I last saw him. I have modified his orders so far as to direct his force to occupy Independence and work toward Lexington, leaving the Pleasant Hill matter for Moonlight or some other good officer to take immediate charge of. My reason for this that the road from Lexington to Independence is the way rebels are likely to come, as it leads through the Sni Hills and worst part of the word. Ford, therefore, has enough on his hands without the Sedalia road, which I want you to especially look after.

Yours, truly,

S. R. C.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., October 14, 1864.-3.30 p. m.

Major-General BLUNT:

Arrived here at 2 p. m. Operator at Warrensburg says there is great excitement about Sedalia. Says the horses at Warrensburg are saddled for a move somewhere. He don't know where.

Later.-The operator at Sedalia has left. The rebels reported as having the town and fighting still going on. Reported 5,000 strong. I push for Warrensburg to-night.

Still later.-Jefferson City operator says fighting is going on at Sedalia and the operator left.

MARTIN ANDERSON,

Major, Commanding Scout.

PAOLA, October 14, 1864.

Major CHARLOT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Jennison's command left here at daylight this morning and the colonel left in person about fifteen minutes ago.

OPERATOR.

