HDQRS. FIFTH BRIGADE, KANSAS STATE MILITIA,Near Aubrey, in the Field [October 14, 1864].

Captain HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

As there is a prospect of our being brought face to face with the enemy soon, I feel compelled to call your attention to certain facts. We have not on an average over one cartridge to the man, and one or two of the companies are but little over half armed. We are anxious to participated in the defense of the State, and we should feel bitterly disappointed if from want of ammunition or from any other reason we were prevented from doing to, or if we should fail to acquit ourselves as Kansas men have ever done from want of ammunition for offensive or defensive purposes. We are expected to move at an early hour in the morning, and we are anxious to do so, but we are pound to say to you that we are uneasy in regard to the prospect of getting a supply of ammunition in time to be of use to us; and this uneasiness arises more from our anxiety to meet and assist in driving the enemy from the State than from any fear of ourselves. If not improper, permit me to ask if it is expected that we shall be brought into a fight without being first supplied with plenty of ammunition, and, if we may expect to get a supply at an early hour to-morrow? We feel that our present position is one of danger; that we are liable to be attacked and powerless to defend ourselves. There is an anxiety upon this subject which fills the entire regiment and brigade, which I trust you will allay with such assurances as you feel justified in giving.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. COLTON,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Kans. State Mil. and Actg. Commander of Brigadier

FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Camp near Wyandotte, October 14, 1864.

General DEITZLER:

Since I last wrote you our ammunition and provisions have arrived, and I have arranged to have a supply assorted so as to have every man who has a gun also have ammunition. I also have guns, and hope you will make out proper requisitions and draw. It is desirable to have them also distributed as soon as possible. Perhaps it would be best for you to have the Governor receipt for, say 1,000, and you have them placed in proper hands to carefully and promptly distribute. I have made a reconnaissance of the country about Kansas City and reoccupied Independence only, and a very few rebels came into the place after our troops evacuated. We have large amount of stores in Kansas City, and I have strengthened that place. In the meantime I want you to get ready, every way you can; put one man on the gun question, one on the cartridge question, and make them have others to help get the arms right, then put about ten good officers on the provision business to see that men have rations, say for ten days, in a movable condition, if not ten then five, if not five then five then three, so we can move quickly and rapidly. We must move forward. Price's main force can easily be scared or whipped, and we ought not to be so far away from real foes. I think the Blue must be a good line. I find there are great quantities of stores at Kansas City, and you better get provisions there as much as possible, as that is the more exposed point. I also hear that there are large quantities of public stores at Pleasant Hill. I

