
hope to get that place reoccupied. Blunt is at Hickman Mills, no doubt eager to go forward, but I want your wing ready to move also. I am camped out of town for convenience and quiet. I hear we may not be in time to help strike the final blow. Our comrades on the east side must be close on him, and Price must move soon. A movement forward by us with the demonstrations I have made to-day will give us the aspect of aggressive movement and alarm the enemy. Work, work, and keep me posted.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Wyandotte, October 14, 1864.

General G. W. DEITZLER,

Commanding at Shawnee:

GENERAL: I am glad to hear that you are comfortably located. There are provisions, arms, and ammunition coming down from Leavenworth, which ought to be here very soon. You will find three roads to this place-one by old bridge, where there are no boats, but where I think we had better have some brought to; one only should be left on the main Olathe and Leaven road; the rest should be brought down to the old bridge crossing, where we can control it; that gives us a short way. Second. There is a good road down the east bank of Turkey Creek, which should be worked. You better have an advance post at the crossing of Turkey. It may be a good brush line to occupy with your wing of the Army of the Border, your left resting on the Kaw. Third. The main best road by Kansas City. These two last roads cross the excellent pontoon bridge here, which we can hold against all Price's army. I name this road matter because if we come to blows they may be chosen as best suits safety. Price's main force must be near Boonville. A considerable portion crossed the Missouri to destroy the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad. Some force crowded on Independence, till our troops abandoned that place yesterday, and the rebels burned the railroad bridge, and probably some houses. I have re-enforced Kansas City, and that place is being fortified. I may take strong stand at that place. Have ordered maps, &amp;c. Keep me posted. Try to get a full knowledge of streams and roads and places for moving cavalry and artillery.

Respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Wyandotte, Kans., October 14, 1864.

Major-General DEITZLER,

Shawnee:

I am directed by the general commanding to say to you, in addition to his letter to you of this date, that owing to the scarcity of transportation, you must send for the guns which you draw. You may have to press teams. The general is desirous of the most prompt measures to arm your men.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

