
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 14, 1864.

Major HILLIARD,

Weston:

The matter seems settled that Marmaduke with about 3,500 is north of the Missouri, somewhere between Macon City, Jefferson City, and Lexington. Price, with his train and balance of force, is somewhere between Lexington, Boonville, and Sedalia. This is all.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., October 14, 1864.

Major C. S. CHARLOT:

For the information of the general commanding I have the honor to report that, in pursuance to Special October, Numbers 215, headquarters Department of Kansas, dated October 10, 1864, I left Fort Leavenworth and arrived at this post, and, being the senior officer present for duty in the district, assumed command of the same, as per my General Orders, Numbers 1, a copy of which is forwarded herewith. I found that Captain Hinton and Lieutenant Tappan had left the day before and had packed all books, papers, and other property belonging to district headquarters, and loaded the same in wagons for transportation to Olathe. Believing that such action was contrary to the wishes of the general commanding, I took the responsibility to retain such of the records of the office as were in the wagons, and re-establish the district headquarters. I found that there was immediate need for action, as Captain Dodge had not left, and on my inquiring as to the reason said that he had been engaged in getting ready as fast as possible after the receipt of the order, being delayed by the condition of his battery, General Blunt having taken horses and harness from it to equip mountain howitzers, in charge of Lieutenant Edington, who had been left at Fort Zarah. I ordered him to start immediately with as much of his battery as he could transport, and also ordered Lieutenant McClure, acting assistant quartermaster, to furnish two six-mule teams to transport his battery wagon and water-tank as far as Olathe, as I deemed it absolutely necessary for the efficiency of the battery that the battery wagon and tank should accompany it. A copy of Captain Dodge's letter* and my order* are respectfully forwarded. I also found considerable excitement in regard to exempting persons employed in furnishing supplies to Government from the call of the militia. Most of the militia in the counties in this vicinity are engaged in some way in furnishing supplies, either in Government employ direct or as contractors, and contractor' employes, and steps were being taken to exempt some of them on that account, and the report of such intended action created such feeling that the militia officers found that it would be impossible to get any to go. Being informed that the same militia- being from Riley and Pottawatomie Counties- had proven insubordinate and fault-finding while out with the general commanding on his trip of the plains, I determined to give them no cause of complaint, and shall try and get along during the emergency so that the interests of Government shall not suffer. I also forward a copy of letter* from Lieutenant McClure, and my indorsement on the same subject, and hope

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

