HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, October 14, 1864.

BEN. HOLLIDAY,

Salt Lake City:

Line will be protected between here and Julesburg. Am ready to extend my lines farther. Had fight and killed 12 near Valley Station. Our boys are awake.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 14, 1864.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

At Maxwell's, on the Cimarron, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I have arrived your letter of the 110th instant in relation to the Utes and Apaches. You will issue to the men of those tribes who will be sure to go one and a quarter pounds of beef and one pound of breadstuffs per man each day and the necessary amount of salt. You will send to Fort Union for the salt and get the meat and breadstuffs from Mr. Maxwell. Captain Bell will write to you on the subject. The amount of issues must not exceed the number of your party. Send me an exact list of the number who will be sure to go. As soon as I get off the Arizona mail and make arrangements for Thompson's company and a train of supplies which are to go to Fort Whipple, I will commence the organization of your party. General Crocker writes that some Apaches from the Bosque will go. They are the best fighting Indians we have. It is possible you will not be able to get off quite so soon as we talked, as I may have to wait for Bergmann to come back. But this I shall know in two or three days and will write you by mail. The guns, ammunition, and blankets and shirts will be sent to you. At Taos we agreed on 200 men and 100 Indians as the strength of the party. You now say 300 men. These I will try to raise, but the Apaches from Fort Summer will have to be included. I will write by mail. Give me positive information of the number of Indians who will go. I believe you will have big luck.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General MARCELLUS M. CROCKER,

Commanding Fort Summer, N. Mex.;

GENERAL: Please send me by express an exact return, company by company, of every effective man you have who can at once take the field in an expedition against the Kiowas and Comanches, which expedition, will be commanded by Colonel Carson. A part of Colonel Carson's force must be drawn from your command, and it is necessary for me to know at once all you have of infantry and cavalry, that I may select that part. State precisely the number of serviceable horses in each mounted company. See the Apaches and ascertain precisely

