
how many will go under, say, Lieutenant Newbold. Each one shall have a blanket and a shirt given to him, and shall have a rifle and ammunition (which are to burned in on their return), and shall have all the booty they can capture. The expedition will doubtless move down Red River, and the troops and Indians from Fort Summer will doubtless be ordered across to Fort Bascom, where the expedition will be fully organized. Captain McCabe is ordered to return to his post. Please have all your men and your means of transportation put in readiness, for immediate field service. Report the number of mules, pack-saddles, wagons, &amp;c., you have, and have all of the wagons, pack-saddles, harness, &c., overhauled and repaired. Have your mules and horses all shod so that the day the order comes to the troops may move if necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: Captain James Matthews, provost-marshal Fourth District of Iowa, reports to me that two of his officers while on duty in Poweshiek County, Iowa, were murdered by a gang of outlaws on Saturday, the 1st instant. The names of the murdered officers are John L. Bashore, an assistant provost-marshal, and Josiah M. Woodruff, special agent. These officers had been detailed to arrest certain deserters from the draft in that county, and were waylaid and shot without any pretense or provocation except the lawful discharge of their duty. The outlaws engaged in the affair about twelve in number, seven of whom have been arrested and lodged in jail at Oskaloosa. I have laid these facts before the Secretary of War, and he instructed me to furnish you with the information for your action, should the same be necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, October 15, 1864.

[General E. R. S. CANBY:]

MY DEAR SIR: I have had two interviews with the Secretary of War upon the subject of forces in the Southwest, and have impressed, as far as I was able, the necessities of the situation upon the President and other members of his Cabinet besides Mr. Stanton. They are all anxious to re-enforce the army of the Mississippi Valley. Mr. Stanton said it should be done without delay as soon as the draft would allow it, which is progressing satisfactory to the Government. He thinks in thirty or forty days a considerable force can be sent out. Presidential interests absorb at present the attention of everybody. The Army of the Potomac is in fine condition, and important movements are expected to take place in a few days. General Grant was in Washington while I was there. He is in fine health and spirits.

Very truly, yours, &c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

