
occurred in my dispatch to you of 2nd instant, which I wrote, having before my mind the previous orders from you that these companies would march overland to the Missouri. The company of Wisconsin volunteers from Fort Ridgely had to be dispatched as escort to the large and valuable train of public stores destined for Fort Wadsworth, as I had no other disposable the train, that Company G shall return if peradventure, it should meet the other companies of Wisconsin volunteers on their way down, which is however, not at all probable as nothing had been heard at Wadsworth from Thomas' command as late as 25th ultimo. It would not have been necessary to detail Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers for the escort duty referred to if the cavalry force escorting Fisk's train to the Missouri had not been unaccountably delayed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., September 6, 1864.

Major JOHN CLOWNEY,

Commanding Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers:

MAJOR: Should you be on your way down with the other companies of your battalion before the train reaches Fort Wadsworth in accordance with sealed orders addressed to Colonel Thomas, you will cause Company G, Thirtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, to be relieved of the escort duty by other troops, that it may return with your command to Fort Ridgely en route to this city or Fort Snelling. Should, however, there not be a sufficiently of other disposable force, enough men must guard the train to Fort Wadsworth to secure its safety and return with it without delay to Fort Ridgely in order to rejoin you as soon as practicable. Its highly desirable that the command of four companies should not be separated if it can be avoided with a due regard to the public interests.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 7, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Stop General A. J. Smith at Cairo until General Sherman can be telegraphed to know if he still wants him. If he does not he can be thrown into Missouri to head off Price.

U. S. GRANT.

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Memphis, Tenn., September 7, 1864

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed from Brigadier General C. C. Andrews, commanding at Devall's Bluff. General Mower had not then

