
officers no tests will be required except that of qualifications. The troops to be raised under this authority will not be credited to any State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,New Orleans, October 15, 1864.

Colonel C. W. KILLBORN,

First New Orleans Volunteers:

Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to give you the following additional instructions: He is informed by General Canby that there is an organization getting up along the lake shore for a regiment for the Union Army. Should, therefore, your expedition or any part of it meet with any of these men, they will be brought to New Orleans in your boats if they desire to come; but you should be well satisfied that they are what they represent themselves to be.

I am, sir, respectfully,

FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWLER:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold the Second Brigade of Third Division, the remainder Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry, and First Texas and First Louisiana Cavalry in readiness to move. The artillery is supposed to be ready at any time

S. C. FARRINGTON,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General DENNIS,

Commander at mouth of White River:

I wish to get all the force together possible to meet Price on his return from Missouri. Please move your entire force to Devall's Bluff. Take advantage of every boat to send a detachment until you get them all up. Bring all the transportation you have. The shelter-tents, &amp;c., belonging to Jones' brigade should also be brought up.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 15, 1864.

I have ordered General Dennis to move the rest of his command to Devall's Bluff, preparatory to meeting Price on his return from Missouri. Colonel Jones should send for his shelter-tents, and any transportation he may have at the mouth of White River. There is a rebel report here that a cavalry raid has been made to Tyler, Tex., from Morganza, and all the our prisoner released.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

56 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

