SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Vicksburg, Miss., October 15, 1864.

I. Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of West Tennessee, will immediately relieve from duty at Memphis Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, Sixteenth Corps and order him forthwith to report in person at these headquarters, with all the books, records, clerks, and property thereof. He will also relieve from duty Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith and all general staff officers belonging to the headquarters of the Sixteenth Corps who are now within the District of West Tennessee, and will order them to report in person at these headquarters.

N. J. T. DANA,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., October 15, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of the 5th was received last evening. I am very much gratified to learn of General Ewing's safety, and desire that you may convey to him my congratulations. I hope that the arrangements made for the pursuit of the raiders will effectually prevent Price's escape. Please keep me constantly advised of the safe of affairs and send your dispatches to care of the naval commander at the mouth of the White River, duplicates to be transmitted direct to these headquarters.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Independence, October 15, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Mr. Borman, of the stage, company, left Lexington 4 p. m. yesterday. Captain Rathbun, of Price's army, entered Lexington yesterday with squads of rebels; about 100 had arrived. Price is reported still at Boonville. Another report is that Price is already moving south, but they declare their purpose to stay in Missouri. They also speak of a force having gone north of river.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HICKMAN MILLS, October 15, 1864-7 p. m.

General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Dispatch just received from Pleasant Hill states telegraph operator just left Sedalia. Fighting going on with about 5,000 rebels to-day.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

(Copies to Brigadier-General Davies, Fort Leavenworth; Brigadier-General Craig, Saint Joseph.)

