
JEFFERSON CITY, October 15, 1864-1.40 a. m.

Captain FRANK ENO:

The most of Price's force is on this side of the river, beyond the La Mine, marching toward Lexington. There may be a small command of, say, 1,000 men under Clark and some under Bill Anderson, on the north side of the river, going west, but the troops over there know how to fight and whip them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 196. Saint Louis, Mo., October 15, 1864.

With profound sorrow the commanding general announces the death of Colonel John P. Sanderson, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, late provost-marshal-general of the department, who expired in this city on the 14th instant. A true and earnest patriot, an energetic and capable officer, Colonel Sanderson brought to the discharge of his duties as provost-marshal-general rare experience, sound judgment, incorruptible integrity, and untiring devotion to duty. Borne down by excessive labor he falls in the cause of his country, a victim worthy of the cause, and leaves a name to his children of which they may feel proud. Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding Saint Louis District, will see that the remains of the deceased are escorted to the depot with the military honors due to his rank. Lieutenant Frank E. Brownell, U. S. Army, assistant-provost-marshal-general, will accompany the remains to Springfield Ohio. As a mark of respect the officers of the department staff will, when in full uniform, wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 15, 1864-4 p. m.

General EWING, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Furnish Colonel Myers, assistant quartermaster, such escort as he may require for stores to Rolla. Troops at Franklin may spare an escort.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 15, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Give General Pike such assistance as he may require to arrest deserters from his division who are now in Saint Louis.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General PIKE, Washington, Mo.:

General Ewing has been ordered to assist you in arresting deserters from your command. Send to him full and complete list. You need not fortify Washington at present.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

