SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 217. Saint Louis, MO., October 15, 1864.

* * *

4. Battery I, Second Missouri Artillery, will proceed at 6 a. m. to-morrow, the 16th instant, by turnpike, to Washington, Mo., and report to Brigadier General E. C. Pike, commanding First Division, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

5. Colonel J. H. Baker, commanding post, in addition to his present duties, will relieve Colonel Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, in the command of the First Sub-District.

* * *

9. Lieutenant-Colonel Hequembourg will proceed with the detachments of the Fortieth Missouri Infantry and Eighteenth U. S. Colored Volunteers up the North Missouri Railroad and endeavor to keep the road open and telegraph line up as far as Mexico, and re-enforce the garrison there if deemed advisable Commanding officers and railroad and telegraph officers at Saint Charles and elsewhere along the line will furnish him all required practicable aid.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Dick Berryman, Hildebrand, and other leaders are on Saint Francis River with a variously estimated force, I think 300, but increasing in strength by recruiting parties coming in. I intended to finish the telegraph line to Fredericktown to-day, but can't do it and look after the rebels too. What are the troops doing at Cape Girardeau? What has become of General McCormick?

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 15, 1864.

General EWING:

The iron-works are not in the least danger of destruction. Captain Russell was at Potosi and Caledonia yesterday. No rebels in that direction of any account, and I would suggest that Lieutenant Fessler, with his men and men belonging to Captain Dinger's company, and all citizens that desire to come, be ordered here from Rolla. I go to work with a strong force on the fort to-morrow. Dick Berryman has gone to Greenfield. I think the quartermaster and commissary and provost-marshal should return here at once. Lonergan is particularly needed.

H. H. WILLIAMS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 15, 1864.

Major H. H. WILLIAMS,

Pilot Knob:

Four companies of Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry left Cape Girardeau this day for Pilot Knob with a section of howitzers to report to

