
report, but am satisfied there are some roving bands of guerrillas in that neighborhood. I have ordered the company that starts for Fredericktown in the morning to overtake the four companies that left here to-day, and to go with them to the Knob if impracticable to hold Fredericktown with one company.

H. M. HILLER.

LAWSON'S, MO., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

My camp is filled with persons running from the neighborhood of Potosi and Mineral Point, reporting rebels and Indians. Please have sent to me twenty rounds shell case, twenty rounds shell, and ten rounds canister. We will keep at work at the bridges until we hear definitely.

M. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILLER,

Commanding, De Soto, Mo.:

I find great public uneasiness here lest the iron-works at Irondale and Iron Mountain should be destroyed by soldiers or loyal citizens through resentment at Harrison's disloyalty. You must exert every effort to prevent this, which would be a calamity to the city and to the General Government. All the gun-boat iron and much of the iron used on Government work is made at these works. Let the soldiers and citizens fully understand the reason of the military protection given to these works. Send the superintendent a safeguard.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Major Williams, Pilot Knob.)

DE SOTO, MO., October 15, 1864.

General EWING:

You can rest assured that your order in relation to the iron-works. as well as all others, will, to the best of my abilities, be fully carried out. I notified my regimental officers upon the receipt of your telegram. I also informed Mr. Harrison, of Irondale, that upon our arrival in his vicinity I would furnish a guard. I have had a very perplexing day on account of the panic; in fact, little was done. To-morrow I think we will do better. My scouts have got in. Potosi not burnt, as positively reported this morning. The people have returned to their homes. There are some rebels beyond Potosi. One scout brought in three prisoners. I want very much a post commissary. I find it impossible to get along, there are so many different kinds of people to issue to. If it meets your views, I would like to have one at this point with a supply to-morrow or Monday. I don't see how I can get along without one.

MADISON MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

