
reached him, but must have reached him a few hours after. It seems that General Steele was of the opinion on the 4th that Price was still south of the Saline, but I have strong reasons for believing that he has crossed the Arkansas River above Little Rock, and is now on his way to Missouri. Steele should know the fact, if it is a fact, that Price is still south of Arkansas; but I have thought it no harm to put General Rosecrans on his guard. Price has mounted a great part of his force. He means Missouri, whether he has crossed at the present time or not.
I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Devall's Bluff, Ark., September 4, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th ultimo,* the contents of which I have telegraphed to General Steele. I have this afternoon received a dispatch from General Steele. He informs me that Cabell's brigade is in Benton, twenty-five miles from Little Rock, and that Price is on the Saline with a large force, well provisioned with meal and beef. The enemy gives out that he will attack Little Rock, but it may be he intends to move into Missouri. There is no doubt at all but that the rebels have a force greatly superior to us on the Saline. General West is out, up White River, with the most of our cavalry, after Shelby. I have sent from here 1,200 infantry to co-operate with him. The last regiment of the forces at Saint Charles has just arrived here, and I shall immediately according to orders from General Steele, send a boat up White River to call back General West to Little Rock, the forces I sent to return here. General Steele concludes his dispatch as follows:

If General Washburn could send an infantry force to hold Devall's Bluff against Shelbyl who will probably follow West back, I think we could hold this place (Little Rock) by concentrating what troops we have now. At present the force here is very small. It was generally believed and reported that large re-enforcements from Texas had reached Camden, and that they are marching to support Price in his attack on this place.

You see, general, how we are situated. I trust you will be able to re-enforce us with infantry and some artillery.

Yours, very respectfully,

C. C. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, September 7, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

General Mower has reported from Saint Charles and Colonel Winslow from Clarendon. I have ordered Mower to Devall's Bluff by steamer and have sent Winslow rations, forage, and a ferry-boat to cross White River and march to Brownsville, where an expedition against Fagan and Shelby will be started as soon as possible. The belief seems to prevail here that they intend going to Missouri. There are some strong arguments in favor of that supposition. The news of

---------------

*See Part II, p. 906.

---------------

