
FRANKLIN, MO., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

We are now at work on the large bridge of 525 feet span, which will require seventy-four bents, average from twenty to thirty-four feet in height. The details sent here only furnish me 212 men for duty, and they are working in reliefs. I can work 200 men more at a good advantage.

SAMUEL G. KNEE,

Captain, Commanding Pioneer Corps.

HERMANN, MO., October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Two companies of the Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia arrived at Hermann with orders to report to you. Will you permit me to come down to make arrangements?

GEORGE KLINGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-fourth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

[OCTOBER 15, 1864]-11.30 p. m.

Colonel SHAW:

I have received your telegrams. Bill Anderson is north of the Missouri River. Send forward one brigade early in the morning with the pioneer corps, to repair the La Mine bridge. If the bridge cannot be repaired so as to cross a train in twenty-four build a foot bridge for the men to cross. The railroad company will have a force at the bridge to assist you. Let us have a connection with Sedalia as soon as possible. I will your orders in relation to a move to Sedalia, as a train will leave in one hour with hard bread for your command. The First Division is arriving, and I will send them forward as fast as they arrive. What additional transportation do you require? Answer quick.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, [October] 15, 1864.

Colonel SHAW:

I will send the regiments of the First Division, now here, through direct to La Mine bridge. Forward the remainder of your division by rail in the morning to the La Mine. The wagons and artillery will go on to-morrow.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 85. California, Mo., October 15, 1864.

I. Colonel James I. Gilbert, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Third

