
INDEPENDENCE, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG,

Saint Joseph:

A man direct from Lexington reports Price at Boonville yesterday, and his advance, or a detachment, arriving at Lexington. Another report, not reliable, is that Price is moving south. Look out for feints and false moves, but also look out for raids in North Missouri, and confront them with vengeance. I am on reconnaissance.

S. R. CURTIS.

CHILLICOTHE, October 15, 1864.

General JAMES CRAIG:

No dispatch direct from Carrollton. My scouts last night report seeing a man who was at Carrollton yesterday morning. No attack had then been made at Carroll. I shall be pleased to move in that direction whenever you think it proper.

J. H. SHANKLIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

STEWARTSVILLE, October 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAIG:

I learn through Captain McCullough, at Plattsburg, that Bill Anderson was, on yesterday, at or near Gosneyville, about twelve miles southwest of Plattsburg, with about 300 men; also that there were on Friday night and Saturday morning some thirty rebels in Hainesville.

O. G. McDONALD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WARRENTON, October 15, 1864.

Colonel J. V. DU BOIS,

Chief of Staff:

From reliable information I learn that Bill Anderson, with eighty men, took possession of Danville this morning, burned several houses and plundered the town; shot Doctor Moore and several others. Thirty-five of the gang went to Florence, burned the depot, and took back to within five miles of Danville, and fed their horses within two miles of Florence. A cavalry force of 100 men sent there by rail could drive these rebels out of the country. I have nothing here but raw militia and $20,000 of Government property to protect, which would be of great advantage to the rebels.

F. MORSEY,

Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, October 15, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Colonel MORSEY,

Warrenton, Mo.:

What mounted force have you? Have you any news from Mexico, Allen, or Macon? Answer to-night.

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

