
FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 15, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

We need blankets, overcoats, stockings, stationery, canteens, camp and garrison equipage, forage, and wood for Kansas militia stationed in the city and that are passing through here from above. Many of these militia are too poor to own overcoats, blankets, or stockings, and will suffer unless supplied. We do not wish to issue to all, but only to such as need them. All these things the State is unable, for want of time and means, to supply, and we must ask the Government to fit out the troops that she calls from the State. Please reply at once.

ED. RUSSELL,

Colonel and Quartermaster-General Kansas state Militia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE BORDER,Independence, October 15, 1864.

Captain WILLIANS:

Troops should hurry forward. I have news from Fort Gibson and Fort Smith direct. The rebels have gone south to Canadian River. Reports as to troops north of Missouri are exaggerated. Price was last seen at Boonville. A man left Lexington yesterday at 4 p. m. Detachments have gone north to destroy railroad. I cannot stop to equip militia; neither have I the power. Refer them to my request of the Governor and the Governor's order to bring their equipments. I do not encourage expectations by sending requests which you know I am not authorized to fill. Rations and arms are being rapidly distributed from Wyandotte and Kansas City. Am doing all I can, but am not authorized to issue clothing. Hurry troops forward. Hard service will keep them warm and save their homes from destruction.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 15, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 56, Department of Kansas, relating to steam-boats on the Missouri River, see Part I, p. 474.]

INDEPENDENCE, MO., October 15, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STARK:

To owners and officers of steam-boats running of the Missouri within my command:

Ferry-boats and steam-boats in my command will see that their boats do not get into rebel hands in a condition for rebel service, under the sure and swift punishment of the loss of boat and the forfeit of the life of the commander and pilot.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Colonel Stark will have this order placed in the hands of boatmen and published in the papers. Price was reported at Boonville yesterday. Rebels entered Lexington yesterday. Kansas troops are coming up gallantry. Hurry them forward. The squads that have gone north of the Missouri River cannot stay there. They will have to hurry back to Lexington to save their chief from annihilation.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

