
WYANDOTTE, October 15, 1864.

Colonel CRAWFORD,

Fort Scott:

General Blunt desires you to come up immediately and report to him at Hickman Mills, Mo.

C. S. CHARLOT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 124. Fort Leavenworth, October 15, 1864.

10. Colonel Tracy, commanding Ninth Kansas State Militia, will proceed without delay to Kansas City and report to Major-General Curtis. The mounted portion of the regiment, after being armed, will march overland. The infantry will go on board steam-boat Emilie. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 15, 1864.

Major HILLIARD,

Commanding, Weston, Mo.:

Our advance from Kansas City occupied Independence and Pleasant Hill last night, which was undoubtedly the cause of the rebs crossing the river north to get out of the way. There is no force of rebs west of Keytesville. We will furnish you with 100 stand of arms and ammunition on you requisition. It requires a commissioned officer to receipt for them. Send over at once.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Camp near Wyandotte, October 15, 1864.

S. E. BROWNE, Esq.,

Denver City, Colo.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter concerning the disposition of certain brigands calling themselves Confederate soldiers is received. I have not the least sympathy for such fiends; we are disposing of them very summarily everywhere. When men in our rear betray the parole implied by their shelter under the roofs of our people left at our homes they deserve hanging or any other sort of butchery, as you denominate the taking of their lives. War is butchery on a grand scale, and there is none of its horrors more justifiable than those which destroy the sneaks and cowards that steadily seek to carry on war in rear of our armed forces, and disguised as citizens. Brigands have no rights, and Napoleon had them shot dow by regiments, even when they were caught in garbs of some military show. Colonel Chivington may, or may not, have been privy to the matter you name. It may have been better to

