
our re-enforcements will furnish another argument. I have orders from General Canby to follow them if they attempt it.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 122. New Orleans, September 7, 1864.

The recent strike among boiler makers and machinists, the wages demanded by mechanics and laborers being exorbitant and greatly beyond the regulated prices for such labor, and some action being imperatively required in order that public interests may be protected and public work properly prosecuted, it is hereby ordered that the required number of mechanics of the various classes be detailed from the enlisted men of this command for duty in the quartermaster's department to be furloughed for the time being, and that the colored persons that are rejected by the examining surgeon as not meeting the standard for recruits military service shall be delivered to the quartermaster's department as laborers. Extra pay will be allowed all such, as a matter of public expediency and necessity, as follows: White mechanics, $30 per month; colored mechanics of the second and third class of skilled labor, $15 per month. Colored laborers taken under the order above cited, $20 per month, with rations, and clothing not to exceed $2.50 per month. In order to carry out the foregoing provisions commanding officers of regiments in this department will, immediately upon receipt of this order, transmit to the chief quartermaster a list of all mechanics in their respective commands, such list to include boiler makers, carpenters, bricklayers, blacksmiths, and all other miscellaneous mechanics. Upon receipt of such lists the chief quartermaster will make requisition for such men reported on his list as he may need, upon receipt of which immediate orders will be given for their detail and furlough, provided such requisition does not exceed 100 white and 400 colored mechanics. The superintendent of recruiting service for colored troops will report daily to the chief quartermaster the colored laborers heretofore referred to taken from plantations and rejected by the examining surgeons.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 7, 1864.

Major General E. R. S CANBY,

Re-enforcements from General Washburn have reported to me from Saint Charles and Clarendon. I shall take the field against Fagan and Shelby. The general impression here is that they intend making a raid into Missouri. They say they are going to. I do not believe it, but if they do I will follow them as long as supplies enough to keep the command alive can be obtained. I have not had force enough before to beat them in the field and leave my base secure. In a few days our defenses will be pretty good here. There is a square redoubt with counterscarp galleries which cannot be taken by assault. It commands the city and all the ground it that can be seen; capacity for over 1,000, inexhaustible well, &amp;c. We have here and at Devall's Bluff over 3,000,000 rations. I think there is no doubt but that Fagan intends crossing at Dardanelle. I have a spy company following him,

