
the possession of other branches of the service. The most vigilant and stringent economy must be practiced at so remote and expensive a military post.

Second. You have probably received, or will receive, dispatches from these headquarters in which you are instructed to send down all the horses but those of two companies, and a further reduction in the number will be made, so that not more than 100 animals, including the post teams, will remain at Wadsworth during the winter. A supply of grain for that number has probably reached you ere this, and as it is probably all that can be furnished this fall you will appreciate the importance of dealing it out very sparingly. Full directions with regard to the matter were sent Major Clowney. The number of horses to be retained should include those requisite for occasional scouting duty, keeping up communication with Fort Abercrombie, &amp;c. All the rest can be sent down in charge of the detachment expected from Fort Rice, or by the troops employed in escorting the downward trains. The castings for the mill will be attended to immediately, the chief quartermaster of the district having been ordered to give the mater his immediate attention. They hay already purchased, or so much as is required forthwith, should be brought to the post. The assistant quartermaster will doubtless be instructed by the chief quartermaster of the department, to whom Major Clowney's report on the subject was sent, with reference, to the whole subject.

Third. Inclosed herewith you will find a special order constituting a military commission for the trial of the Indian prisoners. The proceeding must be formal and particular in every respect, and the evidence duly authenticated be given in extenso. Attested copy of the order convening the commission must be prefixed in cases of court-martial. The proceedings must be as summary as the ends of justice will permit, and the prisoner allowed every fair opportunity to prove his innocence. The charges and specifications may be made out and signed by any commissioned officer, and must be drawn so as to cover all the crimes committed in 1862 (if any) and since. There are witnesses among the scouts and Indians about the post who must be looked up by the judge-advocate. The proceedings will be sent when completed to these headquarters.

Fourth. The blanks or such of them as are now on hand will be sent to you without delay. Those required, of which there are none at these headquarters, will be dispatched as soon as received, also a consolidated morning report book.

Fifth. It would be advisable to maintain a midway station between Forts Wadsworth and Abercrombie, as you suggest, for convenience of winter travel, but no troops can be spared from Abercrombie at present, as the force has been weakened very much by escort and patrol detachment. There should be a commissioned officer and not less than thirty men stationed at the point selected, and a strong block-house or stockade built for their protection. This can be done after you have been re-enforced as you probably will be, by two companies of First U. S. Volunteers. Orders were sent several days since to retain Company A of that regiment at Wadsworth, but it may have reached there too late, in which case another detachment will be sent very soon. Nothing has yet been learned of the fate of Captain Fisk's party or of the detachment sent to his rescue since the departure of the latter from Fort Rice. Having replied to the inquiries in your dispatch you will be fully posted with reference to the desires of General Sibley on those subjects and governed accordingly. Part of the scouts will be retained and others discharged from the service, as you

