
will perceive by accompanying special order.* In occasional cases of absolute destitution among the Indians who are friendly, issues of rations may be made, but these must be exceptional in their character. Major Brown will, of course, see that scouts perform their duties properly and faithfully.

By command of brigadier-general commanding:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA.

Fort Ridgely, October 15, 1864

Captain R. C. OLIN.

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of the 11th instant has been received and the necessary arrangements have been made to execute the orders and instructions of the commanding general in relation to the escort to the train for Missouri River promptly. The post quartermaster has some time since forwarded his requisition for a supply of clothing to the chief quartermaster of the district, but has not heard of it, and as it is necessary to provide the escort with the proper clothing for such a trip, I would respectfully ask that directions be given to forward a limited supply of overcoats, trousers, and underclothing if necessary by express to Saint Peter, so that the men can be put in condition to go on that trip. I wish to inform you, however, that this want of clothing will not interfere with the starting of the train,but I am in hopes that measures will be taken at once to prevent suffering of the men constituting the escort.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,WILLIAM PFAENDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT RIPLEY, MINN.,

October 15, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Asst. Adjt., General, Dist. of Minn., Dept. of the Northwest:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 204, headquarters District of Minnesota, Department of the Northwest, Saint Paul, September 28, 1864, I assumed command of this post. I found matters in a very disorderly state. The troops stationed here seemed to be under very little, if any, discipline, whatever; but as the general commanding the district has so recently visited this post, it is unnecessary for me to give a minute detail of affairs. Nothing of importance has occurred since my arrival, except the burning of the woods on the southwest side of the fort. The wind being in the direction of the barn and hay, and but a few miles away, I had back fires set to prevent any damage being done. I have seen but few Indians near the fort, and learned from residents at Crow Wing that nearly all the men have started up country to the payment. Some three or four old Indians have made application for provisions, and I have ordered small quantities of condemned beef and flour issued to them. If this is not proper please instruct me in regard to it.

J. M. THOMPSON.

Major Second Minnesota Cavalry Vols., Commanding Post.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

