HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Fort Snelling, Minn., October 15, 1864.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this post at 9 a.m. to-day. Please to inform if there are any orders for me or instructions from district headquarters. If it is possible most of the men should have leave of absence for a few days. I should regret very much to leave the State until we are joined by the 200 men left at Fort Rice, which will probably be in twelve or fifteen days. Please send a reply at once.

M. T. THOMAS.

Colonel, &amp;c.

SALT LAKE, October 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Indians are attacking mail-coaches every few days forty to sixty miles west of Fort Kearny. Unless immediate measures are taken to stop depredations the great overland mails must again be stopped. I most respectfully urge that General Connor be assigned to this duty at once. His familiarity with Indian warfare, prompt and efficient protection to the Western line and wholesome dread of the savages of his name, point to him above all others as the man for the work of punishing these marauders. The winter is approaching when Indians can alone be tracked, pursued, and severely punished. It is the right time for the work, and Connor can do it. I but express the firm conviction of all who have witnessed his prompt operations, and now see the result in Utah. Everything is quiet here, and Connor can well be spared for the necessary time to accomplish the work speedily and effectually with the means at his command.

BEN. HOLLIDAY.

Overland Mail Contractor, of New York.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP., GENERAL'S OFFICE. Numbers 207. Richmond, September 1, 1864.

* * * * *

XV. All non-commissioned officers and privates of Arkansas regiments now serving in the Trans-Mississippi Department who were captured at Vicksburg and Port Hudson, and are now in the States of Mississippi and Alabama, separated from their commands, will if declared exchanged, proceed without delay to Atlanta and report to Brigadier General D. H. Reynolds for assignment to such companies in his brigade as they may elect to join. Such as have been paroled and are not yet exchanged will, so soon as declared exchanged, likewise report for similar assignment. Correct returns will be forwarded to this office by Brigadier-General Reynolds showing the names and regiments of the men who may report under this order

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General

