
GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT. Numbers 67. Shreveport, La,. September 1, 1864

I. A bureau charged with the supervision of the collection of the tax in kind, in this department is hereby established at Marshall, Tex. Major Benjamin A. Botts, quartermaster is assigned to duty as chief of this bureau: all returns and papers in reference to the tax in kind will be forwarded to him.

II. Contractors for carrying the C. S. mail, and the drivers of their mail coaches and hacks, provided for by law, will be exempt from conscription; provided they are taken from the Reserve Corps, or they were not in the army at the time of making such contracts or engaging as such drivers.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Princeton, September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding the district to the unarmed condition of this division. In Thompson's and Hardy's regiments, of Tappan's brigade, there are present for duty 787 men and they have only 373 guns, not one gun for every two men. Asking that steps may be taken no furnish the unarmed men with guns,I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAPPAN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Princeton, September 1, 1864.

Captain BUCK,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular letter of instructions, Numbers 686, from district headquarters, date August 31, 1864, I have the honor to report the following as the number of regiments, battalions, batteries and independent companies under my command at this place;

First. Tappan's brigade, Colonel Hardy, Nineteenth Regiment, commanding - first, Colonel Hardy's regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood commanding; second, Colonel Thomson's regiment, Colonel Thomson commanding.

Second. Gause's brigade, Colonel Gause commanding-first, Colonel Gause's regiment; second, Colonel Rogan's regiment (consolidated), Lieutenant-Colonel Hicks commanding; third, Colonel I. L. Brook's regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Stanley commanding.

Third. Blocher's artillery battalion, Major Blocher commanding- first, Captain Etter's Arkansas Light battery, Captain Etter commanding; second, Marshall's Arkansas light battery, Captain Marshall commanding.

Fourth. Colonel Logan's Eleventh Arkansas Cavalry, Colonel Logan commanding.

