HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION.

Camp on Fourche, September 3, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I would respectfully state that on the day that my division separated from the rest of the command I moved to the crossing of the Saline on the military road, throwing out scouts and pickets well to the front, and encamped that night upon that river (Saline). On the next morning at daybreak I moved one brigade (Slemons') of my division through the town of Benton road placed the same in position in front of Benton on the Little Rock road until the train of the division, guarded by General Cabell's brigade, could cross the Saline and was well on its way up the north bank of that stream. The scouts sent out by me reported no movement of the enemy from the direction of Little Rock, but reports reached me of the existence of great excitement in that city; the removal of negroes &amp;c., from the same and other unmistakable indications of an apprehension of attack. I am satisfied from what I could learn that they had heard of my division being encamped on the Saline near Benton, and evidently expected a movement on Little Rock. I reached this camp some time after dark to-night, after a long day's march.

Very respectfully, &c., colonel.

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 67. Princeton, September 3, 1864.

I. Captain Flippin, commanding cavalry company, Reserve Corps, will place one man (mounted) upon all the roads leading from Princeton, ordering them to report to the commanding officer of each infantry picket, placed upon the several roads, as subject to their orders.

II. Colonel Gause, commanding brigade, will order a detail of five men to report to Captain Faust, assistant quartermaster, at Princeton, for fatigue duty immediately. This detail will be provided with axes

* * * * * *

V. Colonel Hardy, commanding brigade, will detail three men and one non-commissioned officer to report every evening at 3 o'clock to Judge Compton, at his residence, for guard duty.

VI. The following detail will be made to report immediately to Major Upshaw, at his quarters, for fatigue and guard duty: Colonel Hardy, three men with guns; Colonel Gause, seven men, three of whom will be provided with guns.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Princeton September 3, 1864.

Colonel HARDY,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL; Brigadier-General Tappan directs me to say that some of your command have been reporting for guard duty in town without arms

