
and without the proper supply of ammunition (ten rounds to the man). You will direct the commanding officers of regiments of your brigade to have this corrected, as it is of vital importance that the guards and pickets should be prepared at any moment for an attack. Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 65, from this office, orders seven company commanders and seven lieutenants to report daily with the guard detailed by the same order. This detail will be reduced to five company commanders and four lieutenants.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Princeton, September 3, 1864.

Major W. D. BLOCHER,Commanding Battalion Artillery:

MAJOR: General Tappan directs that you have one or two of your pieces in readiness for a night attack. A Federal scout was within thirteen miles of this place at dark in direction of Buck Snort.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. JOHNSTON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., September 4, 1864.

Major-General BUCKNER,Commanding, &amp;c., Alexandria:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has placed Walker's and Polignac's divisions subject to the orders of Major-General Magruder. So soon as General Magruder can make dispositions to receive the troops he will order them forward from Monroe. You will instruct the division commanders accordingly and that it would be best for them to send forward officers of quartermaster and commissary departments to provide supplies along the route to Camden.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 47. Princeton, September 4, 1864.

I. Captain C. M. Montell, Gause's brigade is hereby relieved from duty as acting field officer in charge outposts and guards.

II. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Stanley, Gause's brigade, is announced as field officer and will relieve Captain Montell in the discharge of the duties as field officer in charge. All guards detailed in town will be subject to his orders. Colonel Stanley will report at these headquarters to-morrow at 9 a.m.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

