SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 68. Princeton, September 4, 1864.

I. It is hereby ordered that no officer or agent of any officer or command, belonging to this division, interfere with Mr. Harrison, citizen of this county. Mr. Harrison having furnished all his surplus subsistence to the army will not be again called upon by the impressing officers of this command.

II. The following detail for fatigue duty will be made, to report at Major Upshaw's quarters immediately; Colonel Hardy, one corporal and ten men; Colonel Gause, one corporal and ten men.

III. Immediately upon the receipt of quartermaster's stores by the chief quartermaster the fact will be reported to the inspector-general of division with a copy of the invoices of articles received. It will be the duty of the inspector-general to make a just and equitable distribution of the articles received in the several commands of the division, in accordance with the necessities and wants of each. Hereafter the chief quartermaster will issue no stores from his department until advised of the distribution as made and selected by the inspector-general.

* * * * *

V. The detail for fatigue duty, ordered to report to Major Upshaw by paragraph II of this order, will report every morning at 5 o'clock until further orders, with one day's cooked rations.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE.

Commanding District of East Louisiana, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of August 15, 1864, suggesting that the reserve forces of Eastern Louisiana should be ordered to report to the district commander, and also that conscripts in that locality be turned over to the regiments now in service in that district, has been considered. The Secretary of War directs me to say that he approves your first suggestion, and a special order will be issued from this office assigning to you as district commander in addition to your other duties that of organizing the reserves of East Louisiana. But no power can be given to assign to the new organizations in your district men in East Louisiana between eighteen and forty-five years of age and liable to conscription. They must be regularly assigned to organizations existing prior to 16th of April, 1862, as the law directs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. BLAIR HOGE.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, September 5, 1864

Colonel A. C. JONES.

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL; In the absence of Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton I have the honor to report for the information of the brigadier-general com-

