
manding this district that upon the arrival of the French forces at the mouth of the Rio Grande River, Colonel John S. Ford, commanding Expeditionary Forces, sent two Confederate officers to communicate with the commander of the French troops. I have the honor to forwarding Colonel Ford's report, also a copy of his letter to the commander of the French forces, and instructions to Colonel Latham. I would respectfully request of Colonel A. C. Jones, chief of staff, information in regard to Captain J. H. Gordon's company. It has never been mustered, but the officer in command says there is an order at district headquarters which authorized the company to report to Colonel Benavides. Only forty men in the company.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant

JOS. ED. DWYER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, September 3, 1864.

Captain J. E. DWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that some 1,000 or 1,200 Yankees still remain on Brazos Island. It is reported that they have received a re-enforcement of 1,600 men. I do not credit the statement. It came from the American consul. He has endeavored to prevail upon Cortina to cross the Rio Grande and attack the Confederates. He promises him 800 men to assist in expelling the French from Bagdad. He presumes upon being able to succeed if he can convince Cortina the men have arrived. The latter has given the matter consideration. It has been freely discussed by his officers. He hates Americans, particularly Texans. He has an old and deep-seated grudge against Brownsville. He knows his career is nearly closed. If he could force his way through our lines, plunder our people, and get within the Yankee lines, it would be a finale he would delight in. We have this report from various quarters from persons of respectability and credibility. Mexican officers have warned us against Cortina. There is enough to place us on the alert. I addressed Lieutenant-Colonel Showalter a communication a copy of which is inclosed. * He forwarded a copy to Captain Veron. The French drove the Mexicans out of Benita yesterday. They are now some twenty miles below here. I have concentrated as many men here as I could possibly and at the same time watch other points. If Cortina crosses I shall beat him. A Mexican officer named Smith, the here of San Xavier, lately a French prisoner, is here. He was told by the commanding officer of the Yankees at New Orleans that they intended to hold Brazos Island; that in the event Mobile should fall they intended to return and reoccupy Brownsville. This accords with General Herron's instructions to Colonel Day. The condition of affairs here requires the immediate forwarding of two batteries of artillery, one heavy and one light. It would also be very important to send more men and to erect a strong work near the mouth of the Rio Grande and one at Point Isabel, The captured steamer Ark., commanded by Lieutenant De Wolf, arrived at this point on the 1st instant.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

