
[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant W. KEARNY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the operations in front continue, but not so active as heretofore. The capture of two prisoners day before yesterday is the only thing worth note which has transpired. The enemy are supposed to be leaving. If I had artillery I would attack their works. The steamer Ark is afloat. The lumber has been placed on board again. Lieutenant De Wolf has been assigned to command her. Governor Cortina has arrived. I understand he will exact a forced loan. If so I shall protest against his including Confederate citizens. I have sent Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher and Major Hyllested to bear a communication to the commander of the French forces. I intend to have the Confederate flag flying when the French enter Matamoras, and by that means to bring about a virtual recognition by the French authorities, if possible. We are getting over supplies.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, August 24, 1864.

TO THE OFFICER IN COMMAND OF THE FRENCH FORCES.

ON THE RIO GRANDE, NEAR BOCA DEL RIO:

SIR: I have the honor to inquire what will be your course of conduct in the event the forces under your command invest the city of Matamoras. Will you respect persons and property covered by the flag of the Confederate States of America? It is probable the occupation of the Boca Del Rio by your forces will interrupt the transportation of supplies to Matamoras. In view of that contingency I have authorized Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher and Major Hyllested to endeavor to conclude an arrangement with you by which our supplies can be passed over the Rio Grande within your lines and transported to Fort Brown, on this bank. These requests are made with frankness and with a grateful remembrance of the generous sympathy the Government and people of France have evinced toward those struggling for the right of forming their own government and choosing their own rulers.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding Confederate Forces on Lower Rio Grande.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, August 22, 1864.

Colonel F. W. LATHAM,

Collector of Customs, &amp;c., Brownsville, Tex.;

COLONEL: The events occurring upon the Mexican side of the Rio Grande render it necessary for the Confederate States to have some responsible person to represent them and the interests of their citizens in the State of Tamaulipas. Inasmuch as you have been charged with a very important mission, by orders of Major-General Magruder, and

