
are acquainted with persons and things on both banks, you are considered the proper officer to be intrusted with the execution of duties of so much magnitude. You will without delay wait upon the Mexican authorities and notify that you are the representative of the Government of the Confederate States and you will see that the persons and property of Confederate citizens are not endangered or destroyed. You will at once report to these headquarters any danger menacing Confederate property or Confederate citizens. This authority is general, and should you find it possible to negotiate for the purchase of any article necessary for the use of our army you will do so.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N,., September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by the hands of Colonel De Morse this morning of your letter marked confidential dated August 25, in regard to contemplated move of General Watie.*Inclosed in the same package was the keyword of the department, I had heretofore received, and it has been studied by the assistant adjutant-general. It is destroyed as directed. The movement of General Watie will be inaugurated as soon as practicable. I regret the delay in the transmission of your letter this being the first official advice I have received in regard to Price's move, and the first notice I have had that Watie's move would be favorably considered.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER

Chief of Staff, Houston, Tex.;

GENERAL; I have the honor to forward for information and action copy of report+ of 3rd instant, also copy of letters of to-day from Dr. C. B. Combe, a distinguished physician of this place, and copy of communication to Captain A. Veron. The person alluded to by Doctor Combe in his communication of the 6th is Cortina's new secretary of state, since Silva has fled. Everything conspires to prove the hostility of Cortina. He pretends to believe we are aiding the French. I would impress upon the major-general commanding the propriety of sending artillery to this point immediately. Brigadier-General Drayton is en route for the Rio Grande. I cannot tell when a communication would reach him, hence the reason for addressing you directly.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 1082

+See p. 909.

---------------

