
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MATAMORAS, September 5, 1864-9 a.m.

[Colonel J. S. FORD;]

DEAR COLONEL: A friend of ours, whose name I will not mention until we meet, arrived from the interior of Mexico on yesterday. He informs me, after having had an interview with a favorite colonel on Cortina's staff (whom you know well) that it is the intention, and that preparations have already been made by Cortina, to cross his entire command into Texas, attack Brownsville, and from thence communicate with the Yankees on Brazos Island, thus procuring an outlet for himself and forces.

Your friend,

C. B. COMBE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MATAMORAS, September 6, 1864-7 a.m.

Colonel J. S. FORD:

DEAR COLONEL: Since my note to you of yesterday I am informed from several other sources that such as I stated yesterday are the intentions of Cortina; that 600 men were sent up the river yesterday, and also that two nights ago twenty-five cart-loads of ammunition were sent out of town. I must also state that an officer near Cortina, and one who enjoys his entire confidence, has just advised me not to go to the Texas side of the river, as there will undoubtedly soon be an attack upon Brownsville by the Mexican forces on this side. These movements seem to me to be very significant.

Your friend.

C. B. COMBE.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

SECRET AND CON-FIDENTIAL. HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES.

Fort Brown, September 6, 1864.

Captain A. VERON,

Commanding French Expeditionary Forces, Bagdad, Mexico:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to communicate for information and action the following facts; An officer of Cortina, high in rank and in his confidence has notified me through a friend that Cortina and the Yankees are acting in concert. He has agreed to pass the river, to attack the Confederates simultaneously with the Yankees, and to thus force his way to Brazos Island. In return for this favor shown to them the Yankees have agreed to aid Cortina against the French. Cortina accuses the Confederates with being leagued with the French, with having aided them in their skirmishes, and having furnished them provisions, &amp;c. Some 600 Mexican troops, with two pieces of artillery, have gone above. They have all the boats on the Mexican side. They have warned persons to leave this bank. I am now satisfied there is no doubt of their intention to attack us. I desire you to state without delay whether or not, under these circumstances, we can depend upon the co-operation of the French forces. They will be allowed to enter our territory at any point they choose and to remain until the object is accomplished. If we secure your co-operation the command now at Camp Palmetto will remain and be strengthened: if not, that force will be withdrawn. I ave the honor to request an immediate reply.

With assurances of regard and consideration, I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding

