
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 60. Fort Towson, C. N., September 7, 1864.

I. First Lieutenant James Patteson is hereby announced on the staff of the major-general commanding as chief drill master of this district.

II. The division commander and commanders of separate commands will cause their commands to be drilled in infantry and cavalry as thoroughly as circumstances will admit.

III. A principal drill master for Cooper's division and for Gano's brigade, fully qualified for the position, is directed to be assigned by the respective commanders of said division and brigade, charged with the drill of said commands.

IV. General Cooper will make provision for a suitable drill master for each of the brigades of his division, to whom regimental drill masters will report, and the brigade drill masters will report to the chief drill master of the division, and he to the chief drill master of the district.

V. The regimental drill officers of Gano's brigade will report to the brigade chief and he to the chief of the district.

VI. The commanders of commands on independent or post duty will cause their commands to be thoroughly drilled in the arm of service in which they may be saving and report progress direct to the chief drill master of the district.

VII. The drill system is made part of the system and under the orders of the inspector-general's department, and brigade and division drill masters will, as often as may be required, report the progress of the command in drill to brigade and division inspectors respectively, who will also notice the same in inspector's reports.

VIII. Lieutenant Patteson will, as often as required, report the efficiency of the command in drill to inspector-general of the district.

IX. For the thorough and complete drilling of the command, officers who can be spared for that purpose may be specially assigned thereto by the proper commanding officers, and should there be an insufficient number of competent officers for this purpose the fact will be made known to these headquarters,so that the deficiency may as soon as practicable be supplied.

X. It is unnecessary at this late day to point out the great advantage of thorough drill. Every officer and soldier knows it, and the men will willingly learn, as it is to their interest to do so, if they have the chance.

It is hoped that in this effort every officer and man will cheerfully and heartily co-operate.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 8, 1864. - For Price to Gorgas, in relation to arms for Trans-Mississippi Department having been taken by General D. H. Maury, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 820.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 50. Princeton, September 8, 1864.

I. This division will take up the line of march toward Camden to-day at the following hours: First, Colonel Gause's brigade will move

