
at 10 a.m.; second, Major Blocher's battalion artillery will move directly in the rear Gause's brigade; third, Brigadier-General Tappan's brigade will move at 10 a.m. The baggage trains will move with their respective brigades.

By command of Brigadier-General Tappan:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Princeton, September 8, 1864.

Colonel LOGAN,

Commanding Eleventh Arkansas Cavalry:

COLONEL: In accordance with orders received from district headquarters the brigadier-general commanding directs that you move forward to this place with the least possible delay. He directs that immediately upon receipt of this you send forward a courier informing him of your whereabouts and the hour at which he may expect you at Princeton with your command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 9, 1864.

Major-General BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: By order of the general commanding I inclose herewith copies* of communications concerning the movements of the enemy received to-day. He considers these ar indications that the enemy are moving troops to meet the movements of Major-General Price. From the manner of the reception of Captain Jones' communication it would appear that he is not making his report directly to you. If such is the case, please forward the inclosed letter to him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 9, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: In reply to your second telegram of the 8th instant I am directed by the general commanding to say that Carter's regiment has been ordered by telegraph to rejoin its brigade moving by the way of Camden. As you were not present at the time of General Price's moving there was no one to prevent the breaking up of the batteries and it is now too late. The batteries with Forney's and Polignac's divisions will move with the divisions. Orders will be sent by cou-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

