
rier to them to-day to move at once to Monticello. General Wharton has been directed to report to you in person at Camden. The siege artillery has not yet left Glaveston and will be too late for your service, but will be hurried forward. Waller's regiment can be attached to its brigade by your order as soon as it reaches Arkansas. General Wharton will be able to give you more full information on the subject. The engineer troops taken by General Price belong to the Cavalry Division: one company of engineer troops is attached to Polignac's infantry division ordered to you, which will obviate the necessity of ordering one from Texas. A company of pontoniers, with brigade train, will accompany the infantry column. A cavalry command will be sent from here as soon as practicable to bring down the Federal prisoners now at Camden. Efforts will be made to obtain artillery horses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 9, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER OF INFANTRY AT

MONROE AND VICINITY, WALKER'S AND POLIGNAC'S

DIVISIONS, AND ANY OTHER INFANTRY FORCES:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of this you will take up the line of march for Monticello, Ark., via Hamburg. You will take with you all the infantry of Walker's and Polignac's divisions and any other infantry which may be at Monroe, and al the light batteries belonging to these commands. These commands will bring with them ammunition, means of transportation, spades, axes, spare arms, ambulances, medicines material in the medical department for field service, with as little personal baggage as possible. You will cause the wagons of all trains which can be used for that purpose to be loaded with commissary stores and sufficient corn to feed the draft animals and officers' horses on the road if on hand. If you have cattle on hand you will bring them, gathering others on the road, provided this can be done without delaying the march. You will not omit to bring sufficient quantity of salt. Breadstuffs have been ordered to be placed in depot at Hamburg and at Monticello, but it will be difficult to keep up the supply. Therefore, they should be used with great economy. On the arrival of these troops at or near Monticello the ranking officer will assume the command of the whole, including the cavalry. He will so dispose his troops that they can be concentrated in a short time for battle and at the same time a points convenient for subsistence. He will post strong bodies of cavalry toward the Arkansas River and in the direction of Pine bluff, as well as to Gaines' Landing, on the Mississippi River, from which point it is possible that a raid may be made into the country. The Federal General Steele has been contemplating a raid toward Monticello for some time. He is under the impression that the infantry of Louisiana has crossed the Mississippi River, and as he has just been re-enforced by the Sixteenth Mississippi river, and as he has just been re-enforced by the Sixteenth Army Corps, under General A. J. Smith it is probable that he may carry his intention into effect. He will therefore be allowed to penetrate the country, and then be captured or destroyed. Whilst he may come down White River to Gaines' Landing, and thence into the country, it is more probable that if he makes a raid at all it will be from Pine Bluff. Further instructions will be given on the concentration of

