
the troops at Monticello, either in person by the major-general commanding the district or, if detained elsewhere, by letter. Please acknowledge receipt of this letter, and state by return courier when the troops will probably arrive at Monticello. A strict inspection of all the wagons will be made in order that the order in regard to baggage may be carried out strictly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 227. Shreveport, La., September 10, 1864.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General J. B. Robertson, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to the command of the Reserve Corps of Texas. He will report to Brigadier-General Greer, commandant of conscripts, Trans-Mississippi Department.

* * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: Seven thousand men are reported to have landed on the island at the mouth of White River, where the enemy, I am informed, have an intrenched depot. I estimate those who went up the river on eleven transports at 6,000, call the former 5,000, the latter 4,000, and Steele will have had 9,000 re-enforcements. His original force not estimated here at less than 12,000, excluding those at Fort Smith. A reconnoitering or raiding party of from 500 to 800 of the enemy's cavalry is within nineteen miles of Monticello. Parsons ought to cut it off with our cavalry, which is within twenty-six miles of him. The enemy is preparing an expedition, I think to drive us from the Monticello region and to occupy more securely the Arkansas Valley. Of the 7,000 men landed at the mouth of White River five transports came from Morganza and three from above. I beg that you will order the four regiments of cavalry, viz, Anderson's, Duff's, with Dashiell's battery, Terry's, and Bradford's regiments, to report to me in this district. Showalter's regiment should be ordered from Brownsville forthwith. If Duff or Anderson cannot come at once, let Brown's be ordered; that is always ready. General Walker will still l have Showalter's Benavides', Pyron's, McCord's regiments of cavalry and Daly's battalion of cavalry left in Texas, besides unattached companies. When Price left there were but 3,800 men (armed) in Arkansas, stretched from Washington to Monticello, and of these only about 250 cavalry. Under present circumstances I suggest the concentration in Arkansas of all the forces in Louisiana except about 2,000 cavalry, and the sending without delay the four regiments of cavalry from Texas; also that every wagon and mule that can be spared from Texas and Louisiana, and which can be procured by impressment or otherwise be sent to haul corn and stores

