
from Red River to the army in the field in Arkansas, even if cotton be stopped for the present. The great object is to beat the enemy at any sacrifice, and unless we hold the Arkansas Valley we cannot subsist an army except near Red River, without immense means of transportation. Will the troops be ordered so that we can secure Arkansas Valley, and perhaps take Pine Bluff, and by siege Little Rock? The siege of Mobile being as it appears a fixed fact, and the Red River being safe from four months perhaps more, there is no danger to Texas or Louisiana in this concentration.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding,&amp;c.

P. S. - General Smith stated a pontoon train would be sent me. Where is it and when will it come? Also the siege train, which I hear is reduced to ten guns that are ready to move from Houston. Is it better for them to come by way of Shreveport or Alexandria? By Alexandria is the shortest to Monticello and the best road to Pine Bluff. We have yet to see the effect to Price's invasion of Missouri. If it draw troops from Arkansas, we ought to be ready with siege train and as many men as possible to crush Steele.

I am, general, &c., very respectfully, your obedient servant

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DOUGLAS,

Chief Engineer Trans-Mississippi Department:

COLONEL: The enemy has been re-enforced by a strong force under General A. J. Smith, which passed up White River on the 4th instant. The old bridge has gone down, the logs having become water-logged, and thus there is no way of crossing at this place except by ferry. It is extremely important that some arrangements to this end should be made, and I beg that you will cause a pontoon crossing to be established over the Ouachita at this place as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 10, 1864

Major N. S. HILL,Chief of Subsistence, District of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that Walker's and Polignac's division will be at Monticello in a few days, thus increasing the troops at that place, say, by 10,000. These troops will be provided for by you. Please say what steps have been taken by you to meet this demand, and what progress made.

I am, major,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

