HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier General M. M. PARSONS,

Commanding Middle Sub-District of Arkansas, Monticello, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated 8 p.m. September 9, inclosing a note from W. H. Barry, in relation to the movements of the enemy at the island. The commanding general directs you to assume command of all the cavalry in your sub-district as senior officer present, and to endeavor to capture the force of the enemy reported advancing upon Monticello. You will send scouts well out toward the positions of the enemy, and thus keep yourself thoroughly advised of all their movements. You are further instructed to give to the officer in command of the cavalry such information as may be necessary for his security and to enjoin upon all the greatest vigilance. With the cavalry force placed at your disposal the major-general commanding believes that by throwing a portion in the rear of the enemy and cutting them off from Pine Bluff you could capture the entire force now in your front. If an officer of superior rank to yourself should arrive in the Middle Sub-District with his command you will turn over the command of the sub-district to him, with all instructions and orders received from these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 10, 1864.

Colonel J. L. LOGAN,Commanding, &amp;c., Princeton, Ark.:

COLONEL: The commanding general has information that on the 4th instant eleven transports loaded with troops passed the mouth of White River bound up that stream. This is said to be the Sixteenth Corps, U. S. Army. Late information confirmed this report, the number estimated at 4,000 or 5,000.

I am, colonel, very respectfully:

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION.

Camp Four Miles North of Quitman, September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I marched seventeen miles the day we left Dover, and immediately, after going into camp my pickets were fired on by the Third Arkansas (Federal) Cavalry. A regiment was ordered out immediately. After some brisk firing the enemy were driven and scattered through the woods, the greater portion going toward Lewisburg. We captured 7 prisoners, several horses, guns, &c. Five of the enemy were wounded; one since died. On our side nobody hurt. A regiment (Gordon's) was ordered on in the direction of Lewisburg that

