
night, and early the next morning, entered the town. Found the enemy had left in the direction of Little Rock, leaving only a few sick, and no property worthy of mention. This regiment (Gordon's) returned last night to my camp on this side of Springfield. Colonel Gordon reported a steam-boat with stores some twelve miles below Lewisburg. About 100 men were sent back this morning to destroy the boat and what stores they could not bring off. General Cabell instructed the officer in command of these men, and they will, I think, run no risk more than ordinary. So far I have got on well; have not lost a man or horse that I am aware of, and will reach the Clinton and Batesville road to-morrow before 12 o'clock. The road I am now on (the old Little Rock and Batesville road) intersects the one above mentioned, and on which I suppose you are moving. Please let me hear from you at once. I could not dispatch you with safety before this. The country is full of small parties of Federals and graybacks. Citizens in Lewisburg told Colonel Gordon while he was in town (some four hours) that General George B. McClellan was nominated at Chicago on the 29th ultimo for the Presidency.

Respectfully, &amp;c., colonel, your obedient servant,

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.

[SEPTEMBER 11, 1864. - For Hood to Taylor in relation to re-enforcements from Trans-Mississippi Department, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 831.]
HDQRS. ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, September 11, 1864.

Colonel A. C. JONES,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to state that owing to Confederate money not being used in this section of the country it will be impossible for officers doing duty in the inspector-general's department to travel through the country unless their actual expenses are allowed, and would respectfully recommend that they either be allowed specie or its market equivalent in Confederate money. Officers sent on inspecting duties cannot travel unless they have private means of their own, and as it is not the intention of the Government that they should defray their own expenses a special order is required for them to be reimbursed for their expenses, actually incurred by them in the discharge of their duties. General Orders, No., -, dated ----, 1864, headquarters Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., allows $10 a day and traveling expenses. At the rate Confederate money is valued it does not amount to thirty cents. The actual cost of board being from $1.50 to $2.00 in specie. Does the general order referred to apply to officers in the inspector-general's department?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. KEARNY.

Assistant Inspector-General

