
OFFICE OF POST COMMISSARY,

Houston, September 11, 1864.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; I beg leave to report a deficiency of subsistence stores at this post. The duty of procuring supplies devolves upon the chief purchasing commissary, Major Maclin, and his assistants. In obedience to an order from Major E. B. Pendleton, chief commissary, headquarters at Galveston, I shipped to the post commissary on the 15th ultimo 15,000 pounds of flour. Draining the post as it did completely, I have been unable to issue other than full rations of corn meal to the sick in hospital, troops, and detailed employes at this post. The bakeries for the manufacture of hard bread have been stopped also for the want of flour; when the supply of flour on hand was adequate the bakery turned out from 1,000 to 1,500 pounds hard bread per day. For the last three or four months soap has ceased to be issued, but once in a while a small amount of soft soap could be purchased from country farmers, which would not last, however, beyond a few days. Daily inquiry is being made for candles, an article much required for the different departments here. A supply was formerly procured from the post commissary at Galveston, but have been unable to procure any during the last three months. Captain Richardson, assistant commissary of subsistence at Harrisburg, is the purchasing agent or assistant of Major Maclin in this district, and from his agent I have been drawing supplies of corn, which stock is now exhausted, and at present I am at a loss to know where or whom to look to for a fresh supply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SETTLE

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., September 11, 1864.

Major General J. H. FORNEY.

Commanding Infantry Division, Monroe, La.

Major General C. J. POLIGNAC:

GENERAL: The artillery serving with your division will move with it to Monticello, Ark.

By command of General E. K. Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., September 11, 1864.

Colonel I. F. HARRISON,

Commanding Brigade, Monroe:

COLONEL: You are directed to proceed with your brigade forthwith to Monticello, Ark., and to report to the senior officer there for instructions.

By command of General E. K. Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

