
CAMDEN, September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff;

General Parsons writes from Monticello that there is no doubt Steele has been re-enforced by 6,000 or 7,000 men. He says is some evidence of a column moving in this direction- Monticello. I have sent to hurry forward the infantry from Louisiana, but they will be too late. I am in the greatest need of cavalry in front of Camden and Washington. I anticipated this when I asked for four regiments of cavalry three weeks ago from Texas. I got no answer, and Anderson's, then at Tyler, has now gone to Houston. I now ask for Brown's, Terry's Duff's, and Bradford's. They are wanted as cavalry now. Could be temporarily dismounted, if necessary, hereafter, and their horses sent near Marshall, Tex. The artillery is disorganized. I therefore request that Captain O. G. Jones' light battery, now near Houston, be ordered to accompany the cavalry, the movement to be made rapidly. Major Thomas H. Price, at Selma, Ala. obeys only the orders of Colonel Gorgas, at Richmond, and of General E. K. Smith. General Smith will oblige by directing Major Price to turn over the ordnance and ordnance stores intended for this department to Major J. B. Burton. C. S. Army, in convenient packages for transportation across the Mississippi River.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 11, 1864.

His Excellency Governor FLANAGIN:

GOVERNOR: I intended to have paid a visit to Your Excellency and to Senators Johnson and Mitchell as soon as I should have completed certain arrangements here, but the enemy threatens an advance from the lower Arkansas, and I think from Pine Bluff toward Monticello. I will be obliged to defer that pleasure for the present, but in the meantime, if convenient, within the next five or six days, I should be very happy to have an interview with you here. I desire to concentrate, if possible, all the infantry about Monticello, and as I have but a handful of cavalry in front of this place I beg that Your Excellency will cause five companies of the State troops to take post at Arkadelphia, leaving one company to take care of the public property at Washington. These troops should have orders to communicate with any cavalry force at Princeton, to push their reconnaissance toward Little Rock as far as possible, pick up stragglers, deserters, and persons liable to conscription, and in case of an advance of the enemy (which is now contemplated in that direction) to send a courier to communicate information to Princeton and Washington, as well as here. Should these troops have been turned over to the Confederate authorities, as I learn may be the case, be pleased to show this letter to the commanding officer, who will be guided by it.

I have the honor to be, Governor, your very obedient servant,J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

