
III. Major James M. Elliston, quartermaster, is relieved from duty with Tappan's brigade, Arkansas, infantry and is announced as chief quartermaster of Churchill's division to fill the place made vacant by the appointment of Major C. B. Moore as chief quartermaster District of Arkansas.

IV. Surg. B. A. Jandon is permanently relieved from duty with the Twenty-sixth Regiment Arkansas Infantry and is announced as chief surgeon of Churchill's division.

V. No more furloughs will be granted until further orders.

VI. This command will move to-morrow at daylight precisely, taking the Camden road, crossing the Ouachita River at Hill Ferry and advancing on the Warren road. The command will move in the following order: First, Brigadier-General Tappan's brigade; second, Colonel Gause's brigade, third, Major Blocher's artillery battalion.

VII. Major Blocher with his command and Major Elliston, chief quartermaster with the entire baggage train of the division will cross the Ouachita at the ford above the pontoon bridge and overtake the command at McElrath's plantation, where it will be encamped for the night.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON:

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 72. Camp Yell, September 11, 1864.

I. Captain Tom McSwine, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty as chief quartermaster of Churchill's division, and will report to Colonel L. C. Gause for duty. In thus relieving Captain McSwine as chief quartermaster, the major-general commanding takes this occasion to return his thanks for the energy and efficiency displayed in the management of his department.

* * * * *

III. Major Blocher will move to-morrow morning with Captains Marshall's and Etter's batteries, leaving Captain Trigg's battery in its present encampment until further orders.

IV. Major J. M. Elliston, chief quartermaster, will retain all the public property belonging to this division and will under no circumstances turn any of it over to the district quartermaster.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION.

On the Clinton and Batesville Road, September 11, 1864-3 p.m.

Colonel MACLEAN;

COLONEL; I reached this road about noon to-day, expecting to find you moving upon it to Batesville. I can hear nothing of you, Shelby, or anybody else. Have marched twenty miles to-day. Find no water here. Will move on ten miles farther to the nearest to-night. Will reach Batesville or vicinity to-morrow, where I expect and must get orders from you. My horses and mules tired, very, and need shoeing

