
was sent to assist Colonel Anderson. General Magruder states that Colonel Anderson's regiment has been replaced by the Reserve Corps. Nothing is known here why the change was made. You will have to act.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 12, 1864.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am operating on the lower Arkansas to divert the enemy from you. Steele re-enforced 6,000 or 10,000 in all. I do not think he can follow you. Communicate with me fully and frequently if you can. I send you 150,000 percussion caps. Success attend you.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 12, 1864.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN,Commanding Forces, Princeton:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inform you that the enemy, estimated as low as 400 and as high as 1,000, have advanced upon Monticello and been forced to retire. Colonel Crump, with a regiment of cavalry, has been sent in pursuit of the enemy, retiring in the direction of Mount Elba, and has, it is reported, succeeded in placing himself between the enemy and Pine Bluff. Colonel Chisum, commanding a cavalry regiment has been sent to Mount Elba to occupy the place. The enemy may give you a call at Princeton. The general directs that you be vigilant and effect a junction with Colonel Crump if it can be done with safety. AT any rate take steps to communicate with Colonel Crump and adopt such measures as may be best to cut off the enemy's force and capture it.

I am, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS.

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 36. In the Field, September 12, 1864.

This division will continue the line of march for Warren to-morrow morning at daylight, taking the Hampton road. Brigadier-General Tappan will assume command of the division, and upon his arrival at Warren will report the fact to these headquarters at Monticello. A suitable camp will be selected at Warren, where the command will remain until further orders.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

