
Monticello, Ark. The country near Monticello is threatened by the enemy. You will bring with you twenty days' supply of beef of obviate any difficulty which may arise from want of provisions. You will please acknowledge receipt of this by the courier, and state when you will be in Monticello.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 72. Shreveport, La., September 14, 1864.

All officers and men belonging to commands east of the Mississippi River, and who have come into this department since the fall of Vicksburg, and are not now serving in the field, will report immediately, in person, to Brigadier General H. T. Hays, at Alexandria, La.

II. Commanding officers will turn over to Brigadier-General Hays all officers and men serving in their commands, belonging to military department since the fall of Vicksburg, who may have not been regularly assigned to the command with which they are serving by proper authority.

III. Quartermaster and commissaries will furnish the necessary supplies transportation, &amp;c., to enable Brigadier-General Hays to establish a camp near Alexandria, La., and which may be required to collect and forward the men to their commands east of the Mississippi River.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 14, 1864.

Major-General PARSONS,

Commanding Middle Sub-District of Arkansas, Monticello:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to request that you will endeavor to obtain information of the destination of Grierson's cavalry. He does not think he heard of General Price's movement into Missouri, and therefore expects daily to hear from him at Little Rock or on the railroad. If he comes that far, finding the road secure, he will probably make a raid himself toward Monticello, Camden, or Washington. Cavalry must be sent out toward Little Rock and Pine Bluff to reconnoiter and give the first notice of his movements. The major-general commanding suggests that Doctor Barry or some agent or agents should also be kept on or near White River, and others on the Mississippi, communicating with mouth of White River, if possible, to ascertain whether more troops ascend that river, and whether any troops leave Steele and also what troops go down the Mississippi to re-enforce General Canby. If so large a force of cavalry as that under Grierson is said to be shall re-enforce Steele another plan of campaign must be adopted, or our cavalry must be concentrated of held well in hand and near the infantry supports. The major-general commanding has some reason to believe that Steele, when re-enforced, contemplates a movement on Camden or Washington, the former, more probably, as being on a stream which is frequently navigable. This movement would not be made, however, unless a heavy cavalry force,

