
such as Grierson's should join him. The major-general wishes to know if General Thompson has any clue to Grierson's purpose or can get any. A reply is respectfully asked.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 14, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES S. MITCHELL,

Commanding at Washington:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 12th instant received. In reply, Major-General Magruder instructs me to inform you that the positions of the State troops as seen by diagram submitted by you are correct, and where he wishes them to be. Establish communication between your advanced position and Princeton, which is in communication with Mount Elba, in order that you may co-operate with any force [against] the enemy making raids from Pine Bluff toward the south, or that the troops at Princeton may cut off a force moving on your post.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Powhatan, September 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: You communication dated yesterday is just received. It is impossible from the scarcity of forage and subsistence to concentrate my command except when on the move, and I have therefore encamped the different brigades composing it as follows, viz: McCray's brigade, eight miles east of this place on the Gainesville road; Dobbin's brigade, fifteen miles south of this on the Jacksonport road; Colonels Jackman and Freeman with their brigades on Spring River, fifteen miles north, and Shelby's brigade, under Colonel Shanks, at Smithville, twelve miles west. Colonel Kitchen, with 600 or 700 men, is encamped at Gainesville, and Colonels Lyles and Rogan are on Crowley's Ridge. Orders have been sent Colonel Lyles, who is in command of those two regiments, which are as yet unorganized, to move without delay to Gainesville, Greene County. Division headquarters have been established at Powhatan, on Black River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE FORCES OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS,Powhatan, September 14, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will please find a consolidated report* of the troops under my command. Under the head of remarks you will notice

---------------

*Omitted. Original shows an aggregate present for duty of 5,542.

---------------

59 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

