
that several commands are not reported, for the reason that owing to the distance at which they are encamped from here their reports could not be received and they are as yet only partially organized. Their force can safely be estimated at from 1,500 to 2,000, many of them armed. They will be ready to join us by the time we reach the border.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., September 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department, Shreveport:

GENERAL; I am just in receipt of your letter, Numbers 4011,* directing me to put myself in communication with General Magruder for the purpose of co-operating with him, informing me that the mass of the army is being pushed up for active service toward the Arkansas River. I have heretofore expressed the opinion that the forces here could better co-operate with the forces in Arkansas, with a view to the recovery of the Arkansas Valley by operating in this district on the Arkansas River and as far as we can north of it. I entertain the same opinion still. I respectfully inclose a copy of General Cooper's letter acknowledging receipt of instructions to General Watie. Orders have been printed and scattered calling all the Indians to their posts. My troops are now on the main road leading from General Gano, just received, says he will that day move to Camp Pike, within twenty miles of the river (Arkansas). The courier-line used last winter from Camp Garland (Laynesport) here and connecting at that point with a line Cabell had established to Washington, Ark., has been broken up by the withdrawal of the troops. A courier-line from Clarksville, Tex., to Camden, would put me, as well as the Northern Sub-District of Texas, in close connection with General Magruder. I would respectfully suggest the establishment of that line as useful now and hereafter. I shall send a letter giving my position, strength, &amp;c., to General Magruder by special courier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,

September 7, 1864.

[Major General S. B. MAXEY:]

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge your letter of 5th instant with inclosures, also the papers for General Watie, which were immediately forwarded by a special trusty courier, with instructions to place the package in General Watie's hands. I have directed General Watie and Colonel Walker, without assigning any reason, to send out runners to peremptorily order all absentees to report by that time. They

---------------

*See Boggs to Maxey, September 12, p. 927.

---------------

