
all understand that there is something on foot rendering their presence necessary, and I think they will come. Will you do me the favor to make it known that such orders have been sent out. It is very generally understood that General Price is on the move, but it is supposed he is now north of the river. The Federals are reported working on fortifications at Gibson, and that it is understood they will abandon Fort Smith and try to hold Gibson. This you will perhaps remember has long been my opinion.

Very respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Everything in my power will be done to have all in readiness. General Watie's men, in fact all the commands as usual when wanted, are much scattered. I believe if they were here I could take Gibson within a week. The movement below will attract attention. When will General Price arrive at the Arkansas?

C.

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1864. - For Cooper to Scott, relating to operations in the Indian Territory, Arkansas, and Kansas, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 781.]

[SEPTEMBER 15, 1864. - For Levy to Benjamin, in relation to crossing troops to the east bank of the Mississippi, see Part I, p. 120.]
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 15, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General OF MAJOR-GENERAL WALKER,

Houston, Tex.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding district that upon my arrival at this point on the 10th instant, on a tour of inspection, I found the citizens in great alarm, and our troops in position to repel the Mexicans under Cortina, who has most treacherously and unexpectedly allied himself with the Yankees, and commenced hostilities against us without any provocation whatever on our part. He has for several days past been firing upon our troops at various points on the Rio Grande, and has fought us on the lower Rio Grande in conjunction with the Yankees on different occasions. By the gallantry of our troops under Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings they have both been driven back to the Brazos Santiago, after having been severely punished. Had we had two pieces of light artillery the repulse of the Yankees and Mexicans would have been much more decisive and sooner accomplished. As it is, however, the victories have been most creditable to officers and men.

A French fleet of four steamers and one schooner is now on its way up the river, and is within ten miles, by the river, of Matamoras. The French sent a flag of truce this morning early, which was fired upon by Cortina and forced back. The French have several large steamers at the mouth of the river, but with no land forces except the usual proportion of marines. Several guns of the Mexicans bear upon this town, and at any moment are ready to open fire upon us. We have

