
hitherto carefully abstained from returning the scattering fire of the Mexicans from the other side of the river, and committed no act with might have a tendency to complicate our relations with the government of the Emperor Maximilian or with the Emperor of the French, and shall continue to pursue this course, unless the movements of Cortina shall compel us in self-defense to act otherwise. With artillery, small-arms and more ammunition I should feel that my little command was invincible, but we shall endeavor to be prepared for any eventuality that may arise. What the intentions of the commander of the French forces are I do not know. Affairs have become very complicated between them and the United States authorities and officers for having permitted Cortina and some hundreds of his troops to cross the river and fight us in conjunction with their troops, and assisting them to return back again into Mexico. If the country between the Nueces and the Rio Grande is worth maintaining it could be easily defended with a comparatively small force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. If it is not worth keeping then humanity and policy demand that the present unorganized forces be withdrawn, and thus save the Confederacy the enormous expense of supporting it. On some more opportune occasion I will lay before the major-general commanding a full report of all that has already or may hereafter come under my observation or reach me from authentic sources.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - On the 11th instant I ordered from the vicinity of Goliad Captain Patrick's company, Pyron's (Second Texas) cavalry, and from San Antonio Captain Scott's company, same regiment, with Captain O. G. Jones' light battery, to march upon this place without delay.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I received on the 14th the detailed account, sent for my information from Shreveport on the 9th instant, of the re-enforcements from Morganza for General Steele. These troops were landed at the mouth of White River, and were estimated to be 8,000 men. After remaining several days at mouth they were taken up White River in smaller steamers. Several days previous to the arrival of these troops the same persons who reported their arrival at White River also reported eleven transports as having gone up White River with the Sixteenth Army Corps. It has since been though that what was supposed to be the Sixteenth Army Corps were, in reality, 5,000 or 6,000 men returning to Steele from furlough . Brigadier General Jeff. Thompson, who arrived day before yesterday at Monticello from the other side of the river states positively that Grierson had crossed the Mississippi at Memphis 8,000 cavalry but does not intimate whether with the intention of going north or re-enforcing Steele at Little Rock. Mrs. Bruce, truce, from Little Rock, whose father, Mr. Lowry, lived at Milliken's Bend, states that Steele informed her that A. J. Smith had written him that he was afloat in Mississippi and could come to him whenever he

