
the successful defense of the sea-coast against a naval attack. Please lay these views before the commanding general at the earliest convenient moment. I should be happy to know if they meet his approbation, and, if so, what orders he will be pleased to give in the case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION,Camp on Strawberry, September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.;

COLONEL: I reached here (Strawberry) at 11.30 o'clock this morning with my division and went into camp. I will reach Powhatan early on to-morrow. I find plenty of good water, very fair camping-ground, and some forage. For these reasons, and because of many of my horses being bad off for want of shoeing, I halted and went into camp this early in the day. I could have reached Powhatan, but preferred, for the above reasons, and because of the uncertainty of getting forage farther on, to camp at this place. My command, men and horses, will besides, be benefited by the rest thus obtained. I will get to Powhatan early in the day on to-morrow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,On Strawberry River, September 15, 1864-5 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My command has this evening reaching this point, forty-one miles from O'Neill's Ferry, on the old Jackson, and Pocahontas road. Owing to the fact that my command has now been out of bread-stuffs for three days, and that from the rapid marching my commissary wagons are still behind, and will only reach here late to-night or to-morrow, the wearied condition of artillery and train stock, I will halt at this point, where forage is abundant, to-morrow, and will march on the morning of the 17th and reach Spring River that evening. I will report in person at Pocahontas on the evening of the 17th.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 73. Monticello, September 15, 1864.

I. The two brigades Arkansas infantry commanded by Brigadier-Generals Hawthorn and Dockery, respectively, will hereafter report direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

