
[SEPTEMBER 16, 1864. - For Hodge to Bullock, in relation to affairs in Southwest Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 840.]

[SEPTEMBER 16, 1864. - For Maxey to Boggs, relating to operations in the District of Indian Territory, see Part I, p. 777.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I shall have from 13,000 to 14,000 men - infantry, cavalry, and artillery-all told, exclusive of Price, who is now probably in Missouri, and of Maxey, who is opposed by a superior force of the enemy at Fort Smith. I cannot attempt offensive operations unless largely re-enforced, but must put my cavalry forthwith in front of Camden, Washington, and Monticello, to prevent an attack by the enemy. I do not think he can advance farther than Camden, however, for want of supplies, but I think he will do that unless Price's move into Missouri should prove a complete success, and consequently a thorough diversion. It is easier to support troops at Monticello and on the Bartholomew. My means of transportation must be greatly increased. The wagons and teams of the planters on Red River ought to be impressed for use this fall. This, to be effectual ought to be done on both sides of the river. I have accordingly directed that it be done, and that the wagons or carts be sent here at once with supplies. There are no supplies here of any consequence, and will not be unless extraordinary exertions are made.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

N. B. - With Grierson's force, as I telegraphed, Steele's force ought to be about 43,000 men. I still, on reflection, think that Grierson, notwithstanding Logan's information, must be after Shelby. I shall know to-morrow.

J. B. M.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS. Numbers 49. Camden, September 16, 1864.

The major-general commanding this district announces with pride to the troops one of the most gallant exploits and successful expeditions of the war. The capture of five forts by the heroic Shelby and his brave officers and men in the face of superior numbers and the destruction of a large portion of the railroad between Little Rock and Devall's Bluff. The eloquent report of Shelby will best inform his comrades how this was done. The following is his language:

My forlorn hope of an advance under the brave and intrepid Williams immediately charged the retreating enemy, and a wave of steel overlapped and swallowed up the flying blue coats. The fort was surrounded, the artillery opened at point-blank range, and high over the white bursts of the powder cloud that drifted and floated away before the battle breeze a white flag waved out as a token of surrender. The results of this capture were 150 prisoners, 200 small-arms, besides large quantities of supplies. Station Numbers 2 was next attacked, captured and destroyed, and 100 more prisoners added to the first. Station Numbers 3 shared the same fate, while 50 more

