
prisoners swelled the number. Stations Nos. 4 and 5 were stubborn and defiant, and held on for awhile under a pitiless and splendid artillery fire. Veteran Illinois and Indiana infantry were in these redoubts, and they had a hatred of surrendering, although I had never asked them to do so. Time pressed. Five hours had been spent in these operations, and I could not wait. Colonel Shanks, commanding my old brigade, than whom a braver nor a better man never set a squadron in the field, was ordered to dismount his command. Colonel Jackman also dismounted a portion of his brigade,e and these forming as infantry with colonel Shanks dashed forward under their intrepid leader at the pas de charge, while a strong body of cavalry were held well in hand for any emergency. The garrison grew uneasy, but over the sea of dark green prairie, over the white puffs of the bursting bombs, and the rippling shots of the skirmishers, a long blue line of Federal cavalry and infantry came looming up, and as they grew nearer and nearer out from the doomed forts the garrison rushed with frantic speed for help and hope. Too late! As the dismounted men gained the ditches and the palisades the reserved cavalry, whose steeds had all the long forenoon been champing impatient bits, dashed away after them in a long, fierce gallop. Sharp and brief the chase. When within 500 yards of their friends the Federals were overtaken, surrounded, ridden over, and Colonel Mitchell and 450 of his officers and men surrendered unconditionally. They were immediately countermarched and double-quicken to the rear, the bullets of their friends all the while ringing a fierce, discordant meter.

The immediate and tangible fruits of my expedition are 577 prisoners; including 1 field officer and 11 line officers; over 250 Federals killed and wounded; ten miles of railroad track completely destroyed-the ties torn up and burnt, the iron heated and bent, telegraph destroyed, bridges and trestle-work ruined; 3,000 bales of hay consumed by fire; 20 hay machines chopped to pieces; 5 forts razed to the ground; 500 stand of small-arms distributed to my unarmed men; many fine horses captured; 12 barrels of salt brought off and given to a command suffering for it, besides supplying needy soldiers with blankets, shoes, boots, hats, and clothing.

All this was done within six miles of Devall's Bluff, and my details were tearing up the track while the enemy's bullets, fired at the covering regiments, were throwing the splinters from the ties in their very faces.

My thanks are due to Colonels Shanks, Gordon, Hunter, Jackman, and Erwin, Major McDaniel Captains Williams, Langhorne, Adams, McCoy, and Lieutenant-Colonel Blackwell, for their eminent and devoted services.

In fact, every officer in my command, and then men as a body, deserve great praise for the heroic manner in which they stormed fortifications and met and defeated largely superior numbers of the enemy.

My loss in the entire fighting is 173 killed and wounded. Among this number there fell mortally wounded Lieutenant Stone, of Shanks' regiment, and Lieutenant Dickey, of Smith's regiment,two as gallant spirits as ever laid down their lives a willing sacrifice for their country beneath the banner of the bars.

Colonel A. S. Dobbin, left at Austin to cover my rear on account of Big Cypress being swimming, performed his duty ably and perfectly.

The major-general commanding returns his warmest thanks to General Shelby and his officers and men for the eminent services they have rendered their country in their late operations, and particularly in the signal victory which they gained on the 30th [24th] of August.

This bright example cannot but stimulate their victorious comrades of other fields to still greater exertions, and proves how much can be gained by enterprise and unhesitating devotion, even under circumstances the most unfavorable.

This order will be read at parade to each regiment, battalion, &amp;c., in this district.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 16, 1864.

TO THE SEVERAL OFFICERS Commanding TROOPS IN THE FIELD:

General Smith reports that he has reliable information from enemy's lines at Morganza, La., showing that at least 10,000 men have passed

