HEADQUARTERS FAGAN'S DIVISION,Camp at Spring River, September 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Headquarters:

COLONEL: I reached and went into camp at Miller's Crossing, on Spring River, at 2 o'clock this evening. I will move toward Pocahontas at daybreak in the morning. There is nothing of interest to communicate.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 16, 1864.

Major-General MAXEY,

Commanding Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say to you that it is judgment that should the Federal forces from Fort Smith move to re-enforce Steele you should move your forces in the direction of Washington, Ark., in order that you may form a junction with him (General Magruder). The major-general commanding requests that you communicate with him frequently.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Camden, September 17, 1864

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I do not regard Texas as in danger, nor will it, in my opinion be threatened until next spring. I request therefore respectfully but earnestly that you will order the cavalry regiments of Anderson, Brown, Terry, and Bradford to proceed through Louisiana to this district will still have left the following disposable cavalry force, viz: Daly's battalion, Showalter's regiment, Pyron's and McCord's regiments of cavalry. If the following dispositions are made, viz, Daly's battalion at Sabine Pass, McCord's regiment at Galveston, Pyron's regiment at Galveston, two companies of Showalter at Velasco, and rest at or near Galveston all the cavalry to be temporarily dismounted, except sufficient number of do picket duty, the following infantry regiments will be free to be ordered to Arkansas at once via Louisiana, viz: Spaight's battalion (large), Elmore's regiment (very large), Cook's five companies of infantry now stationed at Hempstead. The garrisons on the coast of Texas will then be defended as follows: Sabine Pass, Griffin's battalion (large) and Daly's mounted battalion; Galveston, including Bolivar Point and Saint Louis Pass by Cook's five companies of artillery (loyal), Hobby's infantry regiment, Second Texas Infantry, Waul's legion infantry, Pyron's regiment of cavalry, McCord's regiment of cavalry, Showalter's regiment, when it shall arrive from the Rio Grande; Velasco by Bates' infantry regiment, two companies being used as mounted infantry; Saluria, by Hughes'

