
thinks it would have a very bad moral effect to abandon the place, and desires that it be held with a show of resistance, but thinks you should have every arrangement made to save the garrison and as much of the armament as possible should it become evident that the enemy had determined to reduce the place. He considers that any defenses lower down than the Caney River would be useless, and desires that if any works have been commenced at Decrow's Point and Saluria that the work be suspended. We have already seen that these places can be captured without difficulty by the combined naval and land forces of the enemy. For your own satisfaction and for your future protection he desires that you will order a board of officers for the purpose of considering the subject, and especially as to the best means for saving the armament and garrison at Galveston. They should decide whether or not the bridge could be relied upon for their removal, and if means could be adopted to prevent its being brought the enemy's fire should they succeed in passing into the harbor. He wishes Brigadier-General Hebert and Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, to be members of that board. He desires, further, that three of the heavy guns, with carriages and equipments, should be sent to Alexandria for the defense of Red River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 4. Houston, Tex., September 17, 1864.

The following officers are assigned to duty at these headquarters, viz: Captain W. A. Smith, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. A. Galt, as acting assistant adjutant and inspector general; Captain George A. Thornton, acting assistant adjutant and inspector general; First Lieutenant J. C. Ralston, on the personal staff of the major-general commanding, as aide-de-camp.

By command of Major General J. G. Walker:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of armed, unarmed, mounted, and dismounted men in Shelby's division, September 17, 1864.

Command.	 Numbers	 Numbers	 Mounted	 Dismount

 armed. 	 unarmed	 	 ed

Shelby's brigade	 1,177	 278	 1,407	 48

Jackman's brigade	 441	 1,155	 1,463	 133

Total	 1,618	 1,433	 2,870	 181

Company D, Gordon's regiment, formerly escort to General Marmaduke, is not included in this report. The number of men belonging to Shelby's brigade and now attached to Wood's battalion not being known is also omitted.

JO. O. SHELBY

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

