
FORT MAGRUDER, September 17, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM TYLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that last night about 8 or 9 o'clock some seventy-five or eighty men from Fort Point marched up to this fort under arms and packed for traveling and called for volunteers to follow them off the island. Some twelve or fourteen from Company E, Twentieth Infantry and Company K, ---- Heavy Artillery, had prepared to go, but after talking with them all but five or six from Company K remained, and I find this morning those from K have returned. The most, if not all, of those from Fort Point passed back in detachments during the night. I made no attempt to use force, for I knew, if attempted not a man would raise his arm to prevent their going, and it would only determine those engaged all the more if not influence others to leave. It was a preconcerted arrangement with some of the men from all the forts, and I have no doubt will be attempted again.

Respectfully,

D. H. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding Fort Magruder,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, S

Camden, September 17 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: The following is received to-day from Colonel W. H. Parsons through General M. M. Parsons, from Monticello. A considerable force of Federal cavalry on the evening of the 14th instant made their appearance on the west side of the island, near Mr. Hudson's, sounding all the crossings of the river in that vicinity, seemingly with the design of effecting a crossing of the river. Recent information from the island indicates the design upon their part to make it a base of operations in the direction of Monticello or Pine Bluff, on the south side of the river. Between 8,000 and 9,000 have passed up White River in the last six days. No troops now leaving the island for White River. Late dispatches state that General Grierson with 6,000 cavalry and artillery crossed the Mississippi at Memphis, marching in the direction of Devall's Bluff. One of my officers reports that seventeen transports passed Columbia from below on Sunday loaded with troops. I learn from other sources that the forces now on the island are from Morganza, La. I think Grierson is aiming at Washington and Fulton. The Legislature sits in a few days.

* * * * *

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS.

Camden, September 17, 1864.

Major-General FORNEY.

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will push on with your command to Monticello, Ark., as rapidly as

