
expected. But few men left in Fort Smith. Everybody down there says that they are gathering cattle and ponies to drive to Kansas. Is there no way to turn some force from Arkansas on Fort Smith while we cut off communication with Gibson and above?

* * * * * *

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Camp Numbers 20, at Pocahontas, Ark.,

The Army of Missouri is organized as follows:

I. Fagan's division, commanded by Major General J. F. Fagan, to consist of Brigadier General William L. Cabell's brigade, Colonel Slemons' brigade, Colonel McCray's brigade, Colonel Dobbin's brigade, and Colonels Lyles' and Rogan's commands, and Captain Anderson's battalion.

II. Marmaduke's division, commanded by Major General J. S. Marmaduke, to consist of Brigadier General John B. Clark, jr.'s, brigade, Colonel Freeman's brigade, Colonel Kitchen's regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Wood's battalion.

III. Shelby's division, commanded by Brigadier General J. O. Shelby, to consist of Colonel Shanks' brigade, Colonel Jackman's brigade, and Colonel Coleman's command.

IV. Major-General Fagan with his command, will march to Fredericktown by Martinsburg, Reeves' Station, and Greenville.

V. Major-General Marmaduke, with his command, will march to the vicinity of Fredericktown to the right of the route designated in paragraph IV, varying from it from ten to thirty miles, or as nearly within these limits as may be practicable on account of the roads and forage.

VI. Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, with his command, will march to the vicinity of Fredericktown, to the left of the route designated in paragraph IV, varying from it from ten to twenty miles, or as nearly as may be practicable, on account of the roads and forage.

VII. The major-general commanding the army will march with the center column, and the division commanders will report to the army headquarters at least once a day, and oftener if necessary. The center column will march as nearly as practicable eighteen miles per day.

VIII. The major-general commanding trusts that the division commanders will carry out all orders against straggling and plundering.

IX. All property captured from the enemy to be issued under directions of the division commanders, full reports of the same to be made to army headquarters. Prisoners captured will be immediately reported and held subject to orders from these headquarters.

By command of Major General Sterling Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI Numbers 9. Camp Numbers 20, September 18, 1864.

The following officers of the staff corps are assigned to duty with the commands commanded by Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, subject to the

