
approval of the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department: Major J. N. Edwards, assistant adjutant-general; Major W. J. McArthur, assistant inspector-general; Major J. P Clendenin, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William F. Anderson, ordnance officer; Major R. J. Lawrence, quartermaster; Major J. B. Dale, commissary of subsistence; Captain Thomas H. Shields, assistant commissary of subsistence; Surg. Junius Terry, surgeon; Captain O. F. Redd, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant C. Wood, aide-de-camp. The following officers attached by order are assigned as follows: Major R. J. Duffy, assistant inspector-general; Captain P. R. Carrington, assistant inspector-general; Captain Ed. Burr, assistant adjutant-general. The above officers as assigned will report for duty to Brigadier General J. O. Shelby.

By command of Major General S. Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Numbers 10, Camp Numbers 20, September 18, 1864.

The following officers of the staff corps are assigned to duty with the division commanded by Major General J. F. Fagan, subject to the approval of the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department; Lieutenant Colonel Wyatt C. Thomas, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel William T. Bourne, assistant adjutant-general; Major James T. Armstrong, ordnance, officer; Major Ben. T. Duval, quartermaster; Major Benjamin F. Fall, commissary of subsistence; Surg. W. B. Welch, surgeon: Major Albert Belding, aide-de-camp; Captain James W. Tucker aide-de-camp. The following officers attached by order are assigned as follows: Major William F. Rapley, volunteer aide-de-camp; Captain John King, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant William L. Anderson, acting assistant commissary. The above officers as assigned will report for duty to Major General J. F. Fagan.

By command of Major General Sterling Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 76. Monticello, September 18, 1864.

I. In accordance with special instructions from district headquarters, Brigadier-General Dockery's brigade will be inspected by Captain R. Fletcher, acting assistant inspector-general, District of Arkansas, this evening at 4 o'clock. All assistant will be afforded Captain Fletcher in carrying out the provisions of letter of instructions from assistant inspector-general's office, District of Arkansas, of date 15th of September, 1864.

II. Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart, Third Consolidated Regiment, is hereby detailed as field officer, and will report to Colonel Crockett, commanding post, to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

