
because he is well acquainted with the country. I desire to make due apology to General Fagan for trespassing on his line of march. Johnson will join him to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Let me know where you will camp to-morrow night by return courier.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION. Numbers 77. Monticello, September 19, 1864.

1. Lieutenant Upchurch, commanding second section of Zimmerman's battery, Blocher's battalion, will forward without delay to Camden the two caisson carriages of his section. One caisson carriage will be refitted with ammunition chest and will be brought back to his battery filled with howitzer ammunition. The other carriage will be left at Camden, the fact being reported to Major Magruder, assistant chief of artillery, District of Arkansas.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,

In the Field, September 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: My command is to-night encamped forty-two miles from Pocahontas on the direct Poplar Bluff road, passing through Cherokee Bay. Nothing of note has occurred. Plenty of forage. Colonel Slayback writes me that seventeen transports laden with troops passed Osceola, Ark., up the Mississippi within the last few days.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 21, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General, OF Major General J. G. WALKER,

Houston:

COLONEL: As evidence of the hostile feeling which has prevailed for some time, and still continues, toward us by General Cortina's party in Matamoras, I have the honor to inclose you copies of the correspondence between Colonel John S. Ford commanding Expeditionary Forces, and Colonel H. M. Day, commanding Federal troops on Brazos Santiago Island, in which the latter officer acknowledges that men had been enlisted in the U. S. Army from Cortina's brigade, a large number of which had been crossed over the Rio Grande, under Cortina himself, and fought us several days in conjunction with the Yankees, near the mouth of the river, while another party of them attacked us in flank from their side of the Rio Grande with cannon and musketry. I

