
stated in a former letter of the 16th instant that the Mexican artillery, which a short time since had been in position pointed at Brownsville, have since been removed, but no amicable intercourse has yet been reestablished, permitting passengers and goods to pass and repass in safety. We are still under arms day and night, prepared for any emergency.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. DRAYTON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Fort Brown, September 12, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Brazos Island, Tex.;

SIR: In the recent affairs between your troops and those of my command, between the 6th and 12th instant 12 Mexicans of the Exploradores del Bravo of Colonel Echarzarreta's corps, General Juan N. Cortina's brigade, were taken prisoners. I desire to know if they were at the time of capture in the service of the Government of the United States?

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding C. S. Forces, Lower Rio Grande.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 13, 1864.

Colonel J. S. FORD,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Lower Rio Grande:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication dated the 12th instant, relative to 12 Mexicans who were taken prisoners by your forces and who were formerly under the command of Colonel Echazareta, Juan N. Cortina's brigade. In reply I have the honor to state that those men were in the service of the United States and fighting under the U. S. flag.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. DAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI. Numbers 11. Camp Numbers 22, September 21, 1864.

The following officers of the staff corps are assigned to duty with the brigade commanded by Brigadier General William L. Cabell, subject to the approval of the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department: Major William J. Tyus, assistant adjutant-general; Major Herman Carlton, assistant inspector-general; Major Benjamin, J. Field, assistant adjutant-general, ordnance officer; Major John Crawford, quartermaster; Major Hugh G. Wilson, commissary of subsistence; Surg. John H. Carroll, surgeon; Captain David W. Corder, aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant William A. Stevenson, aide-de-camp. The above officers will report for duty as assigned to Brigadier General W. L. Cabell.

By command of Major General S. Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

