HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Poplar Bluff, September 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My command is encamped this evening at this point. The column marched without difficulty. Everything quiet. No news. I dispatched to you last evening. I send by this courier a dispatch Major Surridge, of Greene's regiment. He is with either General Fagan or General Shelby. Please direct the courier that he may deliver the communication.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION.

Camp Twelve Miles from Patterson, Mo., September 21, 1864.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am this far on the way and am encamped at Captain Leeper's U. S. Army, a notorious robber, house-burner, and marauder, where I found plenty of forage and beef. The scout I sent out night before last after the Federals that burnt Doniphan overtook them the next morning, attacked and routed them, losing 6 men killed and wounded. Federal loss unknown. Killed some Union guerrillas to-day. They fired on my rear twice, but paid for their temerity with their lives. The country passed over has been rough and sterile in the extreme. Let me know where you will camp to-morrow night.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, September 21, 1864.

Colonel JOHN L. LOGAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Princeton:

COLONEL: Your communication of 20th instant in reply to letter Numbers 769 is just received. I have the honor to inform you that orders have already been issued for the posting of troops at Arkadelphia and Rockport. In a communication to Colonel R. C. Newton, commanding State troops, of 18th instant, and also in a letter to Governor Flanagin of 19th instant, in which the commanding general "requests that some of the best of the State troops shall be posted at Rockport, Ark., and with directions to send speedy reports of the advance of the enemy to Colonel Logan, at Princeton who will communicate with Mount Elba and thence to Camden. You will use your judgment in regard to the number necessary. The State troops will be posted on this side of the river, placing their pickets on the side next Little Rock." The above, with the instructions you have already received, are the instructions by which you will be governed unless countermanded by the commanding general. I will this day forward your letter to the commanding general for his information.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

