
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 7, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major General A. J. SMITH

Cairo, Ill.:

You will halt your forces at Cairo will, in General Smith's absence, halt his troops at that place.

H. W. H.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 7, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A fact proper to be known in connection with others previously reported to the Secretary of War is that an infernal machine exploded last night in the principal storehouse, of quartermaster's stores in this city, and but for the vigilance of the watchman in charge $1,500,000 of Government property would have been destroyed. It was contained in a valise filled with combustible materials, and exploded by clock-work, set to run till 12.30 o'clock at night.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 7, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

In reply to your telegram,* addressed to the Secretary of War, and received last night in relation to A. J. Smith's division, I am instructed to inform you that orders have been sent by the chief of staff to Cairo to detain General Smith's division there when he arrives until further orders.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI. Numbers 162. Saint Louis, Mo., September 7, 1864

The organization of the Thirteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry having been completed, another regiment will at once be organized under the same authority, and under the same general conditions governing in the organization of the Thirteenth (see General Orders 128, from these headquarters), which will be designated as the Fourteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry. Officers will be detailed from these headquarters for recruiting for the regiment from the Missouri State Militia. Applications for permission to recruit will be forwarded to these headquarters through the ordinary channel. Officers receiving recruiting details will at once signify their wishes with regarded to entering the new regiment; but, whether desiring commissions therein or not, will enter vigorously upon the duty, and continue thereupon until duly relieved. They will make frequent reports direct to these headquarters as to their success in

---------------

*See September 5, 2 p.m.,p. 69.

---------------

