HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, September 22, 1864

Brigadier General E. GREER, Commanding Conscripts:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will order out the Reserve Corps of the State of Arkansas. You will instruct Brigadier-General Dockery that so soon as ready for field service he will report to the district commander for instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 22, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Boggs has been instructed, in replying to your communications, to inclose copies of reports from General Buckner relative to the movements of the enemy in his district. The withdrawal of the investing force from Mobile and the arrival of large re-enforcements at Morganza and Berwick Bay give General Buckner occupation for the little force left in his district. Bagby has been driven across the Atchafalaya, which line is at present occupied by the enemy. The suspension of operations at Mobile, it is reported, was occasioned by the appearance of yellow fever amongst the troops. It may be only a temporary suspension of the siege, but the presence of a large disposable force leaves Canby free for operations in this department. I do not believe that a campaign will be immediately undertaken by General Canby, but if the siege of Mobile is not renewed in November we must expect a tremendous effort to be made in the Red River Valley and Arkansas to redeem the disasters of the summer campaign. The operations of General Shelby and the movement of General Price to Missouri have induced a concentration of the enemy's troops in Northern Arkansas. Whilst General Price remains in Missouri we need not expect offensive operations from Arkansas, but should Price's expedition prove disastrous Steele will be compelled to take the offensive against you with the troops concentrated in his district. The capture of Forts Morgan and Gaines and the closing of the port of Mobile makes Galveston the point of greatest importance and interest on the Gulf coast, and I should not be surprised at any moment to hear that the large fleet now disposable for operations on the Texas coast had made their appearance off Galveston Harbor. Carter's and Terry's regiments have been ordered up from Texas, but until the Reserve Corps can be called into the field a further diminution of the small force left in that district would be unsafe. The Crescent Regiment is en route from Alexandria under orders to join its brigade in Arkansas. Orders have been issued placing the Reserve Corps in Arkansas at your disposal. All the troops in the Northern Sub-District of Texas have been ordered to report to General Maxey, who is instructed to co-operate with you. You cannot expect any further accession to your force. I trust, however, that the re-enforcements reported to have joined Steele will find occupation in Missouri, and leave you strong enough for offensive operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH

General.

