HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Four Miles Northwest of Indian Ford,

On Saint Francis River, September 22, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am encamped at the point mentioned above with my command. Will march to and encamp on the Castor, six miles below Buchanan and thirty-one miles from this and thirty miles from Fredericktown, to-morrow night. Forage plenty upon the route. The Federal force evacuated Bloomfield night before last. Were closely pursued by Colonel Jeffers' regiment, but escaped with the loss of their wagon train, captured or burned. The Federals went in the direction of New Madrid.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 22, 1864.

General MAXEY:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has every reason to believe that the enemy have suspended operations against Mobile and brought the bulk of his command to this department. The most of his forces have been sent to Arkansas, furnishing Steele with a large accession to his force. This is either the result of Price's movement or their intention to take the offensive in Arkansas. In either case it will be necessary for you to co-operate with Major-General Magruder, and to be of service your troops should be brought down and kept in hand. He does not wish to interfere with the expedition of General Watie, which will be of great assistance to General Price, but your other troops should be concentrated near the Arkansas line for a movement in the direction of Washington or Camden if necessary. You will find inclosed copies of letters* showing the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Patterson, Mo., September 22, 1864.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I reached Patterson early to-day and found about seventy-five Federal cavalry in the place who were charged by Colonel Elliott; 14 killed and several wounded. There had been two companies of infantry here also, but they left yesterday morning, taking all their supplies with them, and the cavalry had been saddled for two days. I only traveled ten miles to-day, consequent upon my being so much in advance of the main body. I would respectfully ask permission to make a forced march to-morrow upon Fredericktown to prevent the removal of the stores there. If this should be granted you will please inform

---------------

* Not found as inclosures.

---------------

