
me by courier; otherwise I will not reach that town until day after to-morrow. The Federals from Patterson went in that direction. I shall burn the fort here, with all the barracks and stables, together with a large number of tents left standing. They have evidently heard of our approach. I captured the telegraph apparatus at this post, and have secured the battery, magnets, and everything necessary to open communication at any point. Let me know where you will camp tomorrow night.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 81. Monticello, September 23, 1864.

I. Brigadier General E. McNair having been assigned to the command of the brigade of Arkansas infantry known as Dockery's brigade, and having reported to these headquarters, will immediately enter upon the discharge of the duties as commander of said brigade.

II. Brigadier-General McNair an Hawthorn will transmit to this office as soon as possible a complete register of the commissioned officers of their entire commands, giving names, rank, age, date of appointment, of election, by whom appointed, State appointed from, native State, and number of regiments as reorganized by the War Department.

* * * * * * *

IV. Captain H. W. Hand, assistant adjutant-general, having reported in accordance with paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 251, headquarters District of Arkansas, for assignment with Gause's brigade, Arkansas infantry, will report immediately to Colonel Gause, commanding, for duty with that brigade.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 24, 1864.-For Hood to Taylor, in relation to movement of troops across Mississippi River, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 868.]

SHREVEPORT, September 24, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Houston, Tex.:

If you can reach Terry's regiment General Smith wishers you to order them to Alexandria by the shortest route, to report to General Buckner. Let them move rapidly and report progress. Answer.

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT, C. S. Army,

Galveston:

I have the honor to forward to you General Orders, No. 6. The major-general commanding directs that you at once assume command of the

