
Eastern Sub-District of Texas, in accordance with the above-named order, making Houston your headquarters, and at the same time he directs me to impress on you the necessity of keeping up a strict quarantine between this place and Galveston, and therefore wishes you to comply with the established rules of changing, &amp;c., at Virginia Point and the usual precautions customary since the establishment of the quarantine.
A. C. JONES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 24, 1864.

Commanding OFFICE CONSOLIDATED CRESCENT REGIMENT,

En route for Arkansas:

SIR: If you have not reached Monroe with your regiment you are directed to return with it to Alexandria. If you reached Monroe you will await orders there from Major-General Buckner.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Monticello, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: There is doubt as to the position of the 10,000 men reported from department headquarters as having passed up the Mississippi River by Morganza from below. It would be well to ascertain from the cavalry in Louisiana near Monroe or Harrisonburg if any of these troops have landed at Vicksburg. Possibly a portion of them have landed at Natchez. I do not think the whole of these 10,000 men went up White River, but the larger portion may have done so. I have been obliged to send the infantry wagons to Eldorado for subsistence stores, and cannot move until they return. Please let me know what you have learned, if anything, or may learn, of the 10,000 troops of Canby, above alluded to. By one of the newspapers sent up it will be seen that the attack on Mobile is postponed for the present, the enemy's "forces being required elsewhere."

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Bollinger's Mill, on Castor Creek, September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: I reached this point last night with my command. i will encamp to-night six miles north of Dallas, in the direction of Patton. Colonel Jeffers and Colonel Slayback joined me last night. Colonel Kitchen is behind five or six miles; will join me to-night. The

