
verbal instructions of the major-general commanding to me at Pocahontas were that I should keep Fredericktown fifteen or twenty miles to my left on my march. Shall I adhere to those instructions, or shall I march direct to Fredericktown? I have sent a heavy scout in direction of Cape Girardeau and Jackson. Will receive information of enemy's movements on that flank and will advise you. I have no news.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I shall expect instructions to direct my movements to-night.

J. S. M.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,In the Field, September 24, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Headquarters:

COLONEL: My command is encamped to-night on Hurricane Creek, ten miles south of Patton, on the Dallas and Patton road. We have traveled eighteen miles to-day over very bad roads. All the commands reporting to me are now with me. I shall march to-morrow and reach Patton early. Will there await orders for my future course of march from army headquarters. I have received only one note from you since leaving Pocahontas. My command is marching well, but there are at least 500 dismounted men with me. A large number also are unarmed. The scout sent out this morning toward Jackson and Cape Girardeau, from which I had expected to hear by this time, I have not yet heard from, but am momentarily expecting news.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Fredericktown, Mo., September 24, 1864.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: After a forced march of thirty-three miles I reached Fredericktown last night, while the lightning and the rain and the cold northwest wind told of winter rapidly approaching. One hundred and fifty Federals had been stationed here, but they left for Pilot Knob early yesterday morning, and the merchants had commenced moving their stores two days before my arrival, so between the fleeing Federals and the terror-stricken citizens Fredericktown was stripped as bare of supplies as a dark and rainy sea. I send you the Republican of the 21st, which tells, and there is no doubt of it, that General A. J. Smith is in Saint Louis with a force. They are mostly infantry, however, and cannot be in our way. Plenty of forage here, but nothing else. The stern rigors of war have preyed upon the country, and suffering and exhaustion follow in the train. In my occupation of Patterson 15 more Federals were killed than I at first reported. I shall remain here until your arrival.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

