
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 75. Shreveport, La., September 25, 1864.

The Reserve Corps is placed under the control of the superintendent of the bureau of conscription, who is charged with its complete organization. When called into the field the Reserve Corps will be subject to the orders of the general commanding the district in which they are serving. Quartermasters and commissaries will issue to detachments of the Reserve Corps when on duty, upon the requisitions of the officer in command, approved by the enrolling officer of the county or parish in which they are operating.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,San Antonio, September 25, 1864.

Colonel A. C. JONES,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward copy of Special Orders, Numbers 1, dated September 11, 1864, Fort Brown, also copy of a communication dated 14th instant, received from Brigadier-General Drayton, commanding, &amp;c. Captain Jones' light battery being in a very crippled condition an order for the impressment of horses and harness was issued, as the Texas arsenal could not supply the wants of the battery. Lieutenant Evans, with a section of Captain Jones' battery, leaves to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock to move as rapidly by forced marches to Brownsville, via King's Ranche, as practicable. The section has two pieces of artillery, one of which is a Dahlgren rifle piece. This is the only section that is serviceable in the whole six-gun battery. The remainder of the battery will move so soon as the battery harness can be repaired, as it cannot be procured otherwise. A detachment of twenty men and two non-commissioned officers under a lieutenant leave to-morrow morning as an escort to Lieutenant Evans' section of artillery. The necessity of pushing forward the artillery to the front is most sensibly felt, and everything will be hurried off as soon as practicable. Inclosed please find a communication* from Brigadier-General Drayton, addressed to the adjutant-general General Walker's staff.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. ED. DWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT, Numbers 1. Fort Brown, September 11, 1864.

I. Captain O. G. Jones, commanding light battery, will immediately upon receipt of this order take up the line of march, an proceed by forced marches, via King's Ranche, to Brownsville.

II. Captain W. L. Hill, depot quartermaster, San Antonio, will hire, or if necessary impress, a sufficient number of mules to transport the battery to this point. The battery horses will nevertheless be brought on.

III. Captain Scott, commanding post of San Antonio, will proceed with his company to this place, as an escort to Captain O. G. Jones' light battery.

---------------

* Seen September 21, p. 946.

---------------

