
IV. Major J. E. Dwyer, assistant adjutant-general, will designate some officer to relieve Captain Scott as commandant of post of San Antonio.
By command of Brigadier-General Drayton:

ALEXANDER P. ROOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 14, 1864.

Major J. E. DWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am directed by the general to say that Captain Jones' light battery and Scott's company, which were ordered to move with all haste to this place, have not arrived. Hurry them up as fast as you can. Their presence at this time is of the utmost importance. Brownsville has been and is still threatened by Cortina, who is supposed to be acting in concert with the Yankees. The latter, however, have been driven back to Brazos Santiago by Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings. Cortina at one time had six pieces of artillery bearing upon this town; in fact, he has one in position now. The French are moving slowly up the river with but small force, and that taken from the fleet outside. Their flag-of-truce boat was fired into by the Mexicans this morning. Cortina is reported to have moved down with 1,500 men and eight pieces of artillery to engage them. Cavales, who has been disaffected toward Cortina, and has refused to attack Brownsville, has joined Cortina with his troops to resist the French. Whether the latter will take Matamoras is a little doubtful, even if they attempt it, which, in my opinion, they will not do unless Cortina attacks them below. On the 6th, before we arrived, while Colonel Giddings was engaging the Yankees in front, Cortina opened upon our troops with three pieces of artillery and shelled for some time, but without material damage. If we had a battery of artillery there would not be the slightest apprehension of an attack. As it is our position is precarious, liable to attack at any moment. Affairs are so complicated that to give you a clear and detailed account would require time and patience, which I have not. We are awaiting with some anxiety the result of the French movement. If they take Matamoras communication will be opened at once. If not Cortina will subject us to various annoyances until a battery arrives. Alone he is not to be feared, cooperating with the Yankees he would be dangerous. Why have you not written to us? We have not heard a word from you since our departure from San Antonio.

Very respectfully,

ALEXANDER P. ROOT.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION, Camp Numbers 6, September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: Captain Johnson has sent in a report this evening of his operations at Farmington. He found fourteen Federals in the courthouse at that place, and with only twenty armed men charged and captured them all, with a loss of 1 mortally and 1 slightly wounded. He reports that they were expecting re-enforcements every minute. The results of this brilliant little affair are the capture of 25 stand of new

