
arms, besides the prisoners already mentioned. Colonel Coleman arrived this evening with 200 more, and is now encamped four miles from town on the Greenville road. I have about 150 prisoners here, and would respectfully request instructions as to the disposal to be made of them.

I am, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 52. Monticello, September 25, 1864.

I. The major-general commanding district will review the troops to-morrow at 2 o'clock precisely, on the parade ground selected, on the Gaines' Landing road. The brigade commanders of this division will report at these headquarters this evening at 5 o'clock for further instructions.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 26, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General OF Major General J. G. WALKER,

Houston, Tex.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose to the major-general commanding the correspondence between General Cortina and myself, which will show that peaceable relations have been re-established once more. Until the French forces, however, take possession of Matamoras we shall not relax our preparations, but be upon our guard against any further acts of treachery on the part of Cortina. The French are advancing upon Matamoras from San Fernando, Mexico, the mouth of the Rio Grande, and from Monterey, under General Mejia, with Mexican troops altogether, and are expected to arrive either to-night or to-morrow. I hope very shortly to return to Houston, via San Antonio, as I am only detained here from a sense of duty, and until my presence may no longer be needed. I have not yet heard of the arrival of Brigadier-General Slaughter at San Antonio, but presume he must be there by this time and probably on his way to this place, but I shall not await his coming, as I have nothing to communicate that cannot be as well stated by Colonel J. S. Ford, and my official correspondence in the hands of this officer.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CIVIL AND MILITARY COMMANDANCY

OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

Matamoras, September 23, 1864.

GENERAL Commanding WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Fort Brown:

I have received the note which the general commanding the Western Sub-District of Texas has been pleased to transmit to me yesterday,

