
signed in duplicate, concerning the free crossing of persons and articles of commerce between this city and Brownsville, in accordance with the understanding agreed to with Colonel John S. Ford, commanding the Expeditionary Forces. I have the honor to submit likewise to the knowledge of General Drayton and Colonel Ford the same agreement in duplicate with the modification which it contains.

I am, general, with every consideration, your most attentive and obedient servant,

JUAN N. CORTINA.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 22, 1864.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into between General J. N. Cortina, Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, and Colonel J. S. Ford, C. S. Army, commanding Expeditionary Forces on the Rio Grande, free and unrestricted intercourse of persons and the passage of merchandise across the Rio Grande as heretofore is hereby resumed between the State of Tamaulipas and the State of Texas, subject only to the usual custom-house and police regulations of the respective authorities.

(Signed in duplicate.)

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 23, 1864.

General JUAN N. CORTINA,

Military and Civil Governor, State of Tamaulipas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the communication of this date, signed in duplicate by yourself and the undersigned, and to express my hearty concurrence to the addition which it contains, permitting "officers of the army of either State to pass across the Rio Grande, at and hour, without paying anything for their passports." Major Alexander P. Root, my assistant adjutant-general, whom I have the pleasure of recommending to your politeness, will present to you the copy of the above communication intended for your use, and is also authorized, in conjunction with Colonel John S. Ford, C. S. Army, commanding Expeditionary Forces, to confer with you concerning the matters treated of this morning between the latter officer and your commissioners.

I have the honor, sir, to reiterate the assurances of my high respect and distinguished consideration.

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

CIVIL AND MILITARY COMMANDANCY

OF THE STATE OF TAMAULIPAS,

Matamoras, September 23, 1864.

In accordance with the stipulations between this Government and Colonel John S. Ford, commanding the Expeditionary Forces on the left line of the Rio Grande, the crossing of persons and articles of commerce between the States of Tamaulipas and Texas is free and without restrictions, subject only to custom-house duties and the police regulations

