
of the respective authorities. Consequently, the officers of the army of either State may pass the river at any hour without paying anything for their passports.

(Signed in duplicate.)

JUAN N. CORTINA,

P. R. D. S.

J. S. ESPIUNDOLA,

Chief Officer.

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSOURI, Camp Numbers 27, September 26, 1864.

Major-General MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major General S. Price to say that he desires you to move to-morrow morning, so as to reach this point by sunrise. You will bring your wagons up to this point, detailing for your train a guard sufficient for its protection, and of your unarmed men you will only take with you a number sufficient to hold horses, so that every musket can be brought into action. I send copy of order to General Fagan, inclosed for your information. Nine guns have been heard in the direction of Pilot Knob, supposed to be fired at our pickets, who are within a mile of town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Camp No. 27, September 26, 1864.

Major General J. F. FAGAN,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: In reply to your request for the advance guard to attack Ironton you are hereby directed to leave a sufficient guard for your train, and with the remainder of your armed force to invest and surround Ironton. After making a close reconnaissance of it if you feel satisfied that you can carry the place without much loss you can do so; if not, you will await the arrival of General Marmaduke's forces, and make such disposition of your troops for the night as will prevent the escape of the enemy. With re-enforcements so near at hand as General Marmaduke is, too much must not be risked, as he can, leaving his train in camp, be with you by an hour after sunrise to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Farmington, September 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: Upon arriving at this point I found that about 100 Federal cavalry had been in town and left some time before my

