
recruiting. Non-veterans of the Missouri State Militia are officially informed that no effort will be spared to make this one of the very best regiments raised in the State, and that no officers will be recommended for or appointed to positions in it who have not tried and approved qualifications for their respective grades. In addition to his present duties, Colonel E. C. Catherwood, of the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, is temporarily assigned to the duty of organizing the regiment. Benton Barracks is designated as the regimental rendezvous, and to that point all veterans and re-enlisted non-veterans of the Missouri State Militia force not absorbed by the organization of the Thirteenth will be sent by district commanders without further orders. District, regimental, and post commanders are charged to exert themselves to give this order early promulgation to all under their command, and to facilitate all proper efforts of recruiting in securing men.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE.

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI. Numbers 248. Saint Louis, Mo., September 7, 1864

* * * * *

XVI. The men of the First Battalion, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, on duty with the Third Battalion at Benton Barracks, Mo., and those of the Second Battalion of the same regiment on duty at Benton Barracks, will be relieved from duty there and sent without unnecessary delay, those of the First Battalion, under the charge of Sergt. John Herbert, Company L, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, to join their battalion at Saint Joseph, Mo., and those of the Second Battalion, under the charge of Sergt. Thomas Filer, Company H, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, to Glasgow, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 7, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER

Cape Girardeau:

You will assume command of all companies of the Enrolled Missouri Militia that have been called into active service. Captain Montgomery's company will report to you for duty forthwith.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., September 7, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report the following disposition of troops made and rapidly progressing: Major King moves from Liberty, Clay

