
arrival. I shall upon leaving here push on immediately for Potosi, and will on my route thither destroy the railroad bridge over Big River at Irondale. Should there be a force stationed there I will give them battle, and still accomplish my purpose, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., Numbers 76. Shreveport, La., September 27, 1864.

In obedience to instructions from the War Department, Mr. T. G. Clemson is relieved from duty as chief of the iron service, in this department, and announced as "supervisor of mines and mineral works." His duties will be scientific and advisory. He will inspect existing works and make recommendations for their improvement, modification, or suspension. These recommendations will be made to the officer in charge of the work inspected, and be forwarded by him to the chief of ordnance bureau of this department. Should there be any material difference of opinion in regard to these recommendation, they will be forwarded for the decision of the general commanding.

The "supervisor of mines and mineral works" will make mineral analyses and collect and preserve notes for a scientific report upon all operations connected with the mining service in this department. He will report to the general commanding the department.

II. Captain R. H. Temple, Niter and Mining Corps, is announced as the officer in immediate charge of the iron-works, and Captain G. W. Helme as executive officer. They will report to the chief of the ordnance bureau for special instructions.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith;

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI,Arcadia, Mo., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. O. SHELBY,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: We are in possession of Arcadia and Ironton, but in our attack on the works at Pilot Knob this evening were repulsed. It is the design of General Price to renew the attack to-morrow morning, and trusting that the courier sent this morning has reached you, we hope that you are en route for this point, so that you may co-operate. General Price desires that you move as nearly down the railroad as practicable to this point, and when you have arrived within striking distance of the fort between Pilot Knob and Shepherd's Mountain that you signal us by firing three guns. When we are ready for the attack you will charge simultaneously. General Price is in possession of all the hill sides around Pilot Knob, and you will have no difficulty in communicating with us by the west, which you will please do as often as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

