
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 53. Monticello, September 27, 1864.

I. It appearing upon the register in the assistant adjutant-general's office of this division that there are several regiments bearing the same numbers, it is hereby ordered that the regiments thus numbered will be recognized as follows: Colonel S. S. Bell's (Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Arkansas) will be recognized as the Twenty-ninth Arkansas Infantry; Colonel McCord's (Twenty-second and Thirty-fifth) will be recognized as the Twenty-second Arkansas Infantry.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF MISSOURI,

September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the number of pieces of artillery captured at Pilot Knob, Mo., on the 27th instant and the disposition made of their: Four 32-pounder siege guns, three 24-pounder howitzers, six Woodruff field guns, and two 24-pounder Coehorn mortars. In obedience to my instructions to render useless such as could not be removed I endeavored to do so by bursting, burning, and spiking. Two 32-pounders were burst, the others injured as much as possible, with the exception of two Woodruff guns given to Colonel Dobbin, and one Coehorn mortar given to Captain Hughey's artillery. These I had removed with a complement of ammunition for them. The remainder of the ammunition (about 2,200 rounds) was destroyed with the fort, also 5 caissons for 3-inch rifled guns. The harness, equipments, &amp;c., were distributed to the various batteries.

Very respectfully,

W. W. DUNLAP,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Army of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSOURI, Camp Numbers 29, September 28, 1864.

Major-General MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: I am very desirous that the enemy should be overtaken and captured. You will pursue him with your command (except a sufficient guard for your train) as soon as you can rest and feed your horses. I will direct General Shelby to join you with a portion of his division.

STERLING PRICE,Major-General, Commanding.

61 R R-VOL XLI, PT III.

