
If these ships and their cargoes get out, we shall at once able to pay for the arms, and if these arms can then be run in successfully, incalculable benefit will result to this department.

So far we have been successful with the Harriet Lane. The others may be equally fortunate. We lost one, the Clifton, which, striking on the bar at the entrance to Sabine Pass, was burned by us.

It may be proper to state that the Harriet Lane was condemned as a cruiser by Commander Barney, C. S. Navy, sent to command her, and was therefore turned over by the Navy Department to the War Department.

I have no thought it prudent to send you an account of these transactions for fear that the papers might fall into the possession of the enemy, while taken across the Mississippi River, and the information might lead to the seizure of these vessels by the U. S. Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Arkansas.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 20. Anderson, Tex., September 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

10. Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Barry, McCord's regiment, will proceed with the four companies under his command to Fort Belknap, Tex., and make such disposition of his troops as will insure the protection of the inhabitants of the frontier. Lieutenant-Colonel Barry will report by letter to the commanding officer of the Northern Sub-District.

* * * * * * *

[By command of Major General J. G. Walker:]

S. D. YANCEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSOURI, Camp Numbers 31, at Richmond, September 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Price to say that you will move forward your force as rapidly as possible and destroy effectually the railroad and telegraph east of Franklin Station; then move upon Franklin and take the place, and march to Union and report from that point (Franklin County). Should you find the command at Franklin Station too strong for you, you will rejoin this command. Please report progress by courier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,On Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad,

Sullivan's Station, September 30, 1864-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I came up with the enemy yesterday at 11 a. m. and pursued them to Leasburg Station, on Pacific Railroad, thirty-five miles

