
County, to Glasgow, Howard County, with 250 of Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry (veterans). He is re-enforced by militia at Richmond, Carrollton, and Brunswick. Will reach Glasgow to-night with about 500 men. I have directed General Douglass to send 500 dismounted men quietly into the brush to bushwhack the bushwackers as the mounted force drive the villains to their hiding places. General Douglass is familiar with that region, and will direct the movements. Troops move down from Macon to Randolph and from Hannibal to Monroe to co-operate. I hope to get 1,000 of the new troops after the bushwhackers within a day or two. I am crowding them to organize as speedily as possible. I am threatened with a little spark of war in the extreme northwest by guerrillas who have gathered in Nebraska and Iowa to co-operate with the O. A. K'.s. Such is information. Shall be on the alert for them.

CLINTON B. FISK.

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 7, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Your dispatch to Captain Eno about proposed operations against bushwhackers in central counties received. Who directs the immediate operation? Will Douglass be ready? Find out whose fault it is that Forbes' arms went to Saint Joseph, and, if deserved punish. Be careful to put on this operation the character of secrecy, thoroughness, and a scrupulous regard for the rights of persons and property. Lawlessness creates bushwhackers and friends of them.

W. S. ROSECRANS

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS,STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Saint Louis, Mo., September 7, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th ultimo regarding the organization of new regiments in Northwest Missouri under De Bolt and Thompson was received. General Rosecrans says that as soon as Colonels Bradshaw's and Harding's regiments are full (which he thinks they now are) he will propose for the organization of De Bolt's regiment. Having received no muster-in rolls as yet, I cannot judge how far they are advanced. You know better than I.

Very respectfully,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General State of Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, September 7, 1864

Major AUSTIN A. KING, JR.,

Glasgow, Mo.:

Push out after the bushwhackers near Glasgow until you get definite orders from General Douglass. Kill all the villains you can find.

7 R R-VOL XLI, PT III

