
Unattached.

20th Texas, Major John R. Johnson.

1st Battalion Texas Sharpshooters, Major James Burnet.

Seventh Mounted Artillery Battalion.

Captain W. BUTLER KRUMBHAAR.

Dashiell's (Texas) battery, Captain George R. Dashiell.

Krumbhaar's (Texas) battery, Lieutenant W. M. Stafford.

Howell's (Texas) battery, Captain Sylvanus Howell.

MISCELLANEOUS.

Eighth Mounted Artillery Battalion.

Edgar's (Texas) battery, Captain William Edgar.

Etter's (Arkansas) battery, Captain Chambers B. Etter.

Scott's (Arkansas) battery, Captain Christopher C. Scott.

Trigg's (Arkansas) battery, Captain J. T. Trigg.

Wade's (Mississippi) battery, Captain Benjamin Wade.

Siege Train.

Boone's (Louisiana) battery, Captain R. M. Boone.

Hart's (Arkansas) battery, Captain William Hart.

Hutton's (Louisiana) heavy artillery, Captain T. H. Hutton.

Mason's (Texas) heavy artillery, Captain Charles M. Mason.

McCrory's (Louisiana) heavy artillery, Captain Thomas N. McCrory.

Department Headquarters.

Engineer Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel H. T. Douglas.

1st Battalion Trans-Mississippi Cavalry, Major T. J. Bird.

Escort, detachments 24th and 25th Texas Cavalry, Captain J. P. Montgomery.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, October 1, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to request that Special Orders, Numbers 171, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, of July 21, 1864.* be revoked. I believe that serious injury would result to the service were this order enforced. I have delayed its publication, awaiting further instructions. General Maxey, commanding the district of the Indian country, has with skill, judgment, and success administered his duties. I have satisfactory evidence for believing that he gives satisfaction to both Indian and while troops. His removal, besides being an injustice to him, would be a misfortune to the department. General Cooper has been assigned to the division of Indian troops serving under General Maxey in the Indian Territory. I would respectfully refer the department to Colonel Scott, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for particulars regarding the civil administration of General Maxey's district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel CLAY:

Please inform General Smith, in answer to this letter, that Special Orders, Numbers 171, from this office, is deemed imperative and must be carried into effect.

S. C.

---------------

* See Part II, p. 1019.

---------------

