
Grande, I trust you will be able to send the greater portion of your troops to the interior, where subsistence and forage will not, as at present, have to be purchased with gold and silver. In consideration of our impoverished military chest it is highly necessary to reduce our specie expenses to the very lowest figure. I think, after the arrival of the French opposite to Brownsville, one good regiment, with a section of artillery, would be quite sufficient at that point. This, however, cannot be determined on in advance, and I leave it to your discretion.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, October 1, 1864.

ASST. ADJT. General OF Major General J. G. WALKER.

Houston, Tex.:

COLONEL: I have the satisfaction of communicating the agreeable intelligence that by the arrival of the captain-general, Thomas Mejia, and his army at Matamoras, on the 26th ultimo, peace and repose prevail upon both banks of the Rio Grande. The captain-general has thus far given a most cordial reception to our officers and has signified his intention of paying a return visit to us in Brownsville on the 3rd instant. The inclosed correspondence between the captain-general and myself exhibits not only his own kind feelings to the military representatives of the Confederacy but at the same time shapes the policy of the Empire. General Mejia goes down to the mouth of the river to-day to have an interview with the French admiral, who intends leaving the coast of Texas with his fleet in a short time. As we have nothing further to apprehend from the treachery of the Cortina party, nor any present expectation of advance by the Federals cooped up on Brazos Island, I shall leave Brownsville on the 4th instant for Houston.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT,Brownsville, September 28, 1864.

Captain General THOMAS MEJIA, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor of tendering to you my high consideration and at the same time to express my gratification at your arrival upon the Rio Grande, where now floats the flag of the Empire, under whose folds we may expect that repose and security so long denied to us on account of the treacherous and unjustifiable warfare, waged in conjunction with the Yankees, against the Confederation by the former provisional governor of Tamaupilas, General Juan N. Cortina. But for the gallantry of our forces in repelling this combined attack, the Empire would at this time have had upon the left bank of the river bitter enemies instead of warm friends. To-morrow afternoon, at 4 o'clock, I will do myself the honor of calling upon you with my staff, hoping by that time to find you in some measure relieved from the more pressing duties of your responsible position.

Permit me, general, to reiterate the assurance of my high consideration and respect,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

