
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Matamoras, September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General T. F. DRAYTON,

Commander-in-Chief, Western Sub-District:

GENERAL: I have received at this instant your estimable congratulations for my arrival on the right shore of the Bravo, whither I have come to plant the standard of the Empire. The political significance of this flag is known to you, general. It means pease and progress within my country, cordiality and friendly relations in the exterior, protection to commerce and industry, respect to property, and the most ample guarantees to the citizens of all countries who come to develop in our territory the fruits of their toil. You can, therefore, rest assured as to the security which your fellow-citizens will enjoy hereafter on the right bank of the river. I shall deem it a great honor to receive you with your staff to-morrow at 4 o'clock in the evening, as you have been so kind as to propose, and, subsequently, I purpose to reciprocate this your polite earnest of friendship.

Be pleased to accept, general, the assurances of my affectionate sentiments and most distinguished consideration,

THOS. MEJIA,

Commanding General of New Leon, Coahuila, and Matamoras.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Numbers 85. In the Field, October 1, 1864.

I. Major James M. Elliston, chief quartermaster, will purchase, without delay, six mules, for the purpose of hauling artillery. Should it be impossible to purchase, Major Elliston will impress immediately the number required for temporary use, to be returned to the owners as soon as possible.

II. Captain McNally's battery will constitute a part of Major Blocher's battalion of artillery. Captain McNally will report to Major Blocher with his battery to-morrow evening after the march.

III. Section two of Captain Zimmerman's battery is hereby ordered back to the battalion of artillery of which it constitutes a part. Lieutenant Upchurch, commanding section, will report to Major Blocher to-morrow evening with his battery.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMAKUKE'S DIVISION,Union, Franklin County, October 1, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: General Clark with his brigade entered this place about 4 p. m., meeting about 150 militia. Lost 3 men killed, and killed some 15 militia. The rest fled toward Washington. Since my arrival here I learn that the militia from the west are ordered to Saint Louis; that some 300 are now in Washington en route to Saint Louis. I have sent a force to Washington to secure boats, surprise whatever force may be

