
there, and occupy that place. In case the boats are secured I will push up an additional force to make the possession safe, otherwise I will await at this point General Price's further orders. General Cabell with his brigade is just in from Franklin. Reports a successful occupation of that town and afterward driven from it. He thinks the Federals now occupy in force that place. Shelby is camped near. All approaches are well guarded. I have just learned unofficially that Colonel Wood has destroyed the bridge over the Meramec at Moselle.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I inclose late papers.

J. S. M.

O. A. K.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., October 1, 1864.

TO THE MEMBERS OF THE ORDER OF

AMERICAN KNIGHTS OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI:

SIR KNIGHTS: Morning dawneth. General Price with at least 20,000 veteran soldiers is now within your State. Through your supreme commander (and with the approbation of the supreme council) you invited him to come to your aid. He was assured that if he come at this time with the requisite force you would co-operate and add at least 20,000 true men to his army. He has hearkened to your prayer and is now battling for your deliverance. Sons of Liberty, will you falsify your plighted word? I know you will not. You are strong in numbers-full 30,000 strong-and your influence is potent. It requires but prompt action on the part of the members to insure the ultimate triumph of our cause. As you value your property, your liberties, your lives, and your sacred honor, fail not to give a helping hand in this crisis. Under and by virtue of the authority vested in me by section-of the code of the O. A. K.s, authorizing the appointment of a major-general to command the members called into the military service, I shall appoint that brave and true soldier, Missouri's favorite son, Major General Sterling Price, military commander of the O. A. K.s of the State of Missouri.

All able-bodied men of the O. A. K.s are hereby called upon and required to render military service in behalf of our cause. All true knights will yield prompt obedience to the orders and commands of General Price. Meantime do all possible damage to the enemy. Seize all arms and munitions of war within your power. Take possession of and hold all important places you can, and recruit as rapidly as possible. If you cannot sustain yourselves fall back upon the army of occupation. In townships and counties where you cannot concentrate on account of the presence of the enemy repair singly or in squads without delay to the army, or to points where your brethren may be marshaling their forces, and in all cases be ready to obey the commands of your chieftain and unite with the forces when an opportune moment officers. Ye knights, who belong to the militia, a change of government is now impending and you possess peculiar advantages for doing good service, and it is believed you will not fail to act efficiently. You joined the militia that you might the better protect yourselves under Radical rule. Now prepare to strike with the victorious hosts

