
under General Price and aid in the redemption of the State. Already hundreds of militiamen, arms in hands, have taken position beside the brave and gallant soldiers under General Price. In no event permit yourselves to be arrayed against your brethren. I enjoin it upon the district and county commanders and the grand seniors to be vigilant and active in the discharge of their respective duties. Let each one feel that upon him depends the successful issue of this contest, and that it is a paramount duty to immediately enter the service. I address you perhaps for the last time. You have honored me and given me your confidence. I have endeavored to merit as I appreciate that consideration. Danger has not deterred me from the discharge of duty, and the period of my intercourse and calibers with your and brethren of other States I shall ever revert to with feelings of pleasurable emotion. I have rejoiced to note the unanimity of sentiment and earnestness of purpose evinced to put forth every effort, with force of arms if need be, to establish the great principles of liberty and free government and States rights, so soon as the event which is upon us transpired. Brethren, the time for action has come. We must now meet the hosts of the tyrant in the field and sustain our friends and our cause. Be assured I shall buckle on my armor, and I trust I shall greet many thousands of you in the camp of our friends. If we do not sustain General Price, and our cause in consequence fails, all will be lost. We must fight. Honor and patriotism demand it. Then remember your solemn oaths. Remember the sacred obligations resting upon you and resolve, individually and collectively, to do your duty knowing it full well.

Until otherwise ordered headquarters of the O. A. K.s will be hereafter in the army of General Price.

All officers of the O. A. K.s are charged to use the utmost dispatch in communicating this letter to the members. Absence from the city prevented an earlier issue of this communication. Remember our motto: "Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God."

Given under my hand and seal of the O. A. K.s of the State of Missouri, this 1st day of October, A. D. 1864.

JOHN H. TAYLOR,

Supreme Commander of the State of Missouri.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,

Numbers 37. One Mile West of Moro, October 2, 1864.

This division will continue to move every morning at daylight until they reach Camden. Brigadier-General Tappan and Colonel Gause, moving in advance, will alternate daily. Brigadier-General McNair and Hawthorn, moving in the rear, will alternate likewise. It is enjoined upon all brigade commanders to move promptly at daylight to avoid delaying the commands behind them.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN COUNTY, MO., October 2, 1864-9 p. m.

General S. PRICE:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am much obliged by the regard shown me in your urging me to-day to avoid the risks of being in the advance of your

