
army, but on mature reflection I have concluded to remain with General Shelby. I trust my whole career heretofore will show that I am above any vulgar desire for a reputation for mere animal courage or recklessness at the expense of duty, but in an army endeavoring to restore him to the executive chair the proper place of a Governor of Missouri is in the front; besides, as I have taken it heretofore, a change now might be misconstrued, and official caution should not go to the extent of effecting personal character, so necessary in the executive of a people who can recover their liberties only by risking their lives and fortunes. General Shelby suggests that Coffee's regiment and Slayback's battalion be formed into a command for General Thompson. Permit me to urge this on you. It would give me personally great pleasure.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS.
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, Mo., [October 2, 1864]-1 p.m.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Army of Missouri;

GENERAL: I have learned from two sources that the enemy are landing in some force seven miles above here at Newport. I am moving up with Marmaduke's brigade on the river road to engage them. Have ordered Colonel Freeman back on your route, as I fear I cannot take care of it on this. I think you had better throw a force toward Newport, as the enemy may march from Newport to Union (a good road) and thus separate us.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S BRIGADE,October 2, 1864-8.15 a. m.

Major EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: My troops have just taken possession of Washington. The enemy crossed the river. The ferry-boat was sent to Saint Charles last night, the citizens say.

Respectfully,

JNO. B. CLARK, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Camp Numbers 12, October 2, 1864.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: After leaving Fredericktown I marched immediately on Farmington, and from there, after repairing the axle of one of my rifled guns which had broken down, I hurried on to the railroad, and on the night of the 26th I lay within hearing of the impatient whistle of the locomotives and the thunder of the heavy trains.

62 R R-VOL XLI, PT III.

