
Let the loyal people of Howard hold up their heads once more and give the rebels a severe lesson. Maintain the best discipline among your troops. Mount your men on the horses of the disloyalists. Receipt for them yourself, to be returned when the emergency requiring their use is past. Let us have a good report from you, major.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] FIELD HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF KANSAS.

Camp at Chalk Creek,on Solomon River, September 7, 1864

For the purpose of dividing forces so as to make further search after hostile Indians, the company of Pawnee Scout is attached to the battalion of Colonel Summers; and Major R. H. Hunt will also transfer a mountain howitzer from the First to the Second Battalion. The commanders of battalions will divide the company's supplies and be ready to march at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning-the First Battalion eastward and the Second, under direction of General Mitchell, westward.

S. R. CURTIS.

Major-General

DENVER, COLO. TER., September 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Pray give positive orders for our Second Colorado Cavalry to come out. Have notice published that they will come in detachments to escort trains up the Platte on certain days. Unless escorts are sent them we will evidently have a famine in addition to this gigantic Indian war. Flour is $45 a barrel, and the supply growing scarce, with none on the way. Through spies we get knowledge of the plan of about 1,000 warriors in camp to strike our frontier settlements in small bands simultaneously in the night for an extent of 300 miles. It was frustrated at the time, but we have to fear another such attempt soon. Pray give the order for our troops to come, as requested, at once, or it will be too late for trains to come this season.

JOHN EVANS

Governor of Colorado Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO.

Fort Union, N. Mex., September 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,Fort Canby, N. Mex.;

SIR: Send at once to Fort Union three of the weakest companies of your garrison. These companies will be on foot, but if they have horse equipage and you have a sufficiency of transportation send the equipage with them. Let every man able to travel, prisoners and all, be sent. I wish the march to be made via Albuquerque, and as quickly as possible. From Pino's Ranch the troops will march via the Rock Corral. The troops are greatly needed here on account of the hostilities of the Indians of the plains. The companies will bring all their ordnance and ordnance stores.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

