HEADQUARTERS JACKMAN'S BRIGADE,October 3, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding Army of Missouri:

SIR: I have just been informed of the arrest by your order of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols and detail under his charge during the afternoon. Thinking that you labored under a misapprehension of the facts, and wishing to set Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols and myself right before you, I most respectfully submit the following statement:

Soon after reaching camp last evening I learned that there was a store about four miles distant well supplied with goods necessary for the army, and especially boots and shoes. I determined to take possession of it for the benefit of the command should I obtain the consent of Brigadier-General Shelby. Calling upon him during the evening, I represented the matter to him, and obtained his cheerful consent to my sending out a scout for the purpose. In order that no violence might be done I placed the detail under the charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, one of the best officers in the brigade, and gave him instructions to hold his men well in hand and prevent all depredations of whatever kind. In addition, I ordered a quartermaster to accompany Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, who was to take charge of the goods obtained for the benefit of the Government and report them, through Major R. J. Lawrence, to Major Brinker. Before starting Colonel Nichols I called the field and line officers of my command together and gave them the orders upon the subject of violence to private citizens and their property which I had just received through General Shelby from you. In the lecture that I gave them accompanying those orders I attempted to impress upon them the injustice that was thus inflicted upon citizens of the country and the serious injury that this unlicensed course was likely to visit upon the general cause, and called upon them as officers who had the good of the public service at heart to join me in an effort to suppress the system. I know that my feelings met a genuine response from Colonel Nichols, and I am satisfied that he would not, with or without orders, lend aid or countenance to so baneful a practice. If these facts, general, are satisfactory to your mind I trust that you will see proper to release Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols from arrest, and that you will permit my quartermaster to take charge of the goods for the benefit of the command.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-Since writing the above Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols has reported, yet I am unwilling to withhold this statement, as I am anxious to satisfy your mind fully, if possible, that there was no design on my part or that of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols to violate orders or commit a wrong against private individuals.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. JACKMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[OCTOBER 4, 1864.-For Taylor to Bragg, relating to pardon of deserters by General Smith, &amp;c., with indorsements, see Part I, p. 121.]

