
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 78. Shreveport, La., October 4, 1864.

For the purpose of calling promptly into the field all detailed men they will be classified as follows: First class, artisans and mechanics; second class, clerks, contractors, and all others.

II. The order making the detail must designate the class to which the man belongs.

III. Brigadier General E. Greer, superintendent of the bureau of conscription, will assign to commands in the field those who have been or may be detailed by his authority. Every detailed man must belong to some organization, and in cases of conscripts copies of the detail and assignment, with a descriptive roll, must be forwarded to the company commander, who will take the man up on this rolls.

IV. Applications for details must state that the services of the man applied for are indispensably necessary, and if the man is absent from his command, must state the authority for this absence.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,

Numbers 38. Camden, October 4, 1864.

The division will continue to move in the direction of Prairie D'Ane to-morrow morning at the usual hour and in the order as heretofore directed. The division will move every morning without further orders. Upon leaving Camden the command will take the Prairie D'Ane road. Brigade commanders will instruct their inspectors to report to report to Captain Sevier, assistant inspector-general of division, upon the day previous to the arrival of the command at Prairie D'Ane for the purpose of selecting encampments for the several brigades.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Hermann, October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: I have reached this place, having entered it last night. The enemy offered a slight resistance, but were soon driven away. We captured I piece of artillery, 3 trains of cars, 250 Sharps rifles, &amp;c., here. I will continue to push on, to complete the work required of me. I hear the Gasconade bridge is strongly guarded, and that all means of crossing that river have been destroyed, and that the river is not fordable for twenty miles above its mouth. Hence, after destroying the bridge I will be forced to move up the river so that I can cross. General Price can therefore estimate the time it will take for me to join him. The roads are exceedingly rough, in bad condition, and my men and horses are much wearied. I learn that General Brown (perhaps General Pleasonton) is in command at Jefferson City, where the Federals are certainly sending their troops. A negro regiment went up three days ago to that point, and I learn of troops coming from Lexington,

