
Warrensburg, and other places to that point. The river is low, but navigable. The railroad track in my rear has been thoroughly destroyed. I do not know what force, if any, are moving westward from the direction of Saint Louis. I do not think with the force I have, and pushing so close up into the angle between the Gasconade and the Missouri, that my position is a safe one, unless a force is placed to hold the lowest fordable crossing and ready to be thrown to my assistance.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.

EN ROUTE TO LINN, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the railroad bridge over the Gasconade was burned this morning. I will be at or in vicinity of Linn to-night with my command.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Camp Numbers 14, October 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: I arrived at Linn yesterday evening, where I divided my force, sending Colonel Shanks with three regiments and a section of artillery to the railroad bridge over the Osage River, with instructions to destroy it completely and entirely. With the remainder of my force I moved out on the road to Westphalia, where I am informed there are two regiments of militia stationed. From all the information I can gain I am led to believe that they have only a small force at Jefferson City unless they have re-enforced within the last day or two. The lowest place at which the Osage can be crossed is two miles above Castle Rock, where, as I am informed, we will have no difficulty in fording. I will move to that point, awaiting the arrival of Colonel Shanks at some point between Westphalia and Castle Rock. It is rumored that Ewing with the forces which he took from Pilot Knob is at Vienna. I will be able to learn more about it to-day, and will dispatch to you in reference to it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,Camp Jumper, October 6, 1864.

Captain M. L. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform General Maxey that division headquarters have been established at this camp. The Choctaw brigade (excepting Chickasaw regiment and McCurtain's battalion) is

