
here, also Wells' battalion and Howell's battery. First Indian Brigade moves to-morrow (7th) eastward from Camp Bragg to the North Fork road. This camp (Jumper) is eight miles east of Perryville, fifteen miles southeast of the pass at Laksi Albano (forks of the North Fork and old Fort Smith road), and of the gap south of that place through which the Arbuckle and Fort Smith road (known as the Powell road) passes; and about eight miles from the crossing of Brushy on the Perryville and Riddle Station road. All these roads in my front are properly guarded. Scouts out toward Gibson and Fort Smith to collect information. A company of the First Choctaw War Regiment is detached as guard at Perryville Depot and to picket the road to Camp Bragg, and scout the surrounding country for the protection of the post against stragglers and thieves. I believe all necessary precautions have been taken to obtain information and guard against surprise. Future operations will depend upon information gathered as to condition of the enemy at Gibson and Fort Smith and movements in Arkansas. The Kansas expedition ordered by General Smith hangs on the question of "spoils." General Watie thinks it will probably fail under present instructions and orders relative to captured property. Would it not be well to start a small select party under an enterprising officer to break up Walnut Creek and other frontier settlements in Southwest Kansas? It would create a sensation and aid General Price. The Chickasaw regiment has been allowed to remain at Cochran's for reorganization, in accordance with suggestions of Colonel Lee, and to watch the wild Indians until plans are further developed. That regiment scouts to Seminole Agency, and via mouth Little River into Creek Nation. McCurtain's battalion is stationed near Holston's place picketing the roads to Fort Smith. Men of Creek and Seminole regiments unfit for duty for want of arms and having poor horses are detailed and ordered to drive out beef for the use of the army, of which there are immense herds between Canadian and Deep Fork. I have again to call General Maxey's attention to the destitute condition of the Choctaw brigade. They are without axes with which to get wood, and unless clothing and axes can be furnished it will be impossible to keep them in the field much longer. We have already had frost in these mountains. The majority of Watie's men are supplied with clothing, the clothing taken from the captured train having been distributed among them, Gano's brigade, and Howell's battery. I would advise the accumulation of two months' supplies for the Choctaw brigade at Jack's Fork Depot or Lennox Mission, and also a sufficiency at Jack's Fork for the Choctaw refugees; supplies will be safe there and convenient to them.

If the enemy advances toward Fulton or Washington in heavy force, and move especially if he crosses Red River, all the Choctaw troops will be needed in the northeast corner of the nation. Their presence will indispensable to overawe the band of traitors among them who have endeavored at every advance of the enemy of open negotiations with him. Supplies for Watie's brigade will be needed at Perryville until 1st December, unless he moves off north. Referring to a former letter relative to winter quarters, I have to recommend the accumulation of supplies at Boggy Depot for my division during the winter, including corn enough to keep up a squadron of cavalry with each brigade and Well's battalion for pickets and scouts. Other horses to be sent back to forage camps in Texas. I desire to build huts and encamp the command on Little and Middle Boggy, Fort Smith road,

