
pioneers ahead with spades the bank can soon be made in good condition. I send you a dispatch from Colonel Gordon, who was sent to Castle Rock, but I do not place much reliance upon it. Ewing no doubt is there, but I do not believe the other.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,October 6, 1864.

Colonel MACLEAN:

I found and attacked immediately after crossing the river detachments from the First, Fourth, and Seventh Missouri Cavalry, numbering 1,000. I have driven them three miles, killed and wounded a good many, besides capturing many arms. My loss is very slight, but I fear the heroic Colonel Shanks is mortally wounded. I am still in line of battle.

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT.,

Numbers 79. Shreveport, La., October 7, 1864.

Surg. D. W. Yandell is relieved from duty as medical director of this department.

Surg. S. A. Smith is announced as medical director; until further orders he will continue to discharge the duties of medical director of hospitals.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 7, 1864.

Major C. S. WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Austin, Tex.:

MAJOR: Some days since I telegraphed you through Colonel Hutchins to remain at Austin until further orders. Colonel Hutchins was directed to forward the telegram. I desired you to represent me in Austin at the meeting of the Legislature, which convenes on the 17th instant. The three matters which I wished to bring to your notice are the frontier organization, the penitentiary, and the cotton question. The latter has, to my great relief, been disposed of at Richmond, and has been placed under charge of Judge Gray, Treasury agent. This, you know, I have repeatedly urged upon the President and the Department. They have now acceded to my request and sent full instructions on the subject. I wish you would frankly lay my views before the Governor and the leading members of the Legislature, in regard to the Frontier Regiment and the penitentiary. My requests are both reasonable and proper, and the necessity is so apparent that I trust you may have no difficulty in its satisfactory adjustment. Major Garey has inclosed you papers explaining the workings of the Texas penitentiary, exhibiting the large and unreasonable profits demanded by that institution from the Confederate Government. The fabrics manufactured

