
and bought by the Clothing Bureau go almost exclusively to the Texas troops, and I feel assured that when this matter is brought before the Governor and the representatives of the State of Texas, that a charge will be made in the policy of the institution toward the General Government, more in keeping with the self-sacrificing spirit and patriotism with which its people have supported the war. I will forward your letters from General Greer explaining the whole question of frontier defense. I desire the Governor to give up his plans for the defense of the frontier, and leave it to the military authorities of the Confederate States, who are properly responsible; at least that he will limit his efforts to organizations made up of men under the age of seventeen and over that of fifty. Under the law all within the ages of seventeen and fifty are placed in the Confederate service, and can be justly claimed by its officers. Under the present arrangement it will be seen by reference to General Greer's papers difficulties are continually occurring, threatening to result in misunderstanding and collision between the State and Confederate authorities. The frontier counties under the present system are, moreover, a grand city of refuge where thousands of able-bodied men have flocked to escape service in the Confederate Army. This will continue to be the case until the conscript service is uniformly administered throughout the State, without exempting any portion of her territory from its exercise. I will order the Frontier Regiment to the frontier. This will save the State the annual expenditure of a large sum, will increase the effective force in the field by some thousands, and will prevent any possible misunderstanding or collision between the State and Government officers. You can say to the Governor that fourteen years' service in the frontier of Texas entitles my opinion to some weight, and that I believe the Frontier Regiment adequate for the protection of that section from Indian depredations. In addition, under the conscript law the Reserve Corps will be organized in the frontier counties, and will always be held ready as a support to the Frontier Regiment. Under instructions from the War Department of August 3, the procurement of cotton and the purchase of supplies therewith is placed in the Treasury Department under Judge Gray. Broadwell will be relieved. Hutchins takes control of the bureau which becomes a Treasury agency and he an agent of the Treasury. The President's new regulations to be immediately put into operation. Instructions from the War and Treasury Departments direct the purchase and, if necessary, the impressment of cotton. The order publishing the President's regulations and transferring to Judge Gray the control of cotton is in the hands of the printer; it revokes General Order 35. I will inclose you a copy as soon as published.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 7, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to instruct you to send Harrison's brigade of cavalry to Alexandria, La., to report to Major-General Buckner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

