
under convoy of gun-boats, passed up the Mississippi River from Morganza, La. I am directed by the major-general commanding to say he desires you to obtain without delay all the information you can as to their destination, and to find out what has become of them, reporting promptly whatever information you may be in possession of relative to these troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Numbers 61.* Fort Towson, C. N., October 7, 1864.

IV. Major William B. Krumbhaar, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., having been ordered by Special Orders, Numbers 229, paragraph X, headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, to report to the major-general commanding this district for assignment, is hereby announced as chief of artillery of this district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

V. All reports, returns, requisitions, and other business pertaining to the artillery service of this district will be addressed to the chief of artillery.

VI. Major Krumbhaar will keep his officer at district headquarters.

VII. First Lieutenant Thomas C. Herndon, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., in addition to his duties as drill master, is assigned the duties of assistant to the chief of artillery.

By order of S. B. Maxey, major-general, commanding:

M. L. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ONE MILE AND A HALF FROM DIXON,

October 7, 1864.

Colonel MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Enemy in force on my right beyond Moreau [Creek.] A few shots from Zimmerman's battery have driven him away. They seemed to be moving by the left flank and in direction of the River Osage. I am pressing on with my advance toward Jefferson City. As yet resistance slight.

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 8, 1864.-For Smith to Davis, relating to disposition of forces after failure to cross the Mississippi, and other matters, see Part I, p. 122.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 8, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inclose you two orders.+ The movement to Harrison's brigade is made in virtue

---------------

* For paragraphs I, II, and III, see Part I, p. 793.

+ Not found.

---------------

