
MILWAUKEE, September 7, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Two companies left yesterday for Saint Paul. See that they are not delayed at Prescott.

J. F. MELINE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.

City Point:

Telegram was sent yesterday morning to stop Smith at Cairo till Sherman could be heard from. Telegram sent to him at same time.

H. W. HALLECK

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES.

Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 8, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that an armed body of Mexican troops have landed on the American shore of the Rio Grande River, about fifteen miles from these headquarters. These troops are commanded by General Cortina, Governor of Tamaulipas, whom I have seen in person, and from him learn that it is his desire to receive protection from the U. S. authorities. An order has been sent to him, demanding an immediate surrender of his ordnance and ordnance stores to my command, after which I shall give him the protection that he desires. A copy of the order is herewith transmitted for your information. This letter will be delivered by Major George A. Day, provost-marshal of this district, who will give you any information. This letter will be delivered by Major George A. Day provost-marshal of this district who will give you any information you may desire as he is in full possession of the facts in this case. I respectfully request that instructions be furnished me for this class of refugees.

Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

H. M. DAY.

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES.

Brazos Santiago, Tex., September 8, 1864.

General CORTINA

Commanding Mexican Forces:

GENERAL: It has come to my knowledge that you have landed on the territory of the United States with an armed force. I have no doubt but that you have done so on account of the concentration of the forces of the enemies of the Mexican Republic on Matamoras. If that is the case, you are welcome; also your people that are with you. Your arms, ammunition, and warlike stores must at once be surrendered to the U. S. forces. When you have complied with the above

