
of instructions from department headquarters. The brigade of Colonel Parsons will be directed to proceed at once to Warren and take post there, relieving from that point Colonel Harrison's brigade at Monticello. Two regiments of Parsons' brigade will be posted by you at Mount Elba. The major-general commanding directs that you halt Hardeman's brigade at some point on the line between Camden and Red River via Lewisville, at which you can subsist your men from Lewisville, draw forage from Red River, and where your horses can get good grazing. You will select some point having these three things in view and at which the purposes can best [be] attained. As soon as you have located Hardeman's brigade and given the necessary orders the major-general commanding desires you to join him at Camden. The major-general commanding wishes you to forward the inclosed orders at once and give the necessary orders for the movement. In selecting a point at which to halt Hardeman's brigade you need not go farther from the present line of march than may be necessary to secure the three objects above mentioned. The major-general commanding thinks that you can make these dispositions and be at his headquarters by day after to-morrow evening.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHELBY'S BRIGADE,

California Road, near Jefferson, October 8, 1864-daybreak.

Brigadier General JOSEPH O. SHELBY, C. S. Army,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: All is quiet in our front. The scout under McDaniel returned several hours ago. He burned the water-station and three small bridges over Graves' Creek on the Pacific Railroad. There was no guard at either. Several trains were heard to go into Jefferson after we reached the place, but none to go out.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMSON,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Guard, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to forward the official report of Brigadier General Stand Watie of the operations of his brigade in the recent raid north of the Arkansas River.* This paper, like everything else he writes, is sensible and to the point. I inclose my General Orders, No. 61,+ in relation to operations in this district. I inclose copy of letter from Brigadier General D. G. Cooper to me, under date 6th instant,++ covering several points. The destitute condition of the Choctaw troops is referred to. Watie's brigade, Howell's battery, and Gano's brigade were partially supplied by the recent raid with clothing. The Choctaws were not in that raid. Had they been, I am inclined to think, from my experience, they would have saved the Government much trouble on the clothing question. So much as relates to the disposition of the

---------------

* See Part I, p. 784.

+ See Part I, p. 793.

++ See p. 982.

---------------

