
Choctaw brigade is in reference to a letter of mine on that subject. General Smith doubtless knows that there are two main roads leading through the Territory, one by way of Fort Gibson to Preston, one from Fort Smith to the same point. These two roads run together between Perryville and Boggy Depot. As the enemy has garrisons at Fort Smith and Fort Gibson, it will, of course, be necessary to guard these roads and our deports, for which purpose I designed to put the Choctaw brigade in winter quarters, at the proper time, at some eligible camp having reference to these objects. Axes will be necessary to make cantonments. I respectfully ask for them. Cavalry in force cannot be kept so far to the front, hence horse camps will have to be established at suitable points in Texas. I shall try and get corn to Boggy Depot, which, with the hay saved, I hope will keep up a sufficient amount of cavalry for scouts and pickets. It will be seen that a number of men are without arms. This, I suppose, is unavoidable, as the department can't help us. I hope the efforts I am making will secure the guns for the Indian troops from the other side promised by the President.

I call attention to so much as relates to the expedition of General Watie. If his movement into Kansas is successful it will be a diversion in Price's favor, and I don't think the Government should be rigid about the captured property. It will not be captured unless the expedition goes, and "spoils" are unquestionably a great incentive to Indian troops; besides, in Kansas there is no danger of a mistake. I hope General Smith will give this question his serious attention and an early reply, as time is precious. In the meantime I will direct the preparations pushed on, and if a full expedition cannot be got a smaller one may be started, which will not make this a point.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Smith's communication of the 3rd of October, in which he states that he thinks my estimate of Steele's troops large, and that he would not place his effective force at more than 20,000 effective, excluding Grierson. He states further, as follows, viz:

I inclose you a copy of the report referred to from Captain Jones, in which he estimates the troops on the transports at 6,000 or 7,000, not 10,000.

I have before me a letter from Captain P. H. Thomson, assistant adjutant-general, written by order of General Smith, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 15, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to say that reliable information from the enemy's lines at Morganza, La., shows that at least 10,000 men have passed that point on their way to re-enforce Steele in Arkansas. They passed Morganza on the day and night of the 7th instant.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

