HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 9, 1864.

Colonel McNEILL,

Commanding Cavalry, Mount Elba:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that re-enforcements will be sent you to-morrow. If forced to retreat, and cannot fall back on Warren, you can fall back on the Chambersville road. Parsons' cavalry brigade will be at the pontoon at Marine Saline or at Longview, or that neighborhood. Half of Madison's command will be sent toward Mount Elba.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 9, 1864.

Colonel J. L. LOGAN,

Commanding Cavalry, near Benton:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant, and to inform you that the enemy, 1,600 strong, with six pieces of artillery, in two columns, advanced upon Monticello and Mount Elba on the 8th instant. Colonel Harrison, commanding cavalry brigade, was forced back from Monticello in the direction of Hamburg. The enemy's force consisted of cavalry and artillery, and is no doubt the advance guard of the forces of which you speak. You will move to Princeton by such route as you may think best, but as this may possibly be a real advance of the enemy you will ascertain as you move to Princeton whether they have advanced beyond Mount Elba in force. You will proceed to Camden by the best route you can, moving as rapidly as possible. You will keep up constant communication with these headquarters, sending forward promptly all information of the enemy's positions, strength, probable intentions, &amp;c., which you may be able to learn.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S DIVISION,Boonville, October 9, 1864.

Colonel L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Missouri:

COLONEL: I struck the Federal pickets this evening at about an hour by sun; charged them into town with my whole brigade, and after a thirty minutes' fight 300 Federals (militia and home guards) laid down their arms, with new cartridge-boxes and belts. These 300 stand of arms with their accouterments will be invaluable to us at this time. My loss was one man slightly wounded.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

63 R R-VOL XLI, PT III.

