
with Confederate money necessary to carry on the affairs of the district, I shall not be hampered by regulations and orders applicable enough if I had a full military chest and a healthy currency, but which would be oppressive and inexpedient in our present destitute condition.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 10, 1864.

Colonel McNEILL,

Commanding Regiment, Mount Elba:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches, and in reply to inform you that Lane's brigade and a section of artillery have been ordered to Mount Elba to your support. Colonel Parsons has also been directed to proceed to Mount Elba via Warren with his whole brigade, except one regiment, which he has been directed to order to report to Colonel Harrison at Monticello. Colonel Crump, commanding Lane's brigade, has been ordered to attack the enemy if on this side of the river, and if he should have progressed toward Warren to get in his rear and rout him, and also should the enemy's cavalry have passed down to Monticello to attack Harrison to communicate with Harrison, cross the river at Mount Elba, and attack the enemy in rear. He has been informed that you have probably fallen back four miles on the Warren road, though you don't state which road you have taken. He has been directed also, when at Mount communicate with him at once by courier.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 10, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry, near Magnolia:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Harrison's brigade is still at Monticello. The commanding general has sent two regiments of Lane's brigade under Lieutenant-Colonel Crump, Lieutenant-Colonel Madison being sick, to re-enforce McNeill's regiment, Harrison's brigade, at Mount Elba, the enemy being 1,500 strong, within ten miles of that place. Steele having moved, as reported, most of his force to Pine Bluff, direct Parsons' brigade cavalry to march by the nearest route, via Warren, to Mount Elba, detaching one regiment to re-enforce Colonel Harrison at Monticello. The commanding general will issue the same orders by courier from here, and will suspend the order for the relief of Harrison's brigade has been ordered toward Warren to protect the sick and trains on that road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

