THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1854.
New Series......No. 99.
vote agnlnst wuch a policy; and I shall ttare£5re
ask for the yeas and nays upon the bill.
Mr. EVANS. It is well, before acting on these
. matters, that we should understand them. Now,
I should be gfad to know what amount is likely
to be derived exclusively from this source ? It is
proposed to give the contract for five years at the
rate of §500,000 a year; thatis, $2,500,000for the
five years. I do not suppose that it is possible
that $50,000 per annum will be returned from the
postages; or even say $100,000. i do not believe
that one half that sum will be returned. Then the
| When such facilities are denied the people !
i whom { repre.sent here, I will not vote to appro- !
; priate these extraordinary sums to carry foreign '
j mails. Why, sir, it is but a day or two since \ i
j applied to the Post Office Department for the es-
! tablishment of a little post office in Mississippi, i
i and 1 was told that they would establish the post I
| office, but that they thought it exceedingly uncer- 1
| tain whether they co'tld supply it with a mail!
; Now, sir, I a<sk southern gentlemen, and west-
I ern gentlemen, whether these heavy sums are to
j be drawn from the national Tieasury to establish
balance, $450,000, is to be paid out of the puhhc j! mails between foreign points and commercial
Treasury, upon a mere scheme, a mere adventure, j! cities on the Atlantic and Pacific sea-board, when
I had occasion a year ago to look into the Post
Office arrangements, and 1 found, as the result,
that we already pay for transportation by steam-
boats, by mail steamers, an average cost of twenty
cents a mile, and these ocean steamers cost &2 50
a mile. Now, sir, instead of reducing; the expense,
this enormous expense, which draws already
$2,000,000 from the Treasury, you are going to
add to it; and here our own people at an expense
of fifteen or twenty cents a mile cannot get post
office accommodation, when you are giving $2 50
a mile in order to transport emp'y mails across
the Pacific.
Mr. GWIN. In the first instance, I will in-
form the Senator that this service is not to exceed
$500,000 a year. It is open to competition, and
it is to be given to the lowest bidder. In the
second place, the Senator is greaily mistaken in
regard to the amount of postage. The amount
coming from the Sandwich Islands alone, will be
equal to that sum. We have five hundred whale
ships, and thousands of American citizens whose
correspondence is now all subject to chance. There
is no village in the United States, with three hun-
dred people, but has a post office; and you have
on the ocean tens of thousands of American citi-
zens carrying on the commerce of the country
and increasing us wealth, without having mail
facilities. I undertake to say, that the postages
on the route will be vastly above the amount
stated by the Senator. The intercourse between
Asia, China, and British India, and the rest of the
world, will pass over this line. We shall soon
have a telegraphic communication with San Fran-
cisco; and m that way the whole communication
from the continent of Asia, on the Pacific coast,
will pabs over this line to Europe and other sec-
tions of the world. I have very littledoubt in my
own mind, that in a very short time the postages
will pay the expense of the route.
Mr. EVANS. I desire merely to say that, upon
reference to the Post Office leturns, it will be found
that all the postage derived from California does
not amount to $100,000.
Mr. GWIN. Why, sir, I have a distinct rec-
ollection that it amounted to $400,000 four years
ago.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I will vote !
against this proposition. Indeed, 1 have never
reconciled it to my notions of right to establish
these ocean steamers at all, as mere mail steamers.
Wherever there is commerce, there will be com-
munication; and I am willing to authoiize the
Postmaster General to make his contracts, and
establish his routes; let him employ mail service
thereat? he does elsewhere. Bat as to paying these
extraordinary sums to have the mail carried be-
tween particular points, I am getting tired of it.
We are now paying, I believe, about $2,250,000
a year for ocean steamers out of the port of New
York alone. For steamers from the port of New
Orleans, the great commercial emporium of the
South, we are paying but §75.000 a year, and it
is positively true to-day, that between the great
commercial cities of the West—Pittsburg, Louis-
ville, St. Louis, and Cincinnati—and "the great
commercial city of the South, New Orleans, you
have no mail connection at all, but the mail is
trusted to the mere hazards of the hour. Though
your Postmaster General has authority to make
a contract for that service, he never has done it;
and the southern and western members have been
■wholly unable to urge him into making it.
99
we can get none of the ordinary facilities within
our own limits5 There are no less than fifty post !
offices on the Mississippi river, between the city :
of Louisville and the city of New Orleans, which \
are almost entirely destitute of mail facilities to- j
day, and we can get no appropriation made to ;
have the mail earned upon that great uver. Gen- i
j tlemen who are familiar with the topography of j!
! that country, know that it is utterly impossible ;!
i to approach it from the interior. Deep swamps,
| everglades, barriers which cannot be overcome
! by land travel, cut off all mad facilities from the
i interior; and such is the nilgai dly conduct of the
I Department, that we cannot uige them into the
1 establishment of a mail on that great river for the
i accommodation of the people who live there. And
i what is their commerce? What is the value of
j the productions of their labor? It amounts to
! hundreds and hundreds of thousands, and even
| millions of dollars.
! Sir, whenever justice is done to the section of I
country whence i come I may look with a little I
mote liberal eye on these schemes for carrying the j
mail to Shanghai and Hong Kong, and all over I
creation. But I love the people near to my door !
better than I do the people in China, or Japan,or i
anywhere else. I would rather hear from them; !
I would rather they should hear from me; and I |
wish to give them the mail facilities necessary to j
keep up that neighborhood which should exist all 1
over our Union. 1 know very little of this par- \
ticular project, but I know that, a great many of
these schemes are but handmaids at last, to en- \
courage commerce between particular points. I j
know very well that several lines which run out ;
of New York—and especially one that has been
urged on us from year to year-—had nothing to I
do particularly with carrying the mail, but were !
intended for other purposes. I say nothing about !
this particular scheme. It may be all right; very :
likely it is; but I cannot vote for propositions of ,
this kind while common justice is denied to the ■
section from which { come.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, in answer to the !
: argument of the honorable Senator from Missis- \
S sippi, [ will say that if this bill passes it will not ■
i diminish a single iota of the mail facilities of the .
| southern section of the Union. :
| Mr. BROWN. 1 will say to my friend from ,
] Texas that I understand that perfectly well; but ;
i suppose I came here with a proposition to appro- j
; priate $500,000 out of the National Treasiwy to |
I carry the mail from Pittsburg to New Orleans, J
| would it eret any support ? j
; Mr. RUSK. If the Senator should convince me i
I that it wss a matter of as much importance to the i
| country generally as this, he would get my vote j
! for it. We do appropriate a large amount every 1
j year for mail services on the southern and west- J
! em waters; I admit the mail facilities there are ;
j not sufficient, and I am in favor of taking money i
out of the Treasury to inciease them. I am will- j
ing to take money from the Treasury to support j
the great line to svhich he has referred, until it ;
shall be able to pay its own expenses, which j
would be hut a "short time. I must say, however, j
that this bill will not make any difference in the '
mail facilities of the southern or northern section >
of the country; if we pass the bill it will not di- .
minisli them, and if we reject the biii it will not i
increase them. That objection, therefore, fails to j
the ground. j
Well, sir, we have a State on the Pacific ocean  !
and while I ask justice for the State that I represent,
I am disposed to do justice to our far off sister on
the Pacfic. It is true that, from her situation and
remote condition, California has demanded large,
appropiiations from the Treasury in her begin-"
ntng, but, at the same time, the industry of her
citizens, and the productions of her sod, have
made large returns to the Treasury of the United
Stales, and have added vastly to the prosperity of
the United States in general. By her acquisition
we opened to our commerce the whole Pacific
ocean. We have now obtainedHhe right of trade
with the ports of Japan. We have also a commer-
cial treaty with China. Is it then a matter of no
importance with us, in a national point of view.,
to secme this trade, or to do what is proper and
right to acquire a trade which has been sought
afterby all the commercial woiid, and has contrib-
uted largely to the wealth and strength of every
nation that has enjoyed it ?
* Why, sir, there is no State in the Union that
has less mail facilities than California, though I
believe it costs much to furnish them. She has
only twenty-six mails a year—one every two
weeks.
Mr. G WIN. From all the world.
Mr. RUSK. This, sir, is treated as a kind of
gratuity to California, as an experiment, and it
is said that no returns, in the way of postrge,
will come from it. Now, sir, we have a number
of hordy seamen in the Pacific ocean; we have
whalers e nd merchantmen there. If there is any
one class to whom we are indebted, perhaps
above any other, for national prosperity and the
means of defending ourselves upon the high seas,
the only point of danger, it is to the hardy fisher-
men, the hardy seamen of the country. I speak
this disinterestedly, for I come from the far South,
where we have none of them. Sir, i would vote
liberally to promote any scheme that should en-
courage their operations, and increase their num*-
ber, for we draw a large portion of our prosperity
from their hardy enterprise and industry. The,
more you increase ships and seamen, the -more
you reduce freight, and thus confer a great benefit
on the cotton growing States. Particularly am I
inclined to do this when we have a full and ovec.-
flowing Treasury, when the ports of the whole
East are open to us, and when effoits are being
made to connect the Atlantic with the Pacific by
bonds of iron. 1 know that the idea of having
a railroad to the Pacific is regarded by many a«
visionary, but I predict here, in my place, that
twelve years will not passover until we shall have
a railroad from here to the Pacific. Is it not,
then, an object worthy of consideration for us to
avail ourselves of this vast ocean, and the com-
merce of these countries which has enriched
every nation which obtained it? Is it a matter
of no importance to us to obtain the command of
that commerce? Is it an enoimous sum to expend
§2,500,000 in five years for an object of such
national importance? Open this commerce and
its benefits will be felt by every State in the Union,
especially the cotton growirg States of the South.
The statement of the honorable Senator from
California, who has a better means of knowledge
on the subject than 1 have, is, that §50,000 of post-
ages will be received from the Sandwich islands
alone, I have no doubt of it, and I believe, too*
that the Chinese will contribute a large amount
in postages. There are many Chinese in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. GWIN. Forty thousand of them.
Mr. RUSK. And do they not write?
Mr. GWIN. They are nearly always writing
letters. They are the greatest letter-writers in the
country.
Mr. RUSK. Well, sir, I am told they make
very excellent citizens, and «they are constantly
coming into California now with the present means .
of communication which they have. If these
steamships are established, a great many more of
them will come, and of course the correspondence
will increase in the same ratio. I have not made
calculations, but it is reasonable to suppose that a
considerably revenue will accrue from tb&t source.
