1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
It, is not on that ground merely that I maintain
the bill. It is because it provides for the exten-
sion of our commerce in an important quarter of
the world. It encourages that commerce, it will
have a beneficial effect on it, and, in my judg-
ment, a beneficial effect on the national interests
of the country; and I doubt not the duties col-
lected on the goods imported by the line, if estab-
lished, will not only defray the expenses, but be
a-source of large profits to the Treasury. We
have incurred great expense to open this com-
merce. W"ill you take no steps to encourage and
promote it? If we do not secure it, some other
nation iyill. For my part, sir, ,1 regard it as an
object of great national importance. The more
commerce we have in the Pacific, the more cer-
tainly and speedily shall we have a railroad to that
ocean, a thing so necessary in a national point of
view.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is quite evident, I think,
that we cannot dispose of this bill to-day. We
have important business to transact in Executive
session, •
Mr. GWIN. I think we can vote in a min-
ute.
Mr. CASS. We all understand the' question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we can take the vot£
I have no objection.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say a few words in
reply to the Senator from Texas. He draws a
picture of the progress which we have derived as
a nation from California. 1 certainly have not
undertaken to depreciate, here or anywheie else,
from that progress, but the nation is indebted also
for its prosperity to other sections of the country.
Louisiana and Mississippi yield something to the
national revenue. I think they yield very largely
to the national prosperity.
Mr. RUSK. Certainly, nobody denies it.
Mr. BROWN. And yet I stated the fact in
the few remarks which I submitted, and winch the
Senator overlooked entirely, that notwithstanding
we have been appealing from year to year in favor
of New Orleans as the great outlet of southern
trade, we have only been enabled to get one little
line established thereatacostof §75,000. I think
that that section of the country, whilst I do not
Wean to depreciate the claims which your State,
sir, lias upon the Union, (Mr. Wellek being in
the chair,) may fairly set up some claim, not only
on account of its age, but on account of its prod-
ucts. You give to that country no interior facil-
ities; you give to it no ocean facilities. Notwith-
standing the fact, which is perfectly well known
to every man who has at all investigated the sub-
ject, that <the news from the country to which you
now propose to send a mail could be brought to
New Orleans and disseminated through the coun-
try more rapidly than itcan be carried to New York
and there disseminated, yet you pay $1,000,000 a
year, and, I believe, something more, to carry it
to New York, instead of having it brought into the
port of New Orleans.
Mr. RUSK. The same contract goes to New
Orleans.
Mr. BROWN. I understand it is not the same
contract. There is a line of steamers going from
New Orleans to VeraCruz. Whether there is any
other line of steamers going there except, the coast-
wise line, I do not know. But that is not the point
that I propose to make. I expected the Senator
to answer the proposition that 1 laid down, that
while we were paying, I care not whether it be
from thePost Office or from the National Treasury,
millions on millions of dollars to carry the mail to
foreign countries, we are denying mail facilities to
our own people. What matters it to us whether
it comes out of the Post Office fund or out of the
national fund. When there is a deficit in the
Post Office fund, you make it up out of the National
Treasury; so that that argument falls to the ground.
It amounts, it strikes me, to scarcely anything
except this, that when you make an appropriation
from the National Treasury for a specific object,
it is infinitely more objectionable than when you
make it to the general fund of the Post Office De-
partment. When there is a deficiency m the Post
Office Department, you supply it by a general ap-
priation of two, two and A half, or three millions
of dollars, and when you come to divide the
mooey, the great West and Southwest are told it
has all been divided somewhere else, and there is
nothing left for them.
Why, sir, 1 iiave been told a hundred times,.
and, I dare say, my friend from Texafe has been
told quite as often, if not by the head of the Post
Office Department, at least by his subordinates,
hosv much our respective States pay into the Post
Office Department; how much revenue is derived
from postages within the limits of our respective
States; and, like keeping a merchant's books, if
we had overdrawn the amount a little they were
disposed to shut down on us; and right in the face
of this we are asked to vote millions of dollars,
first for one scheme and then for another.
1 do not feel that my friend from Texas has at
all answered the position which I took, that wa
ought to open up the communication among our-
selves, and keep up that sort of good neighbor-
hood between the East and the West, the North
and the South, which the Post Office Department
was established to keep up, before we burden it
down with these heavy appropriations; for, after
all, though you may take this money, in point of
fact, out of the National Treasury, yet, in the
general summing up, it is charged to the Post
Office account.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Theremarks made
by my friend from Mississippi make it neces-
sary tor me to state the reasons why 1 shall not
vote with him on this proposition. That Senator
and myself have a common interest in the great
mail facilities to which he has alluded—I mean the
facilities upon the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries. If 1 understand his position, his objection
to the proposition now before the Senate is not
so much upon the score of want of merit in the
proposition itself, as upon the injustice done to the
section of the country which he and I and others
represent. My friend is right in many of his con-
clusions in regard to this question; but he is not
exactly right, I think, in all of them.
The proposition before the Senate is to authorize
the Postmaster General to contract for carrying
the mail between San Francisco and Shanghai, at
a sum not exceeding £500,000 per annum. My
friend says that he is not prepared to go for this
until some justice is done to his constituents and
to mine. Now, he will allow me to say that that
justice has exactly been done, not by the Post
Office Department, but by the Senate; and the
Senate is called upon now to direct or authorize
the Postmaster General to do this thing. Two
years ago the Senate directed the Postmaster Gen-
eral to do the very thing whieh he has not done—
the very thing of which my friend complains; and
the honorable Senator from Texas, and almost
every Senator upon this floor, voted with us. The
Senators from Arkansas, Tennessee, and Missis-
sippi were particularly interested in the establish-
ment of mail facilities between Louisville and
New Orleans, and St. Louis and New Orleans,
and Memphis and New Orleans; and we passed
a bill for the purpose over the direct and positive
rejection of the then Postmaster General under
Mr. Fillmore. After he refused to do it, the Sen-
ate passed a bill directing him to establish a daily
mail communication between those points—a very
similar thing to that which we are now asked to
do. Why that has not been done is another ques-
tion.
The Senate has done its duty. We have
directed the Postmaster General to perform this
service; he has failed to do it; but that is no reason
why we should not instruct him now to establish
a line between San Francisco and Shanghai. If
we have failed to get what the law entitles us to
receive, that Department is responsible to us and
the country; and I am m favor of holding it to its
responsibility; but I am not willing, because it has
| done injustice to me and my constituents, to do
! injustice to any other portion of the country,
j Mr. BROWN. I will show my friend the dis-
! tinction in the two cases. In the case of estab-
] lishing the mail on the western waters you made
j| no appropriation out. of the National Treasury to
j, pay the expense; you charged it upon therevenues
i! of the Post Office Department, and it was made an
j excuse for not establishing it that they had not
j money to pay for it. Now, if you make this a
ji charge upon the Post Office revenues also, you
[: deprive the Department of the argument which
(i they used in our case, or else force them to show
that they act in reference to this transaction in a
manner diflerent from that in which they acted in
reference to the other. But you make a very
wide difference when you throw the Department
on its resources to carry one mail, and appropriate
out of the national Treasury to carry another
mail.
M r. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend is mis-
taken again. The law directing the establishment
of the mail service between Louisville, St. Louis,
and New Orleans, wa3 not only passed, but the
contract was actually made for a sum exceeding
$400,000 with Glover & Co.; and the difficulty
was that when Glover & Co. came to execute the
contract, the Postmaster General required that
they should carry no freight at all upon their boats;
that there should not be a barrel of flour upon
them. Upon that mere pretext he repudiated the
contract; and in that way we lost our mail ser-
vice. The authority was specific, perfect, com-
plete, and direct to the Postmaster General; and
the contract was made by the Postmaster General
under the administration of Mr. Fillmore; but the
present Postmaster General came in and repudi-
ated that contract.
Mr. BROWN. My friend seems not to under-
stand my point. The payment for that service
was to be made out of the revenues of the Post
Office Department--the accruing revenues—but
not out of an appropriation in the National Treas-
ury. I understand the Postmaster General to
have taken the ground that he eould not let out a
contract there. I do not think the giound well
taken; but he seems to think that there is some-
thing in it which will prevent him from letting out
a contract because he could not get the money
from the revenues of the Department to pay for it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think my friend
is wholly mistaken about this question. It has
been a source of very great interest to me. I have
watched it with great care, because I am more
directly interested m it, perhaps, than any other
Senator, living, as I do, at Memphis, the point of
distribution for all these places. The difficulty is
not as to whether the money should come out of
the fund of the Department or the genera! Treas-
ury. That was not the question; because the
contract was made, and the money was to be paid
out of the Post Office Department, if they had it,,
or, if not, of course it came out of the National
Treasury. But 1 will say to my friend from Mis-
sissippi, that his objection does not apply; be-
cause, if he will examine the proposals now being
published every day in the newspapers, he will
find that the present Postmaster General has ad-
vertised over again for these very contrasts. Then
that objection (Joes not apply. The simple ques-
tion is this: for some cause or other, we know not
what, the Postmaster General chose to deny to
Glover & Co. the execution of the contract, and
is now offering proposals for the execution of a
law passed by the Congress of the United States.
If we get it, it is all right; if we do not, it is our
misfortune.
The point, then, which I make, is, that we ought,
not to deny to any.other portion of the country
the benefits and the privileges which we have en-
joyed, at least, at the hands of Congress. If the
Postmaster General does not choose to establish
this line, he certainly has the right to refuse, ac-
cording to precedent; for he has refused to estab-
lish ours. I shall vote for the bill, because I
regard it as a matter of great national importance
to encourage commerce between these great and
important points. As for the revenues that may
result from it, I shall not inquire into them.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr President, this bill was
only reported on the 2yd dayof thepresentmonth.
Many bills quite equal in importance were re-
ported long ago, but have not yet been brought
before the Senate. As this is one on which I have
not positively made up my mind, and as I should
like to consider it a little further, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President,! regret very
much to delay the action of the'Senate on the bill;
but, after what has been said by other Senators, I
cannot refrain from making a few observations.
I have voted, hitherto, against the establishment
of all these lines on the Atlantic ocean, or rather,
I should say, against establishing them by the
money of the General Government. I believed
that our commerce oil the Atlantic was capable of
sustaining itself. I did not believe it required
such an immense appropriation as the ocean mail
steamers have cost, to carry it on. I do not think,
howevet, that that is the situation of our Pacific
