THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
June 29,
Ths SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior,
transmitting, in reply to resolution of the House,
information in regard to catting and carrying away
timber by trespassers on the public lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EFFICIENCY OF T.HB UNITBD STATES ARMY.
" Mr. FAULKNER.' I ask the indulgence of
the House, not for any personal explanation, but
for a brief official explanation from the Committee
on Military Affairs, which is due alike to this
body and the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinoia. Has the
morning hour commenced ?
' The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It had better com-
mence now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I should be happy to
hear the gentleman after the expiration of the
iftorning hour.
Mr. COBB. That is the very time I should
myself make objection.
Mr. FAUUCNER. .Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks the unanimous consent of the House for
the purpose of making an explanation in regard to
the'businessof theCommitteeon Military Affairs.
Is there objection?
There was 110 oWection,
Mr. FAULKNER. It is known to the House,
Mr. Speaker, that the condition of the Army at
this time requires promptand effective legislation.
The President of the United States in his message,
and the Secretary of "War in his very able report,
have earnestly called the attention of Congress to
the demands and necessities of this branch of the
public service. In consequence of the infirm health
of the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, [Mr. Bissell,] whose absence
from his place here at this time no one has more
occasion to regret than I have, these recommenda-
tions, which were matured in the form of bills,
have not been pressed on the attention of this
body as their importance and urgent necessity
demanded.
Now, I do not propose to ask of this House to
fix any day for taking up the bill which proposes
to increase the Army by the organization of addi-
tional regiments; but there are two bills which I
am now prepared to report, that are, I will say, of
■vital importance to, the efficiency and organization
of the Army, and ought to be passed at a very
early day. I shall not, of course, abuse the court-
esy which has been so kindly extended to me by
this House, in explanation of the provisions of
these bills, further than to say that it is my delib-
erate conviction, unless some additional induce-
ments are held out to enlistment, as provided in
one of these bills, in a very short time we shall have
no Army to protect our frontier settlements.
Small as our Army now is, and inadequate to
all the wants of the country, there is at this time a
demand for four thousand six hundred recruits,
and tHey cannot be had, because the pay author-
ized by law will not induce men to enter your
Army. Between desertion and the expiration of
the period of enlistment, we shall, in a very short
time, be without any Army at all.
i desire to have a day fixed by the unanimous
consent of this House to bring up these bills for
consideration. I wish them considered before the
Army appropriation bill is taken up, which is the
first bill now upon the Calendar,after theciviland
diplomatic bill is disposed of; and I am satisfied
that it will not take two days to dispose of these
two bills to which I refer, and which are deemed
by the Department, and by all who understand the
subject, so essential to the existence and efficiency
of the Army.
I have deemed it my imperative duty to bring
this subject to the attention of Congress, and feel
thankful to the House for the courtesy which has
•extended to me the opportunity of making this
statement; and if there is an omission to discharge
this high public duty, which the country has a
right to demand at our hands, the responsibility
must rest somewhere, and shall not be upon the
Committee on Military Affairs. I am ready to
report these bills at any time; and I propose, if
the House wi/1 give its consent, to fix upon the
5th day of July for taking them up for considera-
tion. There are other provisions in these bills
regulating the pay of the officers of the Army,
and retiring from service those who have become
unfit to discharge their duties, that arealso import-
ant, and demand the consideration of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Does-the gentleman from
Virginia propose to make these bills the special
order for that day ?
Mr. FAULKNER. For that day, and until
they are disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
special orders being made at this period of the
session.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MACE. ( ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation, due
to myself and to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.] It will not occupy over three min-
utes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objpction,the
gentleman from Indiana will be at liberty to make
his personal explanation.
Mr. WALSH.- I object. There will be a reply,
and we have had enough of these personal ex-
planations.
Mr. MACE. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. I will not occupy over three
minutes.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Hunt,] informs me that the name of
the gentleman from Indiana has been connected
with some personal matter, and in common justice
I must withdraw my objection.
Mr. MACE. It seems, from a telegraphic dis-
patch referred to day before yesterday by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richakds>on,J and
published m the Times newspaper of New York,
that my name is embodied m that dispatch as
charging the gentleman from Illinois with having
covertly perpetrated a fraud upon the House and
country, in the substitute which he offered to the
Nebraska and Kansas bill. I have this to say,
that, so far as that dispatch is concerned, and so
far as I am personally concerned, I am responsible
for no such charge.
And in addition to that, it gives me great pleas-
ure to state that I can, with the restof my friends,
bear testimony to the honorable course of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, during the contest on the
passage of the Nebraska bill. I am incapable of
charging that gentleman with anything like fraud
in incorporating provisions in the substitute f&r the
Nebraska bill, or any other bill, to deceive this
House ^nd the country. /
RATES OF POSTAGE. ^
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of bill (No. 406) further to
amend the act entitled " An act to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes," passed March 3, 1851.
Mr. OL DS. W hat motion is pending in regard
to this bill ?
I The SPEAKER. To recommit and print,
j Mr. OLDS, ldesiieto withdraw the motion
j to recommit tiie bill, for the purpose of movingan
j amendment. It will be recollected by the House
that some day towards the latter part of the iast
\ week, a communication appeared m the National
' Intelligencer raising objections to the bill under
| consideration, from the fact that it would be diffi-
| cult for the Postmaster General to supply the
i post offices with stamps for the prepayment of
j postage, and suggesting the additional difficulty
1 that pel sons would buy up these stamps from the
j different postmasteis for the purpose of specula-
i turn.
| Now, on consultation with some of the friends
! of the loll, and with the Postmaster General, 1
i have prepared an amendment which will meet
j every objection of tins kind. Ths amendment is
: to come ill at the end of the thirty-eighth' line es
, an additional section of the bill.
. The amendment was read, as follows;
1 Jlni he it farther enartei, That it shall not be lawful for
! any postina-ier, or olher person, to sell any post office
| btamp o: btamped envelope fur any Jatger Mini than thai
j indicated on lln' face of such slatnp or envelope. And any
; person who shall violate tlm pioviMon «li,ill he deemed
1 guilty of a misdemeanor, a, id. on conviction thereof, shall
I tv fined in "■;!y sum not less than ten nur moie lliati live
1 luindred dollars.
Mr. OLDS. Perhaps it is due to the House
that I should say that the Postmaster General, and
those having charge of post office business, are I
anxious for the passage of this bill. It opens up j
a new system ©f keeping account* betweea the I
Post Office Department and the deputy postmas-
ters of the country, more perfect than anything of
the kind that has heretofore existed in this Gov-
ernment. The accounts between the Post Office
Department and the deputy postmasteis will be
the stamp aecount. The necessity for your post
ii bills, which now accompany your letters, will
then be superseded. Each postmaster will be
charged with the stamps which he receives from
the Post Office Department, and thus the account
which he will have to render "to the Department,
I at the end of each quarter, will show the amount
of business done and money received at his office.
The bill makes a perfect system of accounts,
which now you cannot have. And 1 am author-
ized by the Postmaster Geneial to say, that he
sees no difficulty in keeping the dtputy postmas-
j teis of the country supplied with stamps, so that
| they may be had at all times for the pin pose of
[ transacting the business of the different post offices
of the country. He thinks that there is no greater
difficulty in keeping them supplied with postoffice
stamps and stamped envelopes, than there is now
in keeping them supplied with post bills, as has
' to be done.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I desire to ask the
chairman ot the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads this question. What amount
I does it cost the Government at this time for the
establishment of distributing pogt offices through*
the country? And what effect will this bill have
on these distributing post offices?
■ Mr. OLDS. ! am unable to say precisely the
number of distributing offices in the country.
Mr. JONES. Well, what is their percentage?
Mr. OLDS. The percentage is twelve and a
half under the new law on all matter which passes
through the office for distribution. This arises
in consequence of having to make a new register
and a new post bill for every letter passing through
the mail. The moment you pass this bill into a
law, and adopt this system of keeping account by
means of stamps, you do away with the necessity
of having those post bills, and the necessity of the
distributing offices of the country. You would
need separating offices instead of distributing ones.
1 am unable to say what amount of labor or ex-
pense it will save You will require two addi-
tional clerks in the Third Assistant Postmaster
General's Office, in order to keep the post offices
supplied with stamps; but it would do away with
a greater number of cleiks in every distributing
office in the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that his proposition
will do away with the distributing offices of the
country ?
Mr. OLDS. I say it will do away with the
necessity of having anything but separating of-
fices.
,, Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the distributing
li offices can be abolished ?
Mr. OLDS. Yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That will be a very
good thing.
Mr. OLDS. One additional word of explana-
tion, in order to have the bill weli understood,
and I will leave the matter in the hands of the
House. Some individuals seem to suppose that
,j this would require every person who would put a
|j letter into the post office to have a stamp. That is
ji not so. You requirethe postmaster, when he sends
j the letter from the office, to put a stamp upon it,
i; and that will be his account with the Post Office
Department. The individual who puts the letter
!| in the office need not have a stamp, but he pays
,j his money to the postmaster just as he now does.
|i There is no further difficulty in this matter than
jj there is now. An individual can pay the office
jj just as he dues now, ar.d the postmaster himself
" puts the stamp upon the letter, and that stamp 13
la ann/Mivlt 15,1 fU t U n u  w,
j his account with the Department,
ij Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. ! would suggest
;| to the gentleman from Ohio, that if this hill should
>] become a law, the provision which requite# the
prepayment by stamps ought, at least, to take
j effect at a subsequent day,
;j Mr. OLDS. It is so provided in the bill. That
j provision will not, go into effect until the first of
January next, m order that the Postmaster G-en-
; eral may have time to supply the post offices with
! stamps.
( ( Mr. SMITH. I have had numerous complaints
; from ray district from postmasters, complaints^
