t5?4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Besides, the intention of this law is not that the
postage shall be paid m specie or in stamps, but
that the postmaster himself, when the postage is
paid in specie, shall, instead of stamping the letter
" paid,"affix upon it a postage stamp, for which
the Government has received its three cents, thus
rendering it morally impossible to defraud the
Government in the matter. It should be under-
stood that post bills, so far as the Post Office De-
partment is-concerned, are utterly worthless in
guarding the Department from fraud. They fur-
nish no guarantee whatever against its being
cheated. But, in this case of prepayment by
stamps being enforced, the Government cannot
possibly be defrauded. I how call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAVEN. X hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion? I only desire to say one word on the sub-
ject of this bill.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw it, if the gentle-
Man promise to renew the call.
Mr. HAVEN. I do so.
I do not desire to answer any argument or sug-
gestion that has been made here; but I simply
desire to say to the House that I have examined
this question with a little care, when we had debate
up the other di^y oil the other post office bill that
was defeated m the House. The House will
recollect that I made a little ineffectual effort at
that time to save the latter section of that bill. I
thought then that I knew what 1 was about. I
was of the opinion then that the latter sections of
the bill were unobjectionable. I think that this
bill now before the House is substantially the
same in its character as the latter sections of that
other bill were. I am entirely willing to see it
passed. I think that the business portion of the
country; I think that the remote and agricultural
sections of the country; 1 think that every portion
of our citizens will be satisfied wilh this bill.
I do not think that it is a matter of any great
consequence or moment that this bill should pass.
There are reasons, I think, why it should pass,
but I do not believe it is of any great moment. It
is a bill of which nobody will complain, unless it
be the proprietors of newspapers of laige circu-
lation in our cities, as 1 think it increases the
burdens on ihem a little. On this subject, how-
ever, the gentleman who has charge of the bill,
and other, members of "the House, have more
knowledge than I have.
But in other respects the bill is u proper one.
"the prepayment, of postage, to which the gentle-
man from Tennessee ['Mr. .Tones] objects as im-
practicable,! think he will see, on further consid-
eration, is not so. If men have not pontage stamps
to allix; to their letters, they may leave money fur
the purpose, and the postmaster can affix the
stamps and forward the letters. As 1 snid, 1 do
not think that this is a matterof any great conse-
quence, but still it is a bill which I should like to
see passed. I now renew the cull for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. READY. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wash-
Bt'RNE's amendment to the amendment; and it
was rejected.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Olds's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, it. was put;
and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the bill en-
grossed ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not en-
grossed.
[Cries of " Let it pass !"]
The SPEAKER. The bill or amendment is
not engrossed; and if objection is made, it must go
over until it is engrossed.
Mr. OLDS. In that case when will it come up
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider it.
It is a new case.
Mr. OLDS. Is it not in order to have a time
fixed when it shall have its third reading?
The SPEAKER. It is. When ^hall the bill
have its thiid reading?
[Cries of"Now!" "Now!"]
The question was put upon the motion that the
bill have its third reading now; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. JONES. I ask if the bill can be read now,
unless it is fitst engrossed?
The SPEAKER. Upon what principle? It is
a new question to the Chair. *
Mr. JONES. It has not been engrossed, and
I ask the Chair if it can be read before it is en-
grossed? The order of the House is that the bill
shall be engrossed, and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. The doctrine of the parlia-
mentary law is, that the House may fix the time
for the reading of a bill a third time-, and it cannot
be read a third time until it is engrossed. If it
shall be engrossed, it will be read to-day.
Mr. OLDS. Is it in order to move to recom-
mit the bill? |
The SPEAKER. It is in order, but the Chair
will suggest that the order of the House to read
the bill to-day will keep it before the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to understand the exact
position of this bill if the House goes to the con-
sideration of other business now.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House is,
that the bill shall be read the third time to-day.
The Chair does not know what the practice of this
body has been in such cases; for nosuch case has
ever been made upon him before since he has
served here. The parliamentary law gives the
House the right to fix the time at which a bill
shall have its third reading; the House did older*
by a very large vote that it should be read to-day.
The Chair decides that, if it should be engrossed
any time duringthe session to-day, the order must
be executed.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, to avoid all difficulty,
I will withdraw my objection.
The bj\.l was then read a third time.
Mr. OLDS. Imovethepreviousquestion upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JON ES,' of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Although the call for the
previous question has been seconded, I desire to
propound a question to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, on the
answer to which my vote will depend.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads what is the effect of the bill on newspaper
issues?
Mr. OLDS. It has no effect on newspaper
issues whatever.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—MeK^rn. Aberciombie, Aiken, Jamet. 0. Allen,
Willis Alton,, Ashe, Banks Bsirksdale, Harry, iSHcher,
bridges, Brooks, Campbell, Oaipenter, Ca^kio, Cha&tain,
Claik, Cobb, Cook, Uorwm, Curtis, John G. Davi^, Daw-
son, I)e Witt, Dickinson, Dovvdell, Eastman, Eddy, Ed-
mundson, English, Faulkner, Kenton, Flajilei, Florence,
Franklin,Gamble,Gooduch, Green, Grow , Wiley P. Har-
ris, Harrison, Hastings Haven, Hendneks, IliUyer,Hughes,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Gianey Jones, Roland Jones,
Kerr, Kutredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Lindfley,
McDougall, MciYIullin, McNair, Mace, Macy, Mattwon,
Maxwell, May, Middle^warth, Smith Miller, Morgan,Mur-
ray, Nichols, Norton, Olds Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Paileer, Pick, Peckliam, Phillips Pratt, RichanNon, Rid*
die, Rohbws Sabin, Sage, Seward, Shannon, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William It. Smith, Fiedmck P«
Stanton, Richaid II. Stanton, Heptor L. Stevens, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor,Trout, Tweed,'Vail,Vane-ant,Wade,
Ellihu H. Washimrne, Israel W;i-hbuin, WelN, John
Weniworth, Wheelei,and Daniel D. Wright—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Appj«ffig, Bell, Bennett, Benson. Ca-
rutheis, ChnMiian, Clnirciwell, Olmgman, Cox, Craige,
Crocker, Cullom, Thomas, Dim*, Dean, Dick, John M. El-
liott, Kill son, Etheiidgu,Evc ihart, Farley, Giddings Green-
wood, Aaron Harlan, Hiester, Houston, Howe, Hunt,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Letcher, Lmdiey, McCulloch,
John G.Miller, Milleon, Moirii-'Oii,Mordecai GhversPhelps,
Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Ituffin,
Rusm IJ, Sapp, Shaw, Nathaniel G, Taylor, Tracy, Upham,
Walley, Walsh, Tappan Werrtworth, Yates, and Zollicof-
fer—35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that that motion be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALTERATION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
say to the House that I was accidentally out of
the House yesterday at the time of the final pas-
sage of the ten million bill. I was detained away
on account of the storm; and as my vote will not
change the result, I ask the consent of the House
to have ,my vote recorded in favor of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of New York. As the .gentle-
man has accomplished all he wishes to accomplish,
I object.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. ORR. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the House do
rw&w proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table, so that we may take up
and act on the resolution fixing the day of adjourn-
ment for this session.
[Cries of "Good!"]
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The following is the resolu-
tion, as eidopted by the House:
" Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House o£ Represent-
atives adjourn their respective Houses on Monday, August
14, at twelve o'clock, m."
The Senate amended by striking out all after the
words " respective Houses," and inserting in lieu
thereof, as follows:
"From twelve o'clock, m., July 17, until Monday, the
16th October next."
Mr. ORR. I move to substitute for the Senate
amendment the following:
Sine die on Monday, the 31st of July, at twelve o'clock,
m.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire of the Chair '■
whether, under the rules, an amendment is in or-
der to a Senate amendment? i believe after a bill
has gone to the Senate, and been there amended,
that when returned, that amendment is notamend-
able.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to amend the
Senate amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. Then there is no end to legis-
lation
Mr. ORR. Will the Clerk report the modifi-
cation I have made since the resolution was sent
up to the desk? It is the insertion of the words
" at twelve o'clock, m.," so that the session will
terminate at twelve o'clock.
Mr. PECKHAjVl. If the previous question is
sustained, will the vote be first upon the amend-
ment now offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Our,] or will it be upon the
amendment of the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It will be first upon the
amendment to the amendment of the Senate; or,
in other words, upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. If that fails, then
the vote will be upon the proposition of the Senate.
Mr. WALLEY. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to ask the Chair whether, in his opinion,
it is in order for the House to amend the proposi-
tion now returned from the Senate. The House
adopted a resolution, and sent it to'the Senate for
thejr joint action. The Senate amended the action
of the House, and sent it back here for the con-
currence of this House. I ask the Chair if the
question is not, Will the House concur, or not
concur, in the amendment of the Senate r
The SPEAKER. They can concur with or
without amendment.
Mr. WALLEY. The gentleman from South
Carolina proposes to strike out the whole action
of the Senate, and therefore it will not be a con-
currence.
The SPEAKER. It is germane to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. WALLEY. But the resolution of the
Senate proposes a recess.
The SPEAKER. A proposition which the
gentleman proposes to strike out. The amend-
ment of the Senate, it will be recollected, is to a
resolution of the House, which proposed to ad-
journ sine die. The Senate proposed to take a
recess. The Chair decides that the House may-
amend the amendment of the Senate. The
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina is certainly in order,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to in-
quite of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Our,] whether he proposes to move the previous
question immediately, and if so, to ask him if he
will not give way for an amendment to the ori-
