1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ar
justice has been done by Congress to the soldiers
of the war of 1812, who made so great sacrifices
in the defence of their country; and they ask that
justice be done.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The proposition of the gentleman
is debatable, and of course it goes over under the
rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that the petitions
may be referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat again,
for the information of gentlemen present, that it is
in order to introduce and refer petitions, without
presenting them in open House, by application at
the Clerk's desk. They cannot be referred, how-
ever, until there are committees appointed.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered. That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of House fho papers in the case of David Tate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to inquire
of the Chair whether it be m oider to postpone
the further calling of petitions until one week from
this day, at which time f apprehend the commit-
tees of the House will be constituted ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for that purpose.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL.' Is it not in order to make
a. motion to that tffect?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
On motion by Mr. GROW, leave was granted
for the withdrawal, from the files of the House, of
the papers in the case of James F. Green.
Mr. GROW moved to refer the papers.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 propose to de-
bate every motion to refer that may be made in
reference to those matters.
Mr. GROW. I supposed the matter was left in ;
such a way, that petitions could berefeired to com-
mittees when they were constituted. If that is
not the case, I w ll withdraw the motion.
On motion by Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordrretf, That leave be granted for the withdrawal, from
the files of the House, ot the papers in the ease 01 Alex-
ander Stephenson.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of
the papers in the case of James II. King.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, it was
Ordered, That leave be yi anted for the withdrawal, from
the flu's? of the House, ot the lullowtus: papers:
Petition of sundry citizens of the western judicial dis
trict of Virginia, prajing an increase of the salary of the
judtre of the United Stales tor that di^uct;
The petition ot Jdines Rax nes lor airearases of pension ;
The petition of the leaal i . preventatives of Charles Por
terfield, deceased, praym? bounty land, commutation pay,
and the reimbursement of advances, made for the public
set vice.
Mr. L. gave notice, that on to-morrow, or some
subsequent day, he would introduce a bill of the
following title :
A hill to change the time* tor holdinjr the district com ts
of the United States, in the western diM.nct of Vnginid,
and ior other purposes.
Mr. AIKEN presented, for the purpose of
future reference, a memorial of the Charleston '
Chamber of Commerce, for an appropriation for a
light ship and buoys at Cape Roman; j
Also, a memorial from the Charleston Chamber ;
of Commerce, praying further appropriation for I
the erection of a light on White Point Shoal,
Charleston Harbor; ,
Also, a memorial from the Chamber of Com- ;
merce,for an appropriation for deepening the bar ■
of Charleston harbor. I
On motion by Mr. HILLYER, it was
Oidcral, Thai. !eav« lie srant.-d to wilhririuv from the
filei ot' ilie Home tlic paper:, n'lalma to the claim of Madi-
son 1'artnn, the papers relating to tiie claim of Lewis
jiawl-ton.
Mr. DOW DELL gave notice of a bill granting
land to the State of Alabama, in aid of a railroad
from Selma to Gadsden. i
Mr. COBB gave notice of a bill to extend the I
time for payment of duty on railroad iron and for j
other purposes. _ j
Also, a bill to authorize the school commissioner i
of fractional township No. 1, of range No. 10 east,
in Alabama, to locate one section of land for school
purposes. i
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked leave to
introduce a bill granting an indemnity for loss of a
vessel during the revolutionary war. This appli-
sent, to be that the petitions presented shall be re-
ferred to the committees when appointed. •' "
Mr. HENN. I also give notice that I will to-
morrow, or on some future day, introduce bills of
the following titles:
A bill to grant a ljumestead to settlers on the public lands,
1 and to provide for the sale ot the same to actual settlers
' only;
A bill to grant to the State of Iowa, a quantity of the
public lands in alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State.
I also ask leave to withdraw from the files, and
to refer to the Committee on Public Lands, "the
joint resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of
the State of Iowa, asking for grants of public
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State;
Also, resolutions asking the passage of a law
granting a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres of public lands to actual settlers.
No objection was made.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I desire to introduce
a bill to defray the expenses incurred in the dif-
ficulties with the Rogue River Indians.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object.
Mr. LANE. Then, sir, since objection is made,
I give notice that I will introduce the bill on to-
morrow, or on some future day. I ask leave to
withdraw certain petitions and memorials which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce at
the last session of Congress, in order that they
I may be again presented and referred.
1 Noobjection being made, leave was granted.
JOINT COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON TUB PRESI-
DENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. OLDS, from the joint committee appointed
to wait upon the President of the United States
to inform him that a quorum of the two Houses
of Congress had assembled, that they had organ-
ized and were prepared to receive any communi-
cation he mighr desire to make, reported that said
committee had performed its duty, and that the
President had answered that he would make a
communication to the two Houses this day.
The SPEAKER stated that resolutions were
in order from the State of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask leaveto
introduce the following bills, that they may be re-
ferred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN. My object, Mr. Speaker,
was to introduce these bills so that they might be
referred to some one of the standing committees
when they were appointed.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair so stated.
Mr. WASHBURN. Is it not m order for me
to introduce them, so that they may be referred?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the rule
bearing on the question for the information of the
House.
" The petitions having been presented and disposed of,
report-* A om comimwes shall be called for and disposed
ot; in do.ng which file Speaker shall call upon each s-tand-
m« committee in tin; order they are named in the 76tn and
the 104fh riiie^ ; and when all tins standing committees
shall have been called on, then «t shall be the duty of the
Speaker to < all foi iepoiH from select committees ; if the
Speaker i-hall not ^el tiuough the call upon committees
befote the llou-e pa-^es to other busings, he shall le&ume
the next call wheie he leitoff."
There were no committees to report, and hence
the call for resolutions. The rule goes on:
  "Resolutions shall then be called for m the same order,
and disposed of hj the -ame rules which apply to petitions :
Provided, That no member shall oilei moie than one reso-
lution or one "-eric* ot resolutions all relating to the same
subject, until ail the Slates and Tetritones shall have been
called."
The introduction of bills, when resolutions are
called for, is not in order.
Mr. DEAN. I beg leaveto introduce a joint
resolution of thanks to Captain Duncan N. Ingra-
ham. __ . ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No notice has
been oven of that resolution.
! The SPEAKER. Notice in this case is re-
quired, and if objection be made, the resolution
: cannot be introduced. . .
Mr DUNHAM. I object to it^ introduction.
Mr! BAYLY, of Virginia. I object, for the
cation, he said, has been pending for many years,
having passed through one or other of both
Houses at almost every session. I propose that
these papens, and the testimony to sustain the
claim, may be read.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. That course would give
rise to debate.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I suppose we may
as well consume the time of the House in that
way as any other,
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists on
reading the papers, the sense of the House must
be taken on it.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I propose to debate it if
that course is to be taken.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. DUNHAM asked leave to withdraw cer-
tain papers from the files.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented a number
of petitions from citizens of Indiana against the
employment of Chaplains in both Houses of
Congress, and in the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. D. said that he desired that they might be
laid upon the table for the present, with the view
of referring: them to the Judiciary Committee,
when appointed.
The SPEAKER. They will then lie upon the
table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois, asked leave
to withdraw from the files the papers in the case
nf the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe, deceased,
to be presented to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, when constituted.
He also gave notice of his intention to introduce
the following bills, vi?:
A bill for the further improvement of the Rock
Island and Des Moines rapids;
A bill providing for a grant of public lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from the city
of Galena, in the State of Illinois, by the valley
of the Tete de Mort through the State of Iowa,
to the Great Bend of the Minnesota river, in Min-
nesota Territory;
A bill to improve the navigation of Galena river
and the harbor of the city of Galena, Illinois;
A bill to complete the improvements of the har-
bor of Waukegan, Illinois;
A bill to erect a light-house on the western shore
of Lake Michigan, at or near Port Clinton, Lake
county, Illinois; and
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen McKay,
widow of the late Colonel /Eneas McKay, late
Deputy Quartermaster General, United States
Army. . |i
Mr. WARREN gave notice of a bill donating ^
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Mississippi, Ouichita, and Red j
R,iver Railroad, in the State of Arkansas. ![
Mr. HENN. I wish to present a memorial j!
and proceedings of a mass convention, held at.,
Fort Madison, Iowa, on the 9th day of Septem- !
ber, 1853, asking a grant of public lands to aid m /
the construction of the " Fort Madison, Keosau- j
gua, and P.loomfield Railroad." !
Also, the proceedings of a mass meeting of the ||
citizens of Washington county, Iowa, m favor of1;
a railroad to the Pacific, via the Platte River and |l
Salt Lake. ji
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman .
from Iowa permit me to make a suggestion to ;
him? |
Mr. HENN. Certainly. J
Mr. RICHAR.DSON. Petitions, presented '
before the committees are appointed, under the
decision of the Chair, go to the table, and it will
require a motion and a vote of the House to take
them up from the table. The gentleman, there-
fore, by presenting those memorials now, places
them in such a position that he will not, perhaps,
afterwards be able to dispose of them as he may
desire. |
The SPEAKER. That is the strict law of the j
House. i
Mr. IIENN. I apprehend that the practice of j
the House has been otherwise. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that, ji — -> ~ .. n,:.
; .. tVmt T deem action on the subject at this
by unanimous consent, petitions may be referred s] reason mac i ueem j
to the various committees when appointed. ,! time premature.
Mr. HENN. I understand that the practice , Mr. DEAN.
has been so to refer them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
order of the House thus far, by unanimous con-
   When States are called, I un-
derstand we have the right to offer resolutions and
have them read. _
The SPEAKER. That is the case in regard
