1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
committees of the House, the session will be per-
petual, It is idle to talk about it.
I did intend to have moved the previous ques-
tion; but as there are others who desire to speak,
it would, perhaps, not be fair that I should do so
after having made thesa remarks myself. I will,
therefore, surrender the floor to any gentleman
who may desire it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a very good
reason, I think, why we should not adjourn at a
very early day, or at least at so early a day as
that proposed by the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina. It is a fact which I pre-
sume members are familiar with, that gentlemen
have done what talking they want to do for the
present, and we may now go on and transact
business; but if we adjourn and go home, mem-
bers will come back with a new supply of stump
speeches, which we shall have delivered here in-
stead of doing the business of legislation. There
is q. good deal of business which ought to be done,
and which I think, perhaps, can be dope by the
time fixed in the resolution as it originally passed
the House. In the presenLstate of affairs, m the
present condition of our country, there should be
something done for the defense of our coast, in
connection with the commerce of the country.
There are important western interests to which
attention should be given.
My object in rising, Mr. Speaker, was to sub-
mit the motion indicated by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that this resolution and the
pending amendments be referred to a select com-
mittee, to ascertain and report how soon it was
practicable for the House, with a full discharge of
its business, to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is already a committee
in existence on revisal and unfinished business.
Mr. RICHARDSON, Very well; then I move
that the resolution and pending amendments be
referred to that committee.
Mr. EWINCx. I object to any such reference;
I think that it is very unusual. I never heard of
a resolution for adjournment sine die being referred
to the Committeeon Revisal and Unfinished Busi-
ness. It is a matter which I think we ought to
finish as soon as possible. The earlier we fix the
day, the earlier we can adjourn. Every man who
has ever served in this House, or any other de-
liberative body, knows that when a day of adjourn-
ment is fixed, the House works up to that day. I
do not object to discussions, although they may
perhaps extend into an abuse and evil. Thereisan
advantage in free, full, and unlimited discussion
in the earlier part of any session, ft is that which
prepares the House for rapid work towaids its
close. They have early digested every question
whigh may come before them; and while it is often
complained of as an evil that the business of the
session is crowded into the lust days of a session,
when it may as well be done in the fust days of a
session, it is not an'unmhied evil. The House is
then hetter prepared for work.
We can, I think, finish all we have to do, which
is absolutely indispensable, by the day proposed
by the gentleman fiom South Carolina. Too
much legislation is an evil, and, as he very prop-
erly remaiked, if we attempted to get through
with everything, we never would adjourn. We
would leave that resolution with the Committee
on Revisal and Unfinished Business, and it would
be a matter which would properly belong to them
for ever. [Laughter.] 1 want to get away from
here, for one, and i believe that the people aie
willing to see us go away, i would rather adjourn
sine die than take a recess. It is rather a novel
experiment, and 1 do not know how it would suit.
But I want to get away myself on any terms, !
want to get something to eat. [Laughter.] I
want to get to some place where 1 can sleep of
nights. [Renewed laughter.] I am tired of going
into these dining rooms in the morning with the
weak stomach with which every gentleman rises
in summer, and smelling that odor which destroys
the last remnant of appetite that can be got up by
the force of tonics, and other means. After trot-
ting all over town hunting a place to eat, I have
thought that, of inevitable necessity, 1 would be
compelled to go through the form under the influ-
ence of chloroform, i know of no other way in
which it can be practiced with any sort of ease
and comfort.
I wish the House would agree to an adjourn-
ment sine die on the day named, as { believe it
to be entirely practicable.- I am willing to try it, at
all events I think we can adjourn by that time,
that we ought to do it, and that the people will be
willing to see us do it i am satisfied that we can
finish all the business indispensably necessary
between this and the earliest day proposed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. 1 move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 45, nays 134; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, A^-he, Barksdale, Belcher, Bo-
cock, Brooks, Caskie. Cl.u k, Cohb, Cullotn, Disney, East-
man, Eddy, Edmundvm, John M. Elliott, f.iulknei, Flor-
ence, Goode, Gieen, Henn, ingersoll, Roland Jones, Kent,
lOdwell, Kittierige, Lwdtdcy, McMullio, Mac*. Macy,
Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mdlson, Bishop Peikuis, John
Perkins, Powell, Riehard^o i, llaidie, R >vve, Shannon,
Gernt Smuh, Hestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, Upliasri,
Vail, and Variant—45.
NAYS—Me^is. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Alien, Appleton, David J. Batlfy, Bell, B"niifitr, Benson,
Benton, Bieckmridge, Budget., Campbell, Caipenter,
Caruthers, Chandler, Cha-saui, Clm-man, Churchwell,
Cliiigman, Colquiu, Cook. Coaviu, Coa, Crajae, Crocker,
Curie*, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, De VVi:t, Dick,
Dickinson, Dowdell, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, English,
Etheiidge, Everhart, Kwing, Fatipy, Fenton, Flagler,
Franklin, Gambit, Guidingi-,Goodrich, Greenwood, Aaron
Harlan, Hamsun, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Iiiester,
Hill, iJilljer, Houston, llovve, Hughes, Hunt, Johiif-on,
Daniel T. Jones, Gcor«<-* W. Jones. J, Glancy Join's*, Keir,
ICnnY, Kurtz. Latham. Letcher, Lilly, Liiidlev, McCulloch,
Matteteon, May, IWayall, Middh -w.uth, John <>. Miller,
Morgan, MorriMW, Nichol-, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver,.
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Peck, Peckham,
Pennington, Phelps, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Puryear,
Ready, Rec*e, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Jtobbins,
Rulfin,Rusf II, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shaw,Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Willi.im It Smith, George W,
Smyth, Fieduiiclv P. Stanton, Riqhaid H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, John J Tajlor, John L. Tajlor,
Nathaniel (i. Taylor, Thurston, Tuey, Trout, Tweed,
Wade, Walkei, Walley, Walsh, Elhhu B. VVa^hburne,
Israel Washburn, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, Daniel 0. Wright, Yates, and ZolhcotTei—134.
So the House refused to lay the resolution and
amendments on the table.
The question recurred on the motion made by
Mr. Richardson, th^t the whole subject be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished
Business.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion, and for tellers on ordeiing the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Preston and
Robbins were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 125; more than one fifth
voting in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 47, nays 125; as fol-
lows:
Y"RAS—Messrs Aiken, Ashe, Bark«da!e, Barry, Belch-
er, Boi-ock, IJroukft, Canine, Claik, Cohb, Disney, Eddy,
Edmunds-on, Eveihart, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green,
Henn, Inger^oll, Roland Jones, Keitf, Kittredge,' Lamb,
Ltndsley, McCulloch, McMuIhn, Mace, Macy. Maxwell,
May, Smith Miller, Millson, John Perkins, Phillips, Pratt,
Puryoar, Richard?-on, Kiddle, Rowe, Seward, Shannon,
Ile.Mot L. Stevens, D.wnt Stuart, Vatl,and Vansant—47.
NAYH—Messrs-. Aberci ombie, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Be)), Renneti, Hens-on, Benton, Breckinridge, Bridges.
Campbell. Cdipenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Cha«tain,Ohris-
nian, Chnrcfuveil, Ciuigmau, Colquitt, Cook, Convjn, Cox,
G'raige, Ctocker, Culioni, Cu'ti^, John G. Davis, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dickinson, Dow-
dell, Eastman,Thomas D Ehot,Ellison,Etheridge, Ewing, .
F<irU\>, Fenum, Flatter, Franklin, Gamble Goodrich,
Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, llarrifun, blastings, Ha-
ven, Hendricks, Hiester, Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson.George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Knr. Knox, Latham, Letcher,Lilly, Lindley, Matteson,
Mavall, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Moigan, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Norton. Olds, Andrew Oliver, Momecai
Ohvej, Oir, Packer, Paiker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pieston, Prtngle, Ready,
Reese, David Ritchie, Robbing, Ruffiu, Ru^ell, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Shaw, Geirit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith. George VV. Smyth, Freder-
ick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor. Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Tw eed, Walker, Walley,
Wal-h, ELUhu I?. WiWiburne, Israel Washbnrn, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentwortli, Wheeler, Fates, and Zol-
licofFer—-125.
So the House refused to commit the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Revisal and Unfin-
ished Business.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Orr.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The que>tion was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, iif\ys S'J; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssrf. Abercrombie, WillH Alien, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale. Bariy, TMl, Benson, Bet ton, Breckin-
ridge, Bridges, Caruthers, Chastain, Chrisman, Cliurcb-
weM, Chngnian, Oolquitr, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Craige,
Cullom. John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, J>ick, Dowdell,
JoimM. Eiliott, Etheridge, E\vin«, Farley, Greenwood,
Hainson, Httven, Hendricks, Hill,Houston, Hughes, Hunt,
Johnson, G< ori^e W. Jone1^, J. Glancy Jones, Knox, Lamb,
j Lathxm, Lidy, Lindley, John G. Miller, Morrnon, Mur-
ray, Bichojs, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Ohvei, Orr, Packer,
Peck, PheJp*, Pratt, Preston, Ready, David Ritchie, Rob-
bing, Rutfin, Sapp, Shaw, Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R- Smith, George XV. Smyth,
Alexander Stephens, John J. Tajlor, John L. Taylor,
Trout, Wade, Walker, Israel Washburn, Wells, Darnel B.
Wriuhr, Fate*, .uul Zolhcolfci—feO.
NAYS—Messrs Aiken. Appleton, A*he, Releher, Ben-
nett, Docock, Campbell,Carpenter, Chandler, Clark, Cobb,
Oiocker, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney,
J5astrnan, Eddy, CJdmund^on, Thomas D. Khof, £ihson?
Everhart, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Fiankltn, Gamble,
(iiddinp:s, Goodrich, Green, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Bastings,
Heim, Hie^ter, llillyci, Howe, inireisdl, Daniel T. Jones,
Roland Jone?, Keitt, Kidwefl, ICittied^e, Lmdsley, Mc
Culloch, Mace, Maoy, Matteson, Mayall, Middleswarth,
Smith Miller, iVIillsnn,Morgan, Norton, Parker, Peckham,
Pennington, Ri&bopPerkins, John Perkins-, Phillips, Pow-
ell, Pringie, Puryear,Reese, Richardson, Thomas Ritehey,
Rowe, Russell,Sabnt, Sage, Seward, Shannon, Fiedeiicfe
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, David
Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Twe< d,
Uphain, Vail, Vansant, W"alley, Walsh, Elltha B. Wa^h*
biune3 John Wentworth, Tappan Went worth, and Wheeler
—b9.
So Mr. Orr?s amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
Senate amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move to lay the
whole subject upon the table; and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
3Sff. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege. J move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment to the amendment
was rejected; and to lay the rnotian to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Yeas and nays upon that.
[Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order, i wish to know whether the House can
now lay the original resolution, which passed this
House, on the table; or whether the motion of
the gentleman from Louisiana, on which the
House is ahout to vote, is not to lay on the table
the amendment of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay on th^
table both those together.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGK. Does the motion in-
clude our resolution to adjourn on the 14th of
August?
The SPEAKER. It does; and the resolution
of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Jones's
motion.
The question was talc en; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 232; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe, Thomas
II. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bocock, Brooks,
Caskie,, Claik,Cobb, Disney,Eastman, ISddy,E&mundson,
English, Faulkner, Florence, Goodu, Green, Henn, Mill,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kid well, Kittredge, Lamb, Lmdsley,
McMulhn, Mace, Macy, Maxwell,Smith Miller, Milfsoii,
Noble, John Perkins, Pratt, Richardson, Riddle, RufSn,
Shannon, Hestor J,. Stevtns, Vail, Vansant, Walker, and
Daniel B. Wright—47.
NAYS—Messis. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Bennett, Benson, Benton, Breckinridge, Bridges, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, C'arnthers, Chandler, Cbastnin, Chrisman,
Churclnvi 11, Chngnian, Colquitt, Cook, Corwin. Cox,
Craige, Crocker, Cullom. John G. Davis. Thomas Davis,
Dawson, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dicki'rii-on, Dowdell^
Thomas 1). Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Everbart, Ew-
ing, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Gamble, Giddfngs,
Goodrich, Greenwood, G\ow, Aaron Hailan, Harrison,
Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Iiiester, Hillyet, Houston,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, fugersoll. Johnson,Daniel T. Jone.-,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lunlley, McCulloch, McDougall,
MeKair, Matteson, May, Mavall, Middleswarth, John O.
Miller, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols:, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Mordccai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Pei kins, Phelps, Phillips,
Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie,
Thomas Ritehey, Robbins, Rowe, Russell, Snbni, Sage,
Sapp, Siir.w, Geriit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wi1Im i
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, FitsdeneK P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Tiout, Tweed, Uphain. Wade, Walley,
