1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
purpose to enter into the discussion of the matter
before the Senate. I said afterwards that 1 should
be willing to submit my views to the Senate, but
•in weather such as this is, I cannot undertake to
do it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 made the motion, as I sup-
posed, for the accommodation of the Senator from
Delaware, to give him an opportunity of showing
the Senate that this bill was without foundation,
and that the claimant was not entitled to any part
, of" the amount proposed to be appropriated. I
was prepared, if he had satisfied me of that fact,
to vote against the bill. Certainly, I supposed,
at the time I made the motion, and insisted upon
the return of the bill, that the honorable Senator
would avail himself of the opportunity afforded,
and explain to the Senate the reason why he made
the declaration that he did.
In the absence of any effort of that kind on his
part, I feel authorized to vote for the bill, or rather
i feel bound to move an amendmentto appropriate
§10,000 instead of §30,000. I believe, under the
circumstances, that the claimant is entitled to
something, but I do not believe that he is entitled
to $30,000. I do not think that the proof in the
case establishes the fact that he has expended that
amount. I think that he was induced by a late
Secretary of the Navy to make an expenditure in
carrying on an experiment for the benefit of the
Government, and that the impression was created
upon his mind—1 think the testimony warrants
the conclusion—that if the experiment failed, and
money was lost, it should be compensated for out
of the public Treasury, and not out of his pocket.
If I believed that the proof justified an appropria-
tion of $30,000,1 should not, under the circum-
stances, oppose it; but I do not think—and I have
given the case, J may say, a careful examination—
that an amount exceeding §15,000 ought to be
appropriated; and as suggested by Senators around
me, I will submit a motion that the bill be so
amended as to appropriate $15,000.
Mr. BAYARD. I regret that the honorable
Senator from Indiana misunderstood my conver-
sation with him. It was purely personal. It had
no relution to his action in the Senate. My ex-
perience here has convinced me that it is a very
idle effort indeed to attempt to discuss before this
body any question connected with a private claim,
adverse to that claim. You speak to empty
benches. That is not agreeable to me; but 1
should be willing to do it if I thought it would
have any effect. My own experience is that it
has no effect. I believe a system as corrupt and
corrupting, as I consider the mode in which private
bills are passed, to be, can be checked in two
ways. One is, either by opposition to the indi-
vidual cases, or, when you find the system has
so far obtained a headway that opposition is use-
less, to let it go on, and it will become so odious,
and so openly profligate, that the public sense of
the country will utterly reject it. 1 have come to
the conclusion, with the exception of those cases
committed to me as a member of a committee to
examine, that 1 do not mean to trouble myself
with them, except as regards what is necessary
for my own investigation, and vote in reference
to the question before the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment proposed by my colleague will not
prevail.
Mr. BA DGER, I will suggest that the amend-
ment is not in order.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is not now in a
condition to be amended. Thequeslion is, "Shall
the bill pass r" and no amendment can be pioposed
unless by unanimous consent, or unless the vote
by which it was ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading, be reconsidered.
Mr. PETTIT. Then 1 have a few remarks to
make m regard to the bill. Years ago, while a
member of the other House, I investigated this
question. I then settled down in the clear convic-
tion that the Government of the United States had
injured this man, had done him a gross wrong.
That §30,000 will not indemnify him, ! am clearly
of opinion. In addition to this, allow me to say
that this matter, when we were both members of
the other House, was especially in the care and
charge and keeping of my immediate predecessor
in the Senate, Hon. Charles W.Cathcart, who held
a seat here a year ago last winter, by an appoint-
ment by the Governor, before I came on. i take
occasion to say that there is no purer or better man
in the country than that Mr. Cathcart. I take
occasion further to say that there are very few
minds possessed of more capacity to investigate
and come to a right conclusion than his. sI know
that in the House, after full examination, he en-
tertained no doubt of the justice and propriety of
this appropriation. 1 know that it again came
under Ins consideration, the short time, some six
or seven weeks, during which he held his seat as
my predecessor here. He investigated it again,
and came to the same conclusion. 1 hold in my
hand a letter from him, and ask the indulgence of
the Senate while I read one clause from it. It is
dated May 15, 1854:
" I bespeak your kind attention to Ins (Myerle's) ease,
assuring you that you will thereby be rendering an act of
justice to a much injured and unlonunate man. "
Yours, truly, CHARLES W. CATHCART.
That is what he says in regard to this matter._
I shall not take up the time of the Senate by re-
ferring to all the papers and the evidence in refer-
ence to the claim; but there is nothing that has
impressed itself so pearly on my mind as that the
Government, through its officers, has injured this
man, and that $30,000 will not repay him for his
loss. I cannot, therefore, believe, when lam sent
here to do justice between the mass of the people,
the Government— -for they are the Government—
and the individual members of that society, that
I should vote for a less sum than §30,000, and 1
shall with great pleasuie vote foi that.
Mr. WELLBR. I have but a word or two to
say in regard to this claim. It is very seldom that
1 pat myself to the trouble of investigating any
of these private claims, unless they are referred to
me as a member of a committee; but some years
ago I did give myself the trouble to investigate
this one. 1 have since read the testimony again;
and I do regard it as one of the most just and
equitable claims that has ever been presented to
the Government. Whether that will secure its'
passage through Congress or not is a different
question; because my experiences a legislator is,
that unjust and iniquitous measures are much more
apt to pass than a just and equitable one. But I
assure the Senate, if they would take the trouble to
investigate the merits of this claim, they would be
satisfied that Mr. Myerle has sustained damage,
in consequence of the contract made by a late Sec-
retary of the Navy, to an amount far greater than
$30,000. I have'never known of a private claim
presented here, for which it would afford me so
much pleasure to vote, as for this bill as it now
stands.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, when I first
came to the Senate, 1 found the claim of David
Myerle referred to the committee of which 1 was
a member. I investigated it, as I thought, fully,
and read the arguments which had been adduced
against it ill the House. I came to the conclusion
that it ought not to be allowed. 1 entertained that
opinion throughout the last session, and should
have voted against it if it had come to a vote then.
The claim would have passed on one of the last
nights of the session, when it was brought forward
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] who advocated it; but at that mo-
ment the Senator from Kentucky, not now a mem-
ber of the Senate, [Mr. Underwood,] exposed to
us a large pile of papers, to listen to the reading
of which would have occupied hours. The Sena-
tor-from North Carolina at once withdrew the
claim. I saw that he had investigated it,and had
come to the conclusion that it was a just one. It
induced me, durnig the present session, to give it
a more thorough examination. I believe 1 have
examined every proof that has been produced on
the subject, and I h%ve come to the conclusion
that it is a very just claim, and ought to be paid.
I have regarded Mr. Myerle, as I think the
Senate must regard him, not as an ordinary con-
tractor who, falling in the precise stipulation of
his contract, is not to be paid, but as a special
agent of the Government, employed to develop
by experiment the great resources of the country
for the uses of the Navy; and in doing so I am
convinced that he has saved to this Go\eminent
in the matter of water-rotted hemp, millions of
dollars, whilst he has impoverished himself. We
have the testimony of the Secretary of the Navy
under whose direction it was done. His declara-
tion is unequivocal; and I haidly think any man
could investigate the claim without coming to the
conclusion that Mr. Myerle sustained a loss—-I
; siffof $30,000, because when a man con-
is amount of benefit on the country, I
will not t
fers this '
should hardly feel at liberty to quibble for a few
dollars—but as thecommittee has reported $30,000
I am willing to vote for that amount.
Mr. BA"SHRD. I do not intend to go into a
lengthy discussion of the merits of this claim; but
I must say a few words m reply to the honorable
Senator from Florida. He does not advance the
general idea which seems to prevail, that this claim
| must rest upon the ground that the Government
mf)de a contract with Myerle, and failing to per-
form the contract on its part, that he is entitled to
damages, which would of course be the profit
which would have been made by the contract, if
he had performed it. That is not the ground on
which it is put by the committee, though it is in
some measure thrown into it, and it is not the
ground upon which the honorable Senator from
Florida puts it.
The honorable Senator evidently considers Mr.
j Myerle as a special agent of the Government, em-
1 ployed for the purpose of introducing water-rotted
hemp for the benefit of the Navy of the United
States. Sir, if that were the ground upon which it
is put, it would be to measufficient objection to the
claim, because I know of no authority, nor shall I
be willing to sanction the act, upon the part of an
Executive officer, to assume legislative powers, and
undertake, upon the idea that any particular man-
ufacture, or any particular project, or any view of
his own, would be beneficial to the country, to
transcend his powers,and to appoint special agents
without authority of law.
j I should not consider that these special agents
I had any claim on this Government for remunera-
i tion, whether the project succeeded or failed, be-
I cause the doctrine would be a very dangerous one.
It is very certain, on an examination of the pa-
1 pers in this case, that all Mr. Paulding supposed
j he had a right to do, was to apply to Congress
for authority, in making a contract with David
Myerle, to go beyond the ordinary routine of con-
tracts, and make an advance of twenty-five per
cent, before the work to be performed was done.
That was done with a view of encouragement. A
bill passed the Senate, but failed in the House,
and he, therefore, had not even that authority.
Did he pretend, or did the papers show that he
pretended to appoint him a special agent? No,
he made a contract with him for a certain amount
of water-rotted hemp. How, then, can he raise
a claim against the United States Government^
founded on the idea of his appointment as a spe-
cial agent, which would have been a gross viola-
tion of duty on the part of the Executive officer >
lie would have been sanctioning an act which I
should be very unwilling to sanction in reference
to the course of the Executive officer of this Gov-
ment. It is in that mode that all abuses come in.
Into the subject of the contract 1 shall not enter;
nor shall I allude to the other objections which I
have to this claim. Other Senators have expressed
their opinions; suffice it to say that 1 shall express
mine.
After examining the case, certainly with no pre-
judice against the party, with entire ignorance of
him individually, and after hearing the report of the
committee read, it struck me that it was confused,
and that it placed the claim on n%known principle.
Subsequently to its passage, and when the recon-
| sideration was moved, 1 examined the papers, and
I I confess the conclusion I arrived at was, thaCas
I far as the Government is conceined, there is no
| shadow of a claim upon it in favor of Mr. Myerle;
, and, further, it lefta doubt in my mind whether he
was or was not actually an injured man, or lather
, whether his pecuniary affairs had been injured by
: the transactions into which he entered.
i There is no specific proof of the extentof prop-
! erty which he possessed, although there is no
; doubt that he failed in the business in which he
| embarked. But when the adverse opinions of
■ Senators, some of them not now here, are ex-
j pressed, their convictions in reference to the claim,
i allow me to say,musthave some weight with me.
j According to your opinions, Mr. President, de-
| rived from your constituents in the State of Mis-
souri, when you first presented a bill in regard to
i this claim in the Senate, as I understood, m your
; State, the presentation of the claim was universally
I condemned, and denounced as one in which there
I was no merit.
i Mr. PETTIT. I would like to refer the Sen-
