m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
ent with the union of these States, and with the j!
march of power and prosperity which has made 1
us what we are. It is a significant fact, that from j
the adoption of the Constitution until the officers i
and soldiers (M the Revolution had passed to their j
graves, or, through the infirmities of age and j
wounds, had ceased to participate actively m pub- j
Itc'.affairs, there was not merely a quiet acquies- j
"cence in, but a prompt vindication of, the consti- (
tutional rights of the States. The reserved powers j
.were scrupulously respected. No statesman put j
fortirthe narrow views of casuists to justify inter-
ference and agitation, but the spirit of the compact
was regarded as sacred in the eye of .honor, and
indispensable for the great experiment of civil lib- '
erty, which, environed by inherent difficulties, was :
yet borne forward in apparent weakness by a
power superior to all obstacles. There is no con-
demnation,, which the voice of freedom will not
pronounce upon us, should we prove faithless to
this great trust. While men inhabiting different
parts of this vast continent can no more be expected
to hold the same opinions, or entertain the same
sentiments, than every variety of climate or soil
can be expected to furnish the same agricultural
products, they can unite in a common object and
sustain common principles essential to the main-
tenance of that object. The gallant men of the
South and the North could stand together during ]
the struggle of the Revolution; they could stand j
together in the more trying period which sue- j
ceeded the clangor of arms. As their united j
valor was adequate to all the trials of the camp j
and dangers of the field, so their united wisdom t
proved equal to the greater task of founding, |
upon a deep and broad basis, institutions which it |
has been our privilege to enjoy, and will ever be j
our most sacred duty to sustain. It is but the j
feeble expression of a faith strong and universal, j
to say that their sons, whose blood mingled so j
often upon the same field, during the war of 1812, j
and who have more recently borne in triumph the j
flag of the country upon a foreign soil, will never I
permit alienation of feeling to weaken the power
of their united efforts, nor internal dissensions to
paralyze'the great arm of freedom, uplifted for the
vindication of self-government.
I'liave thus briefly presented such suggestions
as seem to me especially worthy of your consid-
eration. In providing for the present, you can
haully fail to avail youiseUes of the light which
the experience of the past casts upon the future.
The growth of our population has now brought
us, in the destined career of bur national history,
to a point at which it well behooves us to expand
our vision over the vast prospective.
The successive decennial returns of the census,
since the adoption of the Constitution, have re-
vealed a law of steady progressive development,
which may be stated, in general terms,as a dupli-
cation every quarter century. Carried forward,
from the point already readied, for only a short
peiiod of time as applicable to the existence of a
nation, this law of progress, if unchecked, will
bring us to almost incredible results. A large al-
lowance for a diminished proportional effect of
emigration would not very materially reduce the
. estimate, while the increased average duration
of human life, known to have ah eddy resulted
from the scientific and hygienic improvements of
the past fifty years, will tend to keep up through
the next fifty, or perhaps hundred, the same ratio
of growth, which has been thus revealed m our
past progress; and to the influence of these causes
may be added the influx of laboring masses from
eastern Asia to the Pacific side of our possessions,
together with the probable accession of the popu-
lations already existing in other parts of our
hemisphere, which within the period in question,
will feel, with yearly increasing force, the natural
attraction of so vast, powerful, and prosperous a
confederation of self-governing Republics, and
wilt seek the privilege of being admitted within its
safe and happy bosom, tiansfemng with them-
selves, by a peaceful and healthy process of incor-
poration, spacious regions of virgin and exuber-
ant soil, which are destined to swarm with the
fast-growing and fast-spreading millions of our
race.
These considerations spem fully to justify the
presumption, that the law of population above
stated, will continue to act with undiminished
effect, through at least the next half century; and
that thousands of persons who have already
arrived at maturity, and are now exercising the
rights of freemen, will close their eyes on the
spectacle of more than one hundred millions of
population embraced within the majestic propor-
tions of the American Union. It is not merely
as an interesting topicof speculation that I present
these views for your consideration. They have
important practical bearings upon all the political
duties we are called upon to perform. Heretofore,
our system of Government has worked oil what
may be termed a mmature scale, ill comparison
with the development which it must thus assume,
within a futuie so near at hand, as scarcely to be
beyond the present of the existing generation.
It is evident that a confederation so vast and so
varied, both ill numbers and m territorial extent, m
habits and in interests, could only be kept 111 na-
tional cohesion by the strictest fidelity to the
principles of the Constitution, as understood by
i those who have adhered to* the most restricted
I construction of the powers granted by the people
| and the States. Interpreted and applied accord-
I mg to those principles, the great compact adapts
| itself with healthy ease and freedom to an unlnn-
' ited extension of that benign system of federa-
tive sell-government, of which it is our glorious
and, I tiubt, immortal charter. Let us, then,
with redoubled vigilance, be on our guard against
yielding to the temptation of the exercise of
doubtful powers, even under the pressure ol the i
motives of conceded temporary advantage and ap- j
parent temporary expediency.
The minimum ot Federal Government, compat-
ible with the maintenance of national unity and
efficient action m our relations with the rest of the
j world, should afford the rule and measure of con-
I struction of our powers under the general clauses
j oi the Constitution. A spirit of strict deference
I to the sovereign rights and dignity of every State,
i rather than a disposition to subordinate the States
| into a provincial relation to the central authority,
! should characterize all our exercise of the respect-
I ive powers temporarily vested in us as a sacied
| trust from the generous confidence of our con-
stituents.
In like manner, as a manifestly indispensable
condition of the perpetuation of the Union, and
of the realisation of that magnificent national fu-
ture adverted to, does the duly become yeaily
stronger and clearer upon us, as citizens ot the
seveud .States, to cultivate a fraternal and affection-
ate spirit, language, and conduct, in regard to
j other States, and in relation to the varied interests,
I institutions, and habits of sentiment and opinion,
| which may respectively characterize them. Mu-
tual forbearance, respect, and non-interference m
j our personal action as citizens, and an enlarged
! exercise of the most liberal principles of comity
I 111 the public dealings of Suite with State, whether
I in legislation or ill "the execution of laws, are the
j means to perpetuate that confidence and fraternity,
! ibe decay of winch a mere political union, on so
i vast a scale, could not long survive.
| la still another point of view, is an important
j practical duty suggested by this consideration of
the magnitude ol dimensions, to which our polit-
■ ical system, with its corresponding machinery of
j government, is so lapidly expanding. With in-
j cieased vigilance does it lequire us to cultivate the
j cardinal virtues of public frugality and official in-
: tegrity and purity. Public affairs ought to be so
| conducted that a settled conviction shall pervade
; the entire Union, that nothing shoil of the highest
J tone and standard of public morality maiks every
i part of the administration and legislation of the
; General Government. Thus will the federal sys-
tem, whatever expansion time and progress may
, give it, continue more and more deeply rooted m
; the love and confidence of tiie people.
! That wise economy, which is as far removed
from parsimony as from corrupt and corrupting
II extravagance—that single regard for the public
! good, which will frown upon all attempts to ap-
'< proach the Treasury with insidious projects of pri-
' vate interest cloaked under public pretexts,—that
! sound fiscal administration, which, in the legisla-
j tive department, guards against the dangerous
temptations incident to overflown)!; revenue, and,
.1 in the executive, maintains an unsleeping watch-
J fulness against, the tendency ofall national expend-
:i iture to extravagance,—while they are admitted
|j elementary political duties, may, I trust, be
| deemed as propeily adverted to and urged, in view
II of the more impressive sense of that necessity,
which is directly suggested by the considerations
now presented.
Since the adjournment of Congress, the Vice
President of the United States has passed from
the scenes of earth, without having entered upon
the duties of the station to which he had been
called by the voice of his countrymen. Having
occupied, almost continuously, for more than
thirty years, a seat in one or theother of the two
' Houses of Congress, and having by his singular
i purity and wisdom, secured unbounded confidence
! and 'universal respect, his failing health was
: watched by the nation with painful solicitude.
His loss to the country, under all the circuni-
I stances, has been justly regarded as irreparable.
1 In compliance with the act of Congress of
. March 2, 1853, the oath of office was adminis-
tered to him on the 24th of that month, at Ariadne
' estate, near Matanzas, in the Island of Cuba; but
his strength gradually declined, and was hardly
sufficients enable him to return to his home in
Alabama, where, on the eighteenth day of April,
■ in the most calm and peaceful way, his long and
] eminently useful career was terminated.
Entertaining unlimited confidence m your intel-
' ligent and patriotic devotion to the public interest,
and being conscious of no motives on my part
; which are not inseparable from the honor and ad-
; vancementof my country, I hope it may be my
' privilege to deserve and secure, not only youreor-
1 dial cooperation in great public measures, but
also those relations of mutual confidence and re-
gard, which it is always so desirable to cultivate
between members of coordinate branches of the
Government.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, D. C., December 5, 1853.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to lay the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow that motion to stand as
it is until the President's message shall have been
disoosed of, as that is now before the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move then that the mes-
sage be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that the usual
number of copies, with 20,000 extra copies, with
the accompanying documents, be printed for the
use of the members of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the motion I in-
tended to make, but I am willing that the gentle-
should make it.
Mr. McNAIR. What is the usual number?
Mr. FLORENCE. Fifteen thousand.
Mr. HOUSTON. The usual number is one for
each member of this body.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand my colleague
to ask what is the usual number of extra copies.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
Mr FLORENCE. The usual number, as
stated by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] has been one copy for each member.
My proposition is, to print 20,000 extra copies of
the message and the accompanying documents for
the use of the memhers of the House.
Mi*. ORE. I can give the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] the information he
desires. The usual number primed of certain
documents for the use of the House, the Senate,
and the various Departments, is about 1,500. The
usual number of the message and accompanying
documents heretofore printed has been 15,000
copies : and I do not see the necessity for printing
any more than that number now. They are cum-
bersome documents, and are not generally read.
I move to amend rhe gentleman's motion by
striking out 20,000, and inserting 35,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that this is the begin-
ning of a new Administration, and these docu-
ments—-the President's message and accompany-
ing papers—are intended to develop the poiicv of
that Administration at its commencement. While
I know that 15,000 copies were piinted at the last
session—yet under the circumstances it seems to
me that 20,000 are a small number to be asked for
upon this occasion. I therefore hope that the gen-
,!j tleman from Pennsylvania will persist m his mo-
1 ticn, and that we will order the number asked for
to be printed.
Mr. ORR. It is within a few years that lha
