1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£88J
GENERAL NATHANIEL GREENE.
Mr. EVANS. 1 did not propose to ask the <
Senate to depart from the regular order of bust" !
neys; hut as they have already done it in one case*
I ask the consent of the Senate to take up and con-
sider now the biii repoited from theCommirtee on
Revolutionary Claims "for the relief of Phineas 1
M. Nightingale, administrator of the estate of
Genera! Nathaniel Greene, deceased." :
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit- j
tee of the Whole. i
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas- ;
nry to pay to Mr. Nightingale, asadmimstrator of :
the estate of General Greene, $9,018 63, with in- ;
teres? at the rare of six per cent, per annum from
July 6, 1850, until paid, in liquidation of a balance ,
due to the estate of General Greene for becoming
security for Banks & Co., Army contractors in the j
Revolution. ■
debt or'not. By the adjudication of the courts of
South Carolina, it was decided that it w>ts not so
liable, and this application was delayed anul this
laie period, merely because it could riot be known
with certainty, till within a few years ago, that
there was any liability on the part of the Govern-
ment to indemnify the heirs of General Greene for
this residuum. That accounts satisfactorily for
the delay. But still, sir, this is a case sui generis.
It stands on Us own footing, it rests on no prin-
ciple applicable to the general class of cases on
which Congress have decided that they will pay
no interest.
Sir, is it just to refuse interest in this case, when
we consider the generous, the liberal, even the
bountiful spiritof the Government in making com-
pensation to the revolutionary officers and soldiers,
and to the officers and soldiers of every war w hich
has taken place from the period of the Revolution
to this day ? We have been generous, liberal, and
Mr. BELL. I move to amend the bill by i; bountiful in voting both lands and money, as a
striking out 1850 and inserting 1794, so as to ai- ; i general rule, even for slight military services.
1 ' r~  1*rr>A "*:I *' * - 1 1 ' Here is a case presented for actual losses, sacri-
low interest from 1794 until the money be paid.
Tins, air, is not like those cases in which the Sen-
ate have adopted the stringent rule of not paying
interest. It is not like the case of commutation
or half pay to the officers of the revolutionary
army. Jt is a case which, perhaps, is without pre-
cedent. So far as I know, it is altogether without
precedent. This is not a proposition to compen-
sate General Greene for revolutionary services,
fices of private property incurred on account of
becoming surety of the Government when it was
without credit, and when the march of the very
expedition in which General Greene was then en-
gaged depended on procuring immediate subsist-
ence for his troops; and he pledged his private
fortune, and has had to sacrifice it. I merely pre-
sent this as a question whether you will pay in-
meritorious as his were, but for the sacrifice of his ii teiest in such a case, or not. i see, however," that
own private property incurred by becoming the |] it is not the disposition of the Senate to have any
surety of the United States officers m supplying : —  1 '• — ' *
the armies of the South at a most peiilous and
exigent period of the revolution. If the Sen-
ate of the United States say that that is a case
whi^h should come within the common ruleof not
paying interest, I shall not have another word to
say. Let me repeat, however, that this is a prop-
osition not to compensate the heirs of General
Greene for his revolutionary services, but to in-
demnify them for the sacrifice of his own proper-
ty, as the surety, I may say, of the Government,
in laying in supplies for the subsistence of the
armies. The contractors were unable to furnish
supplies for the Army without General Greene's
pei sonal obligation to pay, and heagieed, by his
own signature, to indorse the credit of the Con-
federation of the United States for the amount of
supplies that might be furnished.
if I supposed that honorahleSenatorsherecould
concur in the sentiment that this was a case which
should come within the common rule, I would not
offer this amendment. I know the committee have
proposed to give this indemnity under the restric-
tion of the ordinary rule, but 1 say this is not an
ordinary or a common case. This is not the kind -
of case in regard to which the Congress of the \
United States have laid down the principle that '
they will pay no interest. This, sir, was an ob- !
ligation on the part of this Government to mdem- t
nify General Greene. He had to make the sacn- j
fice of his own property in order to pay this debt, j
which was not his own debt, but the debt of the !
Government of the United States. Is that an \
ordinary case? j
Congress, in 1792, passed a bill for the relief of i
General Greene. They did it under certain anti- !
cipations, which have not been realized. It so
protracted discussion on questions of this descrip- I
tion, and I submit. 1
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, this is a ineri- ]
tonous claim; but at the same time it rests on the j
same footing m regard to the alio wance of interest i
as a hundred other cases which have been acted i
on in the Senate. The facts are these: Whilst !
General Greene commanded the American troops ;
in Chaileston, in 1762 and 1783, he found great !
difficulty in supplying them with clothing and !
provisions. He er.tered into an agreement with :
Banks & Co., who contracted to furnish the sup- ;
plies necessary; but upon their own credit they j
> could not do it. General Gieene, therefore, was j
] compelled, in order to procure these supplies, to i
| put his name to the bond which was given to 'he I
I persons from whom the supplies were furnished. ;
; An order was given by Geneial Greene upon Mr. j
j Morris, who was the treasurer in Philadelphia,
I for the payment of this amount, and it was paid. |
The Government of the United States paid it to
the contractor for whom General Greene was se-
curity; but he, instead of applying the money to
the payment of this debt, appropriated it to other
purposes, and left the bond on which General
Greene was security unpaid. The result was,
that General Greene was liable,and subsequently
did pay the debt, and m the year 1791 his exec-
utrix petitioned Congress to be relieved. In the
mean time, however, General Greene had obtained
some security from a man by the name of Feme,
who was one of the partners of the firm of Banks
& Co., by a mortgage, or lien of some sort, on a
tract of land; but this land was liable to a prior
mortgage of =£1,000 sterling to a man in England
by the name of Murray. In 1788, after the death
of General Greene, I believe, the mortgagor in
turned out that the amount which Congress at j j England filed his bill to foreclose the mortgage,
that time agreed to appropriate was not sufficient, -i General Greene's family about the same time in-
Frotn that time until this claim was presented— i! stituted proceedings against Ferrie, who was enti-
an ac* t*I *  mwtv. A ~ ^ ^ i ^ J i _ . L _      . . . . . • i i *r*r
an interval of nearly sixty years—the question
was in litigation, whether certain real estate sit-
uated in South Carolina, was actually liable for
the payment of this debt, it was property taken
as collateral security by General Greene, to in-
demnify himself against this obligation, and the
Government of the United States, in the act of
1792, provided that the amount realized from it
should be deducted from the indemnity to him.
I believe there have been sixty years of litigation
about tt.
Mr.'EVANS. It was fifty yearg from the time
of the sale until the final decree of the court of
equity.
■Mr. BELL. Then there were fifty years of
litigation till this claim was presented here. At
all eveiits, it was only a short time belore the
claim was presented that the litigation was determ-
ined; and it wtts not known until within a very
short period before the presentation of the claim,
whether that property was really liable for the
tied to the reversionary interest in the land. Upon '
the bearing of the case, the court ordered that the
land should be sold, and the proceeds of the sale
applied, first to the extinguishment of the mort- ■
gage, and then that the balance should go to Gen-
era) Greene. The land was sold. It brought
enough to pay the mortgage, and left <£2,400 over ,
and above it, whk-h was applicable to General
Greene's claim. Well, sir, when General Greene :
applied to the Government to be reimbursed, ,■
Congress agreed to indemnify him' fortius loss :
which he had sustained. The Government, how- j
ever, had already paid the amount, and it was 1
not a legal obligation on them. General Greene
was not their security; he w;.s security for an !;
army agent. .On the settlement of this cleim of ■
General Gteene's, however, this sum of -i'2,400
was deducted. Nothing was heard of this niauer"'
fiom that time until about 1840.
Mr. BELL. Nothing heard by this Govern- j:
raent?
Mr. EVANS. Nothing heard of it anywhere,
so far as I know, or so far as there is any evif
dence, until some timfe within a year or two of
1840. Then, it appeared, upon investigationythut"
the creditor in England had never been paid* and
his administrator filed a bill m chancery to "sub-
ject this land to the payment of his money; and
then it turned out, too, that his agent-who had*
bought the land had never taken title. The alleged
ground upon which he had not taken title was
that there was a dispute about the land. -- For this
reason, the title had never been perfected and the
money never paid. That bill was dismissed, be-
cause it appeared, from the ongioaJ decree made
in 1788, or thereabouts, that General Greene's rep-
resentatives had an interest in it. Another bill
was filed, and then General Greened representa-
tives were made parties, and that is the first time
anything'was known of this case, so far as they
were concerned. During the lapse of time from
1789, when the land was sold, up to 1840, this
plantation had gone to ruin; and when it was sub-
sequently sold under the original decree, instead
of bringing: the sum it at first brought,it was sold-
for only $13,000, and left General Greene's rep-
resentatives only about §2,000 instead of £2,400^
Their application now is to be refunded the differ-
ence between the <£2,400 and the sum they actually
received, which was less than $2,000.
Mr. BELL. I wish to ask the honorable Sena-
tor whether the title to this property was not in
litigation from an early period?
Mr. EVANS There was no litigation about
it. It was in dispute; but there was no litigation«
so far as General Greene's heirs ever took any
participation in it. The land was abandoned;
third persons set up claims to it. There was a
claim sec up by the heir*at law of the original
mortgagor; but there was no proceeding in any
court, and no notice taken of it, until about 1840.
Mr. BELL. Does the honorable Senator mean
that no case was pending in the courts of South
Carolina during that time?
Mr. EVANS. I say no casfe was pending with
which General Greene's heirs had anything to do,^
and there was never any case pending in court
m relation to this land until 1830, which was forty
years after the original sale, when the administra-
tor of Murray filed a bill against a Mr. Daniel,
who was in possession of the land.
Mr. BELL. As 1 understand it, it was in liti-
gation from as early as 1788 or 1789. There was
then a decree for the sale, and the property was
sold.
Mr. EVANS. But there was no litigation.
Mr. BELL. That was in a suit at chancery;
but the money was not paid, and there was not a
finality to that proceeding until after 1840. Gen-
eral Greene di&d previous to that original sale, as I
understand.
Mr. EVANS. I believe he did.
Mr BELL. He died in 1787 or 1783. As I
understand the case, there was no settlement of
that sale; there was no final decree; the money was
not paid between the parties, buttheie were two
or three who claimed the prpperty at different
times, and there was no final settlementu.itil 1840>
or thereabouts.
Mr. EVANS. There was a final decree in
1789, I think it was. The commissioner then re-
poited that the land had beet^pld for so much,
and the court decreed that M^pky's mortgage of
<£1,000 should be paid, ami that the balance, af-
terwards ascertained to be £2,400, should be paid
to the representatives of General Greene. That
was a final proceeding; but the then purchaser
never took title, and never paid the money- His
pretext for not doing it was, that the title was dis-
puted. It turned out that there was a claim set
up to it, but that the claim was utterly worthless;
and it was proved to bp so fit the end.
Mr. BELL. That was finally settled in 1840,
or thereabouts.
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. General Greene was dead during
the whole period of this transaction. The act of
Congress for his relief wa* passed in 1792. Ii
was based upon that d<ciee for the sale of this
land; and the sum to which he \v\s entitled under
that original decree, <£\?,400, was excepted out of
the indemnity allowed him at that time, not one
cent of which did his heirs ever receive except
#2,000.
