1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IB
number printed has exceeded 10,000 copies. In
ray judgment, 15,000 copies are a great abund-
ance.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I believe the
gentleman from South Carolina is mistaken in
supposing that the President's message and docu-
mentjs are not read. If they are printed in pam-
phlet form and circulated among my constituents,
or the constituents of the representatives of the
State of New Yoik, I am very certain that they
will be generally read.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Thepeople
now are reading much more than formerly. Our
country is largely extended, and schools are being
multiplied daily: and to say that no more than sixty,
eighty, or one hundred persons in each Congres-
sional district, will read those documents, shows
an indifference in regard to them among the peo-
ple, with which 1 can hardly acquiesce. I believe
it would be more compatible for the interests of
the country, to print 50,000 extra copies; and I
am confident, at least it is so, as far as my own
district is concerned, that that number will hardly
suffice for those who wish to read these documents.
In behalf of my own constituents, I ^o for 50,000,
and if the constituents of other members will not
read them, I will be very much obliged, if they
will send them to mine.
Mr. PHELPS. It seems to me that this de-
bate upon the motion to print an extra number of
copies of the message and accompanying docu-
ments is rather premature. By a law passed a
the last session of Congress, it is provided that all
motions to print extra copies of any bill, report,
or other public document, shall be referred to the
members of the Committee on Printing in the
House wheie the motion may be made; so that a
motion to print an extra number of copies of these
documents must necessarily go to the Committee
on Printing, and await their report upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That has been the language
of the joint rule, and the law which has governed
us, for several years; but its universal construc-
tion has been, that it did not apply to a message
from the President of the United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly; it has been so :
decided. ]
Mr. HOUSTON. All communications from !
heads of Departments, separate and distinct from j
those accompanying the President's message I
now before us, would be subject to the law j
which the gentleman has read, but it has never j
been construed as applying to the message of the I
President of the United States; and I hope, there- i
fore, that the gentleman from Missouri will let :
this matter take its course. i
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mis- [
souri [Mr. Phelps] will refer to the 61st rule, he ,
will find that that rule sustains the gentleman from J
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. PHELPS. I was referring to the act of j
Congress, and not to any rule. But, sir, I have 1
no desire at all to impede the printing of this ,
document. I desire the number to be printed i
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. j
Florence] proposes. i
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. It has j
been susrsrsted to me that the House will not j
vote the 50,000 copies, but might vote 30,000. I !
therefore modify my amendment to the amend- ;
men* so as to mnke the number 30,000. '
The SPEAKER. The question will be first j
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Illi- ;
nois [Mr. Wentwortii] to the amendment of the !
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] j
which is to strike out 44 15,000," and insert
" 30,000 " m lieu thereof. !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. T wish to say ,
but one word upon this subject. I hope that the .
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro- >
lma will prevail. Fifteen thousand is the usual \
number which has been heretofore printed. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WENTWonni] says 1
that number will give seventy copies to each mem- ;
ber, and that he has a great many more than
seventy men in his district who can or will read
this document.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I said who were mix- '
ious to read it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I tell the gentleman that
there are, pethctps, three thousand in my district j
who Are anxious to read it. But will you extend the ;
number to a million ? Are we to sit here and print j
documents for every man who is anxious to read I
them ? Sir, they must get this information from
the newspapers of the country. Fifteen thousand
copies will give seventy copies to each member.
That will be sufficient to supply the schools, news-
papers, public libraries, and the various offices in
the counties, where people who desire to see these
documents can always have access to them.
^ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Georgia I will correct
his statement that fifteen thousand copies will
give seventy copies to each member. It will e-ive
only about forty copies to each member; twenty
thousand copies would give sixty or sixty-one to
each member.
Mr. STEPHENS. I was arguing airainst the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Westworth.] 1 did not make any calculation
myself.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Illinois is
mistaken, then. Pie may have made the calcula-
tion that the 30,000 copies he proposes to print,
would give seventy-five or eighty copies to each
member; 15,000 would give only about forty-one
copies to each member.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, that is the usual
number.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman from Georgia, to state the number of
copies that was printed at the commencement of
the last Administration, when the Whig policy was
to be developed.
Mr. S TEPHENS. I think it was 15,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Wei!, the Whig policy
was quite as important to the country as the poll-
ay of this Administration
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not detain theHouse
further, but I trust that the House wdl only order
the printing of 15,000 extra copies.
Mr, HIBBARD. I believe that the House is
now ready to vote upon this matter, and to dispose
of it, and for the purpose of bringing on that vote,
I cril for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was first upon Mr. Went-
wortii's amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
[Voices from all parts of the Hall. "No, no !"
" We'll vote it down !" and " Withdraw it!*']
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I withdraw the call
for the present.
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment; and, on a division, there were
| —yeas 76; nays ll(i.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
1 jected.
The question was then put upon the amend-
j ment of Mr. ORR, to strike out 20,000 copies
| extra, and insert 15,000; and on a division, there
| were—ayes 71.
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the |
i yeas and nays. i
The yeas and navs were not ordered, fifteen
only voting in the affirmative, which number was
not one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's propo-
sition, and it was dmsreed to.
The question was then taken on the proposition
of Mr. Florence, and it was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Speaker, the order just
: made for the printing of the President's message
; and accompanying documents will, I think, remind
; the House of the necessity of proceeding with the
! organization of the House by the election of a
! public printer, without whom the law, as I under-
; stand, makes no provision for the printing.
| Mr. HOUSTON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I move to reconsider the vote by which
i the motion of the g-emleman from Pennsylvania
I [Mr. Florence] was agreed to; and that that
i motion do he upon the table.
i The question was taken, and the latter motion
; was agreed to.
( Mr. HIBBARD. For the purpose suggested,
] I offer the following resolution, and I hope the
! House will act upon it now, and proceed to the
' election of a public printer. Upon its passage I
i call for the previous question:
I Resolved, That the House do now proeeed to the elec-
tion of a public printer for the House of Representative's '
lor the present Congress.'
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to * point of'
order. When the message from the rresiderit
was received, we were dcting on the question :of
the election of a Chaplain; and I would ask
whether it does not now take precedence of any '
other business?
The SPEAKER. Such is the fact. While the
, proposition of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire is a privileged one, yet it must give way to
, the business indicated by the gentleman from illi—
I nois.
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw my resolution.
I Mr. HAMILTON* 1 move that'the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FULLER. I submit a motion which
. takes precedence of that of the gentleman from.
. Maryland; and it is that when this- House ad-
journs to-day it be to meet on Fiiday next. His
made with a view of giving the Speaker time to
form the standing committees. Gentlemen are
well aware that time and deliberation are required
for that purpose.
A Member. I ask for a division of the House
upon that question.
Mr. FULLER. Upon the request of several
members I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion to adjourn.
The question was put and disagreed to, and
the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
laying the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] upon the table.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order.
It is whether the resolution proposed to be offered
by me, being a privileged matter, relating to the
organization of the House, does not take prece-
dence of the motion submitted by the gentleman
from South Carolina?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it takes precedence of business immediately before
the House, and being acted upon by the House,
except by unanimous consent. The House now
comes back to the precise point at which the busi-
ness was arrested by the introduction of the Presi-
dent's message. . -
The question, then, is upon laying upon the
table the following resolution:
uResolved, (the .Senate concurring,) That two Chaplain s
be elected, one by the Senate and the other by the Bouse
of Representative*, and that they''officiate alternately
during the present session of Congress.
And upon that motion, the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was then put, and there were—
yeas, 18; nays J85.
.YEAS—Moists. Abercrombie, Bntrg, Chastain, Cnbb,
John G. DavN, Thomas Davis. TVnf, Edseiton, Gro.eny
Giow, Henn. Georee W.Jones, McMulHn, Nichols, Phelps,
William Smith, Fredenck P. Stanton, and Well*-—18.
NAYH—Me-ssr?. Aiken, James O. Allen, Willi-? Allen,
Appleton, A<he, Davul J- Bailey, Thomas H. Ball,
Banks, Belchei, Bennett, Benson. Benton, Bliss,
Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges. Brook5?, Lewis Tj Camp-
bell, CaipPTitPr, Cam tliers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chacp, Chrjj-man. Churcluvell, Clark, Clingman, Colquitt,
Cook. Corwm, Cox, Craige, Crocker, CmIIohj, Cummtng,
Curtis, Cntnna, Dawson, Dean. De Witt, Dick. Dickinson,
Di^m-y. Dowdell, Drum, I)unbar, Dunham, Eastman, Ed-
nminlson. Elliott, FJh-on, Enst^h, Ethendge. Everhart,
Ewing, Fniley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flaaler, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich. Greenwood,
Giey, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Malting® Haven, Hen-
dricks, Ilibbard, Hiester, Hill, Hillyer, Hoii*fon, Howe,
TInghes, Hunt, imrersoll, Johnson. K^ftt, Kerr, Knlwett,
Kmrerlge, Knox, Kuitz, Lamb, Lane. Latham, Letcher,
Lilly, Lmdlev, Lindsay. Lyon, McCulloch, MacdouahJ,
iMcDougal. McNnir, McQueen, Mace. Macv,
Mauiice, Maxwell, Mav, Mavall, Mescham, MicMJeswiirth,
John G Miller, Smith Miller, Milteon. Morgan, NoMe,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordeqai Oliver, Orr, Packer,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington. Bishop Perkins, John
T. Perkins, Philips, Pratt. Preston, Prinsle, Puryar,
Readv, Reese, RichauU-on, David Kitchie, ThomasKitcliey,
Rohl.ii!-;, Rogers, Rufiin, Kussell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Seymour, Shaw, Shower. Simmon®, Samuel A. Smith,
William R. Smith, Pnodgrass, Richard H Sra to  ; Alex-
ander n. Steplien?. Hestor L. Steveus, ftfrarton, rUrawb,
Amliew^tuart, C.ivid Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Ta\ lor, Thur*fon. Tracv, Trout, Tweed, Cpham, Vail,
Vacant, Wade, Walbndge. Walsh, EUlm B Washhnrne,
J=>at>l Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappnn W< ?tt\vorth,
Wpj-tbrook. Wheeler, Witte, Hendrtck B. Wrj ht, and
Zollicoffer—185.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table,
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
