M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
Secretary j
1 a bill
the. hands of Asbury Dickins, its
informing the House that they had
entitled, "An act to indemnify the State of Indi-
ana for the failure of title to a township of land
granted to said State on her admission into the
Union in 18] 6," in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
CHAPLAINS AGAIN.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the word "session,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the word " Con-
gress."
I wish to state briefly the reason why I offer
the amendment. At the first session of the last
Congress we elected a Chaplain who served us for
ifine months. At the second session we elected
another gentleman. He served for three months,
and for that three months' service received the
same compensation as the Chaplain for the first
session, who served nine months. I think it is
right that we should elect a man for the whole
Congress, in the same manner that we do every
other officer.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend the resolution
by adding thereto the following:
Provided, Tliat the compensation of said Chaplains shall
be deducted pro rata from the pvr-diein compensation of
the members of the Senate and House of Representatives.
And upon that T ask the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the Chair puts that
question I should like to have the gentleman from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Floremce] accept a modifica-
tion of his resolution, so as to make it embrace
the language of the resolution which came from
the Senate this morning, which is, that they be
taken from different denominations.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is the universal practice
here, and I hope it will be carried out now.
Mr. FLORENCE accepted the proposed modi-
fication.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
, is upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Henn.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
dricks,] it was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, as amended, and it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, ;
the House then adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
I counting officers ofthe Treasury; which was read,
' and ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the first annual report of the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the report, with
the accompanying papers, was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
ELECTION OP CHAPLAIN.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the
following concurrent resolution from the House
of Representatives was considered and agreed to:
'■ Resolved, (the Senate concurrinu,) That two Chaplains,
of different denominations, be elected, one by the Senate
and the other by the House of Representatives, and that
they officiate alternately during the present session ot Con-
gress."
The Senate proceeded to ballot for a Chaplain
on its part, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 39; necessary to
a choice, 20; of which—
Rev. Henry Shcerreeeived 18
Rev. William Hodges  
Rev. S. Tuhtm, D. D ?
Rev. H. S. Ohaptn 
Rev. Henry Ward Beecher 2
There being no election, the Senate proceeded
to a second ballot, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 43 ; necessary to
a choice, 22 ; of which—
Rev. II. Sheer received 
Rev. Witham Hodges. Is
llev. H. W. Bceeher  2
Rev. S. Tustm, D. D  1
Blank  1
There still being no choice, the Senate proceed-
ed to a third ballot, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 43; necessary to
a choice, 22; of which—
Rev. H. Sheer received 
Rev. W. liodiics 
Rev. H. Tustm, l>. I)  1
The Rev. H. Slicer having received a majority
of the votes cast, was declared duly elected.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 7, 1853.
The Hon. Isaac P. Walker, of Wisconsin,
and the Hon. A. Dixon, of Kentucky, appeared
and took their seats this morning.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. W. V. Mc-
Kean, Chief Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed to inform the Senate that
the (louse of Representatives have passed a joint resolution
for the relief of Alexander P. Field, iate Secretary of Wis-
consin Territory, and his suieties, in which they ask the
concurrence of the Senate.
AN", a concurrent resolution for the appointment of two
Chaplains lor ihe first session of tlie Thirty Third Congress.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT presented the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which, on mo-
tion by Mr. Hitxter, was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the usnsl num-
ber of extra copies of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tcm. laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Treasurer ofthe United States,
communicating copies of his accounts for the third
and fourth quarters of 1852, and the first and
second quarters of 1853, as adjusted by the ac-
PETITIONS.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of C. K.
Garrison, President of the Oriental and Pacific
Steam Navigation Company, for a mail route be-
tween San Francisco and China, via the Sand-
wich Islands; which was ordered to lie on the
table until the standing committees be appointed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of T. R. Fontleroy, a colonel in the Army of the
United States, and other officers, praying for an
increase of compensation; which was ordered to
he on the table. *
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Pamela Brown, widow of the late Major General
Jacob Brown, praying for a pension; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of A. Mothershead, praying
for a pension; which was ordered to he on the
table. >.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeting of
citizens of Iowa, asking Congress to make grants
of public land m aid of certain railroads m that
State; which were ordered to lie on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce the following bills;
which were read a first time, and ordered to lie on
the table until the standing committees shall have
been appointed:
A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, man-
ufactures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting to every man who is the head of a family,
and a citizen of the United States, a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
public domain upon condition of occupancy and
cultivation of the same for the period herein spe-
cified ;
A bill to refund to the State of California the
expenses incurred in suppressing Indian aggres-
sions in that State;
A bill to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California, which were collected in the ports of
said State as revenue upon imports since the rati-
fication of the treaty of peace between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to
the admission of said State into the Union.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri the right
of way and alternate sections of the public lands,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Shreveport in Louisiana, via Washington, Fort
Smith, and Van Buren, in Arkansas, and by
Springfield and Independence to St. Joseph s in
Missouri. . .
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the State
of Louisiana the right of way, and a donation of
public lands, for the purpose of locating and con-
structing a railroad from Shreveport to the Mis-
sissippi river in said State.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Louisiana
the right of way, and a donation of public lands,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a
railroad from Algiers, on the Mississippi river, to
the Sabine river m said State.
Mr. BENJAMIN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a biil granting to the
State of Louisiana the right of way, and a dona-
tion of public iand for the purpose of construct-
ing a railroad from New Orleans to the State line •
of Mississippi, in the direction of the town of
Jackson.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
j offer an amendment to the rules of the Senate, so
I as to change the number of members of certain
i standing committees.
| ALEXANDER P. FIELD,
j Mr. GWIN. At the last session a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Alexander P. Field, late Sec-
retary of Wisconsin Territory, and his sureties,
passed the Senate unanimously, on the recom-
mendation of the Comptroller of the Treasury
Department. It merely directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the account
of Mr. Field. It has been passed by the House
this session, and been sent here this morning. I
move that the Senate proceed to its consideration
at this time.
The motion was agreed to. The resolution was
read twice, and considered by the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
Alexander P. Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin
! Territory, upon principles of equity and justice:
provided, that no credit shall be allowed to him
in the settlement, with the exception of twelve
different items therein named, amounting to
$3,761 06.
Mr. WALKER. There is an error in the bill
which it will be important to amend. In one of
the items which it proposes to settle, the name
reads " Isaiah Newnan;" it should be " Josiah
A. Newnan." I move to strike out " Isaiah'*
and insert " Josiah A."
The amendment was agreed to; the joint resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate as amended, the
amendment was concurred in; the joint resolution
was ordered to a third reading, and was read a
third time and passed.
SICKNESS IN EMIGRANT SHIPS.
On motion by Mr. FISH, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted
by him on the 5th instant:
" Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
to considei the causes and the extent of the sickness and
mortality prevailing on hoard of emigrant ships on the vov-
age to this country; and whether any, and what, further
legislation is needed for the better protection of the health
and lives of passengers on board of such vessels."
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Chde<ed, That the select committee be appointed by tho
President yrro tempore.
UNITED STATES JUDICIAL SYSTEM. '
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Clayton was considered and adopted, as follows:
(< Resolred, Thai the President he respectfully requested
to present to the .Senate the plan referred to in his message
to Congress thu day, and which he is prepared to recom-
mend, for the enlargement and modification of the present
judicial system of the United States."
EI/ECTTON OF PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President,
I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on , proceed to the
election of a public printer, to do the public printing for th«
Tnirty Thiid Congress, in accordance with the eighth Mic-
tion of the act "to provide for executing the public printing,
and establishing the prices thereof, arid for other purposes,"
appioved August 26th, 1852.
