IB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 8,
tion of its merits. I know very well, sir, that a
good deal of weight is justly due to the fact that
this bill passed both Houses of Congress; but 1
suggest that very many bills passed both Houses
of Congress during the last session which ought
not, and will not, pass through this Congress.
But, howeyer that may be, let us agree now to
pass no bill whatever until it shall have gone
through the ordinary and necessary forms of legis-
lation—until it shall have been referred to the
appropriate committee, and investigated. Let all
bills be printed and laid upon the tables of members
according to the practice of the House. Let the
report be submitted, and let those who may have
objections to any bill, have an opportunity of
presenting them; but for God's sake let us not
now, upon the third day of the session, establish
the practice in any case, however strong it may
seem to be, of passing a bill on the representation
of it? friends alone.
1 have no doubt, personally, of the correctness
of the statement of thegentleman from Indiana. I
know he acts in good faith, and I have implicit
confidence in his statement. But there may be
other cases where we may be called upon to do
the same thing, when we have not sufficient
knowledge upon the subject. The bill is in no
danger, and to pass this bill to-day, without even
the printing of it, without its examination by any
committee, we shall do that which may be drawn
into a precedent; and I trust, sir, the House will
see proper to disregard the urgent appeal of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COBB. I suppose the House is well in-
formed in relation to the subject'before them; and
as we have many other bills which we desire to
present, I think, in order to economise the time of
the House, I shall do well in moving the previous
question.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw the previous question
until I can make a single inquiry.
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw it, if the gentle-
man desires it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
at the hands of Asisury Dickiks, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution of the following title, with an
amendment, viz:
"Joint resolution for the relief of Alexander V. Field,
late Secretary ofWiscont-m, and sureties'."
Also, that the Senate had elected the Rev. Henry
Slicer as Chaplain on their part.
INDIANA UNIVERSITY LANDS.
Mr. CULLOM. I simply wish to make on in-
quiry of the gentleman from Indiana, who is
pressing the passage of this resolution in some-
what of-hot haste. I am not, like my friend from
Indiana, in full recollection of all the facts con-
nected with this matter. 1 understand that this
bill proposes to appropriate lands to the State of
Indiana in lieu of lands lost to the University of
Indiana, and which were granted to her on her
admission into the Union in XS1G. I want to in-
quire of my friend, whether the lands lost to the
State University, was not gained by another Uni-
versity in the State, and whether the State of In-
diana did not have the full benefit of it?
Mr. DUNHAM. Nominally, those lands have
been recovered by what purports to be another
institution, but actually, as 1 understand, no such
institution has been in existence for more than
thirty years, and never was a State institution,
but a private corporation, in which the State
has never in any way had any interest, and over
which it has never had any control. The intention
of Congress was to endow a State institution, en-
tirely under the control of, and belonging to, the
State. Congress, the State, and everybody else
so understood it, and acted accordingly. The
State Legislature took possession of and sold
these lands, established a State University, erected
buildings, and applied the funds arising from the
sale of these and O'her lands to its permanent en-
dowment. It has now been in successful operation
for nearly thirty years, and is at this time one of the
most flourishing institutions of the kind in the
West.
The corporate University at Vincennes quietly
acquiesced in this state of things, and, as every-
body supposed, became dissolved and extinct.
But within a few years past, this private corpora- !
tion has been resuscitated, and, by a late decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, declared
to be entitled to some nineteen thousand acres of
the lands with which the State institution was
endowed. This does not leave the latter sufficient
funds to sustain itself, and, if some remedy is not
provided, it must fail. It was clearly the inten-
tion of Congress, by the act admitting Indiana into
the Union, and therefore it became a part of the
contract upon which she came into the Union,
that she should have a grant of two whole town-
ships of land to endow a State institution of learn-
ing. The tide to one of those townships failed,
arid she has been deprived of it because Congress,
according to the decision of the court, had pre-
viously granted it to others, it is, therefore, for
this House to say whether the contract, upon
which the State came into the Union, shall be
mantained by making up this deficiency or not;
whether this institution shall now go down for
want of the endowment Congress stands pledged
to bestow upon it.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order,
and it is this: Has a gentleman a right to make
a motion, and then after making his speech, call
the previous question, shut off everybody else in
the House from speaking, and then continue to
talk himself? Does the previous question include
him as well as the rest of the House?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is not
pending.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 will not trespass upon the
time of the House, but I must say that the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dun-ham,] has fully confirmed me in the convic-
tion that this bill should take the course of other
bills. The explanation of my friend has fallen
very far short of satisfying me that tins thing
should not be further investigated in the House.
The former action of the Senate and this House
will have very little influence upon my course
when I comc to vote upon this question. With-
out intending to be understood by my friend from
Indiana as being at all hostile to the measure, yet
for the purpose of a better understanding of this
thing, 1 am compelled to concur in the sentiments
of my friend from the State of Virginia, [Mr.
Mili.sox,] that this bill ought to be referred to a
committee.
Mr. McMULLlN. It seems to me that noth-
ing can be done here, if every gentleman is to
occupy the regular time allotted for public busi-
ness in explanation of his local bill. More time
will evidently be consumed in this way than
would be by referring bills of this character to the
appropriate committee; and, therefore, for the
purpose of disposing of this matter, as I cordially
concur with the views of my colleague upon my
right, [Mr. Millson,] I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question first recurring upon the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
House, and order it to be printed, it was put,
and carried in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred.
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN AGAIN.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not now in order to
move that the House proceed to the election of a
Chaplain ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move, then, that the
House do now proceed to the election of a Chap-
lain, in accordance with the order passed on yes-
terday.
Mr. HENSf. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
(Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The question was put, and the House refused to
j adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now call up my motion,
i The SPEAKER. The message from the Sen-
, ate announcing the election of a Chaplain will be
■ read.
The messaje was then read, as inserted above.
.The SPEAKER, The message informs the
House of the election of a Chaplain upon the part
| of the Senate, but does not inform us of their con-
I currence in the House resolution, to which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
■ refers.
Mr. FLORENCE. It occurs to me that no
further notice of the concurrence of the Semite jQ
the House resolution is necessary. We have evi-
dence that they have elected a Chaplain, and it is
reasonable, therefoie, to infer that they have cos.
eurred in the resolution of the fioose, which pro-
vided for the election of a Chaplain upon their
part. I think 110 further notice 13 required; anc!
if it be in order, I again move that the House
do now proceed to the election of a Chaplain.
Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia. It occurs to me
that the House resolution has not been concurred
in by the Senate. Thi\t resolution declared that
Chaplains belonging to different denominations
were to be elected by the respective Houses.
The message we have received from the Senate
informs us of the election of a Chaplain by that
body, but it does not inform us to what denomi-
nation he belongs; and how are we to elect one
of a different denomination until we possess that
knowledse?
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from
Virginia will yield me the floor for a moment,! wiJJ
infosm him that the Senate have elected for their
Chaplain the Rev. Henry Sheer, a clergyman of
the Methodist denomination.
Mr.. BAYLY. Will thegentleman inform me
to which branch of the Methodists he belongs?
That is a point to be considered. The gentleman
say s, Mr. Slicer belongs to the Methodist denomi-
nation. Now, if I am not mistaken, there are
two or three different Methodist denominations.
Will he inform me to which of these the Chaplain
the Senate have elected belongs J [Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would surest
this difficulty: The resolution adopted by the
House changes the custom heretofore pursued
for the election of Chaplain. It provides that
he shall be elected for the present Congress.
Heretofore he has been elected only for a single
session. It will,therefore, be of some importance
to ascertain definitely whether the Senate have
concurred in that resolution, and whether we are
to elect a Chaplain for one session or two.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I sapp-ose it
is now discretionary with us to elect a Chaplain
or not. The Senate have elected theirs, and in-
formed us simply of the fact. It is therefore for
us to elect whoever we please, without any refer-
ence to the denomination.
The question was taken upon Mr. Florence's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
its order.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
were in order.
Mr. FLORENCE nominated Rev. Mr.Tustin.
Mr. ENGLISH nominated -Rev. John W.
Jackson.
Mr. LILLY nominated Rev. C. D. West-
brook.
Mr. B1SSELL nominated Bev, T. C. Teas-
dale.
Mr. INGERSQLL nominated Rev. A. Hoi-
mead.
Mr. MACY nominated Rev. George W. 0s-
born.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, nominated Rev.
Wm. H. Miiburn.
_Mr. MATTESON nominated Rev. Mr. Cha-
pin.
Mr. WALSH nominated Rev. Miss Antoinette
Brown.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentle men be tjood
enough to inform the House what denomination
of Christians their nominees belong; to ;
[Cries of " No!" "No!" and laughter.]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman wishes to
inquire, he may do so.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman whom I
nominate is a Presbyterian.
Mr. HENN asked to be, and was excused from
voting on the election of Chaplain.
The Chair appointed Mr. English, Mr. Mat-
teson, Mr. Cui.lom, and Mr. Harris, of Ala-
bama, tellers. The Clerk proceeded to call the
roll; and the following was the result of the vote,
viz:
Whole number of votes cast, 200; necessary to
a choice, 101; of which—
Mr. Tupfiti received 58
Mr. Miiburn  ,,,56
Mr. Tea«dale .33
Mr. Wf«tbrook . V.! ...!  14
Mr. Holmead ..VW.'.'/W.WW.'. [.... .14
Mr. Jackson WWW.* .• 11
