1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
tlemen, I withdraw the objection which I made to
the proposition submitted'by the gentleman from
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objec-
tion, committees will be called for reports on pri-
vate business, which shall give rise to no debate.
Mr. COBB. 1 shall not object, if there be an
understanding that no motion shall be made to re-
consider any reference of a bill reported to-day.
The SPEAKER. That also will be embraced
in the proposition, so that no gentleman may be
deceived.
Mr. HUNT. I would respectfully nsk the in-
dulgence of the House in a matter of some interest
to me. U is a local matter reported on*by a com-
mittee of this body.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton! has the floor, and asks the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill of a private character, or which previous no-
tice has been given. Is there objection ?
There was no objection; and the bill was read a
first and second time by its ikle, as follows, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims:
A bill to revive anil extend the provisions of
an act passed the 24th May, 1R24, entitled "An
act for the relief of the representatives of Joha
Donelson, Stephen Heard, and others."
A. J3. ROMAN.
Mr. HXJNT. I am about to leave Washington
for a few days on an affair of family interest, and
I shall be obliged to my friends if they will allow
me to have a bill concerning Governor Roman's
plantation taken up, so that his title may be con-
firmed. The'bill lms been reported by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and a report has
been prepared by Mr. Nichols, of Ohio, which
is clear, full, and conclusive. There is no diffi-
culty about the case. 1 hope the House will hear
the report, and dispose of the matter.
Mr. McMULLtJNT. I desire to know what, the
character of the bill is?
Mr. HAVEN. It is to confirm the title to
lands in Louisiana.
Mr. HUNT. It will be explained by the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana asks the unanimous consent of the House to
discharge the committee from its further consid-
eration of the bill indicated.
Mr. f-IUNT. To take up the matter and dis-
pose of it.
The SPEAKER. It is in Committee of the
Whole [(ousc, and the proposition is to discharge
the committee from its further consideration, wo
that it may be brought before the House and acted
upon.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
"Whole House wa« discharged from the fuither
consideration of the following bill:
A bill for the relief of A. J3. Roman, of Louis-
iana.
The report of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, accompanying the bill, was road.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a thud time1, and passed.
Mr. N1CMOLS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vole by which the bill
was passed, and that the motion to reconsider do
he upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE \V.TORUANCE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Under the order which
has been made, I do not suppose that it will be
proper to move to put any bill upon us passage,
and I would not wish to ask to report any bill,
and ask to put it upon its passage under that
order. Therefore, before we commence the exe-
cution of that order, I wish to ask a favor of
the House. My colleague upon the Committee
on Invalid Pensions [Mr. Dent] had charge of
a bill for the relief of George W. Torrance, i do
not know much about the cape; but from the ex-
amination of the report, and from conversation
with the gentleman who had special charge of the
biii, I am induced to believe that it is one of the
most meritorious cases which are before this
House. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Dent] should have reported the hill, but he is
detained, through illness, at one of the springs in
Virginia, and the bill is likely to lose its place upon
theCalendar. I ask leave to report the bill,and to
have the report read, and that the bill be passed.
This gentleman came here from California to
ask this relief from Congress, and is now in this
ctty, without money; and I thihk we ought to pass
this bill, if we find it right, without delay,
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reason that the House, by unanimous
consent, have determined to call committees for
reports of a private character.
Mr. FAULKNER. I must object until the
committees have been called for reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
states that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Dent,] is confined by sickness at one of the
springs in Virginia, and that, in consequence of
his absence, the bill will not be reported under the
regular call. It may b„e the pleasure of the House,
from that fact, to indulge the gentleman in having
the report made.
Mr. LATHAM. I think, if the gentleman
from Virginia will allow the report to be read, he
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. H &NDR1CKS. 1 beg to inform the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that if the gentleman from
Georgia could have been here last Friday he would
have leported this bill then, and that it would in
all probability have been passed then.
Mr. FAULKNER. Do i understand the gen-
tleman to say that he desires to make the report
simply for reference ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I want to put
the bill upon its passage.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I object.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the gentleman will at
least allow the report to be read.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
JUDICIARY OP DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MAY". I ask the indulgenceof the House
to allow me to report a bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary. Jt is a bill of a good deal of !
importance, and I ask that it may be read a first
and second time, recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed. It
is a bill for reorganizing the judicial system of
the District of Columbia, and for reforming its
laws. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. COBB. I must object, for a reason which
is satisfactory to myself, and which I will state, if
the gentleman wishes it.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
The Speaker then proceeded to execute .the or-
der of the House, by calling committees for such
reports of a private character as should give rise
to no debate.
Mr. LETCHER. The petition of Mary Dean,
for a pension, has been referred to the Committee
of Claims. As we have nothing whatever to do
with that case, I ask that we may be discharged
from the further consideration of it, and that it
may be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that is done, I
desire to usk the gentleman from Virginia one or
two questions.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I am not legally
sworn, and I shall not answer them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I hope this case will
not .<ro to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I
understand that this case has once been examined
i by the Committee of Claims, and I think it be-
longs to them.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The Committee of Claims have not examined it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that ob-
jection having been made, the report cannot be
received under the order of the House.
On motion by Mr. READY, it was
Ordered* That the Committee of Claims he discharged
from the timber consideration of the petition of Thomas
O. Card well, tor relief from an excess* of duties levied upon
certain British goods imported into the city of Philadelphia,
in the year 1824, and that said petition be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered^ That leave be g) anted to withdraw from the
files of thp House the papers ui the ca«?e of Adam Carlan.
for the purpose of presenting them at the Pension Bnieau.
Mr. FULLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back Senate bill No.
245, entitled "An.act to amend the provisions of
the fifty-sixth section of the act entitled 'An act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and
tonnage,5 approved 2d of March, 1799," with a
recommendation that it do pass, and to ask its
passage at tins time
Mr. FAULKNER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House, objection being made, the report cannot
be received
Mr. AIKEN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill " to change
the name of the Americari-built brig Hallowel,to
that of Jane Rose, and to grant her a new regis-
ter," with a recommendation that it do pass, and
to ask its passage now.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object.
Mr. AIKEN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection. The passage of the bill will
not occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would do so with great
pleasure, but I have already objected to the pas-
sage of a bill reported by the gentleman from
Maine. I cannot, with propriety, withdraw my
objection. By order of the House the morning
hour has been set aside for a special object, and
that is the call of committees for reports in refer-
ence to private business, to which there shall b^
no objection, and I am not disposed to infringe orj
that order.
Mr. AIKEN. Bills similar to the one 1 report
have been heretofore almost uniformly considered .
and passed by unanimous consent. It is only to
change a name and grant a new register to an Amer-
ican-built brig, and I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. FAULKNER. I cannot withdraw the
objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the report cannot be
received.
Mr. HIESTER,from the Committee on Public
Lands, moved that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions and
papers in the following cases, and that they do he
upon the table; which motion was agreed to.
The claim of John Ketchum, a soldier of the
United States in 1806 and 1807, for bounty land;
Petition of Elizabeth Evans, and Henry Lake,
of Ohio, praying that Congress grant each of them
a half section of land for revolutionary service of
their father;
Petition of James Thompson,of Dayton, Ohio,
and others, heirs of James Thompson, deceased,
for bounty land; and
Petition of Margaret Bowne, of New York.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, leported
a bill " for the relief of Mary H. Gushing;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the WhoJe House,and?
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. UPHAM,from the Committee on the Posfe
Office and Post Roads, reported back with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate resolution
No. 14, entitled " A resolution authorizing settle-
ments under certain mail contracts;7' which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House?
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from-the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back Senate bill
No. 145, " for the relief of John Y. Camp," with
amendments. The bill was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PARKER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill " vesting the title of the United States
to certain lands in the city of Cincinnati;7' which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and-
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAY, from the same committee, reported
a bill " to authorize the President of the United
States to purchase a site for a prison, and to pro-
vide for the cost of the building of the same in the
city of New York;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAY. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Judiciary to report the following bill:
A bill to reorganize the judiciary system of the
District of Columbia, and to reform its judicial
laws.
I move that it be recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
