1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mr. Ohapin   5
Mr. Beoeher   ^
Mr. Hodges    2
Mr. Hosmer    2
Mr. Donnelly  1
Mr. Hutchinson    1
Miss Antoinette Brown   1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Tustin—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Bocock, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Bridge?!, Brooks, Bu«g, Carpenter, Caruitiers,
Caskie, Clark, Cox, Cullom, DawMjn, Do Witt, Dickinson,
Disney, Drum, Edges-ton, Edmundson, Etheridge, Faulk-
ner, Placer, Florence, Franklin,Goodrich, Hastings, Hunt,
Kerr, Kidweil, Letcher, Lmdley, Lindsay, Maxwell, John
G. Miller, Millson, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Powoll, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Ru«seti, Sage. Sapp, Shaw,
Shower, Sno.tgras:«, Straub, John L. Taylor, Trout, Tap-
pan Wentworfh, Hendnck B. Wright, and ZoJh coffer.
For Mr. Milburn—Messis. Abercrombie, Aiken, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Baiksdale, Bairy,
Boyd, Chandler, Christian, Churchwell, Clubman, Col-
quitt, Conk, Coiwin, Crat e, Curtis. Cutting, Dent, Dow-
dell, Eastman, Eveihart, Ewmg, Gamble, Grey, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Hei>ter, Houston,
Knox, Latham, Lyon, McNair, McQueen, Maurice, Mid-
dleswarth, Morgan, Norton, Peckham, Philips, Reese,
Ruflin, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Fredenek P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,
Hector L. Stevens, Tweed, Uphaw, Vail, Walbridge,
Eihhii B. Washbume, Wheeler, and Yates.
For Mr. Teasdale—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Al-
Jen, Belcher,BirfseH, Chase,Chastam, Cobb, Klicon,
Farley, Gre<jn, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Hillyer,
Kittredge, McCulloch, McDougai, MeMullin, Morrison,
Olds, Oir, Pennington, Phelps, Richardson, Thomas
Kitchey, Sabui, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, Thurston,
Tracy, Warren, and Wells.
For Mr. Hointead—Mfszrs. Dick, Goode, Hamilton,
Howe, TngersoM, Keitt, Kurtz, Lamb, May, Noble, Par-
ker, Pratt, Seymour, and Vansant.
For Mi. Wvstbrooh—Mest-r.3. Dean, Fenton, Grow,
Hibbard, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones, Lilly, Packer, Peck,
BiJiop Perkins, Rowe, John J. Taylor, Walker, and West-
brook.
For Mr. Jackson—Messrs. Chamberlain, John G. Da-
vis, Dunham, Eddy, English, Andrew J. Marian, Hen-
dricks. Johnson, Lane, Mace, and Smith Miller.
For'Mr. Ckapin—Messrs. Banks, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thomas Davis, Matteson, and Israel Washburn.
For Mr. Hodges—Messrs. Crocker and Priugle.
For Mr. JBeechiy—Messrs. Giddmgs and Wade.
For Mr. Ho iner—Messrs. Macy and Shannon.
For Mr. Hutchinson—Mr. Appleton.
For Mr. Donnelly—Mr. David Stuart.
For Mm Antoinette Brown—Mr. Walsh.
No candidate having received a majority, there
was no election.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I wish to
inquire of the Chair whether it is in order to vote
for Mr. Milburn? We have adopted a resolution
that the Chaplains of the two Houses shall belong
to different religious denominations, and f under-
stand that Mr. Milburn belongs to the same de-
nomination as the gentleman who has already
been elected as Chaplain of the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
inform the gentleman fiom New York that the
Senate have not informed the House of their action
upon that resolution. We are, therefore, acting
now independently of the .Senate.
Mr. RIDDLE. As Doctor Tustin received the
highest number of votes on the first ballot, I desire
to know if it is in order to olfer a resolution de-
claring him Chaplain?
[Loud cries of 4' No !" <£ No!"]
The SPEAK.EII pro tem. The Chair thinks it
would not be in order.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to know if it is in order to
limit the voting to the candidates who received the
three highest votes on the last call?
[Several Members. " Oh, no !,JJ
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair has no
power to impose any such limitation.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. LILLY. I beg leave to withdraw the name
of Mr. Westbrook. ;
The House then proceeded to a second vote for j
Chaplain, with the following result: j
Whole number of votes given 199; necessary j
to a choice 100; of which i
Mr. Milbmn received.      • • •
Mr. Tustin  55
Mr. Teaviale    2*2
Mr. Holmead  4
Mr. Jackson  1
Miss Antoinette Brown    X
The following is the vote m detail:
For Mr. W'lhur-.i—Messrs. Aber-oromhie, Aiken, Apple-
ton, A*-he, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Banks,
Barksdale, Hairy, Bennett', Benson, Bliss, Boyd, Bridges,
Brooks, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chand-
ler, Clansman, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Cook, Corwin, Craige, Crocker, Curtis, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Dowdell, Eastman,
Eddy, Ellison, Everhart, Ewirig, Fenton, Fuller, Gamble,
Goode, Goodrich, Green, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan,
Sam!. W. Harris, Wiley P. Hani*, Hastings, Haven, thea-
ter, Hillyer, Houston, Howe. Daniel T. Jones, Kent, Krtt-
ridge, Knox, Lane,Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsay,Lyon,
McCulloch, McDougai, McNair, McQueen, Mace, Mau-
rice, May, Muldlesvvarth, Morgan, Noble, Olds, Orr, Pack-
er, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Phelps,
Philips, Pratt, Pringle, Reese, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Rowe, Ruffin, Sapp, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, lttchard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, llestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, John L. Tavlor. Tweed, TTpharn, Walbridge,
EUihu B. Washbume, isiael Washburn, Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, and Yates.
For Mr. Tastin—Messrs. Boeock, Boyce, Breekinridse,
Bugg, Carpenter, Caruthers, Cox, Callom, Dawson, De
Witt, Disney, Drum, Dunham. Edyerton, Edmuudson,
Etheridsc, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Hendricks, Hib-
bard. Hunt, Ingersoll, Kerr, Kulwell, Lamb, Lmdley,
Macdonaid, Maey, MaUe on, Maxwell, Mayall, John G.
Miller, Millson, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Paikei, John E. Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Ready, Riddle,
Robbms, Russell, Sage, Shannon, Shaw, Snodgrass, Tracy,
Trout, Vansant, Walker, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zolh-
cofter.
For Mr. Teasdale—Messrs. Willis Allen, Belcher, Bis-
seil, Chase, John G. Davis. Farley, Greenwood, Aaion
Harlan, Hill, Hughes, MeMulhn, Smith Miller, Morrison,
Thomas Ritchie, Sabin, Stratton, Andrew Smart, Thurs-
ton, Warren, Wells, John Wentworth, and Vail.
For Mr. Holmead—Messrs. Dick, Hamilton,- Seymour,
and Shower.
For Mr. Jackson—Mr. English.
For Mis9 Antoinette Brown—Mr. Walsh.
The SPEAKER pro iem. thereupon announced
that Mr. Milburn having received a majority of
the votes cast was duly elected Chaplain of the
House.
On motion by Mr. BRIDGES, the House then
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 8, 18j3.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer, Chaplain to the j
Senate. I
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next. I think this is necessary
to enable Senators to prepare themselves with
reference to the committees, and to make prepara-
tions for winter quarters.
The motion was agreed to.
SICKNESS IN EMIGRANT SHIPS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. appointed Messrs.
Fish, Shields, Summer, Hamlin, and Benjamin
the select committee, under the resolution yester-
day adopted, to inquire into the causes of the
sickness and mortality on board of emigrant ves-
sels, and report whether any and what further ,
legislation is necessary for the better protection of.
the lives and health of passengers in such vessels. I
DEATH OF THE VICC PRESIDENT. '
Mr. HUNTER. Since the adjournment of the ;
last Congress, an event has occurred which it be-
comes us to notice. The American people have j
lost a Vice President, and the Senate a Piesiding
Officer, by the death of Wili-iam R. King, who |
departed this life on the 18th of April last, at his |
home in the State of Alabama. I rise to ask that ,
v/e may pause for a day at least in our delibera- j
tions upon the affairs of life, to devote it to the
memory of one who was bound to us by so many
personal and official ties. Surely, sir, there are [
none within the limits of this wide-spread Con- i
federacy, to whom the life and services of William >
R. King are known, who would not be ready
with some offering, either of public respect or
personal affection, to bestow upon his tomb.
There have been few public men, whose lives
have been as long and as active as his, who have
made more friends, and none, I am sure, ever
left fewer enemies. Nor was his one of those
eold and impassive characters which shed their
light without heat, but its kindly influences fell
with genial and friendly warmth within whatever
circle he might move.
It is a happy thing for a country when the lives
of its public men maybe thrown freely open to
the world, and challenge its closest scrutiny, with
a consciousness on the part of the friendly critic
that there is no blot to be concealed, and no glar-
ing fault which a love of truth forbids him to
deny, and his own sense of right scarcely allows
him to palliate. Here, at least, is a public man,
in whose life there can be found no instance of a
mean or equivocating action, none of a departure
from the self-imposed restraints of a refined and
lofty sense of honor, and none in which either the
fear of man or the seductions of ambition tempted
him to a deed which could destroy either his own
self-respect or the respect of others for him. He
trod the difficult and devious paths to political
preferment long and successfully, and jet he kept
his robes unsoiled by the vile mire which so often
pollutes those ways. It is said, that the story of
every human life, if rightly told, may convey ft
useful lesson to those who survive. Of all the
public men whom I,have known, there are none
whose lives teach more impressively the great
moral of the strength which public virtue gives
than that of Colonel King. His was an instance
in which greatness was achieved without the aid
of those brilliant qualities whose rare assemblage
the world calls genius, but by what is better
far, a sound judgment, a resolute purpose to pur-
sue the right, and a capacity to gather wisdom
from experience.
He was no orator, and yet from the force of
character he could wield an influence which mere
oratory never commanded. He had none of that
presumptuous self-confidence which so often mis-
leads ourselves and others, and which, though a
dangerous, is still a commanding quality; but he
knew how to inspire a people with a just confi-
dence in the soundness of his judgment and the
integrity of his purpose, so as to be looked to as
a safe depositary of trust and power.
Although gentle and kind in his intercourse
with others, lie could be stern enough when the
public interests or his personal honor required it.
He was a man, sir, whose whole soul would
have sickened under a sense of personal dishonor.
It is not surprising, then, that each step in the
political caieer of such a man should have been
crowned with public honors. At the age of
twenty-one he was elected to the Legislature of
North Carolina, his native State, where he served
until he was made Solicitor. In that capacity he
acted until he was twenty five years of age, when
he was sent to the House of Representatives of*
the United States, where he served from 1811 to
1816, when he resigned to go abroad as Secretary
of Legation to Mr. Pinckney, our Minister to
Russia. Upon his return he emigrated to Ala-
bama, where he was almost immediately sent to
their Constitutional Convention.
And at the first session of the first Legislature
which assembled afterwards, he was sent to the
Senate of the United States from the State of
Alabama, where he may be said to have served con-
tinuously, until his election to the Vice Presidency,
with the exception of two years, when he was
Minister to France. Finally, he was elected the
Vice President of the United States, by a large
majority of the American people. As he ascended
step by step to this elevation, his vision seemed to
grow wiiii his horizon, and when the occasion
came he was always found equal to it; for, to
the aid of a sound judgment, he brought, as he
giew older, the wisdom of a large experience.
His political career may be said to have been one
triumphant march through life, a march in which
his step neither faltered nor stumbled,in ascending
to that place, which was perhaps the chief object
of his aspiration. And yet as if to show that even
I the most successful of men must sooner or later
| feel the emptiness of the earthly objects of our
i usual pursuit, that much-prized honor was to him
the Dead Sea fruit which turns to ashes on the
i lips. It came, but it came too late. The breath
; of public applause could not revive the name
which flickered in the lamp of life. In vain
did the assiduity of relatives and friends sur-
i round him with affectionate care. In vam did
!! the aspirations of a whole people ascend to Heav-
' en for his recovery. The balmy mfluences^ of
! neither sea nor sky could revive or restore him.
j When the public messenger came to clothe turn
,i with the forms o% office, his chief earthly wish
was to see his home once more, and m the midst
! of familiar scenes to die amongst his friends.
His desire was gratified. Life and its busy scenes
! on this side the grave are now closed on him
forever. But its tale yet remains to be told. Not
: bv me, sir, nor at this time. But it will be told in
!i the chronicles of his State hereafter, when it may
