1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
Mr. COBB. When I objected to theintroduc-
tion of that bill, I supposed it was a general bill.
My friend from Maryland only desires that the
bill shall be printed, and that when the business
of the District of Columbia comes up, it shall be
considered. I have no objection to that course.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. EDDY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the pennon
and papers of Isaac S. Bowman, executor of I-aac Bow-
man, deceased, and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. PECKHAM, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 185)
"for the relief of the legal representatives of
Samuel Prioleau;" which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported
back, with a similar recommendation, Senate hill
(No. 337) "for the relief of Eliza M. Evans;"
and said: I should like to have that bill put upon
its passage. It is of such a character that it
should pass; and it will not take five minutes to
dispose of it.
Objection was made, so the report was not
received.
Mr. P., from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of the petition of the
heirs of Lieutenant Silas Goodall; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill " for the relief of
Civil, township of Marion, m the county of Mer-
cer, Ohio;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILLYER, from the same committee, I
reported a bill " for the relief of the legal heirs of !
Benjamin Metozer, deceased;" whioh was read a
first and second time by ifs title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the following bills
of the Senate, with a recommendation that they do
pass; which were thereupon referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed;
S. B. No. 248. An act for the relief of William
Harris, of Georgia;
S. B. No. 240. An act for the relief of James
Ed ward1? and others; and
S. B. No. 203. An act for the relief of Thomas
Snodgrass.
Mr. I<\ also, from the same committee, reported
back the following bill of the Senate, with a
recommendation that it do not pass;
An act (S. No. 188) for the relief of Captain
Langdon C, Easton, assistant quartermaster of the
United States Army.
The bill and report were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of William H..Weirick; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs he dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Rus'-ell Uice, and that the same be laid on the table and
ordered to be puuted.
Mr. F., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the memorial of N. J. Evans,
lieutenant second dragoons, United States Army;
which was ordered to he on the table, and be
printed:
Mr. F. also,from the same committee, reported
the following bills andjointresohuion; which were
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed: j
A bill granting bounty land to Cornelius Coffey; :
fey;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James Grier, ;
deceased; j
A bill for the relief of John H. King; \
Joint resolution giving one hundred and sixty j
acres of laud to Francis M. Gwyn, of Indiana;
and
A bill for the relief of Elenor Hoople.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the following petitions and
resolutions; which reports were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Samuel M. Latimer;
The petition of Charles J. Burgess, asking for
bounty land for the services of his son in the Mex-
ican war;
The petition of John H. King, of Harper's
Ferry, for improvement in machinery used at the
armory;
The petition of Henry K. Brown;
The resolution to change the site of the military
asylum near Washington city to the estate of
Mount Vernon, &c.;
The petition of Edward B. Shelton, asking for
bounty land for services rendered in the Mexican
war;
The petition of Charles F. Fisher, proposing to
sell to Congress his painting of the battle of New
Orleans; and
The petition of Captain II. B Fields.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consid "iation of the resolution of
Mr. Florence, hi reference lo the the San Fran-
cisco, and the relief afforded the suffereis; and also from
the resolution of Mr. Walbridgk upon the same subject,
and that the same belaid upon the table.
Mr. HOWE. ( have been instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that Senate bill (No.
160) " for the relief of Alexander G. Morgan,"
upon which an adverse report has been made, lie
recommitted to that committee for further consid-
eration and examination.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly recommitted.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill " providing for a grant of
land to the Vermont volunteers, for their services
in the battle of Plattsburg;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill "for the relief of
Charles W. Carroll;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Mc.D. also, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 299) " for the relief of
Jean Baptiste Beaubien;" which received the same
order and reference.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordei ed< That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fioin the further consideration ot the petition ot
W. P. Buckner and Pierce Cushy, for their '-hare of the
puze money accruing from the sale of the schooner Oiegon,
she having been condemned and sold ; ami that the same
be icfeired to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ROWEj from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases; winch were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed:
The petition of Robert Babcock, for a pension;
The petition of Rethniah Black, of Massachu-
setts, for pension allowance;
The petition of Betsey A. Faulkner, for pen-
sion, or such relief as she may be entitled to as
daughter and only surviving: child of Ebenezer
Floyd, a'Soldier and officer in the revolutionary
war.
Mr. R., from the same committee, also reported
a bill i( for the relief of John Cole;" which was
read a first nnd second time by its title.
Mr. ROWE said: I have been requested to ask
the consent of the House to have this bill put upon
its passage. I will state the effect of the bill. It
i1* for the increase of the pension of an old soldier.
He has heretofore received five dollars a month,
and this bill provides for increasing; it to eight
dollars per month. It is a very meritorious^jcuse,
and I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object until the commit-
tees have all been called for reports.
Mr. ROWE. Perhaps if the gentleman will
hear my statement he will be willing to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not w'thdraw it.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from th'1 further consideration of the petitions
ami papers in the following cases, and that the same belaid
upon the table:
The petition of Elizabeth Wilson, widow of John Linds-
ley, a soldier of the war of ]812, /or a pension;
I he petition of Sherman McLean. niAvaur fn>
i petition of Sherman McLean, piayiug for relief on
law-""1 an ailege^erroneousc°nslrucl,01} °f the pension
J he petition of Samuel McLelland, for a pension :
I he petition of Samuel Moore, of Rising Sun, Indiana,
for a pension ; . '
The petition of John Bedding, of DaneviHc3New York,
for bounty lands on account of the services of his son, God-
frey H. Bedding, deceased, who was a soldier in the late*
war with Great Britain;
Fhe petition of Marim Lown.send, for a pension;
7 he petition of A. Chamberlain and others, of Fulton
county, Indiana, soldiers of tlic late war wnh Great Brit-
am, for pensions; and
The petition of Lewis Washburn, for a pension.
Mr. H.also, from the same committee, reported
a bill " for the relief of George Lynch;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill *' to provide a pension for Serjeant George
W. Torrance;" which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the House will indulge
me one minute, I wish merely to say in this case
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dent] was
so sick that he could not be here last week, and
this bill lost its proper place in the business of the
House. This man is here. His case is a meri-
torious one, and ought to be immediately acted
on. He came here fiom California to get this re-
lief. He was wounded in the war with Mexico,
and I think that this pension ought to be given to
him without further delay. 1 ask that the bill be
put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be put on its passage.
There was no objection.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the following
petitions; which "were laid upon the table:
Petition of James Pullen, praying for compen-
sation for injuries received while blasting rocks
on the Washington aqueduct;
Petition of Gardener Herring, for invalid pen-
sion; and
Petition of Bela Young, a soldier of the war of
181Q, praying for an invalid pension.
Mr. V. also, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on House bill (No. 16^) "con-
cerning invalid pensions, and regulating the time
of their commencement}" which was laid upon
the tab'e, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. V. also, from tire same committee, reported
a bill " for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow
of the late Commodore David Porter, United
States Navy;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAGE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the following
memorials and petitions *, which were laid upon
the table:
Petition of William Trumbull, for back payor
pension;
Application on behalf of Silas Chatfield, for in-
crease of pension;
Memorial of Pressly McKellup, of Indiana
county, Pennsylvania, praying; for a pension;
Petition of Joseph H. Bailey, heir of Henry
Bailey, praying for a pension;
Application of John Henry, for a pension;
Memorial for relief of Richard Oothovdt;
Memorial of George Babcock, for invalid pen-
sion;
Petition of Charles Stewart, for an invalid pen-
sion ;
Petition of William Pace, for a pension;
Petition of Sophia Davis, for a pension; and
Petition of Daniel Leshinghill, for a pension.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported the
following bills; which were severally read d first
and second time by their titles, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
he printed:
