1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
before us is a proposition on the pert of this Gov-
ernment to obtain water for the protection of the
public" buildings, and contemplates nothing but
the construction of an aqueduct and the location of
pipes, on the part of the Government, to furnish
it to the public buildings. It does not at all em-
brace the idea of distributing the water. It does
not impose upon the Government the obligation
of supplying any other than the public buildings,
and the consequence is, that it leaves this thing
under the regulation of, and to be controlled by,
the city-authorities.
The city of Boston, as it appears from the re-
port upon that subject, expended |1,800,000 for
the distribution of the Cochituate water through
the city. Now, in the city of Washington, it
will require twice as large a sum to distribute
water to fifty thousand people as it did to distrib-
ute it to fifty thousand people in the city of Cos-
ton, owing to the character of our streets, our
public squares, and other things of a like nature.
In this regard the cities of Washington and
Georgetown assume upon themselves to distribute
the water, (t will cost them to do so, from time
to time, upwards of $2,000,000.
It is pioposed, by the amendment to the amend-
ment, that these cities shall contribute a fifth part
to this job. If that be the obligation, the Gov-
ernment is under obligation to pay all except one
fifth, which is to be appropriated by these cities.
They not only will be bound to pay their propor-
tion of the main structure, but to supply their pro-
portion of three fifths for the distribution works.
But, by the original proposition, the Government
finds itself only legitimately bound for the sup-
ply of the mam aqueduct and the pipes neces-
sary to furnish the public edifices. It has nothing
to do with the distribution. That fails upon the
cities, and will involve an expenditure of upwards
of #3,p),O0l)—a sum greatly beyond what one
fifth will amount to, as proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas. 1 think
we should act unwisely to adopt the suggestion
proposed in that amendment. I ask if it is not
introducing a new, embarr.isf.ing, and compli-
cated feature into this bill? The Government
has nothing to do, under the original amendment,
but to make the aqueduct and lay down pipes to
the public buildings. The Government has noth-
ing to do with the details, but they appropriately
fall to the cities of Georgetown and Washington.
1 think it wholly unwise to adopt this amend-
ment, and 1 trust, it will not be the pleasure of the
committee to do bo.
One word more. When the seat of Govern-
ment was determined to be located at this place,
Virginia save money, or loaned money to the
Federal Government. So did Maryland, and the
people owning the land gave to I he Government
alternate sections of the entire land within the
city of Washington.
Mr. WALSH, It was woith nothing then.
Mr. SMITH. Very tine, it was not valuable
then/but it has become so since, and the Govern-
ment has sold it, and put the money into the
Treasury, and is now holding some portions of
it. I beg the committee to bear in mind that this
proposition is to provide the means of getting
water within the reach of the whole people.
Mr. GREKNWOOD. I modify my amend-
ment by adding at the end of it, these words:
" necessary to complete the aqueduct and reser-
voir. "
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man will allow me to suggest that there are two
reservoirs and a dam to be constructed. Under
the gentleman's amendment, as modified, one res-
ervoir and dam would not be estimated for.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I was not awareof that,
and so further modify rny amendment that it will
read " reservoirs and dam." I now demand tell-
ers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Breckinridge were appointed.
Tiie question was then taken; and the telleis
reported—ayes 45, noes 58; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no quorum
voting, the roll must be called.
The roll was then called; the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman reported that the Committee „of the
Whole on the state of the Urnon had, according
to order, had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, but finding itself without a
quorum, had caused the roll to be called, and di-
rected him to report the facts, with a list of the
absentees, to the House.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe, David J- Bai-
ley, Thomas II. Bayly, Banks, Bips-cU, Bocock, Boyce,
Bu«g, Chamberlain, Chase, Cook, Cox, Cummins, Curtis,
Cutting, Dean, Dent, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eashmin,
Eddy, Edgfrton, Gdmnnds, Edmuntteon, JolinM- Elliott,
English, Fenton, Fuller, Gamble, Giddmgs, Goodrich,
Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hast-
ings, ilibhard, Daniel T. Jones, Kidwidl, Lamb, Lane,
Lindh'y, Lyon, Macdonald, MeDougall, Me(iueen,Malte-
>ou, Maurict1, Meacharo, Andrew Olivei, Paiket, Peck,
Pockharn, Phelps, Preston, Richardson, Rogers, tSevmoui,
Shower, Simmon*, Singleton, SUHton, Samuel A. Smith,
Sellers,Stratton,Strauh, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,John.
J. Taylor, Walhndgp, Walker, Warren, Israel Washburn,
Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright. Hendnck B. Wright, and Yates.
A quorum being now present, [one hundred
and forty-six members having answered to their
names,] the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending,
when the committee found itself without a quorum,
was on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Arkansas, upon which tellers had been or-
dered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordinglyrose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particularly
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
On motion by.Mr. RO WE, the House then ad-
journed (at half past two o'clock) till to-morrow
nt twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday*, July 1, 1854.
Jt'rnyer by Rev. Hf.kky Suckr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Fran-
ces Ann McCuuley, widow ot D. S. McOauley,
late United States consul general for Egypt, and
consul at Tripoli, praying indemnity for losses
and expenses incurred by her husband while con-
sul at that place; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Also, the memorial of George Gibson, one of
the heirs of Anna Gibson, deceased, praying the
payment of certain bills of credit issued by the
Continental Congress, which were deposited m
the Treasury for redemption, and destroyed by
the conflagration of the Treasury Building in 1833;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of the Board
of Managers ot the Washington National Monu-
ment Society, praying the aid of Government in
the completion of the monument, now being erected
in the city of Washington; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition of citizens of Detroit, Michigan,
praying that the present rates of ocean postage
may be reduced; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial signed by
six hundred and eighty-four men of Massachu-
setts, chiefly citizens of Boston,asking for there-
peal of the act of Congress of ltfoO, usually known
as the fugitive slave law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NORRIS presented the petition of W. P.
Young, praying arrears of compensation as an
inspector of customs at Portsmouth, Virginia;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Richard S. Coxe, William A. Bradley, and Gil-
bert L. Thompson, proposing to furnish, for the
use of the Navy " compressed or composite coal,"
an article of fuel recently invented by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Navyl
Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Frederic Chatard, a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, praying certain allowances
in the settlement of his accounts as acting puiser
of the United States store-ship Fredoma, in the
year 1852; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of the in-
spectors of the customs for the port of Baltimore,
praying an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented a memorial of
citizens of Lowell, Massachusetts, praying the
passage of a law prohibiting the employment of
officers of theArmyus superintendentsofnational
armories; whi< h was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. A DAMS, from the Committee on Retiench-
ment and Reform, reported a bill to establish a
department of law, to prescribe certain duties of
the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury,
S and for other purposes; which was read, and
i passed to a second reading.
I Mr. MALLORY,from theCommitteeon Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Jona-
than D. Ferris, late a sailing-master in the Navy,
praying the difference of pay for the time,he per-
formed the duties of lieutenant commanding, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of FoxhaH A. Parker,
praying indemnity for various expenses necessa-
rily incurred by him while commanding the East
India squadron, reported a bill for the relief of
Commodore FoxhaH A. Paiker of the United
States Navy; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Jasper Strong and
George Terrili, praying authority to construct a
railroad from the Perdido river to the bay of Pen-
sacola, near the town of Warrington, Florida,
reported a bill granting to Jasper Strong and their
associates the right of way for a railroad through
the reserved lands, near the navy-yard, Pensa-
cola, in the State of Florida; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. BtlTl AlR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
George W. Harris, praying that Congress may
pass an act to vest in him the copyright to the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth volumes of the
Pennsylvania State Reports,repotted a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of the legal rep-
resentatives of Henry Payson, assignee of John
Randall, owner of the schooner Contiadiction,
praying indemnity for the confiscation of that ves-
sel and cargo at the Island of Margaritta, in 1812,
submitted an adverse repoit thereon; which was
otdered to be punted.
Mr. SLiDfcLL, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the memo-
rial ofRobeit M. Hamilton, United States consul
at Montevideo, piaymg compensation for diplo-
matic services, submitted an adverse report there-
on; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of H. S. Sanford, late
charge d'affaires at Paris, praying to be allowed
the difference between his pay as secretary of
legation and charge d'affaires during the time he
acted as such, and thereimbursementof theamount
paid for clerk hiiem said legation, submitted a
report thereon, together with a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was recommitted a bill to provide for the
payment of such creditors of the late Republic of
Texas as are comprehended in the act of Congress
of September 9, 1850, reported it back with sun-
dry amendments, together with a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
. Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill donating a portion of
the public lands, m alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from a point on the
Ohio and Mississippi railroad, in the State of In-
diana, by the way of the Falls of the Ohio and
Evansville, to the Mississipoi river, at or near
Cairo.
Mr, SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal the act
