1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
Lamb, Letcher, Lmdley, Mc&ueen, Matteson, Maurice,
M each am, Middle-^warth, John G. Miller, Milton, Mor-
gan, Norton, Andievv Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Par-
ker, Ppriuiiigfoii, John L. Perkins, Philips, Powell, Pres-
ton, Parnate, Ptfiyear, Ready, Re^e, Rullin, Russell, Sa bin,
Sage, Seward, Shaw, Simmons, Skeltort, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, Snodgra.^s, Alexander*
H. Stephens John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham,
Wa(k", \Vah4i, EJUhu B% Washburnc, Jsraei Washburn,
Tappan Went worth, Wheeler, Yates, and ZolJicofier—106.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
DEATH OF WILLIAM R. KING.
A message was here received from the Senate by
the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, as
follows;
" In Senate, December 8, 1853,
" Resolved unanimous'};, That from respect to the late
William R. King, Vice' President of the Sinned States
and President or the Senate, the chair of the President
t>e sfciouded with felacic; and a< a turthcr testimony or re-
spect for the menioiy of the deceased, the members of the
Senate will jjo into mourning by wearing €1 ape on the left j
arm for thirty days. j1
" Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate coimnuni-
cate tins resolution t > the House of Representatives.'*
The message having been read— ! .
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, rose and sard: ij
Mr. Speaker: The tidings of the mournful event j!
which the resolution from the Senate is intended
to commemorate, have months ago been heraided 1;
£0 every hamlet of our wide-spread Confederacy, ji
and the generous hearts of even distant lands have !i
mingled their repress with our own, that a wise 1
and virtuous and distinguished man has been
stricken from the number of earth's children.
Tears have ceased to flow; and hearts the most
deeply penetrated by the afflicting visitation of
Providence have learned to contemplate it with
that spiritof resignation which time ever supplies
as a medicine for the sorrows of earth.
But m conformity with a solemn and impressive
usage, the Senate, over whose deliberations the
distinguished dead so long presided, with such
marked ability, pauses from its labors, to conse-
crate a brief day to the memory of William II.
King. And while the sympathizing sons of sister
States gather around his bier, I crave the indul-
gence of the House of Representatives, whiie, in
behalf of the State of Alabama, I offer the tribute
of her homage and respect to the memory of her
most distinguished citizen.
Recent events, familiar to us all, render unneces-
sary any thing more than a cursory allusion to the
political services of William R. King.
He was born on the 7th day of April, 1786, in
the State of North Carolina. Coming into being
almost cotemporaneously with the adoption of our
Fedetal Constitution, his eventful and protracted
life covers one of the most remarkable periodsin
the history of the world. When the dawn of
mature manhood first began to open upon him,
the great experiment of self-government, whose
principles were evolved from our revolutionary
struggle, had just fairly emerged from the misty !
domain of speculation, and assumed the form and |
semblance of a philosophic truth, instinct with 1
the spirit of the age, and true, as he proved to be 1
through life, to the principles of the republican
school, he connected his fortunes with that
party who claimed, as the exponents of their .
political faith, Jefferson and Madison.
He had no sooner attained his majority than he ;
was elected a member of the Legislature from his j
native county. He was reelected the ensuing |
year; but the Legislature, of which he was a i
member, having conferred upon him the solicitor- j
ship of the judicial circuit m which he resided, J
he resigned "'his seat in that body. In 1810, so j
soon as he had attained the age prescribed by the !
Constitution, he was elected a member of Con- '
gress from the Wilmington district, in which
body he continued to serve until the year 18X6.
During this period of American history, there
were just ascending from the verge of the political
horizon, and rapidly tending towards the zenith, ^;
names which were destined to illustrate the great- j;
ness of our country, and impress themselves
imperishably upon hermonumental records. That j|
immortal triumvirate, Calhoun, Clay, and Web- ]t
ster, for whose decease the sable habiliments of ||
a Nation's woe have scarce disappeared, were H
just then beginning to exhibit the giant propoitions
of their unmatched intellects, and entrancing their
countrymen and the world by the electric power
of their resistless eloquence. Randolph and
Lowndes were there too—and other gi eat names
indelibly secured by the diamond pen of history's
muse. Among these stood William R. King, a
co-worker and a compeer. Differing somewhat
from them all, in many of those great attributes
of mind, which dazzle and lead captive the
admiring throng; yet in ail the elements, which
go to make up the useful legislator—m prudence,
caution, firmness, wisdom, and patriotism, occu-
pying with them the same proud pedestal; and
lending his influence and his voice to the success-
ful vindication of€'free trade and sailors' rights."
In 1816, Mr. King, having been tendered the
appointment of Secretary of Legation under Mr.
Fmckney, resigned his seat in Congress, and ac-
companied that distinguished statesman, first to
Naples, and afterwards to St. Petersburg. Hav-
ing returned home, at the expiration of two years,
he determined to break from the endearments of
his fatherland, and cast his fortunes in the then
almost unpeopled wilds of distant Alabama. This
land was now to constitute the theater of his after
usefulness. God gave him sufficient length of
days to see " the wilderness blossom as the rose;"
and behold the Territory, which he had adopted
as his home, emerge from its chrysalis state, to
the full-blown condition of a sovereign party to
the Union, and under the nurturing appliances of
intellect and industry, attaining a degree of wealth
and prosperity commensurate with his own in- 1
creasing fame. j
: Soon after Mr. King's arrival in the Territory j
he was deputed a delegate to the convention, j
which assembled to organize a State government. '
To the performance of thedehcateand responsible !
duties of this new position he brought the aid of |
that matured experience he had gathered in the ;
councils of the Union, and was one of the most I
active and efficient of those who laid the founda- >
tions of our State polity. So soon as the consti- |
tuiion was put in operation he was chosen one of I
the Senators from that State in the Congress of
the United Stares. From that period, Mr. Speaker,
to the time when the voice of all the people of
this Union called William R. King fo the second
office 111 their gift—a period of more than thirty
years, he continued to speak for Alabama upon
the floor of the Senate; saving the brief period of
two years, during which time he represented this
Government at the Court of St. Cloud, in verity,
he was to Alabama a true and faithful son, as she
was unto him a cherishing mother! Truly, has
he filled the measure of a patriot's duty, tor his
entire life was devoted to his country's service.
As mayjustly be inferred, fiorn the long and
unchecked career of success which distinguished
the life of Mr. King, and the respect and confi-
dence he alwaj's enjoyed, his populauty w#s? not
the result of those factitious aids which give to
demagogues and political tricksters an ephe-meral
existence, but was the natural consequence and
well-deserved recompense of his exalted qualities
of head and heart. For forty years he brought
to his country's use the ri^h gifts of his pa'notism
and his wisdom—the glowing energies of his early
manhood, and the matured counsels of a wise and
honorable old age. Intelligence, honesty, and
fidelity distinguished the administration of every
public- trust confided to Ins hands. Amidst all
the fluctuations of public sentiment and the muta-
tions of party, he pursued the path of duty by the
light of principle, and dying:, leaves behind him
an example of consistency and public viitue upon
winch the patriot may ponder with pleasure, and
from which the mere aspirant for worldly honor
may draw an instructive lesson. His life is a
beautiful illustration of the truth, that the line of
duty is alike the path of safety and the way to
honor.
The personal character of Mr. King was af-
fluent m all those qualities which contribute 10
the formation of an almost peifect man. To wis-
dom and patriotism, as a statesman; to love of
right, and devotion to principle, he added a tem-
per respectful and courteous to others; a courage
unquestioned, and honor intact. No stain blurred
the pure ermine of his good name. Conceding to
all men, the full measure of what was their due,
he was punctilious m the exaction of what was
due to himself. Exempt from that acrimony,
which party colhson too often engenders, and
always tolerant of the opinions of others, he was 1
inflexible and unswerving in the maintenance of'
his own—
<( Virjustus, ct tenax pi-jpostti ■}
In all those more intimate and tender relations
which bound him to his friends, his kindred, and
his servants, he was all that friendship could ask,
or affection claim, or humanity and kindness
! enjoin. While in that higher and more solemn
relation, which he bore to the Author of us all,
he was exact and scrupulous in the discharge of
all those duties, enjoined by a regard for the
sacred behests of religion;—and in the closing
scenes of life's fleeting, final hour, he leaned witS.
1 humble trust upon the merits of his Savior.
[ " His life was gentle—and Hie elements
j So mixed hi him, that nature wightstand up
| And say to all the world—* This was a man.' "
i In the first month of this year, the Vice Presi*
j dent ^ resigned his post of Presiding Officer of
: the Senate, with the vain hope that a winter resi-
, dence in Cuba might ameliorate his health. But
the balmy breezes of the ocean gem could not
I ielume the waning fire that flickered to its end.
• Death was demanding its victim, and the dying
! patriot felt that he must needs obey the sum-
| mons. He hastened home from Cuba to spend
! his last hours among the friends who watched
, with such intense solicitude his gradual decline,
j Like the imprisoned monarch whose life went
• out on the storm-rocked island of the sea,
I he did not wish to sleep upon a foreign strand,
| but rather on the banks of the Alabama,
- "in the bosom of the people he had loved so
well," and served so faithfully. In the midst of
that people he died—beneath that sod he takes his
final rest. But a fragrance shall still cling around
his memory, exhaled from the clustering virtues
which beautified his character. Calmly he con-
fronted the icy monster; and with Christian dig-
nity, resigned him to his fate. " Be silent,"said
he, to the anxious friends around him, " let me
die quietly." Silence prevailed, and quietly his
noble spirit passed to the land of shadows.
t{ He sat, as sen the morning star, which goes
Nor down behind The darkened \ve<t, nor hides
Obscured auud&t the tempests of the eky;
15ut melts away, into the light of Heaven."
How fruitful, Mr. Speaker, in admonition to
us, who were associated with Mr. King in the
dnection of this great Government, and who now
survive him, are the circumstances which give
• such melancholy prominence to the closing hours
of Ins life. Upon the full tide of an almost
; popular acclaim, he had been just elevated to one
| of the most exalted stations of the earth. But
I along with the flattering consciousness of popular
; confidence and merited promotion, came the stun-
ning sense that life's decaying energies were sink-
1 mg to the grave. While the joyous gratulations
1 of an admiring people were welling up from the
: depths of the nation's heart, and failing with thril-
ling accents upon the ear of grat fied ambition,
; there was mingling with them, another voice from
. the spirit land, whose tones were heard above the
loud tumultof popular applause, and calling to the
' fading statesman—
CmUl of the dust, conic away
The gailands had been thrust upon the victim,
only that it might prove a more fitting sacnfice
for the altar, winch already smoked for its immo-
lation. What a humiliating mockery of earth's
aspirations, winch end m nothingness—of Us
evanescent honors, which vanish at the touch!
and how strikingly suggestive of the solemn re-
flection that
The paths of glory lead but to the grave."
Mr. Speaker, i oiler the following resolution:
| Resolved, Th;it from an unfeigned n *peet to the Jalo
' W [llia.m R. KLixo, Vice Pi evident of the United States, and
Printout 01 the Senate, the Speaker's etiair be shrouded
in black duung the pi«;&ent session of Congress; and, as a
flintier te>tunonj of 1 expect for Hie memory of the deceased,
; the member and n'Tioet- o! thi-s iiou>e wiil go into mourn-
ing. at.(i weai uhtc k crape on the left arm lor thirty days.
: i'lesoh ed, a Hniher mar* of respect, that tins House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER rose, and said-
Mr. Speaklr: The spectacle presented in this
! House, at the present moment, is replete with 111-
1 strucuon and encouragement.
! The Representatives of agreatnation pause, m
the midst of the initiation of legislative business,
to express respect for a citizen who owed Ins ele-
vation less to those striking qualities that are sure
to excite public interest and insure popuiar favor,
I than to those gentle virtues which are so slow to
: secure general appreciation.
