24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 8,
The Congress of the United States, in paying
the tribute of gratitude to the departed function-
ary, declares that it commemorates the virtue by
■which he achieved elevation, and thus it connects
purity of social life with the honors of official dis-
tinction.
The Representatives from the State of Alabama
have requested me to take a part in the discharge
of the melancholy duties in which this House is
now engaged. It is an honor to be called to do
honor to the memory of the good; and patriotism
finds a grateful exercise in recalling the obligations
under which the nation rests to those who have
done service to her in places of distinction.
I should have promptly declined the service, if 1
did not believe that my colleagues-, the Represen-
tatives of Pennsylvania on this floor, shared in
the sentiments of respect for the dead which 1
entertain, but which I shall so feebly express;
and while they and their constituents, and mine,
judge according to their various political creeds,
of the public measures which are connected with
the name and services of the deceased, they have
looked through the mist with which party hostility
and party partiality alike invest their objects, and
have done honor to the purity of motive and the
consistency of patriotism, in which those meas-
ures were proposed or advocated.
I do not suppose that, in the tribute which we
are now paying to the memory of a distinguished
Statesman, we are acquitting ourselves as the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the indebtedness of
the country for services through years of unremit-
ted devotion. Sir, while the nation shall enjoy
the prosperity with which she is now blessed, she
will feel and confess her obligations to those
whose talents, virtues, and devotion procured
the blessing. And should adverse circumstances
overtake vis, we should then recall the lessons of
wisdom and patriotism which the lives anil ser-
vices of our good men impart; and while we should
lament the consequences of a neglect of their exam-
ples and precepts, we should do honor to virtues
which we had ceased to imitate, and venerate the
patriotism which we had forgotten to follow.
The gentlemen who have preceeded me, have
given to the House a sketch of the public services
of the late Vice President King. It is an instruc-
tive lesson—one that we should " teach diligently
unto our children-" One that at the present time
comes with peculiarpertinancy, and seems to illus-
trate the nature of our institutions, and to encour-
age the growth of quiet, unobtrusive virtues, by
showing the ability of the people to appreciate,
and their willingness to reward them. The
history of our country shows that consummate
statesmanship may be combined with the posses-
sion and professional exercise of military skill.
The halls of legislation and the Bureaus'of the
Departments have been the arenas of noble and
successful efforts of those who came from the
activity of the camp to take part in peaceful foren-
sic contests, or to discharge the duties of ministe-
rial office. And we have seen the accomplished
warrior lay aside his military trappings, and as-
sume the garb and discharge the duties of the first
office of our nation.
But while these things show the versatility of
genius and the wonderful adaptation of mental
powers, they lead sometimes to the apprehension
that the people, who seemed so struck with the
services of the military man, would overlook the
unobtrusive qualities of the civilian, and forget
that patriotism has its services and its sacrifices in
the halls of legislation and the walks of diplomacy;
and that the qualifications for lofty place were to
be manifested in the silent, laborious, unpretend-
ing privacy of the closet, as well as in the more
stirring and striking duties of military life.
The official life of Mr. King redeems the peo-
ple of the United States from imputations of a
false estimate by a false standard of the services
of their public functionaries, and it shows how
much confidence may be placed in their judgment
of the capability of men to discharge distinguished
trusts.
The manners of Mr. King were unobtrusive,
retiring, gentle. No appearance, no act of his
could be regarded as challenging attention. He
moved among his fellow-men with manifestations
of constant respect for their rights and their posi-
tions; and among his fellow-legislators he was
distinguished for that constant deference to others
which is the characteristic of excessive modesty
and available talents. Abroad, sir, in Europe, he
presented himself with no demands, as a man,
upon the consideration of others, and no claim to
distinction, in the free use of his ample means.
But as the representative of a nation of freemen,
he claimed the regard which his representative
character challenged, and he maintained social
hospitalities with the profusion which his ample
means warranted, and his generous patriotism
Mr. King, sir, was a party man. Few men,
Mr. Speaker, attain political distinction in a coun-
try like ours without party attachments and party
feelings. And none will more readily pardon Mr.
King for his efforts for party measures than those
who, differing from him in politics, know by the
purity of their own motives how to do justice to
the sincerity of those by which he was influenced;
and this the more readily, because the courteous
bearing of that distinguished man deprived his op-
position of all appearance of bitterness, drew from
the defeat of his opponents, when their defeat en
sued, the sting of mortified self-esteem, or im-
parted to his own discomfort the ease of gentle-
manly submission.
Sir, from the quiet walks of life, that seemed at
first to piomise little eminence, Mr. King rose to
the second office in this great Republic, attaining
that position, too, m the midst of all his country's
greatness, in the midst of all her amplitude of
extent, and in the midst of all her profusion of
means; more than that, sir, in the midst of all
her munificence of men.
Though absent, sir, absent to die, far from the
immediate seat of his duties, yet the memory of
his excellence and purity, sustained him in the
affection and respect of his brethren of the Senate
Chamber who seemed to feel ita pleasure as well as
a duty to testify to him their full appreciation of
his conciliatory habits, his sagacity as a states-
man, and his justice as their Presiding Officer.
The annunciation to-day of the death of Mr.
Vice President King comes to us, sir, with no
surprise. The nation has already ill some form
manifested its regard for a faithful public servant.
The announcement brings no monition of the brevity
of human enjoyment and the uncertainty of hu-
man life. He had lived nearly to raan's appointed
time and beyond man's common lot, and had en-
joyed much more than ordinary honors. It comes
not now, sir, to startle us into any manifestation
of special sorrow. Months have passed since he
breathed forth his gentle spirit to God who gave
it, and the poignant grief which his death caused
even in his limited family circle has given place to
the silent sorrow that occupies itself in a mourn-
ful, placid recollection of the virtues of the dead.
We listen, sir, to-day to the formal annuncia-
tion of the demise of Mr. King, that we may, by
public demonstration, show to the world our re-
spect for the high office which he vacated by his
death, and our appreciation of the beautiful, moial
qualities and statesman like abilities by which he
illustrated all offices in his life.
The addresses on this occasion, and the adop-
tion of the resolutions which aie now on the table,
can add nothing to the future happiness of the
dead—cannot augment the fame which his social
virtues and his public career have earned. But,
sir, they tell the world that a Republic can be
grateful to those who have done her service, and
that republicans can appreciate those gentle qual-
ities which give dignity and honor to a statesman's
life and insure peace and consolation to a Chris-
tian's death.
Mr. LATIIAM said—
Mr. Speaker: Gratitude for the kindness of a
friend, as well as reverence for the greatness of a
man, prompt me to unite my stranger voice with
yours in this mournful requiem for the departed.
And if an apology be needed, that thus early I
claim your attention, let it be enough to say that,
from the hps now cold and fixed, and the voice
now hushed in death, came first the encouraging
•words of counsel and incentive, the gentle tones
of sympathy and feeling, that have placed me,
to-day, among you. I could leave to the gentle-
men who have preceded me, and to the quiet med-
itation of my own heart, the retrospect of his ir-
reproachable life, and the rehearsal of the noble
principles that he so-long and firmly advocated,
were it not that over every mountain and valley,
every plain and ravine of California, are scattered
thick the adopted homes of Alabamians, who,
while the memories of their childhood are fresh,
or the graves of their fathers green, can never fail,
with you, to remember the tife of the statesman
with exultation, or forget to mourn the death of
the good man with sympathetic expression. How
natural, then, that I should turn your attention
to a few pages in the history of a man, who haa
filled every place, but one, to which the ambition
of an American citizen may aspire, and has filled
all with distinguished credit to himself and honor
to the country.
William Rums King was a noble specimen of
an American statesman and gentlemun. The in-
timate friend of John C. Calhoun, arid ihecotem-
porary of Webster, Clay, Cass, and Benton, he
maintained a proud position in the Senate of the
United States,, by his strong, practical good sense,
his experience and wisdom as a legislator, the
acknowledged rectitude of his intentions, and that
uniform urbanity of manner which marked, not so
much the man of conventional breeding, as the true
gentleman at heart. He was no sophist to him-
self, and hence it was that he was truthful and
sincere to all the world. His course in the Senate
was considerate and dignified. He never yielded
to the impulse of the moment; but made his
tongue wait .upon his judgment. He never knew
what it was to speak, act, or legislate by in-
direction. He was frank and loyal to his col-
leagues, as he was devoted to his own State, and
sincerely attached to the Union. Is it a wonder,
then, that the Senate listened to every word which
fell from his lips; that his voice was potential
whenever it pleaded the cause of his country?
It is said that during a primary meeting held
by one of the factions into which the first French
National Convention was divided, one of the men
who afterwards played a most conspicuous part
in history, sppke but afew words, and these with-
out emphasis. Yet such was the conviction he
produced, that his views were instantly adopted.
He possessed the genius of character; he believed
what he said, and produced conviction in others.
It is this peculiar "genius of character" which
gave force and direction to Mr. King's speeches
in the United States Senate, and produced that
deference to his avowed opinions and principles
which none of his colleagues shared in a more
eminent degree. In all that belonged to him in-
dividually, Mr. King was the very type of an
American gentleman. Free from artifice and dis-
guise, his every thought and instinct was chiv-
alric. Not to adventitious circumstances, not to
the chances of birth or fortune, not to the so-
ciety into which he was thrown, was he in-
debted either for the distinction to which he rose
in public life, or to the grace which adorned his
private character. He never borrowed thoughts
or sentiments from others. His mind and heart
were of American growth, while his eminent
virtues served to illustrate our national charac-
ter. As Americans, we recognize no standard
of greatness which is not based on moral ex-
cellence, such as preeminently distinguished the
early founders of our institutions and laws; and
in this respect few of the great men whose names
have passed into our history, can boast of a
nearer approach to those great exemplars, than
he whose irreparable loss we now.mourn in com-
mon with the whole country. During his long
and eventful life, of which a very large por-
tion was spent in the public service, there is
not an act which can be referred to but to his
honor—not a suspicion that could mar the purity
and luster of his escutcheon. Mr. King became
a member of the Senate in 1819, when the State
of Alabama was admitted into the Union, and
enjoyed the honor of representing her, with but
one intermission, ever since. He was amember of
that body when he was nominated for the Vice
Presidency, and its presiding officer. The respect
of his colleagues had already assigned him the place
to which he was subsequently called by the almost
unanimous voice of the people. He was from
principle and conviction a State's Rights man; but
he did not love the Union less because he loved
Alabama more. While he was serving his own
State with fidelity and honor, he was not remiss
in his duties to the whole American Confederacy.
Like his illustrious prototype, John C. Calhoun,
he battled for the rights of his State, in ovder to
secure that harmony between Federal and State
power, which is of the essence of the Union, and
