mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
compel a retain of the vessel absolutely, before
the sale of the vessel in those ports, to get a bill
of sale 'from the proper officers in the United
States; but I would absolutely prohibit the trade
in that vessel between the South American Atlan-
tic eoadt and the coast of Africa. Then there can
be no avoiding the provision.
Why, si*, the law is well enough now, but for
an avoidance of it; and let me tell the honorable
Senator from Delaware; that in my judgment, men
who will engage in this traffic, will find ways
enough to evade the provisions of this bill. There
is no adequate method by which the trade can be
suppressed, except by prohibiting intercourse
entirely between these two coasts. 1 have come
to this conclusion from a long conference with
gentlemen who have resided in Brazil, and from a
thorough investigation of it with a gentleman of
Virginia, who "was at the time resident in that
place. He satisfied me, beyond a doubt, that the
only possible way of suppressing the trade was
to declare it illegal in whole from these southern
ports, and then require your vessels absolutely to
return from the islands which are nelrest—Cuba,
Jamaica, and all those islands—before transfer.
This latter provision may be some hardship.
Perhaps gales may be sometimes prevented, if
you require our vessels to return from there; but
still the distance is not so great as to make it very
onerous upon them; and a bill containing these
two provisions, in my judgment, would be vastly
more effective, and vastly more certain of pro-
' ducing the results which the honorable Senator
from Delaware desires. Still, 1 shall vote for
the bill*in its present form, if it cannot undergo
this alteration.
, Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, 1 could make
the bill more effectual, as the honorable Senator
says, very readily by prohibiting all trade what-
ever from any Atlantic port, or any West India
port; but, then I should' trespass on a great prin-
ciple of policy to which the United States have
uniformly adhered; and that is, not to interfere
with either the ship-building or the navigating
interest of the country. That has been the" cher-
ished policy of the Government..
Now, sir, 1 do not wish to have this great meas-
ure encounter any such opposition as this bill will
meet if the suggestion of my honorable friend be
adopted. I do not say that, thinking as 1 do of
this inhuman traffic, I might not agree with him,
even at the expense of the navigating interest, in
the suggestion he has made. But,"Sir, I am sat-
isfied that this bill is sufficient for the purposes
we have in view, and it is not necessary at all to
Before 1 sit down, I shall offer an amendment
to this bill, providing for putting into the hands
of the colonization society some funds, to furnish
them help and aid to suppress this trade. Such
a measure, in my judgment, will be more efficient
than even this bill. Nothing, in my opinion, is so
well calculated to suppress that trade as to create
a cordon-of civilized towns upon the African
coast, south of the present settlements in Liberia.
A small amfcunt of money, probably one third
' or one fourth the amount which it now costs us
to maintain the squadron which we are bound by
the Ashburton treaty to keep up on the African
coast, will do four times as much service in the
suppression of the slave trade as is now done by
the maintenance of that squadron. I am therefore
by no means wedded to its continuance. I am
willing that the treaty shall be abrogated, so far
as that is concerned, provided always we get some-
thing more efficient to take its place. But, sir, I
am not willing now, in view of the passage of a
recent measure that has excited the country, to
remove and repeal the last barrier, as it will be
said, whether truly or not, to the suppression of
the slave trade, with a view to the importation of
slaves into the country to answer a supposed in-
creased demand. I cannot consent to withdraw
that squadron, unless something more efficient,
or, at least, as efficient, be placed in its stead.
I believe, sir, that, instead of appropriating
eight hundred thousand or a million of dollars a
year for the maintenance of eighty guns on the
coast of Africa, an annual appropriation of two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to the Ameri-
can Colonization Society, to enable them to ply
steamers between our coast and the African coast,
with ordinary equipments, perhaps one long gun
and other preparations for seizing and suppress-
ing African slavers, and with a view to the pur-
chase of tracts of country from time to time on
this coast, upon which to plant your emigrant ne-
groes and build up civilized societies, will be the
most efficient measure that can be adopted. On
this coast slaves are now brought to market and
sold there, as is well known, to traders for this
continent and its adjacent islands. I believe that,
by enabling the American Colonization Society
to settle it with civilized communities, we should
do tenfold more to suppress the slave trade than
by the maintenance of the present squadron, or
even the provisions of this bill.
The subject has not been well matured by me,
but there can be, in my judgment, nothing so well
calculated to suppress slavery and the slave trade,
as civilization. Put civilization as a wall along
interfere either with the^navigating interest, or the j i the coast of Africa, where these creatures are
     1 brought from the interior by their brethren and
sold to the cupidity of American traders, and you
will at once, I believe, effectually suppress this
trade. I wish to accomplish that object. But
not being willing that our present preventive
measures shall pass from our hands; not being
willing that this provision of the Ashburton treaty
shall be abrogated, or even that this bill shall be
passed at present; and not being willing to trust
ship-building interest of the country.
I think it is true that there is not a very exten-
sive trade between the South American and Afri-
can coasts, but nevertheless there is a trade, the
extent of which probably neither the honorable
Senator nor myself is aware of. Our trade i9 grow-
ing with that country, and will continue to grow
between different parts of the world, every year.
Here, sir, we hfjve in view the adoption of a ,, r   t 
great, measure of humanity, and in endeavoring to :j to the liberality ofSenators and members to pass
get it through, let ua avoid bringing it into conflict [ what, in my judgment, the occasion demands,
with any of these questions of national policy. j| after the adoption of this bill, I shall insist, before
As the bill now stands, it cannot interfere at all it be passed, that some provision like that which
with the navigating interest ot the country, nor |; I now offer shall be adopted, or some evidence
with the ship-building interest m any form. It given that it will be adopted. With that view 1
cannot encounter objection from any man who is ; offer thefollowingadditiona! sections, as an amend-
not resolved that the African slave trade<$ialfgo . . .. =
on as it has under these sea-letters. 1 trust, there-
fore, that the bill will pass as it stands.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I regret that I
am not better acquainted with the strategy and
detail of commerce, and especially this kind of
commerce which it' is proposed to suppress. 1
will say, however, that there is no Senator who
^jlj go further than I will to suppress this tiaffic,
which is abhorred by God and denounced by man.
Its suppression is a measure that commends itself
to the consideration and the approval of every
man of heart in the country, as I believe.
ment to the bill:
j Sec—. Jitvibe itfurther- enacted y That the sum of$^t50,000
; be, and is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money
| in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated, to the orderof
, the proper officer of the American Colonization Society,
for the year ending 30th of June, 1855, for the purpose of
I enabling said society to establish a line of steam vessels
! consisting of two steamers. Said steamers shall each make
three tripa within the year, and, as near as possible, atreg-
| ulur intervals, alternating between the ports of New York, 1
■ Baltimore, Norfolk, Savannah, and New Orleans, and the 1
' coast of Africa, touching at .such plKces as said society
phali direct,
' Sec. —. And be it further enactcd, That the Government
of the United States shall have the privilege of transporting
to Wfct Afi iah tiin nniTouMAH* mn!i>. n..j i;i*n
to1 hT,^'ft?^n,ai,S' a"d
to examine the details of this lull. No such op- Sec.—. Jlni be it further enadei, That said society
porlumty has been given the Senate at all. The ann eacJl steam'er with one long, heavy gun, on a
bill has been but recently brought before the bndv P1V0t  two small guns, and shall man them with &
f urged the Senator at his seat to consent to let ?«£d*r. •«*«"
the matter lie over until Monday, but he did not
see fit to do so* I hope that something will arise
that shall render it necessary to pass the bill over,
until we can consider it further.
under private commissions from the Government, to repress j
and check slavers on the line of their voyage between this j
country and the west coast of Africa, and along the line of I
said coast, and on their return voyage shall run down said j
coast as low as Cabarda, and return cruising along said I
coast as high as the Gambia. I
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, 1 hope that
amendment will not prevail. If it be adopted it
may perhaps defeat the bill. If the honorable
gentleman desires to offer such a proposition as
that the Government of the United States shall
employ the Colonization Society in the business of
-navigating steamers between this country and
Liberia, let him bring it forward on some other
occasion. Let him bring it forward on some
occasion jvhen it will not embarrass a measure of
this salutary character. There is nothing of
necessary connection between this amendment
and the bill.
I, sir, am myself a friend of the Colonization
Society, and I should be very happy to see it ad-
vanced in all its great objects; but I do think that
if this amendment be engrafted on the bill at this
time, it will defeat it. We know that honorable
gentlemen here, who are friendly to the bill as it
stands, are directly opposed to this amendment.
There is no necessary connection whatever be-
tween the two. I trust, therefore, that as the hon-
orable gentleman professes to be in favor of the
bill, he will consent to withdraw the amendment,
if he discovers, as I think he will, on a very slight
examination, that it must necessarily obstruct the
passage of the measure.
I do not go into a discussion of the questions
arising out of the amendment the gentleman has
proposed. I confine myself in my objection to it
to this single remark, that it must have the effect
of impeding the passage of the bill. There is
barely time now left for the bill to pass through
the House of Representatives as well as the Sen-
ate, although 1 believe there is a general feeling in
favor of the measure, in both branches of Con-
gress. I hope the Senate will not agree to the
amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I will not say that the honor-
able Senator from Delaware is opposed to this
measure to appropriate any money for the .sup-
pression of the slave trade, but he talks very much
like a member of any legislative body who is op-
posed to a measure submitted. He says this is
not the right place, it is wrong; it has no connec-
tion with this bill, move it somewhere else. Move
it again, when we have the least possible chance
of success, is the advice the Senator gives me.
Sir, so far as relates to its connection with this
bill, none could be more appropriate. The bill is
entitled " A bill for the more effectual suppression
of the slave trade in American-built vessels," and
nothing can be more appropriate for that purpose
than the appropriation of a small amount of money
to carry out the object. What could be more
efficient than the plying of two steamers which it
is proposed shall be plied r What could be more
efficient than the appropriation of the money pro-
posed by it>
1 desire, Mr. President, however, while I am
up, to say, that I shall press this amendment, oy
something in its form. I am not willing that this
bill shall pass, that the subject shall be up in any
form, that the abrogation of the treaty of 1842
j shall take place, withdrawing our squadron from
j that coast, unless there shall be some substitute
I for it. I desire, however, to ask that the whole
| subject may lie upon the table, and the bill be
ordered to be reprinted, with the amendment, in
order that Senators may see it. It may need
someySruning, some alteration, and some amend-
ment; and until Senators can see it, they cannot
well make up their minds. I move that the bill lie
on the table, and be ordered to be reprinted with
the amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 hope the Senator will
withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. PETTIT. Certainly.
.Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator
labors under an entire misapprehension of the
character of the bill. Why, sir, the bill has
nothing to do with the abrogation of the fifth arti-
cle of the Ashburton treaty of 1842. It contains,
no provision on that subject whatever. It has
nothing to do with it. It contains provisions for
the suppression of the slave trade in American-
built vessels, but it does not, in any part of it,
refer to the Ashburton treaty, or to the withdrawal
of any part of our squadron from the coast of
Africa.
Mr. PETTIT. Another proposition does con-
template that.
Mr. CLAYTON. What is the effect of the
Senator's proposition? To order this to lie on the
