1854.
TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1598
table until he can have time to look at it further.
The session is nearly at an end; we have no time
to lose. If honorable Senators concur with me
in the beneficent character of this measure, and
the humanity of it, they will, unless they have
objection to it, assist me in its passage, and 1 call
upon them to stand by me and assist me in passing
it now, in order that the other branch of Congress
may have an opportunity to act upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this subject will go
over. The amendment of the Senator from In-
diana presents a very important question; and I
think it is likely to commit the United States to
the adoption of a very dangerous policy. At
any rate, I should like to have time to look into it
further. I hope, therefore, it will be allowed to
■ go over. We ought not to be hurried to a vote
on such a subject as this.
Mr. PETTlT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Wednesday, as
the Senate has agreed to adjourn from to-day until 1
Wednesday; and that the bill be reprinted with
the amendment. i
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the honorable Senator
from Virginia propose to sustain the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I am opposed to it
as far as I understand it. I wish to examine it ;
further, however.
Mr. CLAYTON. Would the honorable Sen- ;
ator under any circumstances give §250,000 to the
Colonization Society for this purpose?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly not. But 1 wish
to look further into the matter, ;
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 sympathize with my col- j
league, and think his amendment germane to the :
bill. If he intends to press the consideration of the 1
subject upon the attention of Congress at this ses-
sion, it cannot be so properly done upon any bill
as upon this. The amendment is an important i
one; it appropriates a large sum of money. The 1
hour of one o'clock is arrived, at which the Sena-
tor from Texas is entitled to the floor. I therefore
hope the subject will be postponed for the purpose ,j
of letting him proceed with his remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger j
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to !
postpone the further consideration of the subject ;
until Wednesday next, and that the bill be re-
printed with the amendment. 1
Mr. CLAYTON. It is not to order it to lie on .
the table. -
Mr. PETTIT. No, sir; I submitted a motion :i
to postpone in place of the other motion. j
The 'motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC. 1
Mr. GWIN, I move that the Senate take up !
the bill to authorize the construction of a line of j
telegraph from the Mississippi river to the Pa- '
cific ocean, not for the purpose of considering it ,,
now, but to postpone it until Wednesday next, 1
so as to have it considered then. It has been re-
ported from the Committee on Territories. |
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. HAMLIN, ) desire to offer a few amend- !
ments to the bill, it will take but a few moments j
for their consideration. The first is in the first j
section of the substitute of the committee, to «
strike out the words <5 or some other point on the
Pacific coast." The object is to make the term- j
ination definite at San Francisco instead of in- i
definite.
The amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. HAMLrN. The next amendment is in •
the second section of the substitute reported from :
the committee, to insert after the word "and"
the word "after," so as to provide that—
" Said working stations ure to be supplied with nil the ,
requisite telegraph apparatus, instruments, operator:?, and
men necessary to its efficiency and reliability; and the 1
same shall be completed and put m operation within two .
years from the pa^«agp of the bill, and after such State
legislation as maybe necessary to authorize its construe- i
tion by the fckates through which it may pass.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next I propose is to add, j
after the word " legislation," in the same clause,
" shall have been secured." It is a mere verbal j
amendment. i;
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr'. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in j!
the sixth section of the committee's substitute, 'j
to insert after the word "lands" the words '' cx
eluding all -mineral lands." It now provides for
land warrants to be issued for two millions of
acres of lands. The amendment is, that all min-
eral lands shall be excluded therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is to
add after the word "section," in the same sec-
tion of the committee's substitute, the words, " in
alternate sections." That is in the clause giving
the right to select from the public lands along the
line of the telegraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in
j the same section to strike out the word "less"
land insert the word "more." As it now reads,
!j it gives the right to select " not less than a section
• ! or more than a township m one body." The
I amendment is to make it read, " not more than a
section."
I The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. HAMLIN, I next propose to strike out
i of the sixth section the words: "Nor more than
j a township in one body. If more than a town-
j ship shall be selected in the same locality, alter-
i nate townships only shall be taken." The bill j
| will then simply provide for the sections to be 1
j taken in alternate sections, instead of townships.
The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. HAMLIN. 1 next propose, in the same
j section, after the word "surveyed," to insert "if
i practicable," so that the clause shall read, "where
l unsurveyed lands shall have been selected, the
j President of the United States shall cause the \
j same to be surveyed, if practicable." \
! The amendment was agreed to.
1 Mr. HAMLIN. The last amendment which !
j I propose is in the proviso of the sixth section, after
| the word " with," to insert " the location and," i
I so that the proviso shall read: '
j " That in tlie event a railroad to the Pacific ocean shall .
; be located on or near said line of telegraph, the grant of
! land contemplated in tins section shall be so located as not
i to interfere with the location, and any grant Congress may
| make m aid of the con&trnetion of said railroad.J"
Mr. GWIN. These amendments have been
made at my suggestion, and others may be neces-
sary before the bill is perfected. That in regard
to the exclusion of mineral lands from donation |
1 I had inserted to put a stop to the circulation of I
, falsehoods in my own State that, because these
land donation grants do not, in express terms,
i exclude the mineral lands, they can be selected as
j other public lands, if the bills asking for those
' grants become laws. This is not true; but those
i who have told one falsehood to prejudice me
i among my constituents will repeat it on every
occasion that a pretext is given them. Years ago,
soon after I took my seat in this body, 1 advo-
cated the exclusion of the mineral region in Cali-
fornia from the operation of general legislation ill '
regard to the public lands; and it is now the lav/
of the land, and through my agency. Yet J in-
tend every bill donating the public lands, that
may apply to California, to have an express pro-
vision excluding the mineral lands from its opera-
tion, to prevent enemies from misrepresenting me
to my constituents. I move now the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of the subject
until half past twelve o'clock, on Wednesday
next.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 ought to have stated that
the amendments were all made with the approba-
tion of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. Gwis's motion was agreed to.
JAMES ROBERTSON.
Mr. EVANS. A man of the name of Robert-
son, who is probably known to every Senator,
sometime since presented a claim, through a me-
morial, which was laid before the Senate by the
Senator from Mississippi. It was referred to the
Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the i
Senate, and a report is now before the body on the '
subject, which I ask, as a special favor to myself, '
may be disposed of now. I am harassed day by
day by his applications. I have just received a '
note from him, in which he says that General :
Houston is willing to defer the commencement of ,i
his speech, in order to enable him to have this ,
thing acted upon. ' j
Mr. HOUSTON. If it should lead to no debate, ,
I have no objection.
Mr. EYANS. 1 pi;vui.ie there will be no tie-,'i
bate. The report is adverse to the claim; but he
tells me that more than a majority of the Senate
are disposed to give him something. He partic-
ularly mentions my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] who is on the same committee as myself.
I move that the report be taken up, so that we
may dispose of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not certainly inter-
fere with the Senator from South Carolina, if it
be possible to dispose of this report immediately.
I have already given way this morning to gentle-
men, to enable them to bring forward their bills,
but it seems to me that the applications multiply;
still, if this subject can be disposed of without de-
bate, I shall yield with pleasure.
Mr. EVANS. If it gives rise to debate I shall
consent to postpone it.
Mr. HOUSTON. With that understanding, I
give way.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the report.
The committee do not consider the case as
! coming within the subjects of their cognizance*
1 Their proper business is to audit and control the
funds set apart yearly for the contingent expenses
of the Senate. The claim of the petitioner is for
damages sustained by reason of the unlawful arrest
and imprisonment by the officers of the Senate.
This cannot be considered as one of the contingent
expenses of the Senate which it is the duty of the
committee to audit or control. If the petitioner is
I entitled to any damages, it should be granted by
| an act of Congress, or by a resolution of the Sen-
ij ate. Taking this view of the case, they are unable
:l to conjecture why the petition was referred to
I them, unlets it be that they should report on the
;j facts. The subject has been more than once be-
; fore the Senate, and two very full reports have been
i; heretofore made, which, it is believed, embody all
'! the facts of the case. To these, the committee
^ have nothing to add, except that so far as has ap-
I peared to them, the petitioner is a harmless and
j inoffensive man, and had no design on the life of
! Mr. Clay, on a suspiciot>of which he was arrested
j by the officers of the Senate. He had conceived
| the notion that Mr. Clay had done him great in-
| juries, and was unworthy of a seat in the Senate.
! He had drawn a memorial setting out his charges,
i anil had applied to Mr. Foote, of Mississippi, to
j present it, and had come into the Senate Chamber
j with a view to get it presented. This led to the
! apprehension that his mind was disordered, and in
j order to prevent any act of violence, whilst under
I this delusion, he was arrested and committed to
; prison.
; Although the committee do not consider the
I subject as falling within the sphere of their duty,
yet they were willing to collect the facts and to
recommend, as has been heretofore done, some
reasonable gratuity to one in his condition; but,
on conversing with him, his demands were so
! exorbitant that they decline to make any recom-
j mendation—leaving it to his friends, of whom, he
! says, he'has many in the Senate, to submit a res-
olution for further compensation, if it is considered
he has any claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
ill the chair.) The Chair does not perceive that
this report contains any recommendation for the
action of the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that the Senate concur
in the report
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposes that the Senator's intention is to dis-
charge the committee frpm the further consider-
ation of the subject.
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVANS. Some Senator may have a
proposition to offer.
Several Sf.vators. Oh, no.
The motion to discharge tile committee was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
A nitstiage was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, -
announcing that they had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the resolution providing
for the adjournment of the present session of
Congress.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the commit-
tee of conference to make a report. It is of course
the same as that svhich has been concurred in by
