1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
the House. I hope it will be concurred in by the
Senate.
The report was read. It recommends that the
House recede from their original resolution, that
the Senate recede fiom their amendment thereto,
and that the President of the Senate, and the
Speaker of the House adjourn their respective
Houses sine die on Friday, the 4th of August, at
twelve o'clock, m.
The repoit was concurred in.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
The PRESUMING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Senator from Texas, in pur-
suance of notice, asks the unanimous consent of |
the Senate to make a personal explanation. If j
there be no objection, the Senator will now pro- '
ceed.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the Senate for nearly
three hours, in the course of which he quoted
much documentary testimony in relation to the
late Texiis JNavy, and ceitain acts of Commodore
E. W. Moore, when Texas was an independent
Republic, and the Senator was itsPresident. The
subject of incorporating the officers of the Texas
Navy with that of the United States, bus frequently
' been before Congress, and a persona! controversy
has arisen, which the Senator from Texas thought
required from hnn the explanation and statement
which he this day made. His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
LAND SYSTEM' IN THE) TERRITORIES.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives, "to establish the
officesof surveyor geneial ofNevv Mexico,Kan-
sas, and Nebraska, to grant donations to actual
settieis therein, and for other purposes," have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment. 1 wish to state that tins is exactly similar
to a bill which passed the Senate with the addi-
tion of a section piovidmg for a suiveyor £en-
eral'softice for the two Ttnutories of Kansas and
Nebraska, and a land office for each. As it is
important that we should have early action on the
subject, I ask for the present consideration of the
biif.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whoje, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thiid reading, lead a
third tune, and passed.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The bill from the House of Reptesentatives
further to amend the art entillrd " An act to re-
duce and modify the lates of postage in the Uni-
ted Slates, and forotherpurposes," passed Match
3, 1HM, was tend a fust and Nccond time by its
title, arid referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Konds.
The House lull for the relief of A. B. Roman,
of Louisiana, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Ptivate Land Claims.
The joint resolution fiom the House to correct
a clerical error m an act approved June 2*2, 1851,
to authorize a register to be issued to the steamer
El Paraguay by a new name, was lead twice by
its title, and refened to the Committee on Com-
meice.
TITLE TO LANDS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands have instructed me to report a bill
to ve*t m the several States and Temtories the
title in fee of the lands- which have l>* en, or may
be certified to them." This bill is stated by the
Commissioner of the General Laud Olfioe to i e
necessary, in consequence of a decision of the Su-
frerne Court of the United States at its last term.
am sure no one will object to the bill. 1 ask for
its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read twice
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that where lunds have been, or shall
hereafter be granted by any law of Congress to
any State or Territoiy *, and where the law does
not convey the foe simple title of the lands, or re-
quite patents to be i-.iued therefor, the hst,- m such
lands which hove been, or may hereafter be ceitt-
fied by the Comrnistioner of the General Land
Office, under the seal of the office, either as origin-
als, or copies of the ongmals or records, shall be
regarded as conveying the fee simple of all the
lands embraced in such lists of the character con-
templated by such act of Congress, and intended
to be granted thereby; but where lands embraced
in such lists are not of the character embiaced by
the acts of Congress, arid are not intended to be
granted thereby, those lists, so far as these lands
arc concerned, «haII be null and void, and no right,
title, claim, or interest shall be conveyed thereby.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
thnd time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GW1N, the Senate pro- 1
ceeded to the consideiation of Executive business; '
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were j
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
IiOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 1, lb34.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Si.icer.
The Journal ofyesteiday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER yesterday appointed Messrs.
Orr, JVIatteson, and Barksdale the committee
of conference on liie part ot the House to meet a
like committ e on the part of the Senate on the
disagreeing v tts of the two Houses with refer-
ence to the re olution of the House fixing a day
for the adjournment sine die of the present session
of Congress.
ISAAC BOWMAN.
Mr. EDDY, i ask leave of the House to make
a correction of a report made by me yesterday
in the case of Isaac Bowman. Perhaps t failed
in being undeistood by the Speaker of the House,
when I made that report m this case. I stated at
the time I hat the committee concurred in a former
report, and that they asked to be dischaiged from
its further consideration. If! did not say this, it
was my object to say that the committee had
concurred in a former report made by the same
committee, and that they desired the adoption of
a resolution by the House that they should be
dischaiged from its further consideration. I ask
that the Journal be corrected m this respect.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
matje a report from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims for the relief of Isaac Bowman, fie
states that the committee directed him to report
its concurrence m a former icsolution adopted by
the committee, which is in the following words:
" licbvh'ptl, That the petition in tin- ease of l^aai Bow-
man be referred to the Secretary oi the lutenoi lor liqui-
dation, under tin* act ot Ajml f>, IKii, and that this com-
mittee bo discharged troiu us iui thei con.s;deiatioii."
This is the resolution in which the committee
| concurred, and which they reported to the House.
I The Chan did not understand that a vote was to
• be had upon that lesolution, and mthe usual form
! directed that the committee be discharged from the
! further consideration of the case, as requested by
j the gentleman making the repoit, and that the re-
! port he upon the table. The gentleman from Indi-
j ana, and the committee, it seems, intended to have
I the action of the House upon the resolution in favor
j of the claimant, and that the papers should be
i transmitted to the Department. It will be for the
j House to determine what course it will take upon
j the subject.
! Mr. LI AVEN. I could not hear what the gen-
i tleman fiom Indiana said. I desire to know it he
j supposes that the Secretary has power, under
j existing law, to act upon the subject without our
, conferring on him additional power?
I Mr. EDDY. I suppose he has.
Mr. HAVEN. It that is so, we may as well
; pass the resolution, as it is not a joint resolution.
; The SPEAKER, if there be no objection, the
i question will be upon the adoption of the resolu-
i tion.
i Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
> what act is referred to ?
I Mr. EDDY. I will explain. Lieutenant Isaac
i Bowman was a heutemmt in th« Illinois regiment,
j under the command of General George Roger-
| stock. Fio.n the evidence before the committee,
1 thcie can. scarcely be the shadow of a doubt but
1 that the services for wmch the claim is made were
. peiformcd by Lieutenant Bowman in that regi-
i merit, and pei formed for a period which should
entitle him to a pension under the act of 1832. I
suppose it is scarcely necessary to go into the his-
tory of the case now. [Cries of No !" "No!"]
Not one of the committee to whom the case was
referred entertained a doubt of the justice ot the
claim, it was a clear one; and the claimant is a
very meritorious man.
The resolution was then agreed to.
DUTIES ON FOREIGN MERCHANDISE.
Mr. FULLER. 1 have a Senate bill heie (No.
245) which I desire to have put upon Us passage;
and I ask the unanimous consent of the House
for that purpose. It is a bill for the purpose of
facilitating the payment m specie of duties on the
importation of foreign merchandise, as it seems
that serious inconvenience exists under the pres-
ent law. It is a bill "to amend the provisions .
of the fifty-sixth section of the act entitled ' An act
to regulate the colieciion of duties on impoit&and
tonnage,' approved 2d March, 1799."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us hear the
bill read for information.
The biil was read in exlenso by the Clerk.
It provides that whenever merchandise is im-
ported into any port of the United States from any
foreign country, in vessels propelled, in whole or
in part, by steam, and when it shall appear that
such meichandise is to be delivered immediately
after the entry ot the vessel, it shall be lawful for
the collector of the customs to take possession of
said merchandise, and deposit the same in a bonded
warehouse; and whenever it Khali not appear that
the merchandise is to be immediately delivered, it
shall be lawful for the collector of customs to takft
possession of the same and deposit it in any
bonded warehouse at the request of the owner,
master, or consignee of the vessel, on three days'
notice from such collector.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 object to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I do not wish
to inflict a speech upon the House, and I ask the
pnvilege of punting one.
JNo objection being made, leave was granted.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS SINE DIE.
Mr. ORR. I ask leave to submit a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
fixing the day of adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference have met, and. after a full
find fox: consultation, have agreed to lecommeml mat the
IIouxj oi Refne^eiiiaiive- recede fiom Hi- n original resolu-
tion; and that the Senate recede, trom their amendment
thereto; ami that the President of the Senate, and the
Speaker of the Ilou^e, do severally adjourn their le.-pcehve
Houses sine die on Friday, the iouilh day ot" Augiiot next,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. ORR. The committee had a very long
conference, and agreed upon the report which has
been just read at the Clerk's table. - The mem-
bers of this body are as well prepared, i presume,
to vote on this question now as they would be
after a further debate. The usual practice in this
matter is, I believe, to demand the previous ques-
tion on the concurrencejnevery reportfioma com-
mittee of conference. And I therefore demand
the question on concurring in this report,.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
repoit of the committee of conference upon the
table, and I hope it will be nailed there; and if
the House would allow me, I could give the rea-
sons.
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask the ye^iand nays upon
that motion. ™
The yeas and nays were ordeied.'*
. The question was then taken;and it wasdecided
; in the negative—yeas 50, nays J14; as follows:
i YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Banks Belcher, Campbell, Car-
j pentei, Chandlei, Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Di-ney,
. Eddy, English. E^eihart, Flounce, Fuller, Green, Ilen-
! (trick-, ilenn. Hniyer, Hughe-, Ingersol!,Geome W. Joee«,
, Roland Jorie>. Lindley, Liml iey, McMuHitt, Mace, iVlacy,
| MaxwtSI, Mayall, Smith Miller, Noble,Parker, Bishop Per-
, kin-, Piatt, RichanlbOnj Riddle. R«hv<j, Sabm, Shannon,
! Ficdeiiek P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor ,L. Ste-
! vens David Stuait. Nathaniel G. Taylor,Thmston, Tracy,
Uphaui. Y«u!,and Vaiisuint—.">().
NATS—Me^-is-. Abeieioiiibje, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Appleton. David J. Bailey', liarkf-dale, Bell. T'en-
nen. J5en?nu. Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, CantUiers,
ChaiijUeii.-iiii, C'h<t-tau>. (.Mm-man, Churenwell, Chnqman,
Col((!iitr, Cook, ('orwin, Cox, Craiire, Ciockei, Cull obi,
! 'Dieuias Davi-, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Dowdell, F<ast-
' man. Edmanris Ednmndsou, Thomas i>. Ehot, EHison,
| Evving, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagltu, Franklin,
' Gamble, Greenwood, GiOw, Aaron Hiirlan, Sampson W.
