m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
tny State, April, 1786. Hia father, William
King, was a gentleman of fortune and character.
During the revolutionary war, he rendered import-
ant services to his country's cause, both by per-
sonal service and the generous use of his fortune.
After the conclusion of the war, he was a member
of the Convention which was called to adopt the
Federal Constitution, and was repeatedly elected
a delegate to the General Assembly ^from his
county. His situation in life enabled him to be-
stow on his children all the advantages of educa-
tion, which our country at that time afforded.
Colonel Kino was sent at an early age to the
University of North Carolina, located at Chapel
Hill, which institution he left in his seventeenth
year, bearing with him the happy consolation of
having commanded the respect of his professors,
the love and esteem of his associates. He studied
law with William Duify, an eminent jurist, resid-
ing in the town of Fayetteville, where he formed
friendships which he preserved with affection to
the day of his death. On being admitted to the
bar, he settled in his native county, from which he-
was returned the following year as a member of
the Legislature. tins body he was elected
Solicitor for the Wilmington judicial district, in
which situation he continued for two years. He
was then again returned to the Legislature for
the years 1808-9. In the year 1810 he was
elected to the Congress of the United States, being
theTwelfth Congress. This was a most important
crisis m our national affairs. France, dominant
in Europe, England, mistress of the ocean, our
neutrality was grossly disregarded by each of these
supercilious Powers. To our menacing protests
France ultimately yielded respect. England con-
tinued her career of haughty insolence. War or
national degradation was inevitable.
True Republicans avoided not the issue, but met
it boidly. Colonel King acted with them with his
whole soul; and, though one of the youngest mem-
bers of the Congress, he was distinguished for the
firm and fervid earnestness with which he sup-
ported the illustrious Madison in his patriotic ef-
forts to sustain the honor of our counti y. He con-
tinued a member of Congress until after the conclu-
sion of the war, when he accepted a diplomatic
position abroad, associated with that scholar and
statesman, William Pinckney. On his return from
Europe, he changed hisreskfence from Worth Car-
olina to Alabama, carrying with him the cordial
respect and good wishes of ail—the enmity of no
one. Alabama was then a Territory, but on the
eve of organizing a State government,and as soon
it was done, she, although Colonel King was
then absent from the State, honored him with one
of her first Senatorial appointments in the Congress
of the United States—a most flattering mark of
confidence, which confidence he enjoyed in the
amplest manner during fhe remainder of his long
and eventful life. It is unnecessary for me to read
further from the volume of Ins life. His subse-
quent career has already been detailed by able
and experienced friends. What is the lesson which
posterity can learn from this volume ? It is useful!
it is significant! Let the honor, let the happiness
of our country, as with him, be our ruling aspha-
tion; but in its advocation, let us so attemper, as
he did, our conduct; so dispense the charities of
life that we can command for oursehes the love of
friends; the admiration of opponents. While such
is the brilliant picture of his public career, his pri-
vate life, his frank and confiding disposition, his
uniform courtesy and kindness, the single-hearted
devotedness of his friendship, his love of right, his
hatred of wrong, his bold and chivalric temper
present a character worthy of our study and emu-
lation.
" A combination and a forin indeed,
Whore cvcrvv god did seem to set Ins seal,
To give the world assurance of a man."
Mr. BENTON said:
Mr. Speaker: The relation in which I have
stood to the eminent deceased, whose loss we all
deplore, nrjust plead my excus'e for a departure
from the ancient practice, which limited the num-
ber of tribute offerers, on an occasion like the
present, to the mover and seconder of the resolu-
tions which express the sense of the House at
the death of a fellow member.
Natives of the same State, and nearly of the
some a<>e, we emigrated when young to, what was
then, the Far West; and by the favor of our
adopted States, were both returned, and nearly at
the same time, to occupy seats on the lioor ot the
American Senate. Commencing—he in 3bl9, i m
1820—we remained for thirty years, (with the
exception of tne brief interval m which he rep-
resented his country at a foreign court,) members
of the same body—intimately associated in ail the
current business of that body, and in ail the
amenities of social and private life.
But my knowledge ot him goes beyond thirty
years—goes back to forty—and not then to the be-
ginning of his congressional service—when i lirst
sawhim on this floor. And 1 mention this lirst time
of seeing him, and m what place, to do honor to
the public man who could so long retain the confi-
dence of his constituents; and to their honor for 1
the steadiness of their support; and to the credit I
of our institutions, to which such stability be- !
tween constituent and representative promises a ;
duration, not to be measured by the brief lives of |
those Republics whose people were given up to i
fickleness and versatility. ]
These circumstances plead my excuse for de-
parting from a custom which limited the number
of those who should have the privilege of express-
ing, m the presence of the national representation,
their own, and the general feeling, at the demise
of a brother member.
The membeis who have preceded me have |
stated, and weil stated, the illustrious career ot the
deceased—tracing ins course through a long grad- j
ation, always rising, of public honois—fiom the
" General Assembly of his native State, to the sec- !
ond oiKce of his country—the Vice Presidency of
this great Republic.
To me it only belongs to join my voice to theirs,
and to the voices ot all who knew him, in cele-
brating the integrity and purity of his life—the
decorum of his manners — lus assiduous and
punctual attention to every duty—and the ability
and intelligence which he brought to the discus-
sion of the national affairs during his long service
of thirty years.
Faithful* to his adopted State, he exhibited,
when duty to htr permitted, the beautiful trait of
filial affection to the honored State of his birth—a
, Stale which has so many claims upon her children,
(besides that of having first given them the vital
air,) for their constant and grateful remembrance
—wheresoever they may go.
As friend, as associate, as native of the same !
State with the late Vice President King, 1 appear
on this occasion, and feel it to be, in me,—his
senior m age,—a providential privilege to assist in i
doing honor to his memory in the prtsencet>f the '
national representation.
\fr. PHILIPS said:
•Mr. Speaker: 1 cannot permit this occasion to
pass by, without paying tribute to the memory of
the deceased.
It is not, sir, to contribute to a mere ceremony,
or to conlorm to any public expectation, that i
now occupy t-he floor. My feelings are iar too
deep for such lip-service demonstration.
It was my fortune, Mr. Speaker, to have en-
joyed the full confidence and friendship of Wil-
l-iam il. King, for the whole period of my resi-
dence in the State which 1 have now the honor to
represent. I early learned to appreciate his high
qualities; and time, which tests all things, served
but to confirm my judgment. I nuy now safely :
say of him dead, what, with equal confidence, 1 '
may have said were he now living-, that the fie-1
public never produced a man of more exalted in- j
tegnty, or of a higher chivalry of character,
j I visited Washington for the first time a few t
years ago, and though it has been said, (with 1
what truth I cannot asseit,) that corruption here
stalks at noon day, it was with just prtde as an '
Alabammn, that I learned from all quarters and i
all parties, that through his long service in the ^
public councils of upwards of a quarter century
he had not only preserved his reputation intact'!
but freed, even from the breath of suspicion
It was this purity of character, joined to the
high qualities of a remarkably well-balanced
mind, that enabled him to enjoy, for so long a
period, the confidence of the people of his own
btate, and of the whole Confederacy.
has filled the highest offices, and discharged
the weightiest duties, with honor to himself, and
advantage to his country; well, therefore, may we
conclude, 111 the language of the Presidential mes-
sage, that the death of such a man is an irrepara-
ble loss to the country.
A great man has fallen, and it is fit we mourn
him ! Dying, as he lived, with a full knowledge
of the past, and a just appreciation of the future,
may I not indulge'in the hope, that thelightof his
example may long continue to illuminate the path
of the future Representatives of the State which
holds his remains and cherishes his memory.
The question was taken, and the resolutions
were unanimously adopted.
The House then adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 12, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sl'icer, Chaplain to
the Senate.
The Hon. .Tared W. Williams, of New Hamp-
shire, and Hon. James C. Jones, of Tennessee,
appealed in their seats this morning.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. WELLEFt (in consequence of the ab-
sence of Mr. Noriiis) presented the credentials
of the Hon. Jared W. Williams, appointed by
the Governor of New Hampshire, a Senator from
that State to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of the Hon. Charles Gordon Atherton;
which were read; and the oath of office having
been administered to Mr. Williams, he took hia
seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the report of the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in pursuance of the act of Congress
of May 1st, 1820, a statement of the appropria-
tions applicable to the service of the War De-
partment for the fiscal year 1859-3; the amounts
drawn from the Treasury during the same period;
the balances remaining on hand on the 1st of
July, 1853, and such appropriations as have been
carried to the surplus fund; which, on motion by
Mr. Gwin, was ordered to lie on the table, anil
be printed.
PETITION.
The PRESIDENT. I ask leave to present
the petition of the Iron Mountain Railroad Com-
pany of the State of Missouri, asking the right of
way through certain public lands reserved for
military purposes.
Mr. G-WIN. I move that the petition be
ordered to lie on the table until the committees be
formed.
The motion was agreed to,
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suggest that we should save
time by proceeding with the formation of the
standing committees, and then we can refer the
papers before the President. In pursuance of the
notice which I gave on Wednesday last, I now
offer the following amendment to the 34th rule of
the Senate:
Resohed, That the 34th rule of tlje Senate be amended,
so^as to read as follows, vjz :
34. Thefollowing standing committees!, to consist of the
number ot members opposite to each, shall bp appointed
at the commencement of each session, with leave to reuort
hy bill or olheivvisfi:
A Committee on Foreign Relations, of six members.
A Committee on Finance, of six members.
A Committee on Commerce, of six members.
A Committee on Manufactures, or five member?.
A Committee ori Agncultuic, of five memlvis.
A Committee on Military Attain, of six membets,
A Committee on the Militia, of live members.
A Committee on Naval Affairs, ot six members.
A Committee on Public Land-*, of six members.
A Committee on Pn \ ate Lund Claims, of five members*
A Committee on Indian Alfon^of six members.
A Committee on Claims, of six membeis.
A Committee on Revolutionary ClltnuSj ot five members.
A Committee on the Judicimy, of six members.
A Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, of six
members.
A Committee on Roads and Canals, of six members.
A Committee on Pensions, of Jive members.
A Committee on the District oi Columbia, of five mem-
bers.
A Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, of six
members.
A Committee on Retrenchment, to consist of five mem-
bers, whose duty it shall be to take into consideration the
.expenditures of the (Jtjyernment, ni the several departments
thereot, and to impure whether any, and. if anv, what
retrenchment can be mad^ without injury to the public
service, and to repoir thereupon, together with such propo-
sition® relative thereto as to them &ha!l wm expedient.
A Committee on Terntoues, to consist of six members.
A committee of three members, whose duty it shall be to
audit and contiol the contingent expenses of the Senate?
