1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1505
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Ilies-
ter, Hill, Houston, Howe, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J.
Glancy jones, Kerr, Kmredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, MeDongall, McNair,
IWaittsou, May, Middle«wart.h, John C*. Miller, Morgan,
Morn-ou, Muriay, Niehoh, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Packei, Pock, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Preston,
Pnngle, I'urvear, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Robbins,
Ruifin, ilu-sttlh Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Geuit Smith, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, William ft. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Alexander H. Stephens, John J. Taylor, John
L Tajloi, Trout. Wade, Walley, V\ aKh, Elhliu 13. Wash-
hmiie, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, and
Zolheofter—114-
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
call fop,the previous question.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers thereon.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and
Corwin were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
repotted 75 m the affinrmti\e, and GG in the nega-
tive.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon ordering the mam question?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if it will
be m older to move to reject the report of the
committee of conference, and raise a new com-
mittee?
,The SPEAKER. If the House refuse to
adopt the repoit of the committee, it will then be
in order to move to appoint another committee.
Mr. MgMULLIN. Weil," sir, 1 give notice
that, if the report be rejected, I shall make that
motion.
The question was then put upon ordering the
main question; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 1U2, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS— Me^rs. Abercroinbie, James C. Allen, Wil-
lis Allen, Appleton, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barks-
dale, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Breckinridge, Biidges, Car-
penter, Cai uthers, Chamberlain, Chastain, Chiisman,
Chncman, Colquitt, Cot win, Cox,Craige, Crocker, Thom-
as Davis-, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Dowdell, Edmands,
Ediuund-on, Thomas D. Ehot, Ellison, Hwmg, Farley,
denton, Flagler, Franklin, Gamble, Greenwood, Aaron
Ilailan, Sampson W. Harris, Hanson, Haven, Hill, llous-
tou, Howe, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kidwell, Kitti edue, Knox, Knit/.. Lamb, Latham, Letehei,
Liiidlev, McCulloch, McNair, Matie-on, May, Middle -
waith, John (J Miller, Morgan, Moirison, Mui ray, Nichols,
N"iton, Modecai Oliver,Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Pt)wt'll,
Pmmou', Pung'e, Puryear, Readv, Reese, David Ritchie.
Robbing Rullin, Russell, Sage, Sapp, Sewaid, Shaw, Gerrit
Smith, Sauiuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It
Str.uh, Ceorgc W. Smyth, Alexander II. Stephens, John
L. Tayloi, Trout, Wade, Waliey, Elhhu B. Wa^hburnc,
L-raPl'Washburn, John Wentwoith, Yates, and Zolhcof-
ter—102.
NAVS—Messrs Aikon, Ashe, Belelier, Brooks, Camp-
bell, Ca<kie, Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Disney, East-
man, Eddy, English, Kvrrliarl, Florence, Fuller, Goode,
Gteon, Giovv, Ilastmi?d, Ilendnck*, Henn, Hic&ter, Iliii-
>(■(, Hughes, ln^eisoll, George W. Jones. Roland Jones,
Lilly, Luidsley, McMtilhn, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall,
.Smith Miller, Milton, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Parkei,
Bi-hop IVrlmn, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, Riddle,Thomas
Ritehev, Rowe, Salnn, Shannon, Frederick P. Stanton,
Jtwhaid I-l.Stanton, Hector L. Stevens David Stuart, John
J. Ta\ lur, Nathaniel G. Tavlor, Thurston, Tracy, Uphani,
Vail, Viinsaut. Wal-h, ami Wells—63.
So the main question was oidered to be put,
being upon adopting the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. DISNEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
* the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.* Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
David J. Bailey, Barkfdale, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bhas,
Bret kniruisie, Budges, Brooks Carpenter,Cat uther;-,Cham-
berlain, Chandler, <Jha>iam,CI)rwnan, Church well, Chng-
man, Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Co*, Ciaige, Ciocker. Cul-
lom, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Win, Dick, Dow-
deK, Edmands, Edmund-on, Thomas D. Khnt, Elh-on,
English, Ewimj, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Frank-
lin, Gamble, Greenwood, Aaton Harlan, Sampson W. Har-
ris?, Harii-on, Hayings, Haven, HicMer, Hill, Houston,
Howe, Johnson, Daniel T\ Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kid-
vvt:ll, Kittredae, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Letcher,
LiHv, McCulloch, Maiteson, May, Middleswarth, John G.
Miiler, Motgaii, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr? Packer, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Preston, Prmgle, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
David Ruchie, ilobhuis, Ruffin, Russell, Saye, Sapp, Rew-
ard, Shaw, Gerrit Smith. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William It Smith, Alexander H. Stephens, John J. Tavloi,
John L Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, 'Prom. Wade, Wal-
ley, Walsh,' Elhhu l' . Wusbbmne. Israel Washbuin, John
Wentvortb Yates, and Zolhcotfi r—114.
NAYS—-Me^rs Ashe, Bank-, Belcher, Campbell, Cac-
kle, Clai k, Colih, John G. Davis, lii-wy, Eastman, Eddv,
Everlmrt, Florence, Fullei, Good'', Green, .Grow, Hen-
drick*, Henri, Hiliver, Hiubes, iriger.-oll, Geoige W.Jones,
Roland Jones, Lmdslev, MeMullin, Mace. Maev, Maxwell,
Mayall, Small Miller, Milhon, Noble, Parker, Peckham,
Bishop Perkins, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, Riddle,Thomas
Rue hey, Rowe, Sabin, Shannon, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richaid II. Stanton, lleslor L. Stevens, David Stuart,
Thuiston, Tiacy, Upinim, Vail, Yansant, ant) Wells—o4.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the vote by which the repoit was
adopted be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider he upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE IJN' THE HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HENN. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Revolted, That when this House adjourns on Monday
next, it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock, a. m., on Wed-
nesday . the 5th instant, and thai theicattei the regular hour
hn meeting each day ^hali be eleven o'clock, a. in., until
otherwise ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to make an appeal to
the House, i am aware that it is hot weather,
and that it is Saturday afternoon. But 1 wish,
nevertheless, to ask the Hftuse to gdinto the Com-
mittee of the Wholeon the state of the Union, and
take up the civil and diplomatic bill. If membeis
will agree to do it, we can finish that bill to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope that the House will
do no such thing.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
I House on the Private Calendar. I will tell the
| House, that, having fixed the day for the final
- adjournment, we shall be told, day after day, by
I the members of the Committee of Ways and
! Means, that the whole time of the House must be
1 appropriated to the consideration of the business
! of that committee. The appropriation bills aie
, to have our whole time and attention, to the neg-
j lect of the geneial busine&s of the country.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in oraer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 think we had better take
the question at once. If tins discussion proceeds,
the v/hole day may be occupied by it.
The question was taken; and Mr. McMullin's
motion was agreed to; there being, on a division—
ayes 79, noes 51.
The House accordingly resolved itself into -
Committee of the Whole House on the Prmv
Calendar, (Mr. Wallly m the chair.)
, RICHARD W. MEADE, DECEASED
j The CHAIRMAN. The question under con- •
, sideration when the committee rose was the bill i
■ for the relief of the heirs and legal representatives
' of Richard W. Meade, deceased, on which, by
order of the House, general debate has been
1 closed. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
| Chandler] having reported the bill, is, under
' the rule, entitled to address the committee an hour.
| Mr CHANDLER. The history of the claim of
! Richard W. Meade is the argument m its favor.
When I presented the case to the committee,
some time since, 1 took occasion to state how the
claim originated, and how it came to be, in my
opinion, and the opinion of the Committee on
! Foreign Affairs, a claim on the Treasury of the
United States. I shall disturb nobody if 1 partly
' repeat that statement by declaring that the Gov-
ernments of Spain and the United States nego-
tiated a treaty, of February 2:2,1810, m which the
Government of the United States agreed to settle
and pay nil claims which our citizens should have
at that time against Spain, provided that these
claims had been filed in the Department ot State.
That treaty included the claim of Richaid W.
; Meade.
! Another article of the treaty was, that if both
1 Governments did not ratify that treaty, it should,
at the termination of six months, cease to be
binding upon either party. On the 22d August,
Spain, owing to the convulsions of tnatGovern-
[ ment, had failed to comply with that last men-
tioned article of the treaty, and it fell. Richard
W. Meade then renewed his negotiation with the
Spanish Government, asking for a liquidation of
1 this claim. A portion of this claim was allowed,
and an order given him upon the treasury of the
, King for the payment of it. After that negotiation,
, alter* the settlement of that claim, and after its
liquidation, and the HJitri.ng of an uider upon the
: treasury, the two Governments entered anew into
1 a negotiation for a treaty; and that treaty war
: brought before the Cortes of Spain in October,
1820; andwhentheCortesweieconsideringit,Mr.
Meade himself was an applicant to that body for
the payment of his debt. Very wisely a member
of that Cortes asked whether the new treaty also
included the claim of Mr. Meade ? Because it was a
large ciaim, and because it was necessary to settle
all matters, a committee was appointed to wait
upon the American Minister to ask him whether
theclaim of Mr. Meade was included in this treaty,
as it was in the last treaty—this one being the
same except in one of its provisions, which i shall
notice afterwards. The answer^ that committee
brought back to the Cortes was, that the claim of
Mr. Meade was included in this treaty, and that
the Government of the United States by that
pledge relieved Spain from the payment of the
debt. On these grounds the Cortes of Spain rec-
ommended to the King the ratification of the
treaty, and on these grounds the King of Spain
did ratify it.
I hold in my hands the letter of one of the
members of that Cortes, alluding to the matter. Mr.
Guerra, who had been a member of the Cortes, and
a special agent to whom the treaty had been re-
ferred, in a deposition taken at Philadelphia before
Francis Hopkinson, deposes and says:
" The said Joseph Moreno Guerra, on his solemn oath,
doth depose and say : That he is a native of the town o(
Runibla, province of Coidova, Andalusia, in Spain, and is
ased about forty-six years and upwards; that he was duly
elected, from his native province, a deputy to the National
Cortes ol Spam, in the year 1«203 for that and the follow-
mu vear, 1831 ; and that the *>nid Cortes assembled at
Madrid on the 7th day ot July, 1820 ; thai on or about the
beginning ol Octobci, in the same > ear, the Cortex discussed
the question relating to the treaty signed during the year
beiote, at the city of Washington, between Spam and the
United States ol America, involving a cession of the two
Flondas. At the same time a special committee, to whom
the busmen ol that treaty had been referied, made a report
on a memoiial pieviously presented by the agent o( Richard
W. Meade, of Philadelphia, in the United States, claiming
an appiopriahon (or the pajment of a sum acknowledged
to be due him bv his maje> y the King of Spam.
"Tins committee, in their report, informed the Cortes
that, in ordei to decide definitively upon the claim of the
memorialist, it was necessary to ascertain whether the
amount of money due to Richard W. Meade, and to those
who were represented by him, had been included among
tln^e claims which the Government of the United States
undertook fo pay, and from which it wa  wholly to exon-
erate Spain; (or, if this should not prove to have been
done, the debt owing to Richard W. Meade, in particular,
oii'iht immediately to bu paid, as it was considered a na-
tional debt, anting either directly out ot contracts, or from
the consequences of contracts, made by him in aid of the
hWrtv and independence ofSpain at the most critical peri-
ods of the Revolution; that at theponodso! those contracts,
and m the full confidence that they would be fulhiled, Uie
services of Meade had been ot the most important kind j
and that th^ sum for which payment was-required had been
| liquidated and fixed by a >pecial commission of councillors
j appointed lor that pmpose by his Majesty, the Km?, who
! had subsequently sanctioned and approved ihe settlement.
; In consequence of tins report of the committee, it was
' proposed in the Cortes to address an official letter to the See-
j leiaiy ol State, to ascertain whether oi not the sum then
j claimed in the memoual above-mentioned had been m-
i eluded among those which the United Slates- undertook to
I discharge. Such letter was accordingly written by the
; Seeietary of lhe Cones, in the usual manner, and a reply
1 from the Secretary of Slate was received, stating distinctly
' that the debt due to Richaid W. Meade was expressly m-
. eluded m the treaty; that the n.iiure and amount of said
J d'-l>t were well known to the Government of the United
' States, as the same had been officially communicated to the
! Ameuean Minister residing at Madrid; but that the same
: Governmeni of tin: United States required the ] n e ees-
«ioii->of lands made to the Duke of Alagon, Count Punon
; Ror-no, and Mr. Var ;as, to be cancelled, considering the
• entire Flondass appropriated to the pajment of the claims
I of ii> citizens upon the Spanish Government. In order to
1 avoid any possible misunderstanding or mistake upon this
I subject, it was proposed in the Cortes that a committee ot
two of its members should be appointed to wait on the Min-
: Mer of the United States Mr. For-yth; and aecoidiiigly
^ tills deponent, with Mr. Thomas Istuuo, membei ot the
, citv Cadiz, weie appointed did wait on Mr. Fotsylh, and
, obianu d lrom that gentleman the clear and distinct assnr-
, j nnee that the debt due to Richaid VV\ Meade would cer-
!i tai I> be paid to him by the United States, if the tieaty
!; were ratitkd by the Spanish Government, and the cessions
II above-mentioned totally annulled.
' >-\nd this deponent solemnly declares that these assur-
■' ance«, thus convtyed to the Cortes, and these assurances
11 oiil\, induced that bodv to annul the giants of land in the
!l Florida* two of which had been acknowledged valid in the
■' treaty itself; that had not the Cortex been perfectly satis-
' fn-d bv these solemn assurances ih.it the national d<-bt (as it
!; was ie ardcd) due to Richard W. Meade, would bo fully
,! paid by the United States, it would not have consented to
i. vacate*those grants ot laud, as far as respected the United
i ■ States, but would have vacated them as i expects individuals
; to whom tin-} had been made, le&ervnig them to the Span-
|j i.-h nation b) the law ol rever-mn, fot the express purpose
o! laving;, by them, the dfbt due to Hie said Richard W .
MeW", either bv thoir transfer to said Meade, or bv ^alc,
11 and with the pioduci theruol would have paid the debt and
ii infert'si.
; "In this debt to the said Meade, the deponent says that
| the Coiti-s took a partieulai interest, a^ it arose from con-
I tract*, the moat of which had been sanctioned by the -
