28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims; and
that the papers in the case of the representatives ot Na-
thaniel Pryor, deceased, be withdrawn from the nles ot
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Daniel Wins-
low be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Orde re,l, That the petition of the heirs of Gerard Wood
be withdrawn from the flies of the Senate, and reierred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, several
memorials of the Legislature of the State of Iowa,
were presented at the last session of Congress. ' I
ask that, they may now be taken from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the same committees, to
which they were referred at the last session, and
that they be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.'
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to aid the State of
New York in thg-construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill to bring into
macket the lands heretofore reserved from sale in
Iowa, near Forts Crawford and Atkinson; and
also the lands reserved for Indian farms near Fort
Atkinson, in Iowa.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to intro-
duce a bill to reimburse the Common Council of
the city of New York, for expendituies made for
the first regiment of New York volunteers.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill to authorize the State of Illinois to
select the residue of the lands to which she is
entitled, under the act of March 2, 1827.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave td introduce a bill authorizing the Post
master General to contract for the transportation
of the United States mail from San Francisco, in
California, to Shanghai, in China.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, gave notice
of-his intention to aslc leave to introduce bills of
the following titles:
A bill to provide for the unpaid claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and
Continental lines of the revolutionary army;
\J A bill to provide for the payment of such credi-
tors of the late Republic of Texas, as are compre-
hended in the act of September 9, 1850.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant to the State of Ohio, the unsold and unap-
propriated public lands remaining in that State;
which was read^ twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL, in accordance with previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bills; which were read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands:
A bill granting to the State of Louisiana the
right of way, and a donation of public lands, for
the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from Shreveport to the Mississippi river, in
said State.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Louisiana
the right of way, and a donation of public lands,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a
railroad from Algiers, on the Mississippi river,
to the Sabine river in said Slate.
Mr. BENJAMIN, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing to the State of Louisiana the rightof way, and
a donation of public land for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad from New Orleans to the
State line of Mississippi, in the direction of the
town of Jackson; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
provide for the surrender of certain bonds of the
State of Indiana held by the United States; which
was read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee on Finance
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked and obtained
unanimous consent to introduce a bill making a
grant of land to the State of Iowa to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public-.Lands.
Also, a joint resolution for the relief of George
R. C. Floyd, late Secretary of Wisconsin Ter-
ritory, and sureties; which was read a first and
second time, and referred*to the Committee on
Finance.
REMOVAL OF GREENE C. T3RONSON.
The PRESIDENT. I have received a com-
munication transmitting certain resolutions adopt-
ed at a meeting of merchants, of the city of New
York, held at the Merchants' Exchange, on the
30th of October last. I have examined the pro-
ceedings, and they seem to be in the nature of a
remonstrance against the removal of Greene C.
Sronson from the office of Collector of the Port
of New York. What disposition will the Senate
make of them?
Mr. SEWARD. I move that they lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CASS. I desire to offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether any communication has been received from
the Butish Government, or any correspondence taken place
Willi it. on any subject growing out of the treaty of Wash-
ington, of July 4, 1850, <-ince the message of the Piesident
of January 4, 1853, made in answer to a call of the Senate
of December 3D, 1852; and if there has been any such com-
munication or correspondence,he is requested, it compatible
with the public interest, to transmit copies of the same to
the Senate.
As this is a mere resolution of inquiry, I sup-
pose there will be no objection to its consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON offered the following amend-
ment:
And also copies of all instructions to our Ministers m
England, and of all correspondence in relation thereto.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
ELECTION OF PRINTER TO THE SENATE.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, the
Senate proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by him on the 7th instant:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on , proceed to the
election ol a public printer, to do the public printing lor the
Thirty-Third Congress, in accordance with the eighth sec-
tion of the act" to provide for executing the public printing,
and establishing the prices thereof, and for other purposes,"
approved August 26th, 1852.
At the suggestion of Mr. BRIGHT, the reso-
lution was amended by striking out the word
"on" and the blank, and inserting the word
" forthwith."
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to ballot for
public pi inter, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast 44; necessary to
a choice 23; of which
Beverly Tucker received 26
Robert Armstrong 17
Gales &. Seaton    I
Beverly Tucker having received a majority of
the votes cast, was declared duly elected.
ADDRESSES ON THE DEATH OP THE VICE
PRESIDENT.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Piinting cause to be
published and bound in pamphlet form, m such manner as
may seem lo them appropiiate, for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand copies ol the addresses made by the members
of the Senate and members of the House of Representa-
tives, together with so much of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, as relates to the deatll of tile
Hon William R. King, late Vice President of the Unued
States.
COMMITTEE ON REVENUE FRAUDS.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolutions
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That, the Select Committee appointed by the
Senate, at the first session of the Thirty Second Congress, to
investigate the mode and manner or theimportation of mer-
chandise into the United States, with the view of ascer-
taining whether any and what frauds have been commuted
against the revenue laws, be permitted to make their report
at the present session of Congies .
PORT OF ENTRY IN MICHIGAN CITY.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
and
Pettit on the 6th instant, was considered,
agreed to:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
port of entry at Michigan City, in the State of Indiana ; and
Sdso of making an appropriation to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor at that place."
REPORT ON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordeted, That fifteen lmndred extra copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be punted tor the
use of the Senate.
REVISION OF REVENUE LAAVS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, to pay
the expenses of codifying and revising the revenue
laws, of the introduction of which I have not
given previous notice. _ a
No objection was made, and the joint resolution
was read a first time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask for the second reading
and consideration of the resolution at this time,
for 'the following reason :
On the 23d day of February last, I think, a
resolution was reported from the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate, directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to codify the revenue laws—the
rules and regulations for collecting the revenue—
which was adopted by the Senate. An amend-
ment was made by the Senate to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, making an appro-
priation of $10,000 for the purpose of defraying
the expense of that codification. It went to the
House of Representatives, and, I believe, was
rejected by the House. On the recommendation
of the Committee of Conference, however, it was
adopted, and should have becomea law; but owing
to the confusion and haste incident to the closing
of the session, it failed to be enrolled. There was,
therefore, a positive resolution of the Senate, di-
recting the Secretary of the Treasury to codify
the revenue laws; and an appropriation had been
passed by both branches of Congress under that
resolution, directing the Secretary to appoint a
commission. The commission has been at work
for the last three or four months, and the Secre-
tary is now without the means of paying the
expenses; I therefore ask that the resolution may
be passed at this time.
The resolution was read a second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay out of the Treasury, for defraying
the expense of revising and codifying the revenue
laws, ten thousand dollars.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed
SENATE ELECTIONS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to give notice
that I shall to-morrow, or on some early day,
j introduce a resolution providing that all elections
by the Senate shall be vivavoce, instead of by ballot.
When I vote on the question of the election of pub-
lic printer, or any other matter, I want my constit-
uents to know how I am voting. An election
has been made here to-day which 1 think is any-
thing but complimentary to the "Democratic or-
ganization. I make no reflection upon those who
have voted as they saw fit; but when I vote, I
want my constituents fin Iowa to know how I
vote. I want it to gqf abroad and be know that
to-day I voted for E/bert Armstrong for public
printer.
RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I move that the
Senate take up, with the view to its reference to
the Committee on the Public Lands, the following
bill introduced by me on the second day of this
session:
A BILL to make a donation of the public lands to the
State of California for the purpose of constructing a rail-
road and telegraphic line from the city of San Francisco
to the Colorado river, or southeastern boundary of said
State, with a branch passing through the valley of the
Sacramento river to the boundary line between said
State and the Territory of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stales of Jimerita ih Congress assem-
bled, That, for the purpose of constructing a railroad and
telegiapluc line ftom the city of San Francisco to the south-
eastern boundary ol the State of California, with a branch
