1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
of said railroad unci telegraphic line passing through the
valley of the Sacramento river to the Oregon Territory, or
the northeastern boundary of California, at &uch point of
termination as may be designated by the Legislature of said
State, u quantity of land equal to the alternate sections for
the width of tony nules on eacli side of said railroad and
branch, to be selected from the sections which shall be des-
ignated on the public surveys of said lands by odd numbers,
i& hereby set apart, appropriated, and granted to the State
of California, to aid in the construction of said railroad and
branch thereof, and telegraphic lines, in the manner, and
subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions hereinaf-
ter mentioned • Provided, That the teiniinus of said rail-
road and telegraphic line on the southeastern boundary of
California shall he on the line of direction of the route of
any raihoad that may be located to connect the Mississippi
river with the Pacific ocean; and that no more or greater
distance of the railroad herein provided for shall be located
than may be constructed in a line which, from necessity,
would be common or unavoidable to any railroad that might
be constructed from the middle or southern portion of the
Mi«<^sippi valley, until the location ot such railroad be de-
termined upon and will inteiscct the eastern or southea<-
e n boundary of California, when the location of said rail-
road fiom San Francisco in that direction shall be completed
to the said point of intersection.
&bc. U. idnd he it further enacted, That in all cases
where the United States may have disposed of any
lands herein designated for selection by said State,
or where, from any cause, the United States shall be
unable to convey a title to the same, the, deficien-
cy may be made up by selections to be made, under
the authority of the Legislature of the State of California,
fiom any unoccupied and unappropriated lands belong-
ing to the United States within that State, or from any
such land as may have been occupied, with the consent of
the occupant, and designated on the plats of public surveys
by odd numbers, and which shall he nearest to sard rail-
roads and telegraphic lines, respectively, within said State;
and that lor the pmpose of facilitating the said selections,
an<2 the consfucuou of the said works, the President of
the United States -shall cause the public lands, for the width
on each side of said railroads and telegraphic lines as suited
in tile first section of this act, to be surveyed and marked
in advance of the same as the work progresses.
Src. 3 Jh-ul be it furthei enacted, That the grant of land
made by this act shall be on the condition that the State of
California commence the said railroads and telegraphic lines
within one year succeeding the first session of the Legisla-
ture thereof after the date of this act, and complete the
same within ten years thereafter; and that, when com-
pleted, all troops, seamen, arms, munitions ot war, mili-
tary and naval stores, and funds, and other property what-
soever belonging to the United Slates, and all persons
in the employment of the United States, bemg on official
business, shall at all times be conveyed and transported,
with their baggage, on and over said railroads free of any
chaige or expense to them or to the Government; and, also,
all telegraphic dispatches within that State on Government
business; but, should eases of emergency aiisein the public
service, requiring an extraordinary quantity or amount of
transportation, so as to atfect the interest, income, or profits
of said railroads, to such adegreeas toopeiateoppres<uvely,
or to prevent the reception ot' fair and reasonable dividends
or interest upon the amount of the costs and expenses of
the said vailioads, to be judged of by the I'ic&ideiit of the
United States, he shall determine the amount of compen-
sation which shall be just and reasonable for such extra-
ordinary service ; and should the same be deemed inade-
quate by the State of California, or tho«e acting under its
authority, the matter shall be submitted to Congiessfor a
final deteimitiation. And the United States mail rdiall at
all tunes be transposed on said railroads', undi*r the dnec
lion of the Po-n Office Department, at such rate of com-
pensation as Congress mav by law provide.
Sec. 4. And be it jmthcr enacted, That the rates of
charge for the conveyance «f passengers and transportation
of goods, wares, and merchandise, and all kinds of freight,
on the said railroads, shall be such that, with a caieful and
economical management ot the same, the net income or
piofit1* thereon may not be reduced below the iate ot eight
per cent, per annum upon the amount of the co ts and ex-
penses ot the said railroads; and that Congress may by
law, at any time heieafter, fix, alter, and regulate the afore-
said rate* of charge, so as to limit or restrict the same to
any rare above that specified in this section that may be
deemed proper.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted-. That the said road
shall be constructed throughout in a thorough, substantial,
workmanlike manner, with all necessaiy drains, culveits,
bridges, viaducts, closings, turnouts, hidings, stations, wa
tering places, and all other appurtenants, including the com-
plete equipment oflocomouves, ofsuffieient speed and capa-
citv, commodious and comfortable passenger cars, and
fieight cars, adapted to the business to be done; and the obli-
gation hereby imposed upon the State of Cal^ornia shall so
cover, m detail, all oi the<e provisions, as to secure the con-
struction, maintenance, and equipment of roads at all times
equal, in both respect, to a toad of th^ first class, when
thoroughly orjrim^d fot business; and shall also provide
for the constant supervision of a sufficient number or com-
petent, skillful engineers; the gauge of said roads to he urn-
toim throughout, and the rails of the best quality, weighing
not le.-s than si.\ty-four pounds to the yard.
Sec. 6. Aid beit fiather enactcd, That the lands heieby !
granted to said State of California shall be subject to the |
disposal of the Legislature thereof foi the purposes -pecuied '
in this act; and should the afoiesaid lailroad*, or branch, i
not be completed wiihm the ten years, as limited in this !
act, the said State shall be bound to pay to the United ;
States the net amount which mav have been received fiom |
the sales of any part of said lands by the said State, the j
title to remain valid m the purchasers under said sab**, and j
the title to the residue of <uoh land remaining unsold shall !
reinve=r in or revert to the United States, and be held as ,
other public land, in the same manner as if this act had
never passed.
The provisions of the bill are familiar to the
members of this body- who served in the last
Congress. It differs in some respects from the
form of the biifs granting donations from the pub-
lic lands for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of railroads in the several States, which,
after elaborate discussion, passed the Senate by a
large majority. It differs in the quantity of land
asked for, which I will be able, I hope, to satisfy
the Senate and country is not exorbitant. It also
differs in not raising the price of the alternate sec-
tions reserved to the Government to two dollars
and fifty cents per acre. My object in leaving"
out this feature of bills that have met with the
approval of the Senate, will be explained by
reference to the homestead bill introduced by me,
and which, before I take my seat, I shall ask to be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The
policy I intend to advocate on this floor is to
grant alternate sections of the public lands to
the States In which they lie, to aid such roads
as, with proper restrictions, they may charter, and
open the whole of the residue of the public do-
main to actual settlers, citizens of the United
States, or having signified their intention to be-
come such; who, after three years'occupation, shall
have a fee-simple title to a quarter section for each
settler, being the head of a family. My reasons
for favoring the policy of thus disposing of the
public domain I will explain more at large when
these measures are acted on by the Committee on
Public Lands and reported back to the Senate.
This bill, Mr. President, is intended to be the
basis of the great railroad from the Pacific to the
Mississippi. The point of commencement is San
Francisco, the great center of commerce, wealth,
and population on our Pacific coast, running
thence to the southeastern boundary of the State,
there to meet such route as may be determined
upon by Congress, passing through the territories
of the United States to the States on the Missis-
sippi,. river. From this main track the bill pro-
vides for a branch, running north to the Oregon
line, or to the northeastern boundary of the State.
The object of establishing this branch is to con-
nect with the route, if one should be discovered
practicable, passing the Sierra Nevada at Noble's
pass, and running east through the South pass to
the waters of the Missouri river, or to connect at
the Oregon line with the route surveyed by
Governor Stevens, if it should be discovered prac-
ticable. My object in framing- this bill, Mr.
President, is to alford a connection with any
route that may cross the continent to the Pacific
ocean.
The quantity of land asked for is large, but.
the proposition is not new to the Senate. The
distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
reported, from the Committee on the Territories,
during the last Congress, a bill granting the same
amount of land to California, to enable that
State to construct the portion of the great national
railroad located within its borders. That bill was
matured in the Committee on the Territories, of
which J was at the time a member, after the most
elaborate examination of the subject, and the
committee were unanimously of opinion that the
quantity of land asked for in this bill should be
granted to California to enable that State to com-
plete its portion of this great work.
During the list Congress I introduced a bill em-
bodying, as this does, the mam features of the
one I have referred to as emanating from the
Committee on Territories. It was elaborately
dtscussed during that session, but not finally acted
upon. I bring the measure forward at the com-
mencement of the session, with an earnest hope
that it will be acted upon at an early day.
I confine my efforts, Mr. President, in favor of
this measure, to the boundaries of my own State.
The bill avoids all constitutional difficulties in
the construction of this great national highway.
It asks for a grant of the public domain to the
State to aid in its construction. The President,
in his annual message, favors this policy. Con-
gress has heretofore adopted it in several of the
States, to wit: Illinois, Mississippi, Alabama,
Missouri, and Arkansas. The policy of thus dis-
posing of a portion of the public domain in these
States, has been eminently successful, and it will
prove to be so in all the States and Territories, if
a wise precaution governs our legislation, making
the grant to such works as will undoubtedly de-
velop the resources of the country. I know this
bill will meet with opposition, from the quantity
of land that it proposes to donate to the St/£e of
California.
I anticipated this difficulty, and am prepared to
meet it. 1 have documents before me which I
will read to the Senate, in order that they may
thus reach the Committee on Public Lands, to aid
them in their deliberations on this bill, which
show the vast difficulties that must be overcome
in California in the construction of this great
national highway. I have, during the past
summer, traveled over a great portion of the route
in California, and can corroborate the statements
I will now read to the Senate:
Depot CAMP, POSE CIU, 30,1853.
"Dear Sir: During our short interview on the Dry
Creek*, (where, unfortunately, I was too unwell to talk to
you as much as I wished.) you requested me to write to you
before you left for Washington, to give you such informa-
tion as f could concerning our railroad. As I have an op-
portunity of sending to Fort Miller to-morrow, and may not
have another, I write now, earlier than J intended.
After we left you we came direct to this creek, where
we made our depot camp, (there being no gnus on Kern
river,) arid after lemqimtig two fir three days for astronomi-
cal observations, I left with a small surveying party for
Walker's Pa«s,a d thence followed along the backbone of
the Sierra Nevada to the southward, examining every de-
pression on the ridge till I came to the Tejon. I then went
through the Canada de los Uras, entered the bastn to the
northeast ofthe Sierra, crossed the plains to the eastern end
of the Tejon pass, (wagon io d,> and went through this
pa*s, thus again getting into the Tejon, by winch I mean tiie
portion of the valley nearly inclosed by the hi)K After-
ward* I went some tiventy-five miles to the westward,
examined the Cafiadade Snn Armimo, and finally reached
here last night* having been absent twenty days.
I have had a very satsifactory trip, as I have obtained a
thorough knowledge of the mountains from Walker's Pass
on the north to the coast range. I am satisfied that
there is no pass or depression on the mountains that has not
been exaynined, and now X am prepared to go to work, un-
dersUndingly, surveying. I am, however, much disap-
pointed in the mountains themselves, as they are much
higher and steeper than I expected to find them. It is
difficult, in merely riding over a mountain, to judge cor-
rectly of the altitude gained, and the slope : and what ap-
pears a fine gently ascending valley, may, upon calculation,
prove to be an ascent of three hundred or four hundred feet
to the mile. The Tejon Pass, for instance, which you as-
cendpd, has its summit about four thousand five hundred
feet above Kern Lake, and nearly all this ascent is to be
gained!# ten miles, or must be reduced by tunneling. The
Canada dclosUras is the lowest point of the sierra, and is
three thousand one hundred feet above this place. These
numbers are approximations from rough calculations.
We shall move camp at oncc from here to the Tejon, and
I shall then commence surveying with a level,compass, and
chain, through the Tejon Pass, the Canada, &e., and you
may ret assured that I shall not leave these mountains ull
I have data from which to make areport, based upon num-
bers and calculations which no one can dispute.
From what I have said, you will see that the difficulty of
ciossing the mountains is greater than we supposed. The
extent of the difficulty, I am not, at present, able to state;
and will not be till I have made a survey. As to the prac-
ticability of crossing, L have no doubt, and am inclined to
think, the best point will be one of the passes leading into
the Tejon. I conceive Walker's Pass to be almost out of
the question; and if it were as good as the others, to be
badly situated.
■* *******
Truly and respectfully yours,
R. S. WILLIAMSON,
Lieut. U. S. Topographical Engineers,
Hon. Wm. M. Gwin,
San Francisco, California.
DepOt Camp, California, (on Pose Creek,) )
August 23, H553. $
Major: Since our arrival, and on thewayheie, 1 have
had something of an opportunity of obtaining considerable
information which is both new and interesting to me ; and
hoping it may be so to otheis, I will give it for what it is
worth. I rind that the character of the greatTulare Valley
is very different from what most people have generally sup-
posed. Although I had seen both ends of it several years
ago, I had formed a wrong opinion of its value and ad-
vantages. At the southern extremity, I saw a very pretty,
arable spot, and had formed the idea that it was much
larger in extent than is really the case, and that there were
other and similar locations. But to be more particular, I
will begin at the northern extremity and come south, de-
scribing it a? I go.
On the eastern Fide.—The valley, by the way of the
wagon road, from the San Joaquin river to the Tejon pass,
is about one hundred and ninety seven miles in length, say
in a strait line one hundred and fifty miles, and on an aver-
age, about fifty miles in width, or maiea seven thousand
five hundred square miles. From the San Joaquin to King's
iiver.it  s a dry and arid plain. On King"** river theie is
narrow bottom, averagiogabout half a mile wide by twenty-
five ion"- twelve and one-third square miles. From King's
river to the first of Pour Creeks is a dry plain. Heie is one
of the most beautiful and fertile spots in California. In
extent it is about twenty-five miles by t<jn, and about one
half of it is at present susceptible of cultivation, the other
half will require a great expenditure of labor in draining to
make a pomon of it inhabitable—say two hundred square
miles in all. From the Four Creeks to Tula rivei i* a dry,
arid plain, iitfle or no at able land on it. Tula to Kern, a
ban en plain. On Kern river theie may possibly be twenty
square miles of inhabitable land. From Kein river to Tejon
pass, a sand plain. At this point theie may possibly be one
II hundred and fifty miles oftolerablv good land though insonie
