1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
Forsyth, and not as his Excellency the American
Minister.
Does not the fact that he said that Mr. Meade's
claim was included, show it was tarwamount to
gaylng, although I did say what they attribute to
me, yet it was only upon my horioi' aS a m4u,
and not upon my dignity as a Minister. He
says:
" If I ever had any conversation with those deputies on
the subject of the Florida treaty, 1 am entirely unconscious
that ihey spoke with me by the authority of that body, or
that any importance was attached to the opinion I might
express. It is proper to ?hat 1 should have
stated, on such application, that I believe mft.
Meade's claim was provided for in the treaty of
cession."
He says, though I do not remember that I had
any conversation with these gentlemen as mem-
bers of the Cortes, yet, talking to them as gentle-
men, 1 certainly should have told them that Mr.
Meade3* claim was included in the cession. He
stated this as a ftian occupying a prominent posi*
tion m Spain, not as Minister, but as a distin-
guished gentleman of the United States express-
ing his opinion. Does Mr. Forsyth mean that
he would assert that as a man which he would
contradict as an officer? Surely he would not.
Mr. EWING. Do I understand the gentleman
to say Mr. Forsyth stated that he made this dec-
laration r
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. I have another
note in the affidavit of Mr. Forsyth, which 1 will
read:
" I wish it to be clearly understood that I do not queg-
lion the accuracy of Joseph Moreno de Guerra's statement
further than relates to my conversing with linn and Mr.
Isturio as a committee from the Cortes. The Cortes may
have given (hem such a commission, and the conversation
may have been held in consequence thereof; if it was, I
have no recollection oTit, and do not know that they were
conversing \Vith ifte officially, and certainly did not say
more than that Mr. Meade's claim was included in the
treaty of 1819."
Mr. COX. My recollection of the matter
which gave rise to the inquiry of my colleague is:
Mr. Forsyth states that he recollects no conver-
sation whatever; and if he did have a conversa-
tion, that he used the language attributed to him
in a private capacity. That is my recollection;
and if I am at fault, I would like to have it cor-
rected.
Mr. CHANDLER. The opinion was freely
expressed that he believed Mr. Meade's claim
was approved.
Mr. COX. He does not say that he recollects
having any conversation with them at all, at any
time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the gentleman take
his own case. If we were talking about a ques-
tion which interests a hundred persons, the gen-
tleman does not talk with me alone, but he talks
with the ninety-nine other persons. I continue to
cite from his testimony:
"The only conversation ! distinctly recollect was held
with Martinez de la Rosa, also a deputy of the Cortex, and
of the commission to whom was referred the treaty 0f
1819. Having learned by accident that an attempt war:
about to he made to make a distinction favorable to Meade,
between his claim and the claims of other persons embraced
m the treaty, 1 expressed my conviction to Mr. de ia Rosa
that the claim was just, and was provided for by the treaty."
I expressed my opinion, he says, that the claim
of Richard Meade was just, and that it was pro-
vided for in the treaty ! Why ihen was it not
mentioned? Let us hear! " I expressed my con-
viction," he says, " that it was just, and was
provided for in the treaty, but that it ought to be
left to share the same fate, as to its payment, with
the equally just claims of other citizens of the
• United States." And thus he admits that Mr.
Meade'sclaim was included. But he was anxious,
as a public officer, not to make any official admis-
sion which should place Mr. Meade on a footing
superior to that of any other American claimant.
We only ask that he may be allowed to occupy
the level of all the claimants—of those whose
claims were admitted—and paid pro rata.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to ask my colleague a
question on that point. Is this opinion expressed
.by Mr. Forsyth before or subsequent to the liqui-
dation of the claim ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It was subsequent: it was
after the treaty. Let me say to the gentleman,
[Mr. Howe,] "that the liquidation of the claim was
previous to the second treaty,to that treaty which
is binding upon us.
Mr. HOWE. That is, it was previous to the
final ratification of the treaty by Spain 5
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; previous to that. It
was made in July, and that ratification took place
on the 20th of Octob4fc
Mr. HOWE. But what I want tfc know is,
I whether this expression of opinion on the part of
i our Minister) Mr. Forsyth, was before the liqui-
datio'h of thfe clai,tn ?
; Mr. CHANDLER. I misunderstood the ques-
j tion of the gentleman. It was not. Mh Forsyth
! expressed his opinion to these gentlemen who
came to him when they were getting ready toset-
I tie it, and it was the expression of that opinion
by Mr. Forsyth, viz: that Mr. Meade was in-
' eluded, that enabled the Cortes to recommend the
ratification of a treaty.
Mr. HOWE. The reason why 1 ask the ques-
tion is this: I understood the treaty to provide for
| unliquidated claims.
! Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It seems that Mr. Meade went
! to the Spanish authorities and procured a liquida-
tion of his claim, which was construed by the com-
missioners, as I understand it, as taking it with-
1 out the provisions of thfe treaty. That is the
reason why I asked the question.
I Mr. CHANDLER. The commissioners ad-
mitted the justice of this claim; the Minister ad-
mitted it. and admitted also its inclusion in the
new treaty, when hs states that he had no desire
to have this claim specially mentioned, because he
would not give him the right to take $890,000 in-
stead of taking that part to which he would be
entitled. He did not believe that $5,000,000 would
pay all the claims; and he had no idea—although
1 through him came that treaty—that he should get
' $390,000in full, while other merchants, claimants,
i might get but sixty, or eighty, orninety percent,
j of their claims, lhat is the secret of the matter.
' That is why he was held back. That is why his
I name was kept out of the treaty.
Here, then, the report states that Mr. Forsyth
j admits that, in a conversation with thesegentlemen,
he did say that that claim was included in the
treaty, and he states that if he did not say bo to
them, he did say so to others. ' ;
He admitted that it was a just claimj and was |j
included in the treaty. That appears to me to |j
be a pretty plain matter. I do not dwell upon j!
this. The whole report, pa:;e after page, is full jj
; of that kind of proof—the best kind of proof to a j;
well organized mind. The impression that existed |i
between the two parties is a better kind of proof j
than your assertions, "your affidavits," and your '
! declarations. To every honest and candid mind
! better evidence than so many affidavits and docu-
ments, setting forth the " whereas," and the
i " wherefore," and the " aforesaid," and so forth,
t is the clear and distinct understanding between
Mr. Forsyth, our Minister, and the committee of
the Cortes, who waited on him, that the claim of
Richard W. Meade was included in the treaty.
One little objection was' made by my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] a few months since, and it
was this: That a part of this claim of liquidation,
a portion of the sum, was for personal imprison-
ment. Mr. Meade was not a very good friend of
the Government. He was a republican; and the
Government was, with all its changes, only differ-
ent phases of tyranny. There was one claim of
a hundred thousand barrels of flour, at fifteen dol-
lars a barrel. I say they were not very friendly,
he expressing himself liberally, and refusing to
shell outanother one hundred thousand barrels, and
they put him in prison for two years. There are
merchants within the sound of my voice, and they
know that, besides the evils of durance, besides
the evils of a loathsome imprisonment 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) My
understanding is, that Mr. Meade was imprisoned
under a regular process of the court, for not pay-
ing over funds which came into his hands as com-
missioner.
Mr. CHANDLER. He was so, perhaps, but
the subject to which I allude is another matter en-
tirely.
1 was going on to say that the merchant knows
that, besides the mortification and evils of that
mode of dealing, he would be obstructed thereby
m the management of his commerce, his eye
would be withdrawn from it, and he would sus-
tain damage thereby. His ship was also detained,
and gentlemen looking carelessly at the matter
even, would see the result of it. The ship was
detained. What then? The cargo was not taken
indeed, away, but a merchant knows, and any
man knows, that the greatest damage which the.
ship-owner sustains is demurrage for the.non-fuf-
fillment of his voyage. When a ship with a
large cargo is detained, it is detained at an enor-
mous expense to the detainer. Let a man agree
with a merchant to supply a part of a cargo, and
delay it a few days, and he will see if the owner
does not come against him with a large claim for
damages. The law allows it, and the court will
award it.
But gentlemen say that this claim was not
wholly founded upon a transaction of dollars and
cents. The gentleman [Mr. Jones] did, 1 am
sure, the other day, rely upon the authority of
John Gl. Adams. In alluding to lhat very matter,
Mr. Adams gave a strong opinion, declaring that
to shut a man up in a stone house is quite as bad
as to take away his money.
Mr. Adams, in a letter to the commissioners,
says:
" Of the absolute obligation of this Government to inter-
pope in behalf of their fellow-citizens possessing socft
claims, and imploring the aid of their country to obtain sat-
isfaction for them, no very subtle or punctilious scrutiny
had been made. It was the need of the claimant, and nos
theleftfil elassiflcation of his claim, for whieh the^ssistance
of his Government has been solicited. The delay or denial
of justice, which it was deeirsbls to remedy, was the same,
whether ltwas for awrongcommitted or a contract broken.
The claimants have alike been promised that, at the nego-
tiation of the treaty, their claims would be considered, and
endeavors made to provide for them, in common wilh
others/'
Mr. Adams was a strong man, a very strong
man. He knew, as a statesman as well as a law-
yer, that a " tort " was as much a matter for set-
tlement as a robbery of his flour. He knew well
enough, as every man knows, that in making a
settlement of a matter of that kind, there is as
large a claim for false imprisonment as for prop-
erty taken.
One further remark. Some one said that the
claim arose, in part, out of a purchase of the State
debt LibramientoSj at a less price than the face.
Without troubling the House at length upon that
subject, I will simply say that there are probably
twenty persons within the sound of my voice who
own stock in the debt of the United States, which,
cost them from ninety-nine to one hundred and
four cents on the dollar; and yet if any of them
should go to the Treasury of the United States
on any day, they will receive one hundred &nd
twenty-two cents for it. Why, sir, if the Treas-
urer should say to him,but I cannot pay you this
whole amount; you did not pay it yourself, you
only paid ninety-nine, would the objection hold
good? No, sir. The whole amount must be paid
from the Treasury, no matter what the man who
presents it has paid. And the same point will
hold good in reference to this bill. >
But all these objections are useless. I ask the
Clerk to read the bill.
The bill was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the proper officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to settle the claim of the
legal representtves of Richard W. Meade, on their pro-
ducing the testimony required by the commission from Ihe
claimants, under the Florida treaty, which, in the opinion
of the said officers, shall be satisfactory as establishing said
claim, according to law and usage.
"Sec. 2. Jlnd he if, further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay the
: amount so found due, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That more shall not
' be paid than the said Meade would have received out of
the $5,000,000 appropriated to pay the claimants under the
Florida treaty, if his claim had been admitted by the com-
missioners.
Gentlemen will perceive that by the provisions
of this bill, in the first place, a commission must
be appointed by the Government—either consist-
ing of the efficers of the Government themselves or
of others appointed by those officers, which must
examine every claim presented by the heirs of Mr.
Meade. They must exercise the same scrutiny
and the same astuteness that the commission
which sat here to adjudicate upon these claims
would have done. That will be their duty; and
instead of allowing the whole sum which is set
forth in the claims, they may find it convenient—
for justice should be convenience, and I hope they
will always go together in this Government—I
say they may find it convenient to reduce the
amount claimed twenty-five or thirty per cent.,
because the claimants may fail to produce the
vouchers which are necessary to establish their
