1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
Mr. PARKER. This claim, as I understand it,
is not only a very large claim against the Govern-
ment, but it is one winch has become very stale.
Notwithstanding these things, however, if the
faces were clear that the Government ought to
pay it, however great it might be, I should, with-
out any hesitation, give my voice in its favor.
When the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ciiani)! er,] some weeks ago, presented his views
so ably to this House, I had my attention directed
to it, and I have examined with care and anxiety
all the documents I could get upon the subject,
and, as the result of that examination, i came to
the conclusion that this is not a claim which this
Government ought to pay.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman has not a right
to speak upon the same sideas the gentleman who
made the motion. I claim, as the gentleman is
not going*" on in order, to make a five minute
speech in opposition.
Mr. P\RK"ER. I shall oppose some things
saul by my friend who preceded me, and the gen-
tleman from Georgia will have an opportunity to
speak afterwards.
Mr. STEPHENS. I claim the right to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. PARKER.- I claim the same right.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman is in
favor of striking out the enacting clause, he is not
in order, if not, he is in order.
Mr. PARKER. I am not in favor of striking
out the enacting clause. I think the bill ought to
be amended. I think it is a very clear case that
this Government ought to take this case in hand,
but that it ought not to pay the claim out of its
own pocket. I look upon it as a clear and un-
questionable claim against Spain. Had she not
inteiposed between the making of the treaty, and
its ratification, we should have paid it. I think it
came originally within the purview of the treaty.
But between these periods she thought proper to
liquidate the claim, and after that, it did not come
within the provisions of the treaty.
I think that if Mr. "Meade was a citizen of the
United States—and it appears clear that he was—
it is one of those cases, especially in these times
when we are so punctilious m regard to the rights
and privileges of those whose citizenship is some-
what questionable, that we ought to take in hand.
1 have no doubt that there is merit in this ckum,
but if we pay it now, instead of paying $5,000,000
under the treaty with Spain, we will probably
have to pay $5,500,000. Whose fault is it that
the claim is not already paid? Not ours. The
commission called for the documents as they were
required to do under the treaty. Spain refused to
furnish them. She said to us: "We have exam-
ined this account, we have designated theamounts
that are due to Mr. Meade, and all you have to
do, is to take our awards and pay them.'' The
commission, however, could not look upon this
as a sufficient voucher, and refused to allow the
claim. And there the matter has tested until this
day.
Now, sir, I believe this Government should take
this matter in hand. If there is anything in the
Black Warrior transaction, if there is anything
in any of those other transactions of which com-
plaint has been made, that is wrong, this matter
is, in my judgment, tenfold more wrong.
Mr. CLiNGMAN here made a remark which
was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. PARKER. It would probably be as well
to settle it in that way as any other. We would
be justified in taking Cuba, or in taking whatever
else we could lay our hands upon,for the purpose
of indemnity for our citizens. When the treaty
was formed, $5,000,000 was set apart for a specific
purpose, which the Government of Spain pre-
vented us from accomplishing though we paid all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
the motion to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and supply its
place with the provision to pay $250,000, in full
satisfaction of the claim, and said that the speech
of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jokes] brought to his mind a passage of the
Bible: £< Re, that is first in his own cause, seem-
eth just; but his neighbor cometh and searcheth
him." Now, i* am the neighbor of this gentle-
man, [Mr. Jones and Mr. Smith sit near each
other,] and I have come to search him. [Laugh-
terj
The gentleman from Tennessee finds fault with
my speech on this subject, a couple of months
ago. I confess that I did say he had read from
one paper, when it turned out that he had read
from another. But my mistake was of no conse-
quence to theargument. Another of myfaults was,
that I did not read to the end of the paragraph,
of which I read a part. The closing lines of the
paragraph upset, as he holds, the interpretation
which 1 put upon the lines preceding them. Let
us look into this. In those preceding lines Mr.
Adams scouts the idea that the Meade debt is not
among the claims which our Government had as-
sumed and 41 agreed to compound:" and in these
immediately following and closing lines, he scouts
the idea that a certain " order" is a claim on our
Government.
And yet the gentleman from Tennessee regards
the debt and the order as identical, the one with
the other! and concludes that, although Mr.
Adams said, in one breath, that the debt is among
the claims against Government, he said in the
next that it is not' I offer a simple explanation
to the gentleman's mind. It is the same that I
offered before. There was an unliquidated claim
of Meade, and also a liquidated one. The foimer
I held was binding upon our Government. The
letter I admitted was not. This is the distinction
insisted on by Mr. Adams. We did not agree,
certainly not in the treaty of 1819, to pay whatever
sum Spam might admit she owed Meade, but the
sum (or a pro rata allowance thereon) which she
actually owed Meade.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gihdings] who
replied to my former speech on this subject, said,
that our Government was under no obligation to
help Meade get from the Spanish Government
the proofs of his claim. But what right had that
gen ti em an to say so, in the face of the tren ty obli-
gation of Spam to furnish the proofs? That ob-
ligation was as sacred as any other in the treaty,
and our Government was as much bound to en-
force it, as to enforce any other. What, if, in the
case of half of the claims, the vouchers and docu-
ments had been in the possession of the Spanish
Government, and their production had been re-
fused? Our Government would, surely, have
enforced the provision m question, and would
have done so, before paying any of the claims.
The true state of the case is this: Our Gov-
ernment absolutely released the Spanish Gov-
ernment from the Meade claim. It, simultane-
ously, bound the Spam«h Government to give up
the proofs of that claim. When called on to do
so, itief'used. And, now, our Government sits
still, and says, that Meade has lost his claim !
Monstrous injustice! And a deep shame to our
country is such injustice!
Mr. Forsyth has been referred to. He, like
Mr. Adams, believed with Judge White of the
Commission, that Meade had " a well-founded
claim.55
Not only was Meade entitled to a pro rata allow-
ance from the five millions on his claim, provided
he had been able to establish it, by means of the
bounden help of our Government; but a strong
argument can be made to show, that our Govern-
ment was bound to pay Meade the whole sum,
which the Spanish Government acknowledged to
be due him. There is not the least reason to be-
lieve, that the Cortes would have agreed to the
second treaty, which, in addition to what the first
treaty gave us, annulled three Spanish grants of'
land, had not that body supposed that our Gov- '
ernment would pay the Meade debt,as it had been
liquidated. The history of the transactions makes
this well nigh certain. '<
But, if there are any technicalities by which we [
may escape the payment of this claim, I pray that j
we may not avail ourselves of them. We aft j
admit that Spam owed a debt to Meade. I say j
not how much. We all admit that Spain believed i
that in the bargain she made with us, we assumed j
to*pay or ^pompound this claim. We all know i
that we made a good bargain out of Spain in get- !
ting Florida for five millions of dollars. Can we, |
in such circumstances, consent to turn over the j
Meade claim to Spain for payment51 Can we, in j
such circumstances, refuse to pay it ourselves? j.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend- j;
ment; and it was disagreed to. ||
Mr. EWjNG. I move a pro forma amend- |i
I ment, in order to submit a few words in reference
j to this claim.
1 Mr. Chairman, I believe that this claim is a
S just one, though I confess that I have not exam-
! med the question with very great assiduity- or
, care. It is one familiar to me, and about which
| I have conversed with Mr. Clay, and other per-
\ sons who had taken part in jits advocacy, and.
| who were earnestly in its favor; and I learn that
theie are but two or three prominent points in the
: case, laying aside technicalities, all attempts to
! get rid of the claim by technicalities, to which
j the gentleman from New York properly referred,
■ pleading the statute of limitations, and everything
I of that kind.
| I think that it is admitted on all hands that it
was and is a just claim against the Spanish Gov-
ernment. It is now a just claim against her, if
not paid by us. It is so m morality and propriety;
but that does not release us from the moral re-
sponsibility to pay it. To pay it is not only a
duty which fhe^Government owes to her citizens
in the protection of their rights, but she ought to
pay it from the fact of her having first given the
Spanish Government to understand that she did
assume its payment. Mr. Forsyth says distinctly
that he did say so. He has no doubt that he did
say so to these very men; and though at first he
says commission from the Cortes ever called
on him, he subsequently qualifies himself by say-
ing that perhaps the Cortes did appoint a com-
mission. Again, in the next place they assumed
the responsibility by their own neglect, as stated
in the report which the gentleman refers to as
being a report against the claim.
Mr. Forsyth, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to whom was referred this case, made a
report, from which I read the following-extract:
''The evidence laid before the committee ^hows that the
ooinmiSMoner* doomed the claim of Richard W, Meade
embraced by the treaty; that, sit his instance, <i demand
wa« made on Spain lor the evidences deeimd hythem
necps-saiy to a fair examination of it; thai this demand was
not made on ypam, owing to unforeseen occurrences, until
a shoit time previous to the termination of the commission,
although the application for thein by Meade had been made
fourteen month*, prior to that tune."
Mr. Meade appealed to this Government for
justice, and demanded the evidence upon which
his claim was founded. Owing to unforeseen
occurrences, the Government neglected to demand
this evidence. Is this Government now to seek
to release itself from its obligations by an appeal
to technicalities, and by pleading the statute of
limitation ?
I have understood, I will say in reply to the
interrogatory that has been made, that some
twenty different reports have been made in favor
of this claim from time to time, showing that it is
owingtono laches that thtsclaimantlost his rights.
Only one reporthas been made, I believe, againstit.
Again and again has the claimant appealed to Con-
gress for justice, but not through claim agents- I
understand that no claim agent has applied in bis
i behalf. Perhaps that is one reason of the failuie.
I think that from the general- obligation resting
upon us for the protection of our citizens m their
rights of property against all losses and wrongs on
the part of foreign Governments, this Govern-
ment has become morally bound to pay the claim.
The question was then taken upon Mr Ewing's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not'pass; and
upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ewing and
Hexdricks were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 49.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose;and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported, that a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar had had
under consideration bill of the House No. 58, en-
titled An act for settling the claims of the legal
representatives of Richard W. Meade,deceased,"
and had instructed him to report it back to the
House with a recommendation that it do «ot pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole.
