1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5.
Mr, CLINGMAN. Yes, let us go back into
committee, and dispose of some more private bills.
Mr. JONES. No; let us have this bill killed
first.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on my motion.
Mr. JONES. I object to going into committee
again to-day. We are not going to transact any-
more business thi§ evening. That is certain.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT TO "WEDNESDAY.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad
that the gentleman from North Carolina would
withdraw that motion, with a view to enable me
to submit a motion to adiourn over till Wednes-
day.
[Cries of " Oh no; let us come here on Mon-
day."]
The SPEAKER. The motion indicated by the
gentleman from Virginia is in order now.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; 1 believe that I have
a right to submit the motion to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The House has a right to
fix the day to which it will adjourn before it votes
on the question of adjournment.
Mr. SMITH. Then I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH. There is surely no use in our
coming here on Monday, as we shall not have a
quorum.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that when the
House adjourns on Monday next, it adjourn to
meet on Wednesday next.
r Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose that motion is
not in order now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
such an amendment to the proposition is in order
or not. The rules recognise no motion, except
to fix the hour or day to which the House will
adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. By unammou s consent
my motion can be entertained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object. I mil in fkvor
of the other proposition.
Mr. OLDS demanded tellers on the yean and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered. j
The yeas and nays were refused. i
Mr. ORR called for tellers on the motion
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker, and
Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 48.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 desire to ask the Chair
whether the motion which has just been adopted
is one that can be reconsidered!
TheSPEAKER. Amotion to reconsider would
be in order in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. BOCOCK. i make the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if he voted with the majority :
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not,, but the vote was not
taken by yeas and nays, and, therefore, I suppose
I have the right to make the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman acknowledging that be
voted in the minority, has not, I contend, any
right under the rules to move a reconsideration.
The SPJ3AKER. The Chair decides that on a
vote by yeas and nays, those voting with the ma-
jority have alone the right to move a reconsidera-
tion; but on a vote by tellers, or division, any
member may move a reconsideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, f rise to a
question of order, and it is this: Pending amo-
tion to adjourn a motion to reconsider is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has never had his
attention drawn to any similar case, but inasmuch
as by the language of the rule, it is in order
pending the motion to adjourn, to fix a day to
which the House will adjourn; and, inasmuch as
any vote given by the House may be reconsid- '
ered, the Chair is of the opinion that it is in order
either by reconsideration or otherwise, pending a
motion to adjourn, to change the ordinary time of
adjournment, or a time specially fixed. ' ;
Mr. STEPHENS. My point -is this: After a
|! motion-to adjourn, it is too late to entertain a rao-
'1 tion to reconsider. The question on the adjourn-
ment must be put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
in order pending a motion to adjourn to fix a day
to which the House will adjourn. That is so
i under express rule.
I Mr. STEPHENS. So 1 understand; but that
does not allow the motion to reconsider.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
j does.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
1 adjourn pending, it is a privileged motion to fix j
' the day to which the House will adjourn. The
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House |
i fixed the day to which it would adjourn, connects i
, itself with that motion.
! TheSPEAKER. So the Chair has decided. 1
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table. jj
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was about j
to suggest in reply to the position of the Speaker, j;
that the vote on the motion to adjourn over vir- /
! tually fixes the day to which we shall adjourn;
! therefore  ji
TheSPEAKER. The Chair must leave it to j
■ the House to determine what its action shall be j'
under the rule-. It is the business of the Chair to !
| define the rule only. '
Mr. OLDS. I demand the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move a call 1
of the House.
| The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
i in the opinion of the Chair, during the pendency "
of a motion to adjourn. :
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But is not the mo- !
tion to adjourn in order? '
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is ;
! in order during the pendency of a motion to ad-
journ, for the House to fix a day to which it will
! adjourn. TheHouse, byavote, have defermined
to adjourn over until Wednesday next. The ']
! motion is now made to reconsider that vote, and ii
the motion to adjourn is not in order until the
( House shall have settled the question as to the ;j
i day to which it shall adjourn. b
■ Mr. STEPHENS. The House have already j
i settled that question.
• The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the ]l
; House have the right to reconsider that vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the mo- !
j tion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
; TheSPEAKER. The question then recurs on b
i the' motion to reconsider the vote by which the !
I House determined to adjourn until Wednesday !
i next. ' '
Mr. OLDS. Upon that motion I demand the ji
yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 renew the motion to lay |.
the motion to reconsider upon the table, if they;
will have the yeas and nays. '
Mr. OLDS. Upon that question 1 demand the ]
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
. the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 65; as follows: jf
! VCAS—Me-srs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Beimetl, Ren?on, '
Benton, Ch-.-, Campbell, Carpf-mcr, Ca;,kie, Chamberlain,
ChiiMiian. Uorwin, (.'rocker, Culloni,Thomas llavis, Daw-
son, Ite Witt, Dick, Disney, Ka^lnunt, Thomas D. Eliot,
Kvuiiait, Evving, l-'artey. Kenton. Florence, Franklin,
Gootlc, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Iliester,
Howe, Hughes, Johnson, Ilatiiel T. Jones., Keir, Knox, La-
tliam, Lilly, McCulloch, MoDougall, Mac<>, Alayail. Mid-
dleswarth, Murray, Mordecai Olivei, Parker, Peck, Bishop
Perkins, Powell, Pre-ston, Ready, Kiddle,Thomas Ritchey,
S.ibul, ti.iiic, Seward, Shannon, Singleton, Gerrit Smith,
William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton^
Alexander II. Stephen:-, John J.. Tailor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upliatn, Vansant, Wade, Walsh. ,
Eilihti B. \\ a-hburne, Israel Wa-ntnun,.lohn Went worth
and \W:-M)rook—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahereronibie, Appletou, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Barksdate, Belcher, Boeoek, Breckinridge,Bridues,
Chaplain, Clmgmaii, Cobb, Cox. John G. Ilayis,Eddy.Ed-
mands, Ellison, English, Flaglei, Fuller, Harnton, Hast-
ings. Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hftuston, George W. Jones,
J Glaney Jones, Roland .lone.-, Kidivell, Kitt^aedge, Kurtz,
Letcher, I,nid ley. McMullm, McNair, Matteson, Max-
well, May, John G.Miller, Millson, Morgan,Nichols, Noble,
OMs, Orr, Packer, Theips, Pratt, Puryear, Reese, Richard-
son, David Ritchie, Robbins, liufFin, Russell, Sapp, Shaw,
George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens. David Stuart, Jo lot
J. Taylor, Trout, Vail,and Walley—65.
Ho the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurring on the motion to
adjourn, it was taken, and decided in theaffirma-
tive,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask the consent of
the House to make a persona! explanation. v
There being no objection,
Mr. A. proceeded. I will detain the House but
a single moment. I notice that m the Globe of
this morning I am recorded as having been absent
upon a call of the roil. It is true that I was not
present, but as I think the House will bear me
witness that I am constant in my attendance here
upon almost all occasions. I beg leave to state that I
received notice that a son of mine, who is at Alex-
andria at school, was sick, and I went there for
the purpose of seeing him. That was my reason
for being absent, and that is all the explanation I
have to make.
The House thereupon (at half past three o'clock
p.m.) adjourned till Wednesday next at twelve
o 'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
WEDNESDAY, July 5, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer
Mr. J3ADGER. Senators, I have received a
note from the President of the Senate, which the
Secretary will read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington, July 5,1854.
My peak Sir: You will oblige me by presiding over the
Senate this day.
Your friend, I>. 1). ATCHISON.
Hon. George E. IIa^oer.
Mr. BADGER. If there be no objection, I
will take the chair in pursuance of the request of
this letter.
There was no objection.
The.Tournalof Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information of the condition of the
marine hospital building at New Orleans, and the
i sum necessary to place it in a proper state of re-
j pair; which was referred to the Committee on
■ Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
I Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information respecting the present
condition of the building of the United States
branch Mint at New Orleans; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
; PETITIONS, ETC.
i Mr. DODGE, of Wi sconsin, presented a peti-
tion of inhabitants of Wisconsin, praying the
; establishment of a post route from La Crosse to
Portage, in said State; which was referred to the
, Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
1 Mr. CASS presented a petition of merchants of
Detroit, Michigan, praying the reduction of the
rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
i He expressed a hope that the committee would
report favorably in regard to the subject of the
petition.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of James
F. Shores and others, citizens of Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, piaying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of C. E. Stowe and others,
legal voters of Andover, Massachusetts, praying
the repeal of the fugitive slave law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Seth M. Leavenworth, praying
that a joint resolution, heretofore passed for his
relief, may be carried into effect; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of merchants, ship-masters,
and others, residing 111 the Belfast collection district, pray-
ing the erection of a custom-house building at Belfast,
Maine, he withdrawn from tile files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to Hie Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from; the Committee on Pen-
