82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12.
streams, which are branches of the Gila. We met Indians
to day, who, I think, aie not Apaches Tontos, as they do
not speak any Spanish, andrefuse toanswer our questions.
We obtained from them over fifteen hundred doiiais worth
of gold for a few old articles of clothing. The Indians use
gold bullets for their guns. They are ot different pizes, and
each Indian has a pouch of them. We saw an Indian load
his gun with one large and three small gold bullets to shoot
a rabbit. They proposed exchanging them for lead ; but I
preferred trading other articles. Whether the Indians made
the<-e balls themselves, or whether they were obtaitud by
• the murder of miners in California or Sonora? I am unable;
to say.
August 28.—Traveled ten miles east over a good country
met with more Indians, and traded for some horse meat,
by giving articles of clothing in exchange. We traded also
for a few hundred dollars' worth of gold. To-day a mule
broke down, and an Indian gave me for it a lump of gold
weighing a pound and a half, less one ounce.
The Indians are so numerous, they would destroy the
partynf we allowed them the least chance. But we are
very vigilant, and select camps on elevated places, conse-
quently we arc unable to make any examination1; for gold
in the sands of the country. The Indians call themselves
Belenio s.
Jlugust 29.—Traveled some twenty miles in an eastern
direction ; the country quite level, and the land good, with
plenty of grass and water.
JlugitH 30.—Traveled to-day about fifteen miles east,
over a country a little broken. Water and grass abundant.
August 31.—Moved about twelve miles noith of east,
over a country similai to that of ye&terday. Found water,
gra-ss, and piiif1 timber.
September X.—Traveled fifteen miles ovpr a country a
Jitrle bioken, and well supplied with water, grass, and
timber.
The boil was good.
September 2.—Traveled the same distance northeast to
the Sierra Blancu. Followed Indian trails all day, and
found grass, water, and pine timber in great abundance;
and mo^t of the soil is of a superior quality.
September 3 —Pursuing the same course, we traveled
some fifteen miles among the same mountains. To-day we
passed through valleys o( good soil, and we found the pine
timber in greater abundance than yesterday. The trees are
generally fiom two and a half in five feet in diameter, and
over two hundred feet high. We have seen timber enough
to-day to make a mil road from the Eastern States to the
Pacific, The passes through this mountain are level, and
can be traveled by wagons withoutany difficulty whatever.
September 4.—Made twenty-five miles northeast, cross-
ing ttie Colorado Cluqmto after traveling about two miles.
The land is level and good, and water and wood are plenty.
Seplcmbero.—Made twenty miles cast northeast, and sot
out of the mountains after traveling live miles; stiuckthe
prairie, where we found good soil, grass, and water
September 6.—Continuing noith east over a good and level
country lor twenty-five miles, we reached the Indian town
or pueblo of Zufii, where we met with a hospitable and
civilized population, from whom we obtained an abundance
of good provisions, over winch we greatly rejoiced.
We have subsisted for a month on mule and horse-flesh,
and for the most of that time, on half or quaiter lations.
But as I have reached tins place with all my men, I feel
satisfied. I shall take no notes of the country from this
town to Albuquerque on the Rio Grande, as a level and
much-traveled wagon road exists between the two places,
and is familiar to the people of New Mexico. It has been
described by others, and is well known to present no diffi-
culties to the construction ot a railroad.
September 10.—At Albuquerque, New Mexico. Before
laying aside my pencil, for the use of which T have no
fancy. I shall set down a few ideas that are now prominent
in my recollection. • •
Iset out, in the first place, upon this journey, "imply to
gratify my own curiosity, as to the practicability of one of
the much talked of routes for the contemplated Atlantic and
Pacific railroad. Having previously traveled the southern
or Gila route, I felt anxious to compare n with the Albu-
querque or middle route. Although I conceive the former
to be every way practicable, I now give it as mv opinion
that the latter is equally so, whilst it has the additional ad-
vantage of being more central and serviceable to the Union.
I believe the route I traveled is far enough south to be cer-
tainly free from the danger of obstiuction by snows in win-
ter. The route, in all its length, may be said to pa^s over
a high plateau, or generally level country, for the most part
thickly studded with piaine mountaius, or detached eleva-
'tion^, seldom so linked together as to deserve to be called a
chain of mountains. Numerous mountains were at all
tunes m sight; hut being for the most part isolated peaks,
a detour of a few miles would always supersede the neces-
sity of cios*ing them. To the south of our route from the
Great Colorado to Zufii, the country was more level than
on the north, and for the greater part of the distance a val-
ley extends nearly due ea^t arid west to the Colorado. The
existence of so manv mountains along the way must be
considered, in reference to a raihoad, as a very fortunate
circumstance instead of a disadvantage, as it is the mount-
ains alone which lurnish the timber and never fading
water. The plains are the only deseits and barren spots,
if they are to be called so after the fashion of the day,
which e\i>-i in all that va-t region of countiy which lies
between the Gila on the «outh and the. finish Possessions
on the noith, and the [Lio Grande on the east, and the
Sierra Nevada of California on the we-t. The plateau, or
table lands, must furnish the track upon which the road is to
be laid ; but the mountains adjacent must furnish the timber,
and the water (or the u^e of men and animals employed in
its construction, and for the use of the depots afterwards.
It is well for the country over which I parsed that these
mountains exist, as without them it would be in reality
one vast and repulsive desert, j t would he a disadvantage
for a railroad to have to ero^s them, a*, although not diffi-
cult to cross, it would much iuoipa-^ the expense. But I
saw nothing that rendered it at all piobable that they would
have to be crossed. On the contrary, I am satisfied that
a railroad may be run almost mathamaucally direct from
Zufii to the Colorado, and frotn thence to the Tejon pass
hi California. The section from the pass to San Francisco
should leave the Tulare lake to the west, arid should pass
through the coast range of mountains, say in the neigh-
borhood of San Juan, and thence to San Francisco, and
by a branch to Stockton.
The west side of Tulare lake is unfit for a road on ac-
count of its miry nature. The section of the route from
Zufii to Albuquerque is plain sailing. That from Albu
querque to Independence, or St Louis, or Memphis, is
equally plain, by two or three well known passes through
the Sandia mountains, which lie east of the Rio Graude.
Certain slight deviations from the track which I pursued
would improve the route. For instance, it would be better
to leave my trail to the north, at a point say one hundred
and eighty miles east of the Sierra Nevada, and intersect
it again some fifteen miles west of the Colorado. On the
east side of the Coloiado the road should pursue a directly
eastern course for seventy-five miles, and thence take an
east southeast course tot* nearly two hundred miles, at the
foot and on the south side of the mountains inhabited by
the G.irrotero Indians. Thence northeast for fifteen miles
in a prairie between those mountains and a lange of moun-
tains, which seem to extend to the Gila. From this point
the road should run easterly to theOolorado Chiquito river,
and thence northeast to Zufii. The distance trom the east
end of the Garrotcro mountain to Zufii is about two hun-
dred miles. This route, as I indicate it, will pass at all
times in sight of my trail, and thiough as practicable a
country as any lailroad route of the same distance in the
United States.
The proposed route hy the Sangre de Cristo, north of
Taos, I take, if practicable at all, to be very objectionable,
on account of the vast elevations the road must ascend to,
and the large quantities of snow winch fall arid remain
there so long duiing the winter months. This route has,
also, the additional disadvantage of crossing two rivers, the
Grand and the Green, either of which would be as costly
to bridge as the Colorado.
A route has. been .somewhat spoken of just north of the
Gila, with the view of having the route wholly on Ameri-
can ground. That, I am satisfied, is altogether out of the
question, on account of mountains alone, if no other ob-
jection existed. The Gila route proper, passing in part
through Sonora, is objectionable on sevoial accounts be-
sides its situation. In the first place, there is no timber
Upon the plains, nor upon the volcanic mountains that lie
along the way, A considerable part of the route, too. lies
over a country destitute of vegetation, which, when dry. is
a white powder, resembling flour, in which the feet of men
! and animals sink several inches. This same clay, when
wet, is the most treacherous of quagmires. Some parts of
the road are also very sandr. Don Ambrosio Armijo, who
took sheep to California last year, lost as many as eleven
hundred among the sand lulls west of the Colorado, by
sinking in the sand, and being run over by those behind.
Another serious objection to the Gila route is the great
desert which lies west of the Colorado, and has an extent
of one bundled miles without wood or water.
I have no interest in recommending one of these routes
more than another. I took sheep and wagons to California
last year by the Gila route, and I am about to return that
way to California again with sheep. Upon the route which
I have just ti aveled, I encountered many hardships and dan-
gers, and met with serious pecuniary loss; yet I say it is
the bebt for a railroad, and would be excellent for ordinary
traveling but for the Indians. A large portion of the trail
over which I passed—some say two hundred and fifty miles
west from thellto Grande—is, for the most part, admirably
adapted to farming and stock raising.
Mr. Aubrey has forwarded to me, with these
notes, an interesting diagram of his route, which
I shall present to the Senate to be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands with this bill.
1 have also received from Lieutenant Hamil-
ton and Major Andrews, of the United States
Army, notes of their explorations from San Die-
go to the mouth of the Gila river, and for some
distance up the Colorado, with a diagram of their
route, which I also present to the Senate: ]
Legend to accompany map of routes from San Diego to i
the mouth of the Gila. !
It is believed that the SanDtego and the mouth of the 1
Gila are on the same parallel of latitude. The initial monu-
ment is taken thirteen milessouth of the San Diego, which I
varies little from the truth. The di-tanee between the !
initial monument and the mouth of the Gila is assumed to !
be one hundred and forty-one miles, which I think I re- I
member aright. Tn the Indian names I adopt the Spanish •
sound of the vowels and the English sound of the oon«o- !
nants, except where they have been so long used as to !
render them Mexican, in which case I adopt the Mexican !
orthography. Carriage roads now in use arc marked thus —
Proposed routes of railroads, thus (a red hue.) Sum-
mit of mountain ranges---- (red dots.) Indian villages,
thus (a pyiamid.) Paths, thus   . Old unusual trails
or water unknown, thus 
Commencing at San Diego, a road would run to the
rancho ofTijuan along the level nearly of the sea—distance
tweut\-three mile<, or nineteen three fouiths as marked,
from New San Diego. Hence, with but slight ascent and
good road, we reach the spring of San Pedro y San Pablo,
which is on the hill at a distance of fifteen miles from Ti
juan. Tins eminence will be easily gained, or could be
avoided altogether bv going through Carrizita rancho-and
the Baja California road as indicated. Hence to Tecate is
only a regular rise of water. Plenty of water at La Puma,
Tijuan Creek, all the way to the last point of leaving it,
spung of San Pedro and San Pablo, Carrizita, and
through eight miles of Tecate Valley to San Jos6, on
Cartoueh's rancho. Tecate is fortv-thiee three fomth
miles from New San Diego. And the house is in Baja,
California, by a few yards. There is plentv of wood in
Tipian Creek—cotton-wood and willow. Oak in abund-
ance in all the other valleys as far ad Jacum. From Tecate
through you pass into other valleys, yet the ridges between
them are hardly perceptible. At San Jo>£, four miles
further, plenty of wood and water ; at Valentine's rancho,
three miles further, plenty of wood and water. At
Milcuatai, four miles further, plenty of wood and water.
This Milcuatai is a beautiful valley, long, well timbered on
the edges, excellent pasture in the center, in form of a
crescent, and has a pass out of it in a direct hue to San
Diego, now used by the Government express from the Gila.
The pass is called Struck's Pass, from the fir«t mail rider
who went through it. This route I consider, from the re-
ports I have had of it from express men, as'less practicable
by far, than the indicated route. The creek, as seen in
the map, starting near the summit runs pa->t Santiago,
and Juan Pedro's rancho-. and exhausts itself in Milcuatai
valley. From first, water in Milcuatai valley to the summit
between Deseret and Sea is twelve miles—to said summit
by road traveled, sixty seven miles. Thus far all is of easy
ascent. An easy descent for ten miles to Jacum valley now
takes place ; the ground supplying wood and water. To-
tal distance, by present wagon road, seventy and one half
miles from New San Diego. To reach thedeseiUit is now
necessary to descend, and for this purpose the present ex-
press route appears best calculated. At first sight it would
require a stationary engine for an inclined plane of say
four hundred feet; but the other advantages of this route
being so weighty would justify a thorough examination of
all the passes m this vicinity for the purpose of avoiding
said plane. Don Santiago Arguella, a gentleman who will
soon be in vour Oitv, informed me that a gentle slope can
be found down to the desert on the eastern side. If this
exists, I will insure an easy approach to the summit. I
believe this to be from twenty-five to thirty mdes south of
Jacum, and near a place called among the Indians and oid-
Calfornians "El Matadero," where a battle was once
fought between the settlers and Indians, and which is com-
mon property between the Mountain Indians of this side
and the Oocopas of the Colorado.
After arriving on the plain of the desert no incon-
veniences are found; and the whole distance, from the
mouth of the Gila to San Diego, would not exceed one hun-
dred and sixty five miles—the air-rhumb being one hun-
dred and forty-one miles.
No difficulties are to be met with in the Valleoito® route,
except that, by this route, it will be about one hundred and
sixty miles from Camp Yuma to San Jose delValle. or
Warner rancho, and from thence forty-five miles to San
Luis Rey—a point considered in some of the speculations
on the road. This route is in every way practicable, as
well as a route from San Luis to San Diego, and from San
Luis to Los Angeles.
Again, arriving at San Jos6 del Valle, an excellent route
liesdiiect through Temecula to Los Angeles. On this I
have been as far as Temecula; and, I am told, the rest of
the route is equally good. In fact, I believe a good route
can be obtained in either of the passes mentioned ; and, I
might add, that an ascent from the desert can be made by
the Coyotes, via Juan Bautistas, Buena Vista rancho, and
thence to Temecula.
At the request of Lieutenant Hamilton, I have added to
the map above descnbed that of the country between Jacum
pass and Colorado river. The whole distance is a level,
or so nearly so as to rise and fall imperceptibly. Hardly
any grading would be required for a railroad, and that little
only where some dry anoyo of, say ten feet wide, occurs.
To reach Colorado riverat a suitable crossing place, I think
it would be necessary, after passing either north or south
of Pilot Mountain, to bear northeast to the point marked
on the map. Fiom this crossing is also the mo-t favorable
diiection for gaming the valley of the Gila, which would
be reached over the level desert fifteen miles east of the
Colorado. The soil of this country is barren, save m the
bottoms, where a growth of mezquit occurs. Near the
Colorado the cotton-wood and willow mingle with mesquit.
There is no building stone, after leaving Jacum, until reach-
ing a point eighty miles up the Gila. The chief advantages
of this line are its directness and level ground The Col-
orado is navigable for steamers of good power, and five
feet draught to Lighthouse Rock, about two bundled and
ten miles, by the stieam, from its mouth. The current in
summer is three and a quarter mile's, and during: the Jnne
flood six and a quarter miles an hour. I have sounded
from the mouth to Lighthouse Rock, and never found less
than six feet six inches water. These soundings were
taken below the Gila m March. 18^2, and above the Gila
in October, 1852, both months of low water.
Respectfully submitted, GEO. P ANDREWS.
Brevet Major U S. jirmy.
I will here observe, Mr. President, that I have
so worded this bill, that if it is ascertained that the
only practicable route of the great national rail-
road should be bv the Gila river, the State of Cal-
ifornia can provide for the appropriation of the
land granted for the construction of a road passing
down the valleys of the coast range of mountains
to San Diego, and thence to the mouth of the
Gila. I have applied to the Secretary of War
for orders to Lieutenant Williamson, who has
charge of the exploring-party on the Pacific coast,
to extend his explorations, pursuing the course of
the coast range of mountains, and the valley of
the Sacramento river, to Noble's Pass, through
the Sierra Nevada mountains, and to give that
pass a thorough examination. The Secretary
has expressed his willingness to grant my request,
provided Congress would make the necessary ap-
propriation, which, I hope, will be done at an
early day.
Mr. President, I am an ardent advocate of the
great Pacific railroad. 1 believe it is the duty of
the General Government to contribute liberally in
land and money to aid in the construction of this
