THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D'. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 6, 1854.
New Series....No. 101.
sions, to whom was referred a bill from the House,
of Representatives, for the relief of Charles Sta-
ples; reported it back without amendment.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a letter
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings, com-
municating information of the destruction of a por-
tion of the Long Bridge, by fire, on the 8th instant,
and asking an appropriation for the repairs of the
same, reported a bill making an appropriation for
the repairs of the Long Bridge across the Potomac
river, in the cityof Washington; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON asked, and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate, to introduce a bill to provide
for taking charge of the Louisville and Portland
canal, and to prevent the same from falling into
bad repair; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT WHEELING.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
eu^tmn-honse, post office, and court-room at Wheeling, 111
Virginia; and if, in their opinion, the same be expedient,
then to report tlie appropriation necessary therefor.
THE BARIC GRIFFIN.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested (if, in his
opinion, notmcompatible with the public interest) to com-
municate to the Senate copies of the correspondence be-
tween Ferdinand Coxe.late char 6 d'affaires of the United
States at Brazil, and the Brazilian Government, eon
cernin<i the seizure of the cari;n of the American bark
Griffin, and the impusounietit ot George Marsdeil, a citizen
of the United States.
STEAMER EL PARAGUAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives to correct a
clerical error in the act approved June 22, 1854,
to authorize a register to be issued to the steamer
El Paraguay, have directed me to report the same
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. 1 ask that it may be considered at, this
time. It is simply to correct a verbal error.
There being 110 objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolulion. It ptovides that wherever the
word "Joy"occurs in the act referred to, it shall
be held to mean "Ivy."
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
STEAM LINE BETWEEN CALIFORNIA AND
CHINA.
The engrossed bill to establish a line of steam
mail ships between San Francisco, in California,
and Shanghai, in China, touching at the Sand-
wich Islands and Japan, was read a third time.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. MASON. I move that the bill lie on the
table, so as to test the sense 'of the Senate on the
expediency of the appropriation.
Mr. WELLER. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Virginia, that it would be as well to allow the
question to be taken on the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MASON. Very well. Then I withdraw
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. CLAY stated that he had agreed to pair
off with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
who was in favor of the bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK stated that he had paired
101
off with the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,]
who was a friend of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 22, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Brodhead, Cass,
Clayton, Cooper, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessendeu,
Gwin, Hamlin, Jonnson. Jones of Tennessee, Pratt, Rock-
Well, Rusk, Seward, Stuait, Wade, Walker, and Weller
—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brown, But-
ler, Chase, Evans, Gillette, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Pet-
tit, arid Williams—13.
So the bill was passed.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON". I move that the Senate now
take up the bill authorizing the extension of the
Alexandria and Washington railroad into the
District of Columbia, for the purpose of voting
upon it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope we shall go on in reg-
ular order. The bill for the more effectual sup-
pression of the African slave trade in American-
built vessels was made the special order for half
past twelve this morning. That hour has ar-
rived, and I now call for its consideration.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will in-
dulge me with the courtesy of having the bill to
which I allude voted upon. I only desire to take
a vote upon it. It will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. CLAYTON. If it be understood that
there is to be no debate, but simply a vote upon
it, I am willing; otherwise 1 shall call for the
special order.
Mr. MASON. All that I ask is a vote.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate,
Mr. SEWARD. I do not rise to speak on the
merits of the bill. The indication is that it is
going to pass; and one of the indications—the
only indication I think—to the contrary is that the
present occupant of the chair will not oppose it
He has made a good many excellent speeches this
session which have been very persuasive; but 1
am sorry to say that, as far as I ara concerned,
they failed to produce the result. I was on the
eve ofvotingfor the bill at one time. Afterwards
I came to examine the subject, and I found that
the Chair had once before made a speech on it
which was perfectly satisfactory and conclusive
that the Long Bridge ought not to be repaired or
kept up for two, reasons: first that it injures the
health of this city, and next, that it is injurious to
the commerce and interests of Georgetown.
Upon that old speech, therefore, made by the
Chair on a previous occasion, I should be prepared
to vote against the passage of this bill; but the :
honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,]
who was in favor of its passage, was obliged to j
leave the city, and asked me to pair off with him. !
I did so, and I rise for the purpose of doing justice |
to him, and stating the reasons which influence j
me. .
Mr. BRIGHT. The bill has been taken up with J
the understanding, I believe, that it should not be j
further discussed. I have no disposition to vio- !
late that agreement, provided that it is not likely j
to pass. If I thought it would pass I should in- |
sist upon being heard upon it. With a view of i
making a test question I move that it lie on the !
table; and on that I ask for the yeas and nays, j
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being j
j taken resulted'—yeas 26, nays 12; as follows: j
' YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Cadger, Bright, Bro<i- j
j head. Brown, Binler, Clay, Coopei, Dixon, Dodge of Wis-
I con.siti, Evans, fVssenden, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gillette, ■'
i Gwin, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, i
! Toucev, W<ide, and Walker—96. j
NAYS—Mcs-r-. Chase, Clavton, Hunter, Johnson,J
j Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Norns, RockweU,' i
Rusk, Weller, and Williams—12. ^ / |
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC. ▼ ]
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the consideration of:
II the resolution which I had the honor of introdu- \
cing the other morning in regard to the hour of j
meeting. I
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a special order for
half past twelve o'clock, to which 1 hope theSen-
ator will interpose no objection.
Mr. CLAYTON. I call for the special order.
Mr. BROWN. What is it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
special order for half past twelve, is the bill to
authorize the construction of a line of telegraph
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean.
Mr, HAMLIN, I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to its consideration.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone the prior
j orders, with the view of taking up the resolution,
! which I have indicated. Its object is to fix a
! morning hour for the sitting of the Senate, in place
1 of the present evening hour. It requires no dis-
j cussion. The fixing of a special case for the
I morning hour, in my opinion, should not have
j been done; but it has been done; and 1, therefore,
I move to postpone the prior orders to get a vote
i upon the resolution. I presume every one has
I "made up his mind upon it.
! Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will let this reso-
lution go over till to-morrow morning, we can
have a vote on it then.
Mr. CLAYTON. Nothing tends so much to
obstruct the business of the Senate as taking up
subjects out of their order. The debate which
arises on the propriety of abandoning the order of
the Senate, occupies more time than it would take
to pass a measure.
Mr. ADAMS. I will withdraw my motion. I
will not be in the way of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The firstspecial
order is the bill to authorize the construction of a
line of telegraph from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to inquire if
that is the special order during the morning hour
only or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
appointed this bill as the special order for half past
twelve o'clock. The custom, the Chair will take
the opportunity of remarking, which has grown
up in the Senate is, in the opinion of theoccupant
of the Chair, founded on no authority, but it does
not become him to make any objection to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If it is only for the morn-
ing hour, I have no objection to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think it was the intention
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] as
it was my own, that it should only be for the
morning hour, and after that has expired, we
shall not interfere with the regular business of the
day. Is the bill now before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, *
and is open to amendment.
i Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to add another verbal
amendment to the substitute reported from the
i committee. It is to insert after the word '• terri-
tory" in the sixth section the words " in alternate
sections," so as to make it readand if, after
; two years from the completion as aforesaid, said
■ lands shall not have been surveyed, it shall be
! optional with said Alden and Eddy, their heirs
1 and assigns, and they shall have the right to relo-
! cate the like quantities of land in any Territory
: in, alternate sections where they have been aur-
1 veyed," &c.
| The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also propose to amend the
! second section, by inserting after the word
' " water" the words " where the same is practi-
; cable." The section now provides, that the tele-
; graphic line shall be constructed under the surface
i of the earth, rock or water. It has been sug-
! gested by the honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] that there may be rocks in the spurs of
the mountains over which the line may pass of
that description, which it would be very hard if
not impossible to penetrate. The object is, in such
cases, to let the line go on the surface.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as originally introduced by Mr.
Hamlin, proposed to empower Hiram 0. Aiden
and James Eddy, their associates and assigns, to
