1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
- construct, at their own expense, a line of telegraph
from Su Louis, in Missouri, or any other point
on the western bank of the Mississippi river they
may select, through the public lands belonging to,
and under the jurisdiction of, the United States,
to San Francisco, in California, or to some other
point on the Pacific ocean, in as direct a line as
practicable, with liberty to construct branch or
diverging lines to Texas, to New Mexico, to
Utah, and to Oregon. The line is to be con-
structed of durable materials, thoroughly insulated,
securely placed under the surface of the earth, and
water with testing tubes every five miles, and with
working stations at distances averaging not more
than a hundred miles, to secure its thorough work-
- ing, and Us repair and protection. The stations
are to be supplied with the necessary telegraph
instruments and operators, both night and day,
« and the whole line is to be completed and put m
operation within eighteen monU-s. The General
Government secures to itself forever the free use
of the line for the transmission of official dispatches
and communications between theGovernmentand
its officers, not exceeding a monthly aggregate of
more than seven thousand words, though the
prior use is reserved to the Government at all
times. For the transmission of private dispatches
from the Mississippi to the Pacific the charges are
not to exceed ten dollars for each message of ten
words or less, and not exceeding seventy-five
cents for each additional word. The line is to be
kept in good working condition under penalty of
forfeiture of the line and ail its appurtenances.
On these conditions, the General Government, us
soon as the line shall be in operation, will issue to
the company land warrants for fifteen hundred
thousand acres, which the company may select
and locate thus: They may select from any of the
public, lands along and near the telegraphic line,
not before sold or appropriated, any quantity not
less than a section, nor more than a township, in
one body; and if more than one township shall
be taken in the same locality, alternate townships
only are to be selected. The President of the
United Stales is to cause the unsurveyed lands
upon the line of telegraph, which they may select,
to be surveyed, and if, after the expiration of two
years from the completion of the line the lands
shall not have been surveyed, the company will
be at libeity to relocate the like quantities in any
State or Territory where the lands are surveyed,
and open to private entry or sale, and as fast as
the lands are thus located, the Commissioner of
the General Land Office will issue patents for
them. In the event of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean being located on or near the route selected
for a telegraphic line, the grant of land ''ontem-
plated by this bill is to be so located as not to
interfere with the grant for the railroad. The
bill further provides that any matt-rial of foreign
manufacture that may be requisite and necessary
for the construction of the telegraphic line may he
imported free of duty.
The Committee on Territories reported an
amendment in the form of a substitute for the
whole bill. As amended, on the motion of Mr.
Hamlin, (to-day and Saturday last,) the substitute
reads as follows:
That Hiram O. Alden nnd Janic.sKddy, their «ncce^ors
associates ami aligns, are hereby .mihoi iy,ed and empow
ered to construct, at their own expense, a hue of telegraph
from such point on tlio Mississippi or Mi^uim rivei-,
they ma) hereaftei select, through the put.he lands belong-
ing to. and lytder the jurisdiction ot* the United Stare*,
over which lands the right ot way for that ptnpo«e is here
by granted, to San Francisco, in California, in as dnect a
line as practicable, wiih ihe liheiiy to construct ni.-o, di-
vorcing lines to and through the public lands* in the Slates
and Territories lying both north and south of said direct
or mam line, as is hereinafter >«t (null.
Sfc. "2. .Snd be jt fuithcr enacted. That ^atd line of tol
egraph shall be constructed ot datable riMteriah, wituat.
least two independent conductors thoioughlv insulated,"
end pecurcly placed under the Mirfacc of the earth, rock or
water where the same is practicable, with testing tubes
every five miles, and working stations n* distances ;tvei-
aging not inoiu than one handled mile-*, to seciwe the
through working of ihe same, and foi its i epair and pmtee
lion Said working stations are to be .-implied with all the
requisite telegraph appaiatu*, ir^tiumeiits, opeiafor-, and
men, neee^ary to it* (fficacy and lehahilitv, and 'he same
«hall lie completed and put m operation within two years
from the p-nsage of rhis mil,and after such J-'tate legi^h'ion
shall have been secured a- may be n«:cessurv to aiirnonze
it= construction in the States through which U may pas .
And >anl line or telegiaph, when m> complex d. shall" theie-
after be kept in operation by night as well as by day.
Sec. 3. Jind be it farther enacted, That there shall be
reserved and granted to the General Government forever, !
die free and prior uae of said line of telegraph, for the 1
transmission of all official dispatches arid communications
between said f-overnment and us officers: Provided, how-
ever, That said free dispatches and communications shall
not exceed a monthly aggiegate ot ir.oic than eight thous-
and words, but still receiving to the Government the furthei
prior use, to any extent within the capacity or said line,
by paying the same toll* or charge© paid by individuals lor
like heiviec, and no more.
^ec. 4. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That for the trans-
mission of all private dispatches and communications over
said main line, between the Mississippi and the Pacific,
the tolls or charges shall, in no case, exceed ten dollars for
each message ol ten words or less exclusive of date, ad
dre s and -ignanire; arid not exceeding seventy-five cents
for each woid added thereto.
Sec. 5. Jind he it furthei enacted, That said Alden and
Eddy, their associates ami assigns, shall, at their own
li e.\pense, keep said line of telegraph in vvoiking oid<*r, and
,' at their own cost operate the transmitting *aid Gov-
j | eminent dispatches and communications, at all times, when
i said line shall be in working condition, as requeued by the
!j o/heora or authorised agents of said Government; and if
jj they shall, at any time, niuea^oiuhly ie{u-e so to do, or
jj shall neglect, for the space of six successive months, to
I [ operate said line—unless prevented liorn so doing, by .some
'l unlorscen disaster, or some unavoidable (alaiuilv, arising
' fiom the Mckne-s of operator,- or from I ndian hostility and
lj depredation, said line of tolegiaph, with all i;s appuite-
ij nances, >hall be (oiteited to, and become the proptatv ol,
tile United States.
h Sec. 0. Jlnd he it further cnacte<7, That, upon the com-
i pletion ol said hue of telegiaph as aforesaid, and so -oon
as the same shall be put m suece-Mul operation, and the
(tee use thereof, as hereinbefoie provided, tendered to the
Government of the United States, then snail be issued to
said Alden and iiddy, their heirs or assigns, in &.\ch<mge
and pay men I for the tree and prior n-e of s.nd hue in pei pe -
tuity, as aforesaid, laud warrants for two millions acres of
I and, excluding all mineral lands, which they aie hereby an
thonzed to select and locate as follows: iromand aiier said
completion they shall have the right to --elect from any of
the puhlfb lands along and near said hnc of telegiaph, not
before sold or appropriated, any quantity, not moi e than a
section, in alternate *eeitons VV'lieie unsurveyed lands
shall have been selected, the Piesitient ot the United
States bhall cause the .-anie to be surveyed, if practicable ;
and it', aftei two years fiom the completion .is aforesaid,
said lands shall not have been sin veyed, if chall be optional
with said Alden and Kddy, their heirs oi as-igns, and they
shall have the right to relocate the liKe quantities ot land
in ati,v Teriitorv, m alternate) stM'tions. where thev shall
have been surveyed, and shall then be open to private entiy
or sale. And as fast as ^elections and locations of smd
lands shall thus be made, the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is heiebv authorized ami H-quired to i-su<>
patents io the said Alden and Kddv, their heis or assigns,
on application theieloi : I'/oi idcd, That in the cventa rail
road to ihe Pat itic ocean sh.ttl be located on or near said
line ol telegiaph, the grant of land contemplated in this sec-
tion, shall he so located as not to interteie with the ioca- i
uon and any giant Congress may make m aid of the con j
stmetion ot saidiaihoad. i
Sec. 7. Jhul bc it further c.natted. That all voluntary or j
intentional injuucs io said hue of lelegtaph, oi to any prop- i
erly thereto belonging, shall be deemed, and are hereby
declared to be wilful and malieious tie-passes, and shall be i
punished as such : and all laws of theciuited States now !
m toice in any Tetritory thereof, or which may heiealter
b<' enacted for the. bettei seeunty and proteeiion of prop-
erly, and applicable to such ollenses, shall be. and they ,
hen by aie extended, for the pioieetion ot said line of tel- !
egrapii, into and ove. all the uiioiganized lefiiorv belong- ,
ing to and under tiie jurisdiction of the United States 1
through which the same may be constructed; and ail legal 1
proee-s arid proceedings for ihe detection and piini-hment I
of th- atoresfud otlen-cs -hall be within the juri-djc-tiun of
the courts, and shall be issued and cm cuted by the proper
law office is in lite adjoining States and organized Terri
tones. |
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not often
tiespuss on the attention of the Senate, and I pro- ;
po«e to do so only very briefly at this time. I
believe u may now be conceded that theie will be \
no bill urged at this aession for the establishment ;
of a railroad communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific coasts. Certain it is that no such bill
can pass at this session of Congress. Indeed, if ;
such a bill should receive the favorable consider- 1
niton of Congress, it would be years before such ,
a road could be constructed, whether either by
the funds of individuals, from thepioceeds of the \
National Treasury, or by appropriations of public i
lands. There lore, to obviate the want which is '
felt for a direct communication between the two
coasts, 1 think it is highly desirable that fx snvili
and a limited appropriation should be made for
the construction of a telegraphic ime.
The bill which i had ihe honor to introduce at !
this session was the bsii which was reported by '
the Senator from California [Mr. Weller] to the 1
Senate last, year from the Committee on Territo-
ries. The substitute which is reported from the ,
same committee at this session, differs, 1 believe,
fi^pfu^that bill m only two particulars. The bill 1
or 1$r£t year made a £rant of one million five bun-
dled thousand acre.* toward.-* the construction of
this line. This bill makes a grant of two million
acres, whilst it also requires of the parties who
construct the telegraph to transmit one thousand
words monthly for the use of the Government,
over and above what was required by the bijl of
last year. I think, sir, that these are the only
differences between the bill of last year and the
bill of this year. Now, sir, it is my purpose to
state very briefly what are the provisions of this
bill, what will be the expense of the'work, what
are the grams of the Government, and what the
Government are to receive therefor.
The first section of the substitute reported by
the committee to the Senate grants the right of
way Merest the territoiies of the Government for
the construction of a subterranean telegraph to H.
0. Alden and James Eddy, their associates and
assigns, to be constructed with two lines of wire, in-
sulated in proper substances, to prevent the action
of the frost or the weather thereupon; such wires
as are used on similar telegraphic lines on the con-
tinent of Europe at this time, and which havg
proved practicable and useful. It is a simple
grant of the right of way over the public lands,
leaving to the persons who shall construct the line
the obligation of acquiring from the States through
which it shall pass such State legislation as may
be necessary. Hence I say that the first section
provides simply for a grant of the right of way
over the territories of the United States. It also
provides that the western terminus of tfie line
shall be at San Francisco, and the eastern termin-
us upon the Mississippi or Missouri, at such
point as shall be found most practicable.
The second section provides that the telegraph
shall be constructed of durable materials, with
two lines of conductors, to be placed under the
earth, rock, or water, where the same is practica-
ble, and that, when constructed, itshall have test-
ing tubes at every five miles distant; with work-
ing apparatus arid machinery at distances of one
hundred miles each along the line, with tele-
graphic stations at every hundred miles. This
section also provides that the line shall, at all
} times, be kept m perfect repair by the corporators.
I The third section provides that, after the tele-
! graph shall have been completed by the parties at
! their own expense, they shall transmit, for the use
i of the Government, at the rate of eight thousand
' words per month; and that the right of the Gov-
I ernment shall be prior to the rights of all other per-
] sons in transmitting the eight thousand words per
i month for its use. It further provides, that if
there shall be other or greater facilities required
and demanded by the Government, it shall have
prior and exclusive use of the line for transmuting
whatever else it may demand, at the same rates
which are paid by individuals.
The fourth section regulates the rate of com-
pensation at about twice the price which is charged
upon our ordinary hue?, although the cost of con-
structino- a subterranean telegraph with insulated
wires will be more than three times the expense
of constructing a telegraphic line according to the
ordinary process. Relatively, therefore, taking
into consideration the value of the work, the cost
of its construction, the expenses which it will re-
quire to keep it in operation through a wilderness
country, this is a lower rate, I think, than that
which is usually charged. The price which we
provide for is ten dollars for a;communication of
ten words over this line for about tv/o thousand
miles.
The fifth section provides that the parties shall
at all times keep the line in perfect repair; and
whenever, for the term of six consecutive months,
they shall fail, without adequate cause, (such as
causes arising from sickness, Indian hostilities,
fiood,or some unforeseen accident,) to communi-
cate for the Government, according to the terms
of the bill, then the whole work is to be forfeited
and become the piopeity of the Government.
The sixth section provides that, after the line shall
have been completed by the parties, the use thereof
shall be tendered to the Govei nment for the pur-
pose of transmitting the communications specified
in the provisions to which 1 have alluded. It also
contains a provision that when the Government
has had the telegraphic line tendeied to it, there
shall then be granted to this corporation two mil-
lions of acres of land, to be taken in alternate sec-
tions along the line of telegraph; but the lands are
to he so taken as not to interfere with the location
of any grant made for a railroad either now or
subsequently, and if they shall prove to interfere
with the location of any railroad, then they.shall
be relocated in some of the Territories—not in the
States.
