1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presents, with the
unanimous consent of the House, the following
communication from the War Department:
War. Department, ?
Washington, Dec. 8,1853. )
Sir: Tn pursuance of the act ot Congress of May 1st,
1820, I liave the honor to transmit herewith, a statement of
the appropriations applicable to the service of the War De-
partment for the fiscal year 1852-'53, the amounts drawn
toy requisition from the Treasury during tire same period,
the balances on the 1st July, 1853, and such appropriations
as have been cariied to the surplus fund.
Veiy respectfully, your obedtent servant.
JEFFERSON DAVTS, •
Secretary of War.
Hon. Linn Boyb, Speaker of House of Representatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
ELECTION OF LIBRARIAN FOR THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr. Bayly,) for the election ofa Libra-
rian for the library of the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
98, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Aslys,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. ftaylv, Bail, Barksdale, Barry,
Benson, Bocoek, Boyce, Brooks, Buge, LewisD. Campbell,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chase, Chastain, Chris-
man, Chngman, Colquitt, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker,
Cullom, Gumming, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, East-
man, Edmands, Edmundson, Ethcridge, Ewing, Farley,
Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin, Goode, Aaron Harlan, Samp
son W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hunt,
George W. Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kidwell, Knox, Letcher,
Lyon, McQueen, Matteson, John G. Miller, Milison, Mor-
gan, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Pringle, Puryear,
Reese, Rogers, Ruffin, Sabin, Sage, Shaw, Simmons, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, Geirit Smith, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Alexander H. Snodgrass, Sollers, Stephens,
Tracy, Upham, Wade, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburn, Israel
Washburn, Tappan Wentvvoith, Wheeler, White, Daniel
B. Wright, Yates, and Zolhcoffer—98.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks,
Belcher, Bissell, Bliss, Breckinridge, Churehwell, Clark,
Cobb, Craige, Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddv, Edgerton,
Ellison, English, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Gid-
dings, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J.
Hailan, Hastings, Henn, Hibbard, Hill, Hillyer, Houston,
Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Lillv, Lmdley, Lmdsley, McCul
loch, McDongal, McNair, Mace, Macy, Mauiice, Mavall,
Smith Miller, Mom-on, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds,
Packer, Peck, Peckham, Phelps, Philips, Pratt, Richard-
son, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rabbin's, Russell,
Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Samuel A.
Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H, Stanton, He«tor
L. Stevens, Stratum, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L.Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Vail,
Vansant, Walbridge, Walker, Wairen, Wells, John Weat-
vvorth, Westbrook, and Wright—100.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. GROW. I ask leave of the House to in-
troduce a bill, of which previous notice has been
given, for the purpose of reference, in relation to ]
agriculture.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the State of Maine.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the vote by
which the resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] was rejected, be reconsidered,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I renew it.
Mr. CLING-MAN. The gentleman from New
York voted in the affirmative, and i presume that
it is not now in order for him to make the motion
he has.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the gen-
tleman to do so.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for the purpose of introducing a reso-
lution, of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. FULLER. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call upon States for petitions. Petitions
are in order from the State of Maine.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of J. Clifton be
withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DULLER also moved the reference of
the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs of the last Congress, for the modification of
the compensation of the forward officers of the
Navy, to the Committee on Naval Affairs*, which
was agreed to.
On further motion of Mr. FULLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Jacob McLellan
be withdrawn from the files of the House, and refeired to
the Committee on Commerce.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I now make the motion,
of which I gave notice the other day, that the
rules be amended, so that States will be called
upon for bills and resolutions, instead of petitions,
leaving the petitions to be presented in the cus-
tomary manner. If there be objection to the
motion, I move that the rules be suspended, so
that it may be introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for an ad-
herence to the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I trust that the rules may
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated. I
do not like to be troublesome, but I am convinced
that we will save time, and expedite business, by
the adoption of my amendment to the rules. I
move a suspension of the rules, for the purpose I
have indicated.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman be pleased
to submit his proposition in writing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is as follows: I move to
strike out so much of the rules as requires States
to be called for petitions; leaving that part which
enables us to call for bills and resolutions.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and the Speaker announced eighty-
four voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cltngman
and Churchwell were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported one hundred votes in the affirmative, and
fifty-two in the negative.
Two thirds of the members net having voted in
the affirmative, the motion was lost.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER, Petitions from the State of
Maine are now in order.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, it
was
Ordered, That the bill and papers in behalf of French
Forrest be wilhdrawn from the files of the House, and
leferred to the Committee on Naval affairs.
Also, that the petition and papeis of John R. Bond be
withdrawn from the files of the House, and referred to the
same committee.
Mr. EDMANDS presented the petition of
Esther Scollary, praying for a pension as widow
of a revolutionary soldier.
Also, the petition of Mary Elliot, asking for a
pension as widow of a revolutionary soldier.
Also, the petition of Abigail Brown, asking the
same relief. Referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. THURSTON, it was
Ordered, That the hill and papers in behalf of Andrew
Morse be taken from the files of' the House, and referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island, presented the
petition of Charles H. Robinson, a naval pen-
sioner, asking for an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution, and
upon that I beg leave to say a few words in ex-
planation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
resolution is not in order.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules so as to commence with resolu-
tions where we left off* the other day. If we do
not, some of the States will never be readied.
Mr. JONES. It is very certain that if a mo-
tion to suspend the rules every five minutes is
made, we never shall get through.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this discussion in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have been trying for
a long time to present petitions from my State;
I T Ml   on/1 limit until I
set? how long it will probably be before my State
will be reached under this proceeding, before I
present the motion.
Mr. KITTREDGE presented the petition of
Robert Ham, asking that back pay or pension
money be granted to him; which was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
On motion by Mr. HUGHES, it was
Ordered, That the papers of John W. Cameron be with-
drawn from the files of the House, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions*
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Ordertd, That the papers in the case of Josiah Martin
be withdrawn from the files of the House,and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, '
Mr. CUMMING presented the petition of
John C. Carter, Lieutenant in the United States
Navy, asking for compensation for services as
Acting Purser of the United States steamship
Massachusetts, and moved that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which
motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers on
behalf of the heirs of Thomas Park be withdrawn from
the files of the House, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Also, that the petition and accompanying papers of Doc-
tor Lemuel Hudson, praying for a pension on account of
disability inclined m the military service of the United
States, as a surgeon, during the war of 1812, be withdrawn
from the files of the [louse, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
ANo, that the petition and accompanying papers of Oliver
Brown, graying for a pension on account of disability in-
curred in the military service of the United States, during
thp wai of 1812, be withdrawn from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of New York, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of
Ebenezer Cowes, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the papers of Mary Hopperton, and that
they be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Also, the papers of Gratia Reay, and that they
be referred to the same committee.
Also, a memorial and other papers from the
Medical Association of the United States, for the
purpose of reference to the Superintendent of the
Census.
On motion by Mr. FENTON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the memorial and accompanying papers of the
late Oliver Lee and his legal representatives, ask-
ing payment of a judgment against A. Barker,
Esq., late Collector at Buffalo, New York; and it
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. F. also presented the petition of Charles
Benvels, of New York, asking pay for services in
the war of 1812; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. F. also presented the petition and accom-
panying papers of J. L. Heminger, of New York,
an invalid, asking pay for services in the war of
1812, and it was referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
* Mr. SMITH, of New York, presented the
petition of the New York City Temperance Alii-
i ance, for a law authorizing the authorities of the
j city of Washington to suppress the traffic in in-
| toxicating drinks. I wish to refer it to a select
I committee
- Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to raising select
i committees upon subjects that properly belong to
' local legislation.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. As it gives rise to debate,
of course it goes over under the rules.
1 Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose to debate it.
i The SPEAKER. The petition will then he
! over. . . . . .
I Mr. SMITH presented the petition of citizens
, of Mexico, New York, for a new pension law;
' and it was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
! On motion by Mr. WESTBROOK, it was
; Ordered, That Jeave oe granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of the heirs of Laptam
Frederic Schoonmaker for repayment of moneys ex-
nended m the war ot the Revolution, and that the same be
! referietl to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims.
j SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
! Mr. EWING. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the calling upon States for petitions, and pro-
fko ™11 f<~>r Kills nrnl resolutions?
a long time to present petitions wum . , ^ f bffl and resolutions
but I will withdraw my motion, and wait until i |i ceeu
