1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
If you estimate the value of these lands accord-
ing to the computation of the General Govern-
ment itself, when it fixed the price of a one hun-
dred and sixty acre land warrant at $100, or if
you estimate your public lands at $1 25 an acre,
and take into the account the fact that many of
these lands cannot be brought into the market
for a long period of years—taking either course
as the estimate upon which to place the value
of the land, and then allowing a fund to arise
from it equal to that which the value of the
lands shall be—the service performed by this
company for the Government will be equal to
seven or eight per cent, upon that value. This,
then, is in the nature of a contract with the Gov-
ernment. in consideration of the grant of these
lands, the company covenant and agree with the
Government to perform for it these services,
which will be equal to a compensation of from six
to eight percent, per annum upon such fund as
the lands might produce if sold now, or if esti-
mated upon the same rule that the Government
estimated its lands when it commuted one hundred
and sixty acre land warrants at $100. No grant,
in the nature of a gift, is asked or made—a full
equivalent is made to the Government for all it
contributes.
The language of the bill is as follows:
" That upon the completion of paid line of telegrapi), as
aforesaid, and so soon as tiip farm1 shall he put m success-
ful operation, and the free use thereof, a- iieieinhetore pio
vided, tendered to the Government «>f tin' United States,
then s-hall be issued to said Alden and Eddy, their heirs or
assigns, mexchange arid payment tor thefiee and prioruse
of said line in perpetuity, as aforesaid, land warrant^ for
two millions acivs of land, excluding ult mineral lands,
which they aie hereby authorized to select arid locate as
follows: from and .alter said completion they shall have the
right to select horn any or the public lands aSoiu: and near
said line ol telegraph, not be/ore foIu or appiopriated, any
quantity, not more than a section, and in alternate sections."
The last section simply provides that any dep-
redation committed upon this line of telegraph
shall be taker, to be a malicious trespass, and
shall be punished as such under the laws of
the United States, and that the proper officers
of the adjoining States and Territories shall
have jurisdiction of such offenses. This pro-
vision was drawn before any bill was passed
providing territorial government for the regions
through which the line must be constructed, and
it therefore provides that the proper court in the
adjoining States or Territories shall have jurisdic-
tion over the subject-matter, and shall try and
pnnish all oifenses for willful depredations upon
the property of the company, as thoi^hjrthey
were in the Territory of the United States.
I should have stated at another point that the
bill provides that the line shall be established
within two years.
These, sir, are, simply and plainly, the provis-
ions of this bill. I do not propose to elaborate
them. The committee who reported ithavegiven
to us a very excellent report. They-have gone
into the general uses of the telegraph, the benefits
which the Government will derive from the con-
struction of this line, its commercial importance,
and they have very fairly and very truthfully
stated the uses and benefits which the country and
the people will derive from its construction. The
uses of such a work, which must necessarily,
under any circumstances, precede a railroad for
years, ate obvious, and will readily suggest them-
selves to eveiy mmd. The commercial utility of
such a work, connected with the whaling and com-
mercial intercourse of the Pacific, and connected
wuh what belongs especially to the State of Cal-
ifornia, cannot be doubted or over-estimated.
When we consider what may nece«sanly arise as
to the duty and obligation of the Government in
transmitting messages to its officials upon the
Pacific, we readily perceive that vast sums must
" necessarily be saved to the Government by the
construction of this line; and that which would
be the work almost of months by the slow piog-
ress of steam—for it is slow when compared with
electucity—would be done on the instant; and
messengers, who would be required to be sent
around the Cape or across the Isthmus, will all
he superseded by the Government in the trans-
mission of its dispatches and messages, which are
secured to it by this bill, if the work shall be ex-
ecuted.
These are the principal features of the bill. I
do not propose to elaborate upon them. It is in
the nature of a contract, and is not an act of in-
corporation. It is an express contract that you
will grant this small pittance of land to these per-
sonsand their associates, and thatthey will, in re-
turn, perform for the Government what it is pro-
vided by this hill It seems to me so clear that it
must meet the cordial approval of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator be kind enough
to read the clause of the bill which gives jurisdic-
tion to the adjoining States over offenses com-
mitted within the territories of the United States?
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill was drafted before
any territorial bills had been passed, and conse-
quently, if this telegraphic line had been con-
structed when the bill was drafted, it would have
passed through a wilderness country without terri-
torial organization, and hence this language was
used: " And ail legal process and proceedings for
the detection and punishment of the aforesaid of-
fenses shall be withm thejunsdiction of thecourts,
and shall be issued and executed by the proper
law officers in theadjouu ng States and Territories."
I think it would perhaps be as well to stnke out
that language, and leave the punishment of those
offenses to the territorial judge, as the line will
now pass altogether through the Territories.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill hay been very much
amended, and i will therefore suggest that it he
over until to-morrow and be printed, so that we
may see all the amendments. It is an important
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN". I will move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow morning, and that it be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRO WN. Before the question is taken on
that motion, 1 should like to inquire of my friend
fiom Maine at what time the bill provides for the
completion of the telegraph?
Mr. HAMLIN. Two years.
Mr. BROW N. Two years from the passage of
the bill?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVANS. The bill has been so much
amended, and is in such confusion that I do not
know what its provisions are. I wisn, therefore,
to inquire whether it provides that the grantees
shall have alternate sections of land along the
whole line ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Only to the extent of two
millions of acres.
Mr. EVANS. Where are they to be located ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Along the line.
Mr. EVANS. Suppose the land is not sur-
veyed, what is to become of it?
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill provides that if it is
not surveyed within two years, it shall be taken
in alternate sectiors in territory.
Mr. PRATT. Manifest policy, itseemstome,
requires that we should act upon a subject after it
has been discussed. I think it would be a great
deal better to go through with what is commenced
rather than to postpone it from day to day. Such
a course leads to prolonged debate. It seems to
me that it will always be a great deal better to get
rid of a subject which we have discussed.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood that the sugges-
tion of the Senator fiom Maine was to lay over
the bill until to morrow at half-past twelve o'clock.
Surely, that is not too much time for the examin-
ation of such a hill as this.
Mr. WELLER. \ am perfectly willing my-
self that the bill shall be postponed until to-mor-
row, with the distinct understanding that we are
to act on it at that time. An explanation of the
different provisions of the bill has been made this
morning, for the first time, by the Senator from
Maine. Certainly we desire that the Senate shall
be advised of all the various provisions of the bill
before it is passed by them. We do not require
nor ask hasty action on it. I am wiilmg, there-
fore, to postpone the further consideiation of the
bill until to-morrow, at half past twelve, with the
understanding that its friends will then endeavor
to bring the Senate to a vote upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the question is put
upon the motion to postpone, 1 move to amend the
last section by striking out the words "the ad-
joining States and," so as to leave legal process
and proceeding for the punishment of the offenses
named to be executed and issued by the proper
law officers m the organized Territories.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mi. ADAMS. If it be in order, I should like
to move to amend the motion to postpone by in-
serting "one o'clock" in lieu of " half past
twelve,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
would not he in order.
Mr. BROWN, if by his proposition that this,
bill is to be taken up, and, if possible, disposed of
to-morrow, my friend from California means to
carry it beyond-the morning hour, I wish to say-
now, in time, that I shall object to any such under-
standing. I am willing that half the morning
hour shall be devoted to this bill; but there are
very many important measures which are being
postponed from day to day, while bills like this
are taken up by courtesy to gentlemen. For in-
stance, the indigent insane bill, which all of us
know stands very much m the way of our pro-
gress wii h other bills, has been here now for nearly
three months, and we have not had a vote on it.
Then thete is the homestead bill, and there are
other important bills, whose friends are desirous
to see them acted upon. I wish simply to say to
my friend from California, that if half the morn-
ing hour be devoted to this matter, I do not ob-
ject, but I must object to any understending to
carry it beyond the morning hour, so as to inter-
fere with other business.
Mr- WELLER. I simply desired to notify the
Senate, by the expression which I made, that on
to-morrow the friends of the bill would endeavor
to obtain a vote. Everybody must regard this as
a very important measure, and of course we de-
sire the action of the Senate on it at as early a day
as possible. I said, therefore, that to-morrow,
unless some public reason interfered, the friends
of the bill would uige on the Senate thepropriety
of taking a vote. I do not know whether my
friend from Mississippi is an enemy or a friend to
it. If he is an enemy of the bill, of course his sug-
gestion will have very little weight on my mind;
but if he is in truth and fact in favor of its pas-
sage, then of course I shall feel inclined to do every
thing I can to yield to his personal feelings. But
the Senator has not defined his position, and I fear
that we shall find him opposed to the passage of
the hill. I desire, therefore, to stand entirely un-
committed as to what I shall do to-morrow. " Suf-
ficient unto the day is the evil thereof." I hope
we shall be able to obtain a vote to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I shall be glad if we can take
a vote to-morrow; but what I wished to say was,
that by my silence I did not intend to agree to any
understanding to give this bill precedence over
anything else.
Mr. WELLER. I will pledge myself to my
friend from Mississippi, that I will not press this
bill to a vote to-morrow to the exclusion of more
important business. That ought to be satisfac-
tory—I being the judge, of course, of what are
more important. [Laughter.]
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill to, and make it the special order
for, half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow, was
agreed to.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. STUART. I now wish to ask the Senate
to take up, with a view of disposing of it to-day,
if we can, the bill making a grant of land for the
relief of indigent insane persons, which has been
returned by the President of the United States,
with his objections.
Mr. CLAYTON. We have now on the table
a bill which is the special order immediately after
this shall be disposed of. I refer to the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations
for the more effectual suppression of the slave
trade m American-built vessels, I hope we shall
take up that hill now.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it would be better to
take up the veto message. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] has been here day
after day, desiiiing; to speak on it, and 1 think it is
due to him that he should have an opportunity to
do so.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was understood on Sat-
urday, when the -bill for the suppression of the
slave tra-de was postponed, that it would betaken
up immediately after the special order which has
just been disposed of. That bill is one on which
1 presume theie will be*no debate whatever; fori
suppose, from what f understand, that an arrange-
ment can be made which will supersede the neces-
sity of any debate at all. I hope, therefore, that
we shall adhere to the special order. It cannot
