-m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 12,
The SPEAKER. It would bs in order to
move to suspend the rules for tBe purpose of in-
troducing* such a resolution.
Mr. EWING. Then I more to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing a resolution
-to .postpone the calling of the States for petitions,
until the last Friday of this month, and proceed
at once to call the States for resolutions. By
the course we are now pursuing, we will nev.er
reach a call upon States for resolutions.
The question was takep, and the motion to sus-
pend was not agreed to. "
M. LILLY presented the joint resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, relative to a break-
water at Cape May; and they were referred to
the-Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ROBBINS presented the petition of John
E.Reinhart, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania s asking
Congress for remuneration for revolutionary ser-
vices; and it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. GAMBLE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House tile papers in the ease of James S. Bar-
ker, and that the same be referred to the appiopiiate com-
mittee.
Mr. DRUM-presented the memorial of Presley
M. Kellup, of Indiana county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
sundry citizens of the city of Philadelphia, asking
Congress to grant one hundred and sixty acres of
land to all soldiers of the war of 1812, without re-
gard to length of service; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Anne
W. Butler, of Pennsylvania, praying for com-
pensation for services performed by her late hus-
band, Captain JamesR. Butler; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the ca^e of James A. Dear-
ney, a soldier of tho Mexican war, for a pension;
and that the same be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, presented the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of Yorktown and vicinity,
asking for the erection of a light on or near Yoik
Spit, and bnoys at Taos Marshes; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GOODE presented the petition of the Peters-
burg volunteers, praying for compensation for de-
ficiency of ration and pay in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, it was
Ordered* That the papers in the ca^e of Fmnn.ll and Gia-
liam be withdrawn from the files ot the iiou<-<\ and ih<u the
same be referred to the Comminute on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SHAW presented the petition of Thomas
W. Williams, Bateman O'Neal, George W.
Felcher,and others, praying for the establishment
of a li^ht-house at the Roanoke Marshes; which
gwas referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ORR, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers ituhe case of the hens of
Beatty , and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On' motion by Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw fiom the
files ofthe House the papers mthe ea^e of Elizabeth Barks-
ton, for the purpose of future refeience.
On motion by Mr. CHASTAIN, it was
Oidered, That leave be granted to withdraw ftoin the
files of the House the papers in the case of the Cherokees
residing in States east of the Mississippi, pmymg for
additional nav, per capita, due them under the treaties of
18&> and 1816, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Atfairs.
On motion by Mr. DENT, it was
Ordered, That the papers m the ca«e of Manonh D.
Robogon and Andrew .Smith be withdrawn from the tiles
of tile House, and that the same be referied to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
THE ESTIMATES.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to suspend the order of busi-
ness, so as to allow me to refer to the Committee
on Ways and Means the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting to this House the esti-
mates for 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon an adherence
to the rules. I object to anything being intro-
duced now which is not strictly in orders
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I ask leave of the
House to withdraw from its files the petition of
John Baird, and to have the same referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Leave was granted, and the petition and papers
were so referred.
I also offer a resolution which I desire may be
referred to the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not in order. I ob-
ject to everything out of the regular course.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order to give notice
of a bill under this call?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order under
the call for resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It cannot be in order now.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 merely ask for informa-
tion. I never object to conform to the rules of the
House. T wish at all times to conform to them.
The SPEAKER. It has been usually allowed
that a member may give notice of his intention to
introduce a bill under the call fur petitions; but
there is no rule on the subject, and, if objection
is made, it cannot be allowed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely proposed to give
notice of the introduction of a bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Keep to the rules estab-
lished by the House.
The SPEAKER. This permission has been
usual; but as the Chair has already stated, there
is no rule upon the subject.
m.v. CLINGMAN. I object.
Leave to introduce the bill was therefore not
granted.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DUNBAR gave notice that he would on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, introduce a
bill to remove the obstructions to navigation at
the mouths of the Mississippi river, at the South-
west pass, and at Pass-ou-Loutre.
Also, a bill to establish a navy-yard at New
Orleans, or in its vicinity.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. EDGERTON gave notice that to-morrow,
or on some subsequent day of the present session,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the
State of Ohio the unsold and unappropriated pub-
lic lands remaining in that State.
Also, a bill to provide for the resurvey of cer-
tain townships in the county of Williams, in the
State of Ohio.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. OLDS, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Beverly Stone,
with a view to their reference to the Departments.
On motion by Mr. BLISS, it was
Oide.red, That leave bo giv^n to withdraw from tlie
tiles of the House the petition and accompanying papers of
Charles Aiicot, asking for compensation for the use of jus
patented invention of iion ships by the Government, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on Claims.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would inquire whether,
under the rules this session—I know it was so
last session—gentlemen cannot withdraw petitions
and papers, and refer them to the committees,
without troubling the House?
The SPEAKER. That is so by express rule
of the House, which the Clerk will read for the
information of members.
The Clerk accordingly read a portion of the
24th rule, as follows:
" Members havmg petitions and memorials to present,
may hand them to the Clerk, indorsing the same with their
names, and the reffeienee or disposition to he made thereof;
amf such petitions and memorials shall be entered on the
Journal, subject to the control and direction of the Speaker;
and if any petition or memorial be so handed in, which, in'
the ludgment of the Speaker, is excluded bv the rules, the
same shall be returned to the member from whom it was re-
ceived."
The SPEAKER. Under that rule the practice
has been uniform during my service here, to with-
draw and re-refer any matter introduced at a pre-
ceding session of Congress. The Chair therefore
holds that it is in order so to do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
Speaker, on reflection, will correct that decision.
It has always* I think, been necessary to obtain
the consent of the House to withdraw papers,
and for this obvious reason: gentlemen may come
here, withdraw papers, put them in the hands of
those for whose benefit they were presented, and
then suppressing such as they may find unfavor-
able to the claimants, afterwards bring the balance
in here, and refer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee misapprehends the Chair; the decision of
the Chair was not that members might withdraw
papers for the purpose of sending them to the
Departments, or for any other purpose except to
re-refer them to committees of this House. That
has been the uniform practice.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EWING. I ask leave to present a reso-
lution proposing to amend the Constitution of the
United States as regards the mode of electing the
Piesidentand Vice President.
The joint resolution was read a first and second .
time by its title and referred to the Committee or 
the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 found upon my
table this morning the petition of Amos and J. E,
Kendall, accompanied by a note, requesting that
I would present it to the House, and have it,
together with papers relating to the same subject
on file in the Clerk's office, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. I have not looked into
the petition, and do not know to what subject it
relates; but the House can refer it to the Corn-
; mittee on Indian Affairs,if it see proper,
i # Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to debate that
1 petition.
! Mr. JONES. I thank you for that.
t The SPEAKER. As the gentleman frora
i North Carolina [Mr. Cungman] proposes to de-
i bate the petition, it must go over.
I MEMORIALS.
: Mr. EDGERTON presented the memoria? of
I citizens of Toledo, Ohio, requesting an appropria-
tion for the erection, at that place, of a custom
house and marine hospital; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER presented the memorial
of Wilkins Tanehill and Catherine Stout; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will it be in order
j to introduce a bill of which previous notice has
J been given ?
j The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless by
i unanimous consent.
| Mr. DAVIS. Well, I ask the unanimous con-
j sent of the House to introduce the bill.
| [Several Members objected.]
; Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented the petition
j of Moses Petit, of the State of Indiana, asking for
i relief; which was referred to the Committee on
' Claims
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, presented the
memorial of Mrs. Helen McKay,praying forthe
passage of an act of Congress allowing her the
co-mmissions dueherlate husband, ColoneliEneas
McKay, deputy quartermaster general, for dis-
tributing moneysunder an appropriation <s for pre-
venting: and suppressing Indian hostilities, and so
forth;" which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of William
K. Miller and others, asking the establishment of
certain post routes; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BISSELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of General Sylvester Chureh-
| ill be wnhdiawn from the files of the House, and referred
: to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to give notice of my
intention to introduce a bill.
Mr. PECK. I object.
Mr. LlNDLEY presented the memorial of the
St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Company;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WARREN presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Hampstead county, Arkansas,
praying forthe establishment of a post route from
Washington, in said county,to Magnolia, in Co-
lumbia county, Arkansas.
Mr. W. also presented a petition praying for
the establishment of a post route from Camden,
in Ouachita county, Arkansas, to Magnolia, in
Columbia county, in said State. Referred to trfe
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. CLARK, it was
