1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
consume more than a few minutes, and then we
can take up the veto message.
Mr. STCJART. If the bill of the Senator from
Delaware be first in order on the table, and if it
■will lead to no debate, as he supposes, I am will-
ing to withdraw my motion, so as to allow that
bill to he taken up; but I assure the Senate that
I am exceedingly anxious to dispose of the other
question, for it stands in the way of other busi-
ness.
Mr. CLAYTON-. The gentleman cannot be
more anxious than I am to dispose of the veto
message; but I wish to take up the first bill in
order.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to inquire of the Chair
if the veto message is not first in oider?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
now on the orders of the Senate for consideration
is the bill spoken of by the Senator from Dela-
ware. Immediately after that is the act making
a grant of public lands to the several States of the
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons.
Mr. CASS. I agree with my colleague on this
matter. If the vote can be taken on the bill of
the Senator from Delaware, without discussion, I
have no objection to its being taken up. After
that I shall be in favor of taking up the veto mes-
sage. I believe we ought to have a vote upon
that. Then, for myself, I shall vote against every
proposition to bring other business before the
Senate until the homestead bill be taken up.
Mr. HONTER. I have no objection to taking
up the bill of the Senator from Delaware, if it be
understood that the amendment which is pending
will be withdrawn; but surely he does not sup-
pose that the amendment will be voted on without
debate.
Mr. CLAYTON. I suppose that if the bill
be taken up that amendment will be withdrawn in
the course of a very few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hoes the Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraw his motion ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill for the
more effectual suppression of the slave trade in
American-built vessels, the pending question being
upon the amendment offered on Saturday last by
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pettit] to add the
following additional sections:
Sko, —. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the sum of
$250,000 bo, and is hereby, Ji[ipro|>imh'<K to bo paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropnuted, to
the order of the proper officer of Urn American Coloniza-
tion Society, for tlie year ending 30th June, 1£55, for the
puipose of enabling aiud society to establish a line of
steam vessels? consisting of two learners. Said steamerw
shall each make three tiips within lite year, and, a* near as
possible, at regular interval-:, alternating between the ports
of New York, Haltnnore, Norfolk, Savannah, and Mew
Orleans, and the we*t coan of Atriea, touching at such
place?* us Mid i-ouety .shall (inert
rtp*r\ —. .# </ ho it fluffier enacted, That the Government
of the United Slates shall have the privilege ot tianspoiting
to and from West Allien, the (,'overnment mail.-., and like-
wise the Government stores, each trip.
Hrcc.—. Jind fie it, furt/ier emitted. That ^aid society
shall atm each steamer vvuh one long heavy gun, on a
pivot, and two small gune, and shall man them with a
proper complement of seamen to render efheient service,
under private commissions from the Government, to iepie<s
and cheek slavers on the line ot their voyage between tins
country and the west coast of Africa, and along the line of
 anl coa^t, and on then return voyage t-hall run down said
constat low as Cabarda, and leturn cruising along said
co<iht as high as the Gambia.
Mr. CLAYTON. In regard to that amend-
ment, I have to say that I trust the honorable
Senator who offered it will see the propriety of
withdrawing1 it. X understand, distinctly, that the
Colonization Society has not desired any such
proposition to be moved to this bill. The Colo-
' nization Society has not interferred, in any way,
to amend oralter the bill. In relation to the prop-
osition itself, I wish to say, that if the object of
the honorable Senator he to establish a line of
steamers between this country and Liberia, he will
always find me friendly to a proposition of that
description, if offered in the proper place. I trust
the honorable Senator from Indiana, seeing these
tliing-s, will not be disposed to obstruct the passage
of this measure, which ig a very important one.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, before I sit
down, I shall withdraw proposed amendment;
but, before doing so, it is proper that \ should make
' a very short explanation. I offered this amend-
ment at the instance of the Rev. James Mitchell,
who is the agent of the Colonization Society for
five States in the West—Iowa, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, and Wisconsin—as I understand. He
presented me the paper, requesting me to offer it
as an amendment. I now understand, from the
Senator from Delaware, that the Colonization So-
ciety do not desire it offered to this bill, and, there-
fore, at the suggestion and with the concurrence
of the gentleman at whose instance I offered it, I
withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making a grant
of public lands to the several States of the Union
for the benefit of'the indigent insane persons, which
had been returned by the President of the United
States with his objections.
Mr. BRODIIEAD addressed the Senate in
support of the veto message. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STUART. There are many Senators
not now here who hardly anticipated that a vote
would betaken on this question to-day, and, if
there be no objection, I suggest that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock, or two o'clock, as may
suit the pleasure of the Senate, with the under-
standing that at that time the vote will be taken.
If that be done, I shall then ask the Senate to take
up the next special order, which is the homestead
bill.
Mr. BELL. I should have no objection to that
proposition, but that I should like very much to
see a pretty full attendance of the Senate when
the question is taken.
Mr. HUNTER. There will be then.
Mr. BELL. A number of Senators are not
now m the city, hut are anticipated to be in a few
days. I think, therefore, it would be better to
postpone the time of taking the vote a little longer.
I do not suppose any one desires to discuss it
further.
Mr. STUART. So far as I am concerned, it
is immaterial whether the Senate disposes of it to-
morrow or Monday. I should be entirely willing
to consult the views of the Senate on the subject;
but my desire was to fix a day for taking the vote,
that Senators may be here.
Mr. BELL. 1 should prefer Monday. I do
not know whether any advantage would result
fiom it; but I think we shall be more likely then
to have a large attendance of Senators than to-
morrow.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to it.
Mr. WELLER. I think it would be utterly
impossible to fix a day to suit the convenience of
all the Senators. I have no doubt we shall have
as many in attendance to-morrow as on Monday;
and if there is no gentleman who desires to con-
tinue the debate, I should prefer, individually, to
take the vote to-morrow, m order that we may
proceed with other business, which must necessa-
rily be disposed of, I shall, therefore, move, un-
less the Senator from Michigan makes the motion,
to postpone it until to-morrow. #
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan submits that motion.
Mr. STUART. 1 submitted it with a wish
to get the general understanding of the Senate as
to the time, not to consult my own convenience
at all.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the vote will be taken
to-morrow at one o'clock.
8ever.il Senators. Say two o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, two o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not intend to detain I
the Senate by giving my views at length upon the
bill; but before the vote is taken, I desire to make :
a few remarks upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair (
understands that the motion is to postpone the '
further reconsideration of the bill until to morrow
at two o'clock, with the understanding that the
Senate will then proceed to a vote upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that it had
better probably be postponed until one o'clock .
I understand there are seveial Senators who wish !
to speak a few minutes upon the bill, There are I
at least two. j
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to making I
one o'clock the hour. j
Mr. WELLER. I think, if we postpone it to
two o'clock, we can, by that time, get through
with the bill which we had under consideration
to-day, to provide for the construction of a tele-
graph from the Atlantic to the Pacific. I think
we shall have ample time to dispose of that, if this
bill be postponed until two o'clock. I therefore
prefer that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from California that,
according to the usage of the Senate, when a
question is once up, it cannot be laid aside without
being disposed of in some way by a vote of the
Senate; so that if the bill to which he alludes
should be taken up to-morrow, and it should not
begotten through with by one o'clock, the Senate
will continue considering it, unless a majority
determine otherwise. *
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in what the Chair
has said; but still, if it be the sense of the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the veto mes-
sage, I should not desire to interpose objection to
it. If, however, as suggested by the Senator
from California, we could dispose of the other, it
would be better for us to postpone this until a
later hour—say half past one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. The difficulty I anticipate, if
we postpone this bill beyond one o'clock, is, that
we shall not dispose of it to-morrow, but shall
adjourn before it is acted upon. I am entirely
disposed, as I said, to consult the convenience of
every Senator, if I can; but it seems to me it
would be as well to say one o'clock as the hour to
which we should postpone it; and by that hour, if
we have not got through with the telegraph bill,
it can be postponed until next day, and we shall
succeed in disposing finally of this question to-
morrow.
Mr. CASS. Why not go on with the discus-
sion of this bill now? We must settle it.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from New
Hampshire is disposed to go on to-day, I certainly
shall withdraw my proposition to postpone, and
hear him to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator does notdesire
to go on now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not very particular
about it. I do not propose to discuss the merits
of the bill; but before the vote is taken, I wish to
occupy about twenty minutes.
The motion to postpone until one o'clock to-
morrow was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by him
on Friday last, as follows:
Rewired, That the Senate hereaftermeetatnine o'clock,
a. in,
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike outt( nine"
and insert *' eleven."
Several Senators. Say ten.
Mr. HUNTER. I think eleven would be a
much better hour. It is to be remembered that
the appropriation bills are nearly all to be acted
upon yet. When they come here, they will have
to be referred to the Committee on Finance. A
great deal of labor will be devolved upon that
committee, and it is hardly to be expected that
they can meet and prepare for the action of the
Senate on these bills before nine o'clock in the
morning. We ought to have some time in the
morning to attend to our committee duties; and I
therefore think eleven o'clock will be a much
better hour to appoint. That has been the usual
course heretofore.
Mr. ADAMS. My purposein introducing the
resolution was that we should have morning ses-
sions, which would be more pleasant and agreea-
ble to Senators than our presentevening sessions.
I have no particular choice myself, however. If
it be the general sense of the Senate to strike out
J'nine" and insert " ten," I should have no ob-
jection. To insert " eleven" would not answer
the purpose I had in view in desiringthe morning
session. I only want the sense of the Senate in
reference to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Id esire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Finance a question. Have
you received any of the appropriation bills yet?
Mr. HUNTER. None.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has any come here yet?
Mr. HUNTER. We have acted upon one or
