1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
air
Ordered, That fhe papers of Moore & Ha«call lie with-
drawn from the files of die House, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. COOK! presented memorials of citizens of
Iowa, asking a grant of lands to aid m the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Or motion by Mr. MACY, it was
Ordered, That certain memorials mid petitions asking a
grant of alternate section* of land to the State of Wiscon-
sin, in aid of cenaut cat)roads constructing by the Rock
River Valley (Jmon Company, be withdrawn irom the files
oi the Mouse, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. EASTMAN, it was
Ordered, That th<e petition and papers of James Morri-
son and othere, sureties olG. R. 0. Floyd,late Secretary of
theTernioiy of Wisconsin, fur authority to (he accounting
officers to settle the account of Louts Floyd; and the pen
tion and papets ot A. Fiueh, jr., and eighty-one other citi-
zens of Milwaukie, Wj-eonsin, asking Congress to remit
a fine against Sylvester Peltifeone, lie withdiawn from the
files ot the House, arid referred to the Committee ou the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. EASTMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papersof James B. Estes,
for compensation lor property taken tor the use of troops in
Wisconsin during the Bl.ick Hawk war, in 1833, be with-
drawn Iroru the fries of die House, and referred to the Com
miftee on Claims.
Mr. WELLS presented the petition of J. A.
Lapham, for compensation for services and inform-
ation.furmshed Messrs. Poster and Whitney, and
Mr. Owens, m making geological surveys of
Wisconsin, Michigan, iowa, and Minnesota, and
also the letter of Charles Whittlesey on the same
subject, and moved their reference to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I would ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to intro-
duce a tesuiutioti.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. LANE. It will be a long time before Ore-
gon is again called, and I would be very much
obliged if the gentleman making objection would
withdraw it and let me introduce the resolution I
have in my hand.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is no person 1
would oblige sooner than my honorable friend,
the Delegate from Oregon; but i attempted, during
the whole of the last Congress, to intioduce a bill
out of order, and it was uniformly objected to. I
must persist in my objection.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call for re-
ports from the committees of the House.
Mr. DExlN. 1 move to suspend the rule call-
ing for reports from committees, as there can be
no reports ready.
Mi. RICH A RDSON. Let the call go on. We
will consume more time in suspending the rule
than it would take to go through with the call for
reports from committees.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my motion.
The call upon committees for reports was then
gonethrougk with.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER announced that resolutions
were now in order; and proceeded to call the States,
beginning with Virginia.
The State of North Carolina having been
called—
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I now make
a motion, which I attempted to make half an hour
ago. I assure the House that I would not have
renewed it, if I did not apprehend that there is
a large majority in favor of the movement—I
mean as to the 24th rule of the House, of March,
3842. I would not occupy the time of the House
by discussing it, were there not several members
here who have not yet had time to read the rules,
and many of whom do not know the effect of my ,
motion, I hope they will give me attention for a j
single minute. At the time when this standing ■
rule—by which States were called for petitions— j
was adopted, it was necessary, because that was j
the only mode by which members could get in a !
petition. It was found, however, that a great deal j
of time was occupied in this way; as gentlemen
would rise in their places, propose to debate the
resolution, and it would go over indefinitely. No
one of these resolutions have ever been reached in
my time in Congress. No resolution which a gen-
tleman should propose tu debate, as, in the case of
the petitions of the gentleman from Tennessee 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from North Carolina has no petition to debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Speaker stated that
it would go over, and probably it never will be
reached. Owing to these difficulties, the rules
were amended, and it was provided that petitions
to be introduced might be handed to the Clerk, the
member presenting it indorsingon the back of it
the committee to which he wished it referred. AH
our business was done in this way for years. I
make the motion for this reason, that under the
present system, during the last Congress, it was
utterly useless to present any petition. Thirty
days were consumed in calling the States for pe-
titions; and at the end of that time they began to
call the committees for reports. These commit-
tees began to report, and did not finish till the end
of the session; and although we sat here for nine
months, there never was an hour when a member
of this House could introduce a resolution or bili^
in order. We should not have got along at all,
but for the fact that the Committee on Ways and
Means, and some other committees, frequently
obtained the general consent of the House to make
motions out of order, and in this way the busi-
ness was carried forward. The short session
came on, and I, and many others, were waiting
for an opportunity to introduce bills; but it never
came; and thus we passed through the whole of
last Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, t rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman has done for this
resolution what he did for the resolution which I
found on my table: it goes over.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it that the rule does
not apply to a resolution. If so, then I move the
previous question.
Mr. COBB. All this debate is out of order. '
The SPEAKER read the rule, as follows:
"24. Petitions, memonal-*, and oilier papns addressed
to the House, shall he presented by the speaker, or by a j
member in lus placc ; a brief statement of the contents :
Thereof shai! be made verbally by the Introducer; they |
shall not be debated on the veiy day of then being present- j
ed ; nor on any day assigned by the House for tiie receipt ;
of petitions after the fir*t thirty days of the session, unless I
where the House shall direct otherwise, but shall he on the |
table, to be taken up in the order in winch they were pre- i
sented. Members having petitions and memonals to pre- j
sent may hand them to the Cleik, indorsing the same with ;
their name*!, and the reference or disposition to be made I
thereof; and such petitions and memonals shall be entered j
on the Journal, subject to the control and dnection of the i
Speaker; and lfany petition or me.moiutl he so handed m, |
wlneh, in the judgment of the Speakei, is excluded bv the ;
rules the same shall be returned to the member from whom I
it was received.1' ]
The SPEAKER. After the States have been I
called for petitions, and the committees for re- i
ports, resolutions shall then be called for, in the <
same order, and be disposed of by the same
rules, as apply to petitions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was aware of that
rule. I will move the previous question upon my
motion.
A voice. It is too late.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have the right to call
for the pre\ ions question.
The SPEAKER. If a gentleman rises in his 1
place, offers a resolution, and demands the pre-:
vious question, he can have a vote ujion it, if the
previous question is ordered. But if he indulge
first in debate, and it is then objected to, the :
Chair thinks the resolution must go over. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 indulged m remarks, as !
I understood, by unanimous consent; and I have
the right now to move the previous question. '
Mi\ JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman 1
certainly had no right to make a speech; and j
having made it, he cannot move the previous ,
question.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been for a ,
member to rise in his place, offer a resolution,
and demand the previous question, which cuts off ;
debate. But the gentleman from North Carolina '
[Mr. Ci.itfGMAvj has indulged in debate, and for
that reason the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jokes] objects; and the Chair thinks the resolu-
tion must go over.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit to the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee obtained the floor, made the objection to
stop debate, and, under the rule, the resolution
must go over. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina was deprived of the floor by the objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have at least illustrated
the operation of the rule, and will accomplish m f
object in some other way.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot the matter
be reached by a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is competent to submit a
motion to suspend the rules. •
Mr. SMITH, Then 1 make that motion, in
order to introduce the resolution of the gentleman
from North Carolina.
The question was taken on the motion, and
there were, upon a division—ayes 118, noes 124;
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof,
Mr. CLTNGMAN, My motion is to strike
out so much of the rule as requires the States to
be called over every day for petitions. That being
stricken out 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman reduce
his proposition to writing?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do it; but my mo-
tion is simple.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House
only suspended the rule to entertain the proposi-
tion. According to the I36th rule, the'rules can-
not be changed except by notice previously given.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. Notice has been given in
this particular case by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cmngman.]
Mr. STEPHENS. Notice of this very propo-
sition ?
The SPEAKER. Precisely this proposition,
Mr. CLINGMAN, My motion is to strike
out so much of the existing rule as provides for
the calling upon States for petitions. There are
two clauses in the rule. One clause provides for
calling upon the States for petitions, within the
first thirty days, and the other upon alternate
Mondays. The rule then stands in this way:
That committees may be called upon for re-
ports, and then the States may be called upon for
resolutions and bills. 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentleman
from North Carolina propose by his resolution
to strike out of the rules everything which author-
izes the calling upon States for petitions, not only
for the first thirty days of the session, but for the
alternate Mondays, during the remainder of the
session ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will modify my motion
so as to leave Mondays out, because they will be
taken up with motions for suspension of the rules.
Mr RICHARDSON. 1 hope the gentleman
from North Carolina will include Mondays, as
well as the first thirty days.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion, and desire to have my motion apply to both.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cling-
man's resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
motion by which the resolution was agreed to,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. COBB. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given.
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has notice been
given of the bill ?
Mr. COBB. Notice has been long since given.
Mr. JONES. It has been the uniform practice
to introduce bills of which notice has been given.
That has been the construction of the rules and
the practice of the House.
Mr. COBB. I insist upon the right.
Rule 114, hearing upon the question, was then
read by the Clerk, as follows:
'* Eveiv bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or bv motion for leave. In the latter case, at least
one dav's nonce shall be given of the motion m the House,
or bv fihn  a memorandum thereof with the Clerk, ana
hnvi'n- it entered on the Journal; and the motion shall be
made "and the bill introduced, if leave is given, when reso-
lutions arc called for: eucb motion, or the bill when intro-
duced, maybe committed."
The SPEAKER. It hag been the uniform
practice of the House, when States are called upon
for resolutions, to receive bills of which previous
