1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
assertion has not been disputed—nearly fifty times
as much water as has ever been calculated by any
engineer for any population in the world. Accord-
ing to the statement of Colonel Hughes, in his re-
port, thirty gallons per day is as much as has ever
been calculated for every man, woman, and child
in a city.
Mr. VANSANT. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I would ask him whether Philadelphia,
New York, and Boston do not each consume a
greater quantity of water daily than that indicated ?
Also, whether Philadelphia does not consume, by
the report of 1852, thirty-eight wine gallons of
water for each inhabitant, whether Boston does
not consume fifty-eight gallons daily for each in-
habitant, and whether New York does not con-
sume daily, for a greater part of the season, ninety
gallons for each inhabitant?
Mr. STANTON. Suppose the gentleman's
statement to be correct. It is unquestionably true
that in this case the water is to be applied to
manufacturing purposes. It is unquestionably
true that in this case the engineer proposes to
bring sixty-seven millions gallons of water into
the city, and to use a large proportion of it for
manufacturing purposes. Then here the Gov-
ernment of the United States proposes to bring
into the city of Washington, with a population
of forty-five thousand inhabitants, sixty-seven
millions gallons of water daily at a cost of
$2,300,pOO, three fourths of which water is, for
fifty years to come, to be used for manufacturing
purposes.
Now, this amendment says that it is for the
Government only; but something has been said
in reference to a changeof plan. Now, I wish to
call your attention, Mr. Chairman, and the atten-
tion of the committee, to the fact that since the
commencement of the present Administration,
or rather since the transfer of the public works to
the hands ofthe War Department, the law has been
violated in reference to the work on the Capitol.
The plan adopted by the President of the United
States has been, without authority oflaw, altered,
at an additional expense of half a million of dol-
lars.
Mr. CRAIGE. I have heard this statement
time and time again. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee say how the law has been violated? I
say it has not been violated.
. Mr. STANTON. I will tell the gentleman how.
X say that the letter and spirit of the law has been
violated. The law in the first instance appropri-
ated a certain amount of money to be expended
upon the wings of the Capitol according to such
plan as might be adopted by the President. Pres-
ident Fillmore, after consulting with the Com-
mittees on Public Buildings in both Houses of
Congress, for many months together, adopted a
plan, and after the work was transferred to the
War Department, and placed under its control,
the Secretary of War and his engineers altered
the plan 
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise to a question
of order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether,
under the rules of the House, the gentleman from
Tennessee is not bound to discuss the proposition
now pending ?
Mr. STANTON. I am discussing that prop-
osition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
point of order made by the gentleman from In-
diana is well taken, and he does not think that a
discussiun with reference to the wings of the Cap-
itol is in order, when the amendment pending re-
lates to works for supplying Washington with
water.
Mr. STANTON. I am discussing the prop-
osition to change the plan and adopt a cheaper one
for bringing water into the city of Washington.
I say that if the President, without authority of
law, can alter the plan with referehce to the Cap-
itol, Congress, by authority of law, can alter and
abolish an extravagant and outrageous proposi-
tion to bring ten times as much water into the city
of Washington as is needed, at a cost of three or
four times the amount at which it can be done.
I say that the Congress of the United States can
do that by authority oflaw, which the President,
without authority of law, has done.
Mr. CRAIGE. The gentleman from Tennes-
see labors under great misapprehension with re-
gard to a change of plan by the President." I have
heard that assertion over and over again. It is
not true that the President ever adopted any par-
ticular plan for the Capitol wings at all. It is
true that a drawing was submitted 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. 1 would ask
the gentleman from Virginia, if he will not modify
his amendment by adding after the words " re-
sponsible persons" the following: "good and suffi-
cient sureties."
Mr. SMITH. I will accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from New York; and
I propose to modify still further by adding at the
eiifl the following':
J3nd 'provided further, That twenty per cent, on the
estimate of the work done on each contract, shall be re-
tained till the completion of the contract.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to move now to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Vifgmia?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at this stage of the
question.
* Mr. SEWARD. 1 want to move to strikeout
the words stating what is the true lntftt and mean-
ing of the act of Congress under which the plan
was adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. That would be having an
amendment in the third degree.
Mr. SEWARD. This is the manner in which
I propose to amend the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN,(interrupting.) The gentle-
man from tieorgia will perceive that there would
be no end to amendments, if this weie received,
as some other gentleman might propose to amend
his amendment before acting on it.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment to the amendment; and It was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Ciiandebb's
amendment, as amended.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If in order,
I move to reduce the original appropriation
$300,000) so as to enable me to make a few re-
marks. I simply desire an opportunity to defend
the positions which 1 have heretofore taken in re-
gard to this work. All I have said heretofore in
1 elation to the estimates, was based upon acntical
examination of the report of the engineer, and
did not rest, as the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Craxge] seems to suppose, upon mere
conjecture or outside rumors. 1 listen to no out-
side rumors in reference to this matter, because I
have had before me all the facts and figures neces-
sary to enable me to make up my own judgment;
and I think I understand them without the aid of
outsiders. Nor am I the advocate of what the
gentleman calls outside projects. All I have said on
this subject has been in reference to plans and pro-
jects presented by the officers of Government.
I have said that these estimates are false and
delusive; and if the appropriation is made under
the conviction that they are accurate, and that the
work can be done in a substantial manner for the
amount, this House and the country will be
wofully deceived. In a five minute speech it is
impossible for me to explain them fully, so as to
show in what particulars they fall short of the
sum which must be expended. But I can. point
out a few: Captain Meigs, for instance, proposes
to construct fiom the dam across the Potomac a
brick conduit three fourths of a mile long. Here
are his figures:
2,985 feet lineal, 9 inches thick.
94(i feet lineal, 14 bricks thick.
3,931—three-fourths of a mile.
Now, we are given to understand that this part
of the conduit will at times be "twenty feet under
water," in consequence of the great floods which
take place every year at that point. This comes
from Captain Meigs's report, not from outsiders.
It is his own language, not mine. This brick
tube is not to rest upon solid masonry, and cov-
ered over with stone work firmly and solidly built
for its protection, but is to lie in a trench dug in
the earth, and only covered over with loose earth
and rock. It will be nine feet in diameter, and
not more than one and a half bricks thick. There
is no estimate, not one cent, for a foundation and
masonry for the support and protection of this
conduit. No, sir, none. To make the conduit
secure, to protect it from destruction by the im-
mense floods rising twenty feet above it, and
bringing down with the torrent huge trees and
rocks, not one cent of expenditure is estimated for.
If gentlemen will take the trouble to look at the
report of Captain Meigs 
Mr. TAYLOR. What page ?
Mr. STANTON. Page 25. If they will look
at this report, they will see that he speaks of the
floods rising twenty feet above this conduit, and
see also, by his estimates, that he has omitted to
estimate for at least three fourths of the work
which will be required at this point. The Croton
aqueduct rests upon and is covered up for its pro-
tection with solid masonry. It would not other-
wise have lasted a single year. But one of the
city papers, feeling the force of this omission, has
attempted to justify it, by referring to the Boston
aqueduct, which, it is alleged, was laid in a trench
dug in the earth, and covered up in the manner
proposed by Captain Meigs for the Washington
aqueduct. In the first place, the Boston aqueduct
is a small affair compared with the one projected
by Captain Meigs. It is only six feet by four,
while this is nine feet, and the one is only about
a third as large as the'other. In the second place,
the conduit was only laid on the earth in some
places, and was sustained and protected by
masonry in others. But I have before me a de-
scription of this work, printed in Boston, which
says that laying the conduit on the earth wa? but
an experiment, which has pioved unsatisfactory.
The aqueduct leaks, and is cracked in places, in
consequence of this experiment. Captain Meigs
is unfortunate in the adoption of plans which
have failed and exploded before he took them up,
as may be seen in the plan for the ventilation of
the Halls of Congress, as well as in this of the
aqueduct. But it is useless to dwell further upon
this point. If the work goes on, there must be a
great expenditure of money not estimated for, or
the structure will not stand a single year.
Captain Meigs's estimate for the brick work of
the conduit is $4 50 per running foot. It is based
upon a calculation that the brick can be laid in
the conduit at §14 per thousand, including every
expense—the bricks, cement, lime, sand, &c.
Now, he has contracted for forty millions of
bricks, at $8 75 per thousand. This leaves $5 25
for all other expenses—laying the bricks, furnish-
ing cement, sand 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to say a word. I was very
anxious to have some data upon which these esti-
mates of Captain Meigs's may be tested. I was
very much in hopes thatmy friend from Kentucky,
who has just taken his seat, and who is not in-
fluenced by any outside plans, would have fur-
nished such data. But, sir, instead of doing that,
he spent his whole five minutes in reference to the
plan of Captain Meigs.
The only reason he gives for doubting the cor-
rectness of those estimates is, that he allows only
$4 50 or $5 for brick woik, when the cost would
be $14 per thousand. The gentleman says, too,
that he pays §8 81 per thousand for the bricks.
Why, sir, the reason for that, as he very well
knows, is stated by Captain Meigs himself—that
the contractor who agreed to furnish them for
$5 88 failed to carry out his contract.
Then the gentleman speaks about the protection
Captain Meigs proposes for the conduit. Why,
sir, that is not the conduit that is to bring the
water to Washington at all. It is merely the
one that is to be placed at the head of the work in
order that it may not he flooded at the start.
Mr. TAYLOR. I must interrupt the gentle-
man. I wish to say a few words upon the sub-
ject myself. If we had not an official report be-
fore us, I confess that the good sense, the expe-
rience of the gentleman from Kentucky, and the
attention he has given to this subject, would di-
vert me from my support of this truly great
national work, for such I consider it. He is a gen-
tleman of great experience, and understands a great
deal about this kind of business. But, sir, there
are other men of experience. General Totten, the
Chief Engineer of the United States Army, is a
man who, as an engineer, has no superior in this
country, and, perhaps, none in any other country.
He is a man of unimpeachable reputation, and
yet he in every way confirms the report of Captain
Meigs, made to Congress in 1853.
Sir, all these representations that this work is
to cost five or six millions are delusive and imagin-
