1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
election of Don Jose Manuel Gallegos, which
I desire to present, ant! have referred/to the Com-
mittee on Elections. . /
It was so ordered. V
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND
MEANS.
Mr. HOUSTON the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means reported the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Moans be
autfiouzed to employ a clerk, at a compensauon llot 10
exceed £1,500 per annum.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman ll' the salary proposed to be given
to the clerk is the usual compensation allowed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, th^ usual
compensation allowed to the clerks of commit-
tees is four dollars per day, which, if the office
were a permanent one, would amount to about
§1,500 per annum. The Committee of Ways and
Means, in looking at this subject this morning,
and in view of the character of the business which
will necessarily come up for action before that
committee during this session of Congress, have
determined, that it would not only aid them very
much, and aid the House very much in the ad-
vancement of their business, but it would be of
service to the country generally, if for the present,
at all events, the office of clerk was made perma-
nent; and that he should receive a salary com-
mensurate with the salary heretofore given. It
is known to the House that the Committee of
Ways and Means have had a clerk all the time,
for perhaps the last quarter of a century; and 1
will say here, that it is impossible for any num-
ber of gentlemen to transact all the business
properly coming before that committee, without
the, services of a permanent and efficient clerk.
The only change we propose here, is to make
this a permanent office, and give a compensation
proportionate to that usually given to clerks of
committees. And the object of this is, that a
clerk may be employed by this committee who
will give the duties and business of the committee
his entire and undivided attention; and that he
may prepare all the tables and statistics, or aid
the committee in doing so, which may be neces-
sary to investigate and elucidate all the subjects to
come before them, not only connected with the
appropriation bills, but with the consideration and
modification of the tariff, which, in all likelihood,
will be before that committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, my object
in making the inquiry was to get the information
which the gentleman "has given. It is most cer-
tainly a very fair showing; but still I am opposed
to creating any more of those permanent offices.
You may put m this man, and you may not be
able to put him out. I do not know whether the
resolution provides for the removal of hiin or not,
if lie should prove to be inefficient or troublesome.
By giving these clerks to committees four dollars
per day, there can be no such difficulty. No
doubt the gentleman will agree with me that here-
tofore the committees have got competent officers.
I would, therefore, rather not extend the number
of permanent offices; and I hope the resolution in
this shape will not be adopted; because, if sve be-
gin that system of making the clerkship to the
Committee on Ways and Means permanent, we
will have to go on and elect clerks for other com-
mittees; and thus we will get into office a number
of men whom we will find it troublesomeand hard
to get rid of. I think that the old system is a
better one. Just let the committees employ such
clerks as they require, and pay them four dollars
a day for (heir services.
Mr. HOUSTON". My friend fromNorth Car-
olina does not seem to understand the resolution
I have offered. It is simply to give authority to
the Committee on Ways and Means to employ a
clerk, at a salary not exceeding that usually given.
Of course the clerk will be entirely under the con-
trol of the committee, and can be turned out
at any time. The object of the resolution is to
meet the exigencies of the present occasion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My reply was to the
speech of the gentleman. I understood him to
say that the object was to create this clerkship a
permanent office. I hope the resolution will be
amended, so as to appoint the clerks as hereto-
fore. We have got along very well with them in
this way; I am disposed, therefore, to make a
motion to amend the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One great reason
for making this clerkship a permanent office—and
if the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] had ever served upon that committee, and
had seen, or had been conversant with the duties
and qualifications required of that clerk, he would
know it—is that we cannot pick up in this city,
merely for a session of Congress, to be discharged
at the end of it, a competent clefk at ail times to
perform the duties appertaining to a clerkship to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ifthe gentleman will allow
me, I wish to ask him a question, whether the
clerk employed for that purpose during the last
session of Congress was not a competent one,
and cannot the committee again get him, or some
one equally competent?
Mr. JONES. He was competent; and I ven-
ture to say as competent as any man within this
city, or as any member of this House. He was
employed as a clerk in the Treasury Department;
and the First Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr.
Whittlesey, bore testimony, in letters, to the faith-
fulness, efficiency, promptitude, and dispatch with
which he there discharged his duties, and kept up
his desk, to the entire satisfaction of that office;
while, at the same time, he performed the duties
which devolved upon him as theclerkof the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will not he do the same
thing again ?
Mr. JONES. That committee could not have
got him for a per diem of four dollars, as they did
during the session, if he had been compelled to
leave the Department at the other end of the
Avenue to perform those services here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Could he not be obtained
upon the*$ame terms now?
Mr. JONES. I do not know how that is. It
will be recollected by those who were here at the
close of the last session of Congress that gentle-
men brought up the complaint that he was per-
forming the duties and receiving the pay of two
offices, and on that account it was that Mr. Whit-
tlesey wrote the letters, setting forth that he had
performed all the duties and all the services of his
office, and had kept up his desk to the entire sat-
isfaction of that Department.
It is necessary, if we want an officer who
is competent to discharge the duties of clerk to
the committee, and if we want the duties dis-
chaiged faithfully, that we should sometimes have
a clerk here before the assembling of Congress,
when the estimates are made up in the Depart
ments, that he may prepare the bills, so that
we may comply with the rule, as far us possible,
in relation to reporting all the appropriation bills
within the first thirty days of the session. You
have a permanent clerk to the Committee on
Claims, a very important one, but perhaps, not
so important as a clerk to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
The matter is in the hands of the House, and
it is for them to dispose of it; and m that disposi-
tion, of course, 1 shall acquiesce.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There are sev-
eial committees of the House now having per-
manent clerks, and [ do not find that any dissatis-
faction has arisen as to those clerks. There is
much morere9Son why the clerk to the Committee
on Ways and Means should be permanent, than
there is that the cierk to the Committee on Claims
should be. Several of the subordinate clerks hold
their offices during the year. The requisite quali-
fications could not be commanded tor the four
d ollars per diem, especially during the short session.
So think the committee unanimously; so 1 think
the House will consider it.
The clerkship to that committee requires more
preparation than that of any other conimntee.
1 As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr Jones]
remarked, it would be impossible during the short
session of ninety days, to get a gentleman of the
requisite qualifications to serve for the per diem.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to inquire whether,
at the last short session, they did not employ this
identical man ?
Mr. STEPHENS. They did; but there was
complaint made, on the part of the House, against
paying him for holding two offices. This gentle-
man did perform his duties as cierk of the com-
mittee, and kept up his desk m the Treasury De-
partment. There was a clamor raised against it, nnd
a law was passed at the last Congress that no man
should receive compensation for holding two
offices at the same time. It is very possible that
the House wilt permit the Committee on Ways
and Means to employ Cochran upon the safr 
terms; but it is against the law, as there was a
statute passed at the last session of Congress pro-
hibiting the holding of two officesr by the same in-
dividual. Perhaps he would be perfectly willing
to serve the House at four dollars a day, and keep
up his desk in the Department; and perhaps we .
could not get a man of capacity who could dis-
charge the duties of two offices.
Mr. CUNGMAN. I have no right to hoM
the floor again; but I wish to ask my friend from
Georgia whether the fact that one man could per-
form the duties of two offices is not rather a
reason for diminishing than increasing the num-
ber of officers; and whether, during vacation, the
immense number of clerks which vtp have to fur-
nish the estimates, cannot do that work without
our making an additional, standing clerk, daring
the vacation, to aid the Department in furnishing
the estimates?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will answer the gentle-
man from North Carolina. The gentleman opens
a new question; because one gentleman has quali-
fications and industry to perform the duties of
Mr. Cochran, whether we should not reduce the
number of offices in the Government? 1 do not
wish to open that question. It is sufficient to
say that Mr. Cochran in the short session did
keep up his duties as Clerk of the Ways and
Means, and did the duties of his desk in the De-
partment; but it was an amount of labor which we
cannot often command. We can seldom find an
individual who will discharge these duties as well.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, in this con-
nection, that a large proportion of the labor per-
formed by Mr. Cochran was performed out of
office hours, late at night. Almost every night,
for a month at a time, Mr. Cochran was engaged
in performing the duties of one or the other of
his offices, until twelve or one o'clock at night.
He was up in the morning by sunrise, and en-
gaged at his desk, and that is the way he kept
up the work in both offices.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask a further
question. The resolution is very indefinite. Do
I understand that this gentleman shall be dis-
charged from the duties of the other office?
Mr. STEPHENS. The resolution simply con-
templates that the committee shall have authority
to employ a clerk; but it does not contemplate
that we shall elect Mr. Cochran. That is
another question. The question that this House
is asked to decide, is simply whether it is proper
and right, that the Committee on Ways and Means
shall have a clerk? Because Mr. Cochran may
have worked late at night during the last session
of Congress, or would be willing to do so this
session—work sixteen hours, and get double the
salary—is no reason why this House should im-
pose this duty upon that gentleman.
Is the work that comes before that committee of
such a character as should command a man of
talent at §1,500 salary r If it is, let the Committee
of Ways and Means have such clerk. If it is
I not, let them pay $4 a day. The House is per-
I fectly satisfied that we cannot command a clerk,
I with the necessary talents and qualifications, for
$4 a day. Is it right that the committee should
have a clerk with the necessary qualifications to
perform the duties of the Committee on Ways,
and Means during the vacation, or that this com-
mittee should hold office during the interval ? I do
not wish to detain the House with further re-
marks.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I move to amend the
resolution by authorizing the Committee on Ways
and Means to employ Mr. Cochran at the usual
rate of compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that
amendment will not be made. Mr. Cochran
would then be appointed by the House, and the
committee would have no control over their own
Cl<Mr. CHURCHWELL. I do not propose
that the House shall appoint him; I only propose
to authorize the Committee on Ways and Means
to employ him.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, that will be the effect
of the gentleman's amendment.
