1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
but how happens it, if Captain Meigs is so reli-
able and so infallible, that the Secretary corrects
his errors, and places a different amount of cost
upon the aqueduct? Sir, the estimates of the en-
gineer are worthless; they are not to be depended
upon; and if I had time to take them up and ex-
pose them critically, I could demonstrate it to the ;
satisfaction of every'man in this House
The length of the conduit, this side of the piece
at the Great Falls, and outside of the tunnels, is
fifty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy-one
feet, or eleven miles and one quarter. It will be
a brick tube, nine feet m diameter, and one and a
half bricks thick. In many places it will be sup-
ported, where it crosses ravines, by embankments
of earth—nothing else. The engineer will make
the embankment, and, in that embankment of
earth, dig a trench in which to rest the conduit.
It will be protected by a covering of earih; and
who is stupid enough to suppose that it will stand
under such circumstances? The settling of the
embankment will break it; the washing of the
rains and floods will expose it 
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. CHANDLER, i have but a very few
words to offer to the committee on this auhject,as
3 am very anxious to come to a vote on the ques-
tion. 1 desire to answer the remarks of the gen*
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] but not
wall calculations. The Secretai v of Wai, it would
seem, has entered into a comparison between the
co«r of laying bricks hereon the wmgsof the Cap-
itol and laying bricks in trenches on the proposed
aqueduct. If any man with an eye and with any
kind of discernment, will look out of the window,
he will see that the bricks here are laid in all kinds
of ginger-bread woik on arches, &c., which of
course must be more expensive than laying them
simply on trenches.
Mr. STANTON. Allow me to say, that there
is no difference nt Captain Meigs's estimate be-
tween the cost of laying the'bnck on the plain
ti enches, and that of laying it on the arches—they
are all imhes.
Mr. CHANDLER. In laying the brick on
the^e arches every brick bus to be cut arid whit-
tled into shape to make it correspond with the
form on winch it is to rest, resulting five times
the W'ii k to lay them that it would to drop the
bti< k into the aich through which the water is to
run.
Let me say, in regard to these estimates, that
they are based upon the calculations of engineers.
The worst part of the work has been done, and so
far it has cost less than the estimates. In them
all allowances have been made by the engineeis,
exceeding the necessities of the case. AH the cal-
culations for the.simple excavation of the eaith
and the !nyin  of bucks are comprised in a for-
mula as simple and accuiate as the multiplication
table itself There is no part of practical naviga-
tion or suiveying which is more simple, more
reduced to rules and foimula than the calculations
for this work, and the youngest engineer who has
been in the service only six or eight mouths,
would be scouted at if he could not make ihese
<ulculntions so near that they would come within
the real cost of the work. It is a matter which is
pei feetly easy of calculation.
] could dwell upon this matter for a longer
time, hut the committee is anxious to vote upon
the subject, an'd I need only ask the committee to
vote upon it, with the facts which have been
placed before them.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
M r. VANS A NT. I am disinclined to take up
the time of this committee; but the committee
will, I am sure, pardon me, inasmuch as I have
not consumed much of the time of the House
this session. I offer to amend the pending amend-
ment by increasing; the amount §100 000.
I have been, like the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] somewhat familiar
with this subject, theoretically, at least. It be-
came my duty, upon a former occasion, to exam-
ine cri'ically the estimates made in reference to
the intiodncuon of wafer into this city; and since
1 have had the honor of a seat upon this floor, I
hove compared the estimates of Captain Meigs
with the estimates made by other engineers, and
1 find, in nearly e\ ery instance, that the estimates
of Captain Meigs have overreached those made
by any other engineer who has ever madesurveys
in the Qnited States for similar works.
Now, if the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky was disposed to be cntic&l, he might well
have criticised the report of his favorite,-Colonel
Hughes, a gentleman whom no one more esteems
than I do, who admits, m his report on the intro-
duction of water from Rock Creek, that he would
have to make a tunnel of one thousand feetthrough
hard rock, near the residence of the late Russian
Minister, in Georgetown, and yet, m his report,he
makes no sort of estimate for the expenses of that
tunnel. And he places the cost of making rock
excavation, in general, eighty seven and a half
cents per cubic yard, which is fifty per cent, less
than that which has been estimated by other en-
gineers for similar work.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky, in
comparing the estimates of Colonel Hughes with
those of Captain Meigs, for the purpose of show-
II ing that water might be introduced, according to
!' the plan of the former, at less than one fourth of
i the sum which the latter estimated for conveying
! water from the Great Kails, failed to inform this
!j committee that Colonel Hughes made no estimate
| for laying down mains to the public buildings,
; whilst Captain Meigs estimates the cost of mains
and stop cocks at $5290,000.
Corroborative of the declaration I have made,
, that the estimates of Captain Meigs are liberal,
I 1 have compared those estimates with estimates
j[ for similar work made by distinguished engineeis.
; John J. Jervis and Walter R Johnson, who sur-
j! veyed the route and made estimates for introdu-
cing the water of Lak^Cochituate into Boston,
e-timate the excavation of earth lor the line of
aqueduct, &c., at prices varying from twelve to
twenty cents per cubic yard. Colonel Hughes's
estimate is from fifteen to sixteen cents. Mr.
Slade, who was employed m the construction of
the Boston and the Albany woiks in the capacity
of engineer, and who made surveys and estimates
for intioducing water into Baltimore, estimates
the same kind of excavation at twenty cents.
The estimates ol'Captam Meigs vary from twenty
to thirty-three cents per cubic yard. For excava-
tion of rock in open cuts, Mr. Slade estimates at
$2 per cubic yaid; Messrs Jarvis and Johnson
at $1 50 and 75; Colonel Hughes at 87g cents,
arid Captain Meigs from $1 50 to $2, per cubic
yard. For excavation of rock m tunnel, Mr.
Slade bused his estimate upon the cost of the
Boston tunnels, $15 per cubic yard. Captain
Meigs estimated at $14 per cubic yard; and the
tunnels on the Great Falls line are now under
contract at a cost but little exceeding £7 per cubic
yard.
Mr. Slade's estimates were all made upon the
cost of similar woik upon the Cochuuate line,
; and those made by Captain Meigs, equal in the
' average, if they do not exceed thc^e of Mr. Slade.
i in addition to the liberal estimates made by that
j meritorious olficer of the United StatesTopograph-
! ical Department, he has added theieto twenty per
cent, for contingencies, land damages, &c. Hie
whole report evidences a commendable determin-
ation not to mislead Congiess into an appropria-
tion for a work which wilt exceed the estimate for
i its completion.
If permitted, Mr. Chairman, under the rules of
, the Hou.'-e, to occupy the floor upon the subject
' now before the committee for a few minutes moie,
I could show, by compai mg the i eport of Captain
■ Meigs with the cost of works which are now in
operation, that the cost of introducing water from
! the Great Falls should jiot exceed the estimate of
1 $3,3110,GOO. * *
; Mr. LKTCHER. It seems that we are to
spend $500,000 here either for water or in making
1 speeches about it upon this floor, and I think that
j to spend it for the water will probably be the
best tradeof thetwo. [Laughter.] I rise, there-
fore, not to debate this proposition, but to sug-
gest to the House that we slop debate upon this
: subject. If we are to spend $500,000in this way,
j let us spend no more time about it. Let us come
j to a vote, and if there is a majority in favor of
the proposition, let it go, but if theie is a majority
I in opposition to it, why, let us have an end to it.
Mr. VANSANT, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Chandler's
amendment ps amended.
Mr- JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. "Washbi'Un
of Maine, and Stuart, of Michigan, weie ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 61.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I offer the following amendment:
For an additional iiv's^en^r to the po*t office of the
Hoihc itint wa«- allowed by the Commute on Accounts at
the beginning of the present session, -31,000."
I wish simply to explain to the committee the
reason for the adoption of the amendment I have
offered. At the beginning of the present session of
Congress, it was ascertained to be positively neces-
sary to give the postmaster of the House an ad-
ditional messengerand carry-all. The Committee
on Accounts gave him authority to employ such
messenger, and to procure such carry-nil. The
carry-ail is provided for in the present hill; hut
thiough some oversight no provision has been
made for the salary of the messenger so employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HAVEN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To enable the Secretary of the* Interior to complete tlie
bot-piial lor the in'-nne of the District of Columbia, anil the
Army and Navy of the United Sutes, as it is now in process
ot construction, where the foundations are laid, $18,".209,
and to eu.ibie the decretory of the, httenoi to complete the
external lmpiovements necessary to carry into '•uceo^fui
operation *«ud hospital, according to the recommendation
ot the Secietary ot the interior, $18,60w.
If the committee will hear me for a moment
upon the piopnety of this amendment, I will then
leave it to us fate. I hopea plain and brief state-
ment will establish it in our favor, and satisfy all
that it ought to be adopted. It is not recommended
by any committee whatever; it comes heie upon
its own merits, and, so far as I know, without a
friend m the House. However that may be, I
am quite certain it has no advocates among the
hungry gentlemen outside.
This hospital for the insane of this District, and
for the Army and Navy, is now in process of
construction, and is nearly completed in some of
its leading features, it msituated ontheopposite
side of the East Branch of the Potcrmac, where
we own one hundred and ninety acies of land,
most beautifully situated, and adapted m the
highest degree to this purpose. This land was
purchased out of the first and only appropriation
ever made for this object, which left some $7U,000
for the election of the requisite buildings and fix-
tures, and which, owing to the causes so often,
described here—increased price of labor arid ma-
terials—was, and js, insufficient to perfect the
buildings commenced, and fit the grounds for the
objects intended.
This chanty for the relief of the unfortunate in-
sane, who have a claim on the General Govern-
ment, originated in the Houseof Representatives,
k had no recommendation from any officer of the
Government, it is the spontaneous result our
own sympathies, and our own judgment, i think
it was on the motion of Mr. Stanly, of North
Carolina, that the last Congress, at its first session,
passed an appropriation of $100,000 for the pur-
pose of purchasing a site and building this asy-
lum; and ail i ask is, that this House now take
charge of it, and dispose of the whole matter as
it thinks best. I feel assured it will not allow its
own offspring to suffer for the want of that aid
that outside pressure sometimes brings heie to
objects much less worthy in character.
1 desire to add, that the work has been under
the general charge of the Secretary of the Interior;
but it has all been carried on under the imme-
diate eye of Dr. Nichols,a veiy fair and high-
minded man. He is a gentleman of quite a large
experience in some of the leading insane institu-
tions of the country. The plan—admirable I
think it—is his. it contemplates, at some remote
future day, when the necessities of the country
shall demand it, more buildings than are now m
process of construction: and oneof the proprieties
of the matter is, that still the present portion of
the building will be a complete and perfect estab-
ishment within itself, and will accommodate at
least seventy patients.
It appears to me that the appropriation already
made has been used m a careful and economical
manner. Dr. Nichols seems to have conducted
the building as a private individual would his own
concerns, lie has not paid the extravagant prices
