1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48
House. I move, therefore, a reconsideration of
the vote by which the resolution was passed, with
a view to amend the same by inserting a clause
which was omitted, so as to change its character
and make it a joint resolution, as is required by
law.
The motion for reconsideration was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now move to amend the
resolution so as to insert the usual enacting clause,
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled;" and I move that the reso-
lution so amended do pass.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Executive documents—tlie printing of additional copies
of which w*re onlered during the piesent session, or may
during either session of the present Congress be ordered, hy
eiliier House of Congress, and tile size of which shall not
be less than two hundred pages—shall be bound under the
Uneclion ot the Joint Committee ou Printing: Provided,
That the cost shall not exceed twelve and a half cents per
copy.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to inquire
what has been the practice heretofore on this
point ?
Mr. STANTON. This is precisely the same
resolution which was adopted at the last session
of Congress, and at the session before.
Mr. ORR. The resolution under which the
binding was done three years ago was not a joint
resolution; it was a resolution of this House
alone, and it is proper that this House should
pass the resolution without sending it to the Sen-
ate for concurrence. The House prints its own
documents. It has the control, and should have
the control, of the manner of putting up these
documents. The resolution is proper, as a resolu-
tion passed on one reading here, for this House.
It is not necessary to send it to the Senate for con-
currence. Suppose the Senate should not concur,
then the House would not have the power of
having its own documents bound.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would like
to make an inquiry. Does not the resolution re-
ported by the gentleman from Kentucky require
that all documents, of more than two hundred
pages in length, should be divided into volumes
of two hundred pages?
The Clerk read that portion of the resolution
applying, viz:
"That the Executive documents—the printing of addi-
tional copies of winch were oideied during the parent ses-
sion, ot may, during either se^ion of the present Oonci ess,_
be ordeied, by either Houte ot' Congi e>s, and the fize ol
which &h«ili not be le^s than two hundred pages—shall be
bound," &e.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] said, that
dnring the Congress preceding the last, a similar
resolution of the House authorized the binding to
be done. The policy of the House in reference
to that matter was changed at the beginning of
the last Congress. A joint resolution, of which
this is a copy, was passed by the House, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence. Under the
joint direction of the two committees of the House
and the Senate, all the binding of the last Congress
was done. The Committee on Printing have
thought that the safer course, and hence have
authorized this resolution to be- reported to the
House. I do not know but it would be better to
leave to the committee on the part of the House
the control of its own binding, so that the House
committee will not embarrass the action of the
Senate committee, or the Senate committee that
of the House. The resolution as it stood, author-
ized the committee of the House to have the
binding done; but it ih w refers the whole matter
to the joint committee of the two Houses, and
that requires the concurrence of the Senate for its
adoption; and the ooject of rny motion was to
change the form of the resolution, so as to make
it a joint resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to state my recollection
of this matter. I have a strong impression that
during the last session of Congress these docu-
ments were bound, under the direction of the
committee of the House; that is, those that were
ordered by the House were bound under the di-
rection of the committee of the House, and those
ordered by the Senate, under the direction of the
committee of the Senate. I have some reason to
remember that fact quite distinctly. If the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] will look
back to some scenes which occurred last session,
he will recall to mind that the Senate portion of
the committee selected one binder, and the House
committee another and different one. It is not a
matter of much consequence, one way or the
other. But for the reasons mentioned by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] it
seems to me that the House should look after its
own documents and its own binding.
I was so situated that 1 could not distinctly
hear the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,] or I should have called the atten-
tion of the House to these facts before. It strikes
me that the resolution had better stand as it was
before the motion to reconsider was made, and
that will be in accordance with the previous prac-
tice of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Kentucky if, when a mo-
tion is made in this House to print an extra num-
ber of any particular document, it is not referred
to the House portion of the Joint Committee on
Printing, and whether they do not report back to
this House, and recommend what number of extra
copies should be printed ?
Mr. STANTON. That is so.
Mr. JONES. I understand the gentleman to
reply that such is the rule and practice. Then,
sir, if the House portion of the Joint Committee
on Printing consider and report upon all motions
for printing extra copies of documents, I think
the same portion of that committee—that is,
the House part of it—should have the control of
the binding of these documents, independent of
the Senate portion of thai committee. The com-
mittee is joint, and have the general superin-
tendence of all the printing of Congress, to
see that it is done accoidmg to the terms of the
contract, and not as to the number of documents
that either House, respectively, may ordeF, or as
to the manner or style in which theyaie done.
I think the resolution, as a House resolution, is
proper, and that nothing is gained by altering it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 would suggest tp the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] a diffi-
culty as to the resolution as it stood, and which
should be amended, if it is to stand as a House
resolution. If we are to have the control of the
binding through the House committee, it ought
to confer the power upon the committee of the
House.
Mr. ORR (interrupting). If the gentleman
from Illinois will give way, 1 will suggest a sub-
stitute which will meet his difficulty. I will read
the substitute. It is as follows:
Resohed, That the members of tins House of the Joint
Committee on fruiting be instiucted to have all Executive
documents, ordered to be punted by the House, ot two
bundled pages or more, hound at a cost not to exceed
twelve, and a half cents per volume.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentleman
from South Carolina can only lie reached hy
unanimous consent, or by reconsidering the first
and second vote upon the resolution. It is now a
joint resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The object of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
and the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] is only to have bound the extra copies for
distribution. The resolution ought to provide for 1
the extra copies only.
Mr. STANTON. I suggest the insertion of
the words " extra copies."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the ,
gentleman from Kentucky, to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to withdraw the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir. j
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the reso-
lution will be withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. I now offer the resolution
as drafted by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr.]
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the members of the. House on tile Joint
Committee on Printing be instructed to have all tile e.ura
copies of Executive documents ordered to be printed by
the House, of two hundred pages, bound at a cost not ex-
ceeding twelve and a half cents per volume.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
LAND OFFICE JURISDICTION.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition of a portion of the citi-
zens of Illinois, praying for the detachment of cer-
tain land from the Dixon land office, and to attach
it to the Quincy land office, and to more that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That, can be done only by
unanimous consent, as the rule which allows peti-
tions to be presented in open House was changed,
yesterday.
There being no objection, leave was granted
On motion of Mr. HILLYER, the House then
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 14, 1853.
Prater by the Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. Clement C. Clay, Jr., of Alabama,
and the Hon. William K. Sebastian, of Arkan-
sas, appeared in their seats this morning.
PRESENTATION OF CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Clement C. Clay, Jr.,chosen by the Legis-
lature of Alabama a Senator from that State, for
the term of six years from the 4th of March last;
which were read, and the oath prescribed by law
having been administered to Mr. Clay, he took
his seat in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. W. V. McKpan, Chief
Clerk, announcing that they had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolution
of the House for the relief of Alexander P. Field,
late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and sure-
ties.
Also, that the House of Representatives had,
in compliance with the joint rules of the two
Houses, appointed the following joint committees
on their part:
On the Library—Mr. Benton of Missouri, Mr.
Chandler of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Faulkner of
Virginia. •
On Prinling—Mr. Murray of New York, Mr.
Stanton of Kentucky, and Mr. Russell of Penn-
sylvania.
On Enrolled Bills—Mr. Green of Ohio, and Mr.
De Witt of Massachusetts.
PETITIONS.
Mr. EVERETT presented the petition of B.
E. Abbott, son of the late George F. Abbott, Vice
Consul of the United States at Salonica, praying
compensation for losses sustained by his father in
the service of the United States; which was refer-
red to the Committee on-Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of J. K.
Cooke, praying compensation for loss of time and
expenses incurred under an appointment of the
President, as Consul of the United States at
Xrbara, in the Island of Cuba, the Governor
General of that island having refused to recog-
nize him as such; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of David
Myerle, praying compensation for losses sus-
: tamed in testing the practicability of water-rotting
American hemp for the United States Navy;
I which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Alfred
Billups and others, praying compensation for
French spoliations piior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table  
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of
Charles Homer, praying compensation for losses
sustained in consequence of the delay of the
| United States Government in selecting a site for
the marine hospital at San Francisco, and for
services performed thereon not required by the
contract; which, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented three memorials of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Charleston, South Carolina; also, an appropria-
tion for a light-ship and buoys at Cape Roman;
and a further appropriation for the ercction of a
light on White Point Shoal, in Charleston har-
bor; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce. .
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of the
Creek nation of Indians, praying compensation
