44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
for lands relinquished to the United States by the
treaty of E'ort Jackson, in 1814; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying the enactment of
a law giving further remedies to patentees; which
was referred' to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motios by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in the case of
William R. Nevins be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. I^avon-
worth, widow of General Leavenworth, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, lor the purpose of being pre-
sented in the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of William II. Wil-
kinson and others be withdrawn from the filps of the
Senate^ and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William S. Humphries and
others, asking for the mcoipotation of the Washington
Cemetery, be withdrawn from the files of (he Senate, and
referred to the Committee o'n the Dt&trict of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
" Ordered, That the memorial of Thomas O. Larkin be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Silas L. Loomis, and the
petition of Zachanah Lawrence, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims,
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William G. Ridgely be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. GWfN", it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Mrs. Harriet Waul, piaying lor a naval pension, be with
drawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was,
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of the
legal representatives ol Noah Miller be withdrawn fiom the
files ofthe Seriate, and referred to the Committee on Com-
iaeicj.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Oidered, That the petition of Thomas 15. Par-ons be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred totheCom-
mittee on Naval Attains.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the legal repre-
sentatives of William Bean and in the case of Aim Rob
inson he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and le-
fierred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, Thatthe petition of T. P. McBlair be withdrawn
from tlu> fil^s ofthe Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Peter W. Morgan, admin-
istrator of John Arnold, deceased, and George G. Bishop
he withdrawn from the files of the .Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of the heirs of
Jime* BHI he withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of E. Ritchie Dorr
be withdrawn fiom the files ot rue Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered* That the various. nu'inoriitls and papers relating
to thecoma notion of theNiagara ship canal he withdrawn
from the tiles of the Senate, and reterred to the Committee
on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. FfSH, it was
Ordered, Thatthe documents relating to the claim of the
late Colons! Joseph Wat-on be withdrawn from tbc files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was ^
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the heirs of Ben-
jamin Mooers, and the petition of Thomas Foster and
others, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered,That the petition and accompanying papers of
rhomasS. Russell and Antonio J. Norla, late registei and
receiver of the land office of St. Augnstine, Florida, be
withdrawn fiom the files ofthe Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memorial and papers of George Wright
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and refeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of the heirs of Caleb
Svvann, deceased, be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Ira
Baldwin.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of set-
tlers on the Maison Rouge grant of lands.
Mr, SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
execution by the courts of the United States of
commissions to take testimony issuing from the
courts of justice of friendly nations.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill explanatory of an "act
for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts."
Mr. EVANS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to indemnify the State of
South Carolina for money expended for the United
States m the war m Florida with the Seminole
Indians.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DIXON usked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of Sophia Kirby; which was read a first
and second time by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS, agreeably to previous notice,,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the State of Illinois to select the residue
of the lands to which she is entitled, under the
act of March 2, 1827; which was read a first and
second time, by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill giving further remedies to patentees; which
was read a first and second time, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS, according to previous notice,
| asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and a donation of the public
lands to the States of Louisiana and Mississippi,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
therein; which was read a first and sectJnd time,
by unanimous consent, and refeired to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, according to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska; which
was read a first and second time, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
confirming certain land claims in Louisiana, in the
Bastrop grant; which was read a first and second
time, by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following reso-
; lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the committees which wore authorized
at the ia^t session to employ cleiks, be authorized to em-
ploy clerks during tile present session.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion for considerationj
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be I
instructed to impure into ilie expediency of providing for j
the construction of a railroad from some point on the wen
ein line ot one of the existing States to some point on the
eastern line ot Caluoima. I
STATUTES OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
j sent, and agreed to:
; Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
1 stiucted to consider the expediency of providing hy law for
the appointment of a commission to revise^the public
statutes ofthe United States, to simplify their lan«ua e
to correct their mcoiigruiues, to supply their deficiencies! '
to arrange them m order, to reduce them to one connected
text, and to report them, thus improved, to Conaress, for
their final aclion, to the end that the put,he statutes, which
all are presmiied lo know, may be in such a form ks to be
more within thy comprehension of ail.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 14, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PETITION.
On motion by Mr. MACE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from thf
fites of the Committee on Claims, the papers iri the case of
Major Weed's administrators, with a view ot r< placing
them on the fiie.3 ut' the Senate.
A. AND J. E. KEJND ALL.
Mr. CLINGMAN. On my objection yester-
day, the petition and papers in the ease of A.
and J. E. Kendall, presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] were laid upon
the table. I now desire to withdraw my objec-
tion, and allow the papers to be appropriately
referred.
There was no objection, and the papers were
accordingly referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to introduce
a bill, of which previous notice has been given,
for the purpose of having it referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER.. It is not in order at this
time.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the orders of the day, the first business in
order being the call of committees for reports.
The list of committees was called through m their
order.
CHAIRMAN OF THE MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, in the list of
members of the Committee on Military Affairs as
made by the Chair, my name was placed at the
head of that committee. By the courtesy of the
committee, the first name upon the list is usually
considered chairman. The committee have the
right, however, to elect their own chairman.
While I am well pleased with a place upon that
committee, I feel it extremely inconvenient to
take upon myself the duties of its chairman at this
time. I therefore proposed to the committee that
we should go into the election and choose our own
chairman, for the purpose of relieving me from
the labors of that station; which they had the
right to do. It was done, and Mr. William H.
Bissell was elected chairman in my place.
The SPEAKER. Air. Bissell will be placed
at the head of that committee.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, for the relief of Louis
B. Willis, late a Paymaster of the United States;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
, made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
| ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order now to ask
to withdraw a paper from the files of the House
for the purpose of reference?
The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
rules ofthe House, at the Clerk's table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers in the
case of Magdalena Moore, widow of the late John
Moore, a pensioner of the State of Pennsylvania.
Leave was granted.
COMMITTEE «HV WAYS AND MEANS' CLERK.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. With a view of having the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means furnished with a
clerk,according to the system adopted heretofore.
I move to reconsider the vote hy which the reso-
lution on this subject was yesterday laid upon the
table, understanding as 1 do, that some of the
members ot that committee are willing to adhere
to the old principle.
of Georgia, Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio to say the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means are willing to return
to the old system in reference to employing a
clerk? t * &
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir; I did not say
