1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 offer the
following; amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That each and al! persons who have been, or
who may be. apooiuted hereafter to disburse money which
is now, or nir.j her* after he, appioprlated for the building
or K-pair of any of the edifice* or siructuies for which ap
propriations are made in rhw act, and are not now required
by law to give bond and security, shall give bond with good
security in"*iifticient penalty, to he approved ot by the head
of the Department under which said disbursement may be
made,, ortlie President of the United States when the work
shall be specifically under his direction.
Mr. PHELPS The gentleman has misunder-
stood the amendment which I have submitted. It
is merely to appropriate money necessary to pay
the rent of buildings occupied in New York city
by the Government as an assay office.
Mr. STANTON. Is it not for buildings to be
erected ?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; the buildings are al-
ready erected. They were leased by the Secretary
of the Treasury for the uses of an assay office,
with the privilege of purchasing them. They have
been fitted up, arid this money is to pay the rent.
Mr. STANTON. Is not the Government
erecting or repairing buildings there forjm assay
office?
Mr. PHELPS. The buildings are already
erected. The Government has had them fitted
up and repaired.
Mr. STANTON. If the Chair decides the
amendment out of order 1 have nothing to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
germane. The amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Missouri is not for theerection oi budd-
ings, but for the payment of rent.
Mr. HAVEN. If the $500,000 appropriation
be made, all this but $30,000 will lapse and go
buck into the Tieasury.
The question was taken; and Mr. Phelps's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENN. 1 move to inseit the following
proviso after the provision for the payment of the
Auxiliary Guard of Washington:
Provided, That the captain and members of the Anvil
iary Guaid sluilJ be appointed by the President oi the United
Slate.-! and >li<tll he subject to such rules and regulations an
may be piescubcd by loin.
After the following paragraph of the bill:
For compensation of Auxiliary liuaid, fuel, and oil for
lamps. #1,000.
I have only fo say if we appropriate money in
order to sustain this guard, we should have con-
trol over them* and they should be directed to take
charge of public instead of private property The
amendment simply piovides that the President
shall appoint the guard, and we appropriate the
money to pay their salaries
Mi. TAYLOR, of Ohio. It seems to me that
wc are departing for a very small thing fiom the
ordinary rules for protecting the property of this
city. Por the Inst eight or ten years theappoint-
men! of tins Auxiliary Guard has been allowed to
the nfy of WHshingtmi. 1 do not think we ought
to require the President to appoint its members;
but I think the Mayor and Common Council are
the proper persons to make these appointments,
because they will be acquainted personally with
the men who are to compose this guard. It is
imposing upon the President a duty which I think
ought not fo he laid upon him- 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wi.sh simply to
say that this guard is auihori/.ed by act of Con-
girss, :u'd that the Constitution requires the ap-
pointment of all mfciior officers fo be vested in the
President 
Mr. TAYLOR. Who has appointed the mem-
bers of this guard heretofore5
Mr. JONES. I believe the Mayor has ap-
pointed them.
Mr. TAYLOR. He was a Democratic Mayor.
Mr. JONES. The Constitution requires the
appointment of inferior officers to be vested m the
President alone, or in the heads of Departments.
The question being upon Mr. Henn's amend-
ment,
Mr. SAGE demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come m at the end of the sec-
tion providing for the purchase of trees:
For cutting down and removing from the public grounds,
a venues j and streets in Washington city, under the control
of Congress, all the ailunthus trees, .$500.
The clause in the bill to which I offer this as
an amendment provides an appropriation for pur-
chasing trees to be planted upon the public
grounds. I think every gentleman who was here
during the two or three weeks that that tree was in
bloom will be satisfied of the necessity and im-
portance of ridding the city of it; and the amend-
ment I have offered provides an appropriation of
for that purpose.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr1. HOUSTON, i propose the following
amendment, to come in after line nine hundred
and sixty-four:
For the Capitol extension, $7.50,000.
That is the estimate of the Department.
[Cries of" Question 1" " Question !"]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the fol-
1 lowing as an amendment to that amendment:
; Provided, That every arid all persons who have been, or
may he appointed heieafter to disburse the money which is
now. or may be hereafter approptiated lor the building or
repans of any ot the edifices or structures for which appro-
priations are made m tin- act, and who are not now re-
quired by law to {jive bond and secui ity, shall give bond
and security, with good suieties? in -sufficient penalty, to be
approved ot by the head of the Department under winch
such d^tiibution i^ to bo made, or by the President of the
United -tates, when the work shall be specifically under
his direction.
A very large portion of the persons into whose
hands the money we are now appropriating for
buildings and other structures, will go for dis-
bursement, uie performing that duty without
giving any bond or security to the Government
lor Us faithful application. We require bond
from all civil officeis entrusted with public funds,
and there is no reason why it should not be re-
quired from all others. If a poor widow receives
the office of postmistress, where the revenues
scarcely exceed ten dollars per year, she is re-
quned to give bond, because the law demands it.
Immense amounts of money, in some cases over
a million of dollars, are disbursed by officers of the
Aimy m civil service, and not one centof security
is required. Theieason these officers aie exempt
from giving bond, is simply because no law com-
pels it. I propose now to change the practice,
and require them to be bound by the same obliga-
tions which are imposed upon civilians.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My own opinion
in that matter is, that the whole system of taking
security from public officers is wrong in principle.
What tight have we to inquire two or three men
i to become lesponsible tor a person to disburse
! money for the Government, in which work they
: have no moie interest than the twenty-five mil-
! lions of people of the country? It is the Gov-
. eminent that requires the services to be performed;
; and the Government—that is, the whole people
j of the country—me better able, if they make a
j bad selection of officers, to hear the logs, than one
I or two or three men are. It is wrong for the Gov-
; eminent to require security from anybody. They
' select the officer, and give him his appointment;
! and if they appoint an improper person, who fails
to act fairly, let the whole country be his security.
I The question was taken; and Mr. Stanton's
t amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurring on Mr. Houston's
amendment, as amended; it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I oiFer the follow-
ing amendment, undei the instruction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means:
For compensation of one w.itehtnan, to be employed at
tin: building lying south of ihe Capitol, used as puohe
rubles and catpenfer shop, >'500.
The reason for this amendment is, that there
have been recently attempts made to fire these
stables, by which two or three horses have been
seriously injured, and, theiefore, it is pioposed to
employ a watchman there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I offer the following,
under the instiuctions of the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds:
For fuel for the President's house, .$3,000.
For a furnace keeper at the President's house, atone
dollar per day, v,.'36.').
For meloMing with an iron fence fhe circle at the inter-
section of PernioJvama avenue with New Hampshire
avenue and K and Twenty-third streets, and imptovmg
said meio^ui e. $10,0')0.
Poi iion i.nlir." and fiagpine m fi out of the old poition of
the Patent Office building, £5,750.
For taking up, relaying, and foi repairing old foot pave-
ments, and making new one* around the public squares,
building**. and reservation*. $10,000.
For altering the streets, repaumg, &.c., in from of the
eastern wing of the Patent Office building, putting up iron
railing, flagging footways,putting in order yaids, and paint-
ing new saloon of Patent Otiice m fiesco, ,<$54,250.
For painting and repairs msule of the CapitoJ, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber, and Supreme Court
room, &c., $5,000.
For permanent repair of the roof of the Capitol with ♦
copper, where it was temporarily repaired with tin, after
the burning of the library of Congress, #2,000.
For completing the improvement of Pennsylvania avenue
west of Seventeenth street west, §9,000.
I have a letter from the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, in which he says that all these items
have received the sanction of the Secretary of the
Interior. I will have it read, if the committee
wish to hear it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose these appropri-
ations are, in almost every case, wrong. The
Committee of Ways and Means have examined
these items. Two or three items, i think, make
provision for iron flagging for relaying the Patent
Ofcce. From the reading of the amendment, I
think the gentleman has copied his amendment
from the estimates of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings. This is ail wrong. There is no such
thing as iron flagging contemplated.
Mr. TAYLOR. The item to which the gen-
tleman alludes is for iron railing.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is for iron railing and
flagging. I believe the gentleman has copied his
amendment from the letter of the Commissioner;
but I hope that letter will be read.
Mr. TAYLOR. Let the letter be read.
Mr. SEWARD. I object. *
Mr. TAYLOR. I have waived my right to
speak, in order to have the letter read. 1 hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really hope the gentleman
from Georgia will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not. 1 do not want
these officers of the Government to come here and
make speeches before this House.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the first
item in the amendment.
i Now let us have the letter read in my five min-
i utes; but first, I want to say that my object in
I having these letters read is, that they may-go
! upon the record, i want to know who is respon-
; sible for these recommendations.
| Mr. SEWARD. I desire also to state my ob-
jection to the reading ot these letters. They are
i from the heads of the Departments or Bureaus,
and designed to dictate what this legislative body
i shall do. It is a means by which they come here
j into this House and make speeches. I withdraw
; my objection.
j The letter was then read, as follows:
' OfHCB C-OMMISPtONTR PUB. BUILDINGS, CaPITOL U. S.,
i Cii'v of Washington, June 14,1854.
! T most respectfully call the attention of the Committee
1 on Public Kinlding-s and Grounds to the following facts:
Among the estimates submitted to Congress by the Sec-
retary ot the fnteuor are the following, which have not
, beoti inserted in the geueial appropriation bill b\ the Coin-
1 iniltee of Wavs and Means. I know not for what reason
' they weic omitted, and can only say that many of thtm
| are u>ual, and that they are ail necessary for the public
j «f!Vice, VIZ •
I For fuel for the President's Hou«e, $1,000.
I Forafuinace keeper at the President's Rous*3, $365.
| For inclosing with an iron fence the circle at the mter-
! ^notion of Pennsylvania avenue with New Hampshire
! avenue, and K and Twenty-third streets, and impioving
' ihe same, AlO.uOO.
For uon railing and flagging in front of the old poitioa
j of the Patent Office Building. &e.. .c>5,730.
! Foi hiking up, lepain.ig, and relaying old foot pavement4*,
I and making new ones around the public buildings, and res-
! eivations, .4^10.000.
! For pavmg the sidewalk in front of the President's
; Iiouse, $1,500.
i For altenna: the streets, repairing, &c., in fiontofthe east
wing of the Patent Office, Building, putting up iron railing,
flagging footway, putting m order"\ards, painting new sa-
loon of Patent Office in fresco, &c , $14,-250.
For painting and repair* inside of tin- Capitol, new fur-
naces under the Senate Chamber and Supreme Court room,
&c., $5,000.
(Mo^t of this work has been done.)
For permanenf repair with copper of the roof of the
Capitol where it was temporarily repaired with tin, after
the burning of the library, .^2,000,
Foi completing the improvement of Pennsylvania ave-
nue west of Seventeenth street west, i$9,000.
I had the honor to submit duectly to the House of Rep-
s xeseutative-., on the 30fh day of January Ian, sundry es-
i ti mates of appropiiauons for public building-', street*,
i giound.*, &c., which are printed and contained m misc^l-
j lanenu* document of the Ilouseof Representatives, No. 11.
Some of tho>e estimates F legard of very great nuport-
I, ance to the United States, and hope that the committee will
|j think proper to recommend them to the House for adopuon.
f1 I respectfully specify th<* following, viz :
