1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4-5
that. X said some members of that committee
were willing to return to the old system; not that
the whole committee acquiesced in tt.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust the House will not
reconsider that vote, unless that committee is to
be authorized to employ a clerk under the system
proposed by them yesterday.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not insist on my
motion; I withdraw it.
The list of committees having been called
through, the States were next called for resolu-
tions.
COMPLETION OP PUBLIC WORKS.
When the State of Illinois was called—
Mr. NORTON introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, for the com-
pletion of the public works for which appropriations were
made by the la-st Congress.
Mr. BAYLY", of Virginia, moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked that the resolution
might be again reported.
The resolution was accordingly again reported
by the Clerk.
Mr. ORR. I propose to debate the resolution.
The previous question has not been demanded.
Mr. BAYLY. You cannot debate the resolu-
tion. The motion is to lay the resolution on the
table.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been demanded; the motion is to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask that the resolution may
be again read for the information of the House.
The resolution was accordingly read.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Pending the announcement of the vote, Mr.
GROW desired to be alio wed to vote in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Pennsylvania within tne bar when his name was
called?
Mr. GROW. I was not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can be al-
lowed to vote by unanimous consent.
, Mr. WAl SH. I object.
The result of the vote on the motion to lay the
motion on the table was then announced—yeas
102, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A*he, David J. Bailov, Thomas H.
Bayly, Ba k«, Belcher, Bist-ell. Bocock, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Brook*, Ca?kie, Chrisuian, Ohncman, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craisje, Cuius, Cutting, John Q. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Dowdeil, Drum, Kdg«*rloii, Edmundson, Elhoir,
Ellison, Faulkner, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson
W. Harris, Hastings*, Hendricks, Heun, Ihbbaid, Hillyor,
Houston, Hushes Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones. Kid well, Kittredge, Ktntz. Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Letcher, Lilly, Limteley, Maedonald JVTcDou<?al, McNair,
Mace Maxwell, Mayail, Smith Miller, Morrison, Mmiay,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Peckhain,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Philips, Powell,
Pratt. Put-year, Reese. Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, Ruffin,
Sfjmom, Shannon, Shaw, Skeiton, Snodgra«s, Richard
II. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Ilestor L. Stevens,
Stiatton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J
Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Walbrid«e, Walker, Walsh.
Warren, Westbrook, Witte, Hendnck B. Wright, and
ZoIHcoiTer—102.
j\TAYS— Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ball, Barry,
Benson, Busff, Lewis D. Campbtll, Carpenter, Caiuthers,
Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cook. Cm win, Cox. Crocker, Cnl-
lom Dick. Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, ttdmands,
En"lish, Et'iendge, Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Floience,
Franklin, Gidd.ns^, Aaion Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Ham-on! Haven, Hiester, Hill, Howe. Hunt, Ketr, Ivno\,
McCulloch, Macy, Martcnon, Midilleswarth, John G.
Miller Morirau, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Penmnston, Pringle. Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rogers,
Ru-^eli, Sabm, t^aue, Sapp, Getut Smith, William R.
Smith, John L. Tajlor, Tlmrston, Tracy, Upham, Wade,
Elhhu B. Washbmne, Israel Washburn, Wells John
Weutworth, Tappan Wentvvoith. Wheeler, and Yates—75.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BISSELL. Is it in order now to introduce
bills of which previous notice has been given ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. BISSELL. Then I ask leaveto introduce
the following bill:
4£ An act making a grant of public lands to the
several States and Territories of the Union, for
the benefit of indigent insane persons."
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask that this bill may be
referred to a select committee.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
such bill going to a select committee. I think it
ought to e;o to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, BISSELL. My only objection to this
reference is, that that committee will undoubtedly
be overwhelmed this session, as it was last, with
bills proposing to make grants of land; and as the
object of this bill is peculiar; I think it should
have the reference I propose.
Mr. JONES. This bill legitimately belongs to
the Committee on Public Lands; and I cannot see
why a select committee should be raised for the
reference of this bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Public Lands;
and a division being demanded, there were—ayes
99, noes 51.
So the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands was agreed to.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House t > take up a resolution passed by
the Senate, to provide for a deficiency fur the revis-
ion and codification of the revenue laws. I think
it can be done in a few moments.
Mr. LETCHER. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
BILLS ITRODUCED.
Mr. BISSELL introduced the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, viz:
"A bill for an act to repeal the first proviso of the
fourth section of the bounty land law of Septem-
ber 28, 1850 "
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in or-
der now to offer bills of which previous notice has
been given ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order under the call
for resolutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I ask leave to offer
the following bills.
Mr. ORR. Before the gentleman proceeds I
should like to know how many bills a member has
a right to introduce under this construction of the
rule?
The SPEAKER. By the construction which
has been usually given to the rule, a member has
been allowed to introduce all the bills of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. COBB. I have some fifteen or sixteen bills
which I want to introduce, of all of which notice
has been given.
The SPEAKER. They were resolutions, not
bills.
Mr. COBB. I desired to introduce bills. I
have a number here which \ want to introduce
early. 1 hone that, when next I get the floor, I
shall be allowed to get them all in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill of the follow-
ing title; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, viz:
" A bill for the relief of the purchasers and loca-
tors of swamp and overflowed lands."
Mr. WASHBURNE also, in pursuance of pre- j
vious notice, introduced the following bill; which :
was read a first and a second time by its title, and |
referred to the Committee on Commerce, viz:
" A bill for the further improvement of the Rock i
Island and Des Moines Rapids in the Mississippi j
river."
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced the following bill; :
which was read a first and second time bv Us title, 1
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, viz: ^ [
<s A bill extending the benefits of the pension '
laws to all persons serving in the late war with j
Gieat Britain, and the Indian wars prior thereto, !
and their widows." I
Mr. PHELPS, in pursuance of previous notice, ;
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to !
the Committee on Military Affairs, viz: !
" A bill to amend an act entitled * An act to pro- 1
vide for the payment of horses and other property
lost or destroyed in the military service of the
United States,* " approved March 3,1849.
. Mr. WARREN, in pursuance of previews no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, viz:
" A bill for a grant of land to the Mississippi,
Ouachita, and Red River Railroad Corftpany."
Mr. GREENWOOD, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, viz:
"A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to divide
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts,'"
approved March 3, 1851.
Mr. MAXWELL, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time bv its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed, viz:
" A bill granting the right of way and alternate
sections of land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads between the waters of the Atlantic and the
Gulf of Mexico."
Mr. MAXWELL. Understanding that it has
not been customary to order the printing of bills
when introduced for reference to the standing
committees, 1 modify my motion, and move
simply that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
Mr. MAXWELL. 1 ask leave of the House
to introduce " a bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Florida
and Alabama, in aid of the construction of a rail-
road from the waters of Pensacola Bay, in Flor-
ida, to Montgomery, in the State of Alabama," of
which previous notice has been given.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENN. I ask leave of the House to in-
troduce " a bill making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said /State, "of
which previous notice has been given.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HENN. I now move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HENN. I ask leave to introduce " a bill
to grant a homestead to settlers on the public
land, and to provide for their sale to actual settlers
only," of which previous notice has been given.
There was no objection; and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. HENN. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would suggest to
the gentleman from Iowa the propriety of moving
the reference of his bill to the Committee on Ag-
riculture. That committee had charge of the sub-
ject at the last Congress and reported a bill upon
it to the House.
Mr. HENN. I would prefer the reference of
the bills to the Committee on Public Lands, as
one bill has gone there already. I know that a
bill on the same subject has been referred to the
Committee on Agriculture. It maybe that two
committees are wiser than one, and they together
may be able to get the measure passed.
Mr. JONES. Has one bill been referred to the
Committee on Public Lands ?
Mr. HENN. Yes, sir; and I desire this one to
go there also.
Mr. COBB. It is as well that I should make
the point I am going to on my friend from Iowa
as on any other. I object to the printing of bdls
on their introduction for reference. Such has not
been the practice of the Househeretofore. If bills
be printed, then they must always be reprinted
when reported from the committees; thus involv-
ing an additional and unnecessary expense. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the first
bill introduced by the gentleman from Iowa was
ordered to be printed. I trust that the gentleman
will conform to the practice sf the House, and not
