1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
During the last session of Congress, the question
was raised by the gentleman from Alabama him-
self, [Mr. Cobb,J who came here with an armful
of bills, as to how many bills a member might in-
troduce under this construction of the rules.
Mr. COBB. I never came here with an arm-
ful of btlts.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman, I know,
offered a proposition that no member should in-
troduce more than one bill at a time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that when
the States are being called for resolutions, gentle-
men may introduce bills of which notice has been
given, without regard to the number of them.
Gentlemen cannot, under the rules of the House,
introduce more than one resolution, or one series
of lesulutiuns; but any number of bills, of which
notice has been given, may be introduced.
Mr. COBB. 1 am glad that it is so. I pro-
pose now to introduce another bill, the object of
which is, that all the public lands in the State of
Alabama which have been unsold and unappro-
priated, and have been in market for a period of
twenty years, should be granted to that State, for
the purposes stated in the bill. The title of the
bill is as follows:
"A bill to grant to the State of Alabama, and
other States having public lands, the unsold and
unappropriated public lands that have been in
market for twenty years and upwards, for pur-
poses of education and internal improvement."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I have another bill which 1 wish
to introduce. I fear the House will think 1 am
troublesome; but my duty demands that I should
introduce these bills at this time. I ask leave to
introduce the following bill:
** A bill granting the right of way,and adonation
of the public lands, to the State of Alabama, to
aid in the construction of the Wills Valley Rail-
road, and for other purposes."
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. Would it not be in order for
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to
pass up all the bills in his hands at once?
Mr. COBB. I should prefer doing so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of oider.
Mr. COBB. I ask leave to introduce a bill in
which the States of Virginia, Tennessee, and
many other States are interested. It is a bill
granting the right of way and a portion of the
public lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, to
intersect the Charleston, Chattanooga, and Nash-
ville Railroad, in Alabama."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I would introduce another bill,
entitled " A bill granting the right of way and a
donation of the public lands to the State of Ala-
bama, to aid in the construction of the Cohabo
Valley Railroad, in said State." It is for the pur-
pose of connecting the Tennessee and Alabama
waters; an object which the Government has long
had in view.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I have another till here in which
orphan childien and others are interested. It is
a bill entitled " A bill to authorize the school
commissioners of fractional township No. 1, range
No. 10 east, in Alabama, to locate one section
of land for school purposes."
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I ask leave to introduce another
bill, and have it referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. It is " A bill granting the right
of way to the Stale of Alabama, and a portion of
the public lands, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Winchester, in the State of Ten-
nessee, to some point on the Tennessee river, at or
near Fort Deposit, Alabama."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill refers
to a railroad commencing in my district; and I
would ask the gentleman from Alabama whether
that road runs through one foot of the public
lands from Winchester to the Tennessee river?
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. JOSES. Where is it?
Mr. COBB. Near Flint river.
Mr. JONES. The people of that country do
not know where it is then.
I would further inquire of the gentleman wheth-
er the railroad mentioned in the first bill, com-
mencing at Memphis, in the State of Tennessee,
and intersecting the Charleston, Chattanooga, and
Nashville Railroad, passes through any of the
public lands. ?
*Mr. COBB. Oh, much of it.
Mr. JONES. I should like to know where?
Mr. COBB. In portions of Jackson and Mad-
ison counties.
Mr. LETCHER. T call the gentlemen to order.
Mr. JONES. We do not ask the right of way
\ from this Goveinment to open railroads through
Tennessee.
Mr. COBB. I was aware of that, and I there-
fore got the Clerk to read the title of the bill, as I
knew it would bring the gentleman from Tennes-
see down upon me.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [.Mr. Jones] object to the reception of
the bill?
Mr. JONES. Oh, no, not at all; butitisofno
use to grant the right of way, or alternate sections
in this case, because there are no public lands
there.
Mr. COBB. Oh, yes; they can getsome within
six miles of the road.
Mr. JONES. They will have to get a search
warrant to find it. [Laughter.]
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. COBB also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands\o actual settlers and cultivators."
Mr. COBBjgilso, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introducJu the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill to authorize the States in which sixteenth
school sections are situated, to relinquish such
lands reserved or granted for the use of schools
as may be comparatively valueless or unfit for cul-
tivation, and to select other lands in lieu thereof."
Mr. COBB. I have another bill here, and if
the gentleman from Tennessee wants any informa-
tion about it, I can tell him that if this bill passes
we shall £et some lands under it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the first one,
then, under which that will be the case.
Mr. COBB then, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill granting the right of way and a dona-
tion of land to the State of Alabama, m aid of
the construction of the Coosa and Tennessee
River Railroad in said State, leading from Gads-
den to the Tennessee river, at or near Gunter's
Landing."
INDEMNITY TO SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ORR, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced the following bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs:
"A bill to indemnify the State of South Carolina
for money expended for the United States, in the
war in Florida with the Seminolelndians."
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
! Mr. BOYCE. I offer the following resolution;
i and upon it I demand the previous question:
1 Raolved, That in view of the larqe and increasing sur
! plus now in the Tieasurv, the dime-; on imports should be
' so teduced only to jajse Mich a revenue as mav be neces-
j eary for an economical administration of the Government,
I and the duties should be imposed as to equalize, as much
| as possible, 4he burdens of taxation to all classes and sec
: nons, and to in-uie the abstiacnon fioni the pockets of the
i people of a* little as possible over and above what i« paid
j into the Treasury.
| The House was then divided on the call for the
j previous question: and it was not seconded—only
i 38 voting in the affirmative.
Mr. SAGE. f move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. DRUM. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee, I submit whether
the motion to lay upon the table did not come to
late? The call for the previous question failed to'
I be seconded, and theresolution, of course, passed
from before the House. In my opinion, the
motion was not made in time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, (he gentle-
man from Tennessee will remember, will not pass
from before the House unless debate arise upon it.
No debate has occurred; and the motion to lay
upon the table is a privileged one, and cuts oif
debate precisely like the call for the previous ques-
tion. The Chair decides that the motion to lay
upon the table was made in order.
Tellers were demanded on the call for the yeas
and nays; but were not ordered.
Mr. DRUM. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. H1LLYER. I propose to debate the reso-
! tion.
: The SPEAKER. The proposition now is to
i la^on the table, which cuts off all debate.
j The resolution was again read for the informa-
I tion of the House.
| The question was then put on the motion to
j lay upon the table; and, upon a division, there
i were—ayes 72, noes 76.
j Mr. II1BBARD. 1 call for the yeas and nays,
j Mr. SAGE. I withdraw the motion to lay the
I resolution upon the table.
; Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to refer
! the resolution to the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I propose to
debate the resolution.'
The SX^EAKER. The resolution then lies
over.
U. S. DISTRICT COURT OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. LETCHER asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, entitled "A bill to change the time
of holding the district court of the United States
in the western district of Virginia, and for other
purposes;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
COMMERCIAL RESTRICTIONS.
Mr. FAULKNER offered the following reso-
lution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
1 quested to report to the House a statement of the privileges
and restrictions of the commercial intercourse of the United
States with all foreign natinn«, simihr to that communicated
to this House on the 29th March. 18-12 ; and further, that he
be requested to give a table exhibiting a comparative state-
ment between the tariff of other nations and that of the
United States, similar to the one prepared and laid before
this body in March, 1842.
HOMESTEAD BILLS.
Mr. DAWSON asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
■ been given, entitled "A bill to encourage agri-
culture, commerce, manufactuies, and all other
branches of industry, by granting to every man
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land, out of the public domain, on
' the condition of occupancy and cultivation of the
: same, for the period herein specified;'5 which was
; read a first and second time by its title, and referred
i to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. GROW asked and obtained leave to intro-
, duce a bill, of which previous notice had been
1 given, entitled "A bill to encourage agriculture,
and all other branches of industry, by granting
to every person who is the head of a family one
1 hundred and sixty acres of land, on the condition
of occupancy and cultivation for the period herein
, specified;" which was read a first and -second
time by its title,and referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
| EULOGIES ON WILLIAM R. ICING.
! Mr. McNAIR. I beg to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing cause to be
: pubh-hed and bound in pamphlet form, in such a manner as
may seem to them appropriate, for the use of the House,
1 thirty thousand copies of the addresses made by members
j of the Senate and by members of the House, together with
so much of the message of the President of the United
I States at the commencement of the session, as related to
! the death of the Hon. William R. King.
