1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6.
Entertaining still the opinion that the Missouri
restriction line was without any foundation in the
Constitution; that there is no authority to be
found in thatinstrument for drawing a lineacross
the common territory of the United States, and
permitting the citizens of the fifteen slaveholding
States to have access to it with their slave prop-
erty, on one side of the line, and prohibiting their
access to "it on the other; that the only power
conferred upon Congress over the subject of sla-
ery within the limits ef the United States is the
express power of prohibiting the foreign slave
trade, and the express provision for delivering
up fugitives from labor or service; that under
-,the grants of power to make all laws necessary
and proper to carry into execution the granted
f>owers, and to make needful rules and regu-
ations respecting the territory or other property
of the United States, Congress has no preten&e
for setting up a claim that any law of Congress is
necessary, prohibiting the removal of slaves into
a Territory where the people have a Legislature
of their own, with power to legislate, subject to
the Constitution, and have, moreover, the ultimate
power of finally disposing of the whole subject;
that Congress has no power to add to the number
of slaves in the country, unless by opening the
foreign skive trade, which, by universal consent,
is interdicted, and will never again be opened, and
no power to diminish their numbers, unless by
inflicting1 distress and disaster upon them, which
could never be vindicated; that while Congress
has no power to enslave, and no power to liberate,
the entire power of liberation is left exclusively
with the people of the separate communities, where
it originally belonged, where it is wisely left, and
where it will be most safely and beneficially
exercised; that all political agnation on this sub-
ject, outside of those communities where slavery
exists, with a view to act upon them, to coerce
them, to control them, or to accelerate their move-
ments, is only evtl to the African population, and
tends only to remove to an immeasurable distance
all hopes of the amelioration of their condition and
their final emancipation; and that this subject is
the only one which threatens the separation of
these States and the overthrow of the Govern-
ment—if, was impossible for me, entertaining:
these opinions, to vote against the Kansas and
Nebraska hill, or to concur in the views of the
majotity of the General Assembly, or to cooperate
witti them m legislative wurttue against the Con-
stitution and government of the country.
I differ in loto ftom the united political parties
which compose the present ruling majority in the
General Atssembly of Connecticut. I have never
had any political association with either of them,
but have been always opposed to both. I belong
to the school of strict-construction of the powers
of the Fedvmi Government, in favor of the rights
of theS.ntos. I am a strenuous advocate ot the
right, the capacity, ami the power of the people
to nmmige their own a Hairs, when oiganized with
a Legislature of their own, ami as strenuously
opposed to any external interference, from what-
ever quarter it may come. I have the most en-
tire confidence in the people of every community
within the limits of the United States, as the best
and safest judges of every social evil that may
exist among them, and of the time, manner,
and measure ol redress, and the most entire con-
viction of the policy and w sdom of leaving the
subject exclusively with them. 1 am hostile to
the power of any one community to domineer
ovei another community. 1 should be opposed
to a community composed of the best men on
earth, if it were possible to ascertain such in-
dividuals, exercising irresponsible power over
another community, unless by becoming part and
parcel of it. 1 am entirely opposed to the agita-
tion of the slavery question at the North, where
it has no subject to operate upon, as fraught with
evils of the greatest magnitude, not only to the class
proposed to be benefited, and to the people among
whom they dwell,but as leading inevitably, unless
arrested, to the subversion of the Government of
the country. These havelongbeen my cherished
opinions,openly avowed, well known to the people
whom! represent; and for entertaining them, and
for the purpose of carrying them into execution,
more than for any other cause, I am now entitled
to a seat in this body.
This coalescing majority have already clearly
and decisively manifested the principles by which
they are governed, and the policy they intend to
pursue. They have appointed in the place of my
late colleague two honorable gentlemen, of whom
1 would speak only in terms of the highest respect
and consideration, yet belonging to two political
organizations heretofore adverse and hostile, but
now acting in friendly concert, the one strictly
local and sectional, the other formerly embracing
a patriotic portion of the South, from which, 1
think, it is now severed. They have proposed,
by the concurrent action of both Houses, an
amendment of the State constitution, by which
the word " white" would be stricken out from the
qualification of electors, as they had an undoubted
right to do, although not long before it had been
voted down by an overwhelming majority of the
people. They have declared by & joint resolution !
of both Houses, in opposition to the constitutional
action of Congress, their " fixed purpose never to
consent" "to the admission of slaveholding States
from any portion" of the territory to which the
Missouri restriction originallyapphed; thus assail-
ing the Constitution of the United States on a vital
point—the equality of the States. They have, by
the concurrent action of both branches, passed an
act in the form of a law—
a That every person who shall falsely and maliciously
claim, decline, represent, or pretend, in presence of any
judge, commissioner, mai^hal, or other officer of the United
States lliat any person is a slave, or owes service or labor
to any person rtr persons, with intent to procure, or to aid
or assist in procuring, the forcible removal of .such other ,
person, shall p:iy a fine of &f>,0U0, and be lmpusoned five
years in the Connecticut State prison," and u that every
claim, declaration, pretense, or representation, that any
person h<;in«r or having been in the State, h or was a &lave,
or owes or did owe service to any other person or persons,
shall be deemed, in all eases ariMiiu undei this act, to he
prima fane i'uIm1 ami malicious; and the tiuth of any such
claim, declaration, pretence, or representation shall not he
deemed pioved except by the testimony of at least two
credible witnesses, testifying to laets dueetly tending to
c^tablwh the iruili ol such claim, declaration, jueten&e, or
representation, or by testimony equivalent thereto."
To say nothing of the bill which passed the Senate
of the State, prohibiting the use of court-houses
and jaih for the purposes of the fugitive law, or
of the bill which also passed the Senate incapaci-
tating any United States commissioner, marshal,
or deputy maishal, to hold any office of trust or
emolument under the Siate, both of which fell in
the House under the assaults of the Democratic
members, they have, by the act which I have re-
cited, if it be of any validity, nullified the act of
Congress commonly called the fugitive slave law.
They have made itprinik facie a penitentiary of-
fense, punishable by a fine of $5,000, and by five
years imprisonment at hard labor in a State prison,
to assert a claim under this law of Congress.
They have intiuded into the very presence of the
judge of the United States, their commissioners,
"marshals, and other officers, while in the perform-
ance of thoir imperative duties, and attempted to
arrest their official action by denouncing fine and
imprisonment upon the citizen who shall daie to
invoke their aid m the mode pointed out by this
act of Congress. They have thus set at defiance
the Executive, legislative, and judicial departments
of the Federal Government, and trampled under
foot the Constitution of the country. And this
is the combined political majority, who have un-
dertaken, without the least shadow of authority,
to set in judgment upon me, and to censure me
for upholding that Constitution, and concurring in
an admitted* constitutional enactment, which is
Imsed upon the equality of the States and the
principle of popular sovereignty, has received the
sanction of both Houses of Congress and of the
President, and is now the supreme law of the
land If I may he allowed to say it without too
great disrespect to those who have participated in
sending me these resolutions, 1 accept the vote of
censure as the highesteulogy which that majority
could pass upon me, and for the truth of my
assertion, 1 appeal to the judgment of the people
whom I represent, and to'the unemng judgment
of the country.
The time has come, I think, when the issue must
be met on this great principle of the equality of
tiie States under the Constitution, which lies
at the very foundation of the Federal Government.
Without such perfect equality of political right
among the members of this political copartner-
ship of States, it were vain to suppose that this
Union can long continue to exist. With it, the
Union may be perpetual. Now is the time to
meet this issue. After the recent outpouring of
the popular heart in the recent general election,
no more favorable juncture could arise for the
solution of this momentous question. It is forced
upon us, and it must be met. The untiring ef-
forts, long persevered in, to direct northern senti-
ment against the existing arrangements of the
Constitution, have at last, 1 fear, been ciowned
with a degree of success which may well excite
alarm, unless the people will rescue the country
from the danger which threatens it. The great
Whig party of the North seems to have become
thoroughly abolitionized, and to have given the sig-
nal which will expel thousands of patriotic union-
loving citizens from its ranks. Separating from the
Whigs of the South, uniting with the Abolitionists
of the North, they have begun in earnest a war-
fare upon the equal rights of the States, which,
unless arrested, will sever this country in twain,
and sacrifice it to the lust of political power. But
the people will again rally. The Democracy of
the North, as often heretofore, will again rally with
whatsoever there is of patriotism in the country,
and will again unfurl the Flag of the Union as
it is, and as it was intended to be by the men of the
Revolution, bearingupon it in letters of living light,
" The equality of the States," " The equal
rights of every portion of the confederacy,"
and will perish before it shall be humbled.
Mr. GILLETTE Mr. President: I feel deeply
embarrassed in appearing before the Senate m a
position of unavoidable antagonism to my honor-
able colleague; but under a sense of duty to the
State, which I have the honor in part to represent,
I must ask the indulgence of the Senate, a few
moments, while I notice some of the remarks
which have fallen from his hps on this occasion.
As antipodal as are our respective positions on the
Great (Question of the age and country, I trust that,
for the honor of our common State and the dig-
nity of the Senate, we mery always be on terms
of kindly intercourse. I do not intend, on account
of any contrariety of opinions, to become un-
mindful of the courtesies and proprieties which
appropriately belong to senatorial no less than to
civilized life.
1 do not rise, sir, with any wish or intention of
invalidating anything that my honorable colleague
has offered, any further than he has implicated
others in his defense. So far from it, I am willing,
nay, desirous, that he should have the full benefit
of all he can say, legitimately, in extenuation of his
course. I have no heart to aggravate, by any
word or deed of mine, the embarrassments of his
position; and had he conducted his defense with-
out assailing the honor of our common State,
which, it seems to me, we are alike interested to
preserve and defend, I should have been silent.
But, sir, 1 feel that the character.of the State of
Connecticut is deeply involved, and I should be
false to my convictions of duty and derelict to that
good old Commonwealth, if I should sit mute and
passive when her honor is assailed—that State
which stood second only to Massachusetts in the
revolutionary struggle—thatState whose history is
radiant with so many illustrious names, and which
has been a human hive, sending forth swarms of
| her adventurous and cultivated children, to lay the
social foundations of new regions, and mold their
institutions by education, vntue, and freedom—
that State, of which the great historian, Bancroft,
a citizen of Massachusetts, has said:
" There is no State in the Union, and I know not any in
the vvmld, in whose early history, if I were a citizen, I
could find more of winch to bo proud, ami less that I should
wish to blot :J}
That State, sir, to which the late Mr. Calhoun,
in a speech delivered on this floor, in February,
1847, said, with a magnanimity worthy of his
great name:
"It is owing mainly to the States of Connecticut and New
Jeisey, that we have a Fedaal instead of a National Gov-
ernment—the best Government instead of the worst and
most intolerable on earth. Who aie the men of these
Stales to whom we are indebted tor tins excellent form of
Government? I will name them—their names ought to be
written on bra^s, and Jive fort ver. They were Chief Justice
Ellsworth and Ro<jer Sherman, of Connecticut, and Judge
Patterson, of New Jersey. The other States further south
were blind ; they did not see the futuie. But to the cool-
ties* and saaacity o< tho«-e three men, aided by a few others
not so prominent, do we owe the piesent Constitution."
You will excuse me then, sir, for indulging a
little State pride, and feeling somewhat sensitive
when the honor of that State is assailed.
I shall detain the Senate but a few moments. I
shall not enter into abstract questions, or indulge
