THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, Isr Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1854.
New Series....No. 102.
in pettifogging subtleties; but shall only attempt
to disabuse the character of the State, of the as-
persions which have been cast upon it, that it may
shine forth in its native effulgence.
It miy not be unprofitable, in the first place, to
inquire what is the cause of the disagreement be-
tween my honorable colleague and the State which
we represent. Why has this unhappy difference,
to use no stronger term, arisen between a sover-
eign State and one of its Representatives on this
8oor ? It is one of the bitter fruits of the latest great
peace measure which was to settle all agitation
for all time m this country. It had its origin in
the overthrow of the Missouri compromise. This
is the pestilent box out of which it sprang. I will
state the facts as briefly as possible in relation to
this matter.
The proposition to violate the public faith by
the abrogation of that compromise, thus breaking
down the last barrier against slavery to all the Ter-
ritories of the United States, and leaving them
wide open to its dark inundations—Territories
which had been declared forever free by what was
considered at the time, to be a solemn and irre-
pealable compact—startled the good people of
Connecticut from their slumbers, and rallied them
to the polls at their late Slate election in April, and
the ballot boxes rang out their indignant " No."
This was the great issue in that election, and never
was there a political revolution in any State more
complete and signal. It was attended with no storm
of popular excitement. It was conducted with
remarkable moderation and calmness. Hardly a
leaf trembled in the hreeze. It was the natural,
spontaneous uprising of the people to avert agreat
impending calamity, and save themselves and
their country from its disastrous consequences.
Outside of the pale of the governmental officials
there was hardly a voice of dissent. The result,
sir, was what we should naturally expect. Both
branches of the Legislature were overwhelmingly
opposed to the odious measure. Soon after con-
vening, early in the month of May, the subject
was brought up, and resolutions presented declar-
ing it to he violative of the public faith, destruct-
ive of mutual confidence, subversive of the funda-
mental principles of natural justice, and threaten-
ing the stability of this Government; and they
instructed their Senators, and earnestly requested
their Representatives, to oppose it by all honor-
able means, and to the last extremity. These
resolutions passed the House by a vote of nearly
three to one, and in the Senate with only a single
negative.
Now, I submit to the consideration of honor-
able Senators, whether there was ever a fairer,
fuller, more explicit and authoritative expression
of the popular sentiment of any State, any where,
at any time, on any question? The Leeislature
expressed the sentiments of the people of Connec-
ticut on that momentous question. There was
hardly a discordant note from any quarter of the
State. These resolutions were duly forwarded to
Congress. The dreaded Bill soon came from the
House with an amendment for the final action of
the Senate, and what did my honorable colleague?
It is known to the Senate and the country. On
the memorable night of the final vote, a few mo-
ments before the question was put, he arose in his
seat, with characteristicdeliberation, and informed
the Senate that he was under instructions to vote
against the bill, but he had determined to disobey
the instructions of an Jlbolition Whig Legislature,
and vote for the bill. A beautiful exposition of the
doctrine of " popular sovereignty," by one of its !
distinguished advocates ! Hardly had the last j
word for popular sovereignty in Kansas and Ne-
braska died away upon his lips before he arises in '
this Senate Chamber, scouts the popular sover- ;
eignty of his own State as an Abolition Whig ;
sovereignty; and assumes autocratic sovereignty !
in opposition and defiance of the popular sover-
eignty.
This, Mr. President, is a simple and unvar-
nished statement of the case. Never was there a
fuller, fairer, more explicit, and authoritative ex-
pression of the popular will, and I leave it for
102
others to say whether there ever was a more
audacious and contemptuous violation of public
sentiment.
Insomuch as the good old Democratic doctrine
of the obligation of the representative to obey the
will of his constituents, has been dishonored, I
have nothing to say. I leave the honorable Sen-
ator with Jefferson and his constituents.
But my honorable colleague has seen fit to take
sanctuary in certain^other acts of the Legislature,
some of which he gravely says they did pass, and
some of which he also says they did not pass;
thus arraigning the Legislature of Connecticut
before the Senate, not only for sins of commission,
but also for sins of omission. Now, sir, 1 am
unable to see the pertinency of these matters to
the question before us—how the enactment or non-
enactment of good or bad laws by the sovereign
authority of a State, can justify its representative
in disobeying positive instructions, to vote against
a bad law here in the Senate, unless it has come
to pass in these latter times that, contrary to Scrip-
ture, the servant is greater than his master. I am
yet to learn whether the Legislature of Connecti-
cut is guilty of wrong-doing for enacting such
laws as it in its wisdom thought best.
The honorable gentleman has commented upon
some acts which the Legislature did not enact,
and upon some which they did, among which he
gave particular prominence to an '/Act for the
defense of liberty." This, in his judgment, con-
flicts with the Fugitive Act, for the safety of which
he is alarmed. Now, sir, f would not do the in-
justice to my honorable colleague to compare my-
self with him in legal science; but I have given
some attention to the law to which he has taken
exception, since I saw it heralded through the
country as " nullification," and 1 have not been
able to discover anything in it that needs to excite
the apprehensions of the most vigilant senTnras of
the Fugitive Act. I have consulted several eminent
civilians in relation to it, all of whom have assured
me that it conflicts with no law of the United
States. And I think I can safely challenge those
who assert to the contrary to produce the proof.
But, without detaining the Senate on this point,
I would here raise the question, whether, under
the Constitution of the United States, Connecti-
cut has not as much right to enact laws for the
protection ^pf the rights of her people, as South
Carolina has to enact laws for the destruction of
the rights of her people? Whether freedom may
not be protected under the Constitution as well
as slavery? Cannot Connecticut be indulged a
little with the privilege of protecting the rights
and liberties of her own people upon her own soil,
when a part of them, at least, have no protection,
except such as is furnished by prison-walls in
certain other States of this Union? Oh! Mr.
President, has it come to this, that we of the
North are all centralized, absorbed, melted down,
swallowed up, consolidated into this great, central,
usurping Government, and the northern States
are mere appendages, shorn and rayless satelites,
to revolve around this ali-absorbingcenter, in bor-
rowed light? God forbid ! To this momentous
question Connecticut, I rejoice to say, true to her
ancient fame, as the vigilant champion of State
rights, and mindful of her grand historic emi-
nence as a defender of liberty, answers, No. I
feel somewhat as the great friend of America and
liberty felt, when giving voice to these words in
the British Parliament in 177G:
" I rejoice that America has resisted. Three millions of
people s.o dead to all the feeling oflibfrty as voluntarily to
submit to slavery, would have been fit instiuments to make
slaves of the rett."
So I do rejoice that in the great conflict between
Democracy and Despotism, now begun in good
earnest, Connecticut has been so prompt to take
her position on the side of freedom, and to call
upon us to restore this Government to the old
foundations on which her Ellsworth and Sherman
were so active in establishing it, and separate it
from slavery ut once and forever. She has done
with all compromises with the peifidious violaters
and haughty contemners of the public faith, and
now says, return to the early policy of this Gov-
ernment, that of discouraging, restricting, arrd
discountenancing slavery everywhere under its
jurisdiction. She calls upon us to discard the vile
"and contemptible dogma that the Constitution of
the United States is a shield of slavery, or any*
wise countenances that most cruel and terrific des-
potism that has ever crushed humanity—a despot-
ism which denies the natural right of a man to his
own body; of a husband to his own wife; of a
father to his own child; which sells husbandj wife,
and child, separate or together, in the market-
places; which asserts chattel-slavery to be a Divine
and Democratic institution, and avows its base
purpose indefinitely to extend and forever to per-
petuate the terrific curse!
1 thank God, sir, Connecticut is washing her
hands from this blood, and calls upon us, in her
old voice of freedom, to cleanse this Government
from its guilty participation in the diabolical work
of inslaving and imbruting man. She invokes us
to disabuse the Constitution of the miserable dog-
mas which slaveholders have foisted into it, to
serve their own nefarious purposes, and restore
to it the original construction in which its illus-
trious framers conceived and established it—not
so much as admitting into it, according to Madi-
son, Sherman, and others, the blasphemous «* idea
that man can hold property in man." She in-
vokes us to return to the original policy of this
Government, as inaugurated by Jefferson, and in-
terdict slavery on every rod of territory under
ifs jurisdiction. She would have us see to it, that
this Government, President, Judges, Congress and
all, be speedily rescued from the foul embraces of
the great Southern Syren, raised up from its low
debauchment, to virtue and freedom, vitalized
anew by the inspiring breath of liberty, and re-
placed on the old foundations upon which the great
fathers established and left it, there to be reso-
lutely and actively on the side of free'dom.
It is meet and proper that the State of Ellsworth
and Sherman, who would not admit slavery into
the Constitution on any terms, the State of Put-
nam and Hale, who fought heroically for freedom,
should speak out clearly at such a crisis, and call
upon us to tear off from this Government the ac-
cursed vampire of slavery.
My honorable colleague has undertaken, for the
second or third time, to prove the Missouri com-
promise line unconstitutional. I will n_>t tax the
patience of the Senate with any reply, further
than to offset the opinion of President Monroe,
together with those of all his unrivaled Cabinet,
Calhoun, Crawford, Wirt, and John Q.. Adams,
against the argument and opinion of my honor-
able colleague.
I have the happiness to agree with my colleague
in the principle of popular sovereignty, only we
chance to have opposite views in carrying it out.
He favored the Nebraska-Kansas Bill for one
great reason that I opposed it. He regarded it as
promotive of the principle of popular sovereignty,
whereas I considered it, in all its details and ten-
dencies, as subserving the. antagonistic principle
of slaveholding sovereignty; and every day's de-
velopment, since its passage, has been confirming
the correctness of this view.
lie has also animadverted on the Fugitive Act,
and he is welcome to his opinions upon that sub-
ject. I do not intend ever to be drawn into a dis-
cussion of that measure. It might have an awk-
ward tendency toward pacification. No, Mr.
President, I am not the man to discuss the Fugi-
tive Act. I will not do it. T can never cast so
great an indignity upon the Constitution of my
country as to admit, by the remotest implica-
tion, the possibility that it could kennel such a
Cerberean monster. Tell me not of the consti-
tutionality of an act which, by one bound, vaults
over all the bulwarks of liberty in all the States of
this Union, and strikes down, at one blow, the
writ of Habeas Corpus, and the right of Trial by
Jury; which commits the great question of per-
sonal liberty, not to a judicial trial, but to a sum-
mary process, before a magistrate, appointed, not
by the President with the concurrence of the
