1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
Senate, but by the Court; which forbids the exer-
cise of Christian charity toward the poor and per-
ishing, under severe penalties; which seeks to
degrade man beiow the beasts winch perish, by
accounting him and his precious rights of too little
value to be entitled to a jury trial, less than twenty
dollars, which holds out the bribe of a double fee
to the petty commissioner foi dooming a human
being to slavery; which, in short, overthrows all
the safeguards of human rights, and leaves man
an easy prey to be de-spoiled and captured by
the pirate, the kidnapper, and the slave-hunter.
It wa3 conceived in sin, shapen in iniquity, and
baptized in blood. It has no rival in its savage
brutality—nothing in the code of any civilized
nation to compare with it, but towers alone in its
detestable preeminence of atrocious, unmitigated
villainy. I will never affront the Constitution of
my country so much as to hold up this frightful :
Gorgon before it, and ask the question—Is it con- j
stitutiona! ? Rather will I assist to drive it back !
howling to its native hell, if it would not be too ;
terrible an infliction on the damned. Tell me that ;
my constitutional oath imposes an obligation upon ,
me to obey this infernal act—I spurn the deed—I i
scorn the behest—I defy the authority. As if
our free fathers intended their children should act |
the slave-hunter and the bloodhound for the slave- j
holder; as if they bequeathed to us such an in- ]
htritance of crime, brutality, and shame. j
The Constitution which I swore to observe and j
maintain was ordained to establish justice and j
secure the blessings of liberty;" and in accord- |
ance therewith, expressly declares that ilna person
shall be deprived of life  liberty, or properly without
due process of law." By this I stand; by this I
will be judged.
I know that Connecticut, in the olden time, was
libeled by a Tory renegade, who absconded to
England to perpetrate his vindictive falsehood, as
the Blue Law State; but, by the blessing of God,
the numerous progeny which he left behind him,
shall never fasten upon her the damning infamy of
the Black Law State.
Do you accuse me of using strong language5 I
am fresh from the people, and have a right to use ,
strong language in their sovereign name, to whom j
I hold myself amenable. j
In conclusion, Mr. President, allow me to say !
that 1 feel a just and loyal pride swelling my oosom,
as I contemplate the position of the good old Com-
monwealth which 1 have the honor, in part, to
represent; she has begun a good work, and will
go on unto perfection. It gives me joy to think i
her dark days of servility and shame arc over, I
and she has entered upon a new career of free- j
dom and glory. But if, from any unforeseen mis- i
fortune, she should ever fall back again into the :
hands of the servile Philistines—theslavemonger-
ing Democracy—which Infinite Mercy avert!—I
will not follow the example of my honorable col- ,
league, and take advantage of her misfortunes, to i
insult arid expose her 4< before all Israel and the ;
sun;" but I will love her still, like a true son, for
what she was in the palmy days of her beauty ;
and pride; I will cherish and defend her to the last; j
I will
{£ Walk backward with averted ^a/.e,
And hale her yh.um.1."
Mr. TOIJCEY. Mr. President, I rise only for
the purpose of saying that it cannot be necest-ary
in this body, or before the country, to reply to
the remarks which have been mode by my col-
league. On the contrary, if he will not take it
unkindly, I will thank hun for furnishing an illus-
tration of the necessity of my having taken the
position which 1 occupy.
Mr. WELLER. What is the question before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFfCER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
print the resolutions of the Legislature ot Connec-
ticut.
The motion was agreed to.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
Mr. PETTIT. On the 33 of April last, the
Senate, by a resolution which i introducer!, called
upon the President for information as to the per-
formance of the stipulations of a treaty with the
Pottawatomie Indians made on the 26th of Oc-
tober, 183^. The Secretary of the Interior has
reported, furnishing the information which, I be-
lieve, was called for. I move, therefore, that the
report of the Secretary be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill which was
postponed yesterday, providing for the construc-
tion of a line of telegraph from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
first bill on the list of special oiders.
Mr. BROWN. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I can hardly
inform the Senator whether it has or not.
Mr. BROWN. U is one o'clock, and that is
the hour to which the insane bill was postponed.
I hope thnt bill will be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall finish the
insane bill to-day.
Mr. BP-OWN. If we take up the bill which ,
the Senator from California pioposes to tuke up, j
it is beyond ail question that we shall not j>et to '
the insane bill to-day, and we shall have to fix :
another hour to take the vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
on the orders of the day is the one referred to by
the Senator from California. Do 1 understand
the Senator from Mississippi as moving to pass
by this bill for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of the bill grunting lands for the
indigent insane?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. I do not understand the
object of my friend from Mississippi.
iYLr. BROWN. 1 wish to take up the insane
bill which has been votoed by the Piecident, and
have a vote upon it, as the hour fixed for its con-
sideration has arrived.
Mr. WELLER. Then 1 have no objection to
the motion of the Senator to postpone this bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. H AM LIN. I ask the Senator to withdraw
the motion for a minute, and I will then renew it.
I wtjJiilp offer a few amendments.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, air.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to amend the substi-
tute m the first section, lines seven and eight, by
striking out the words: u and \mdcr the jurisdic-
tion of," so as to make the bill conform to what
the rest of it is. It was originally diawn to apply
to unorganized territory.
The amendment was agreed to. §
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move next to insert in line
twelve, page four, of the printed substitute, the
words, u in the Territories," so that shall be
absolutely ccrtain that the lands granted shall be
taken in the Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is on
the last page of the printed bill, line ten, to strike
out the word "unorganized." It was pftt in
because it was supposed the bill would apply to
unorganized territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, and to make it the
special order for that hour.
Mr. CASS. I hope, before that order is made,
it will be distinctly understood that at one o'clock
to-morrow the homestead bill is to be taken up.
Mr. CHASE. Before this motion isagieed to,
I wi«h to undeistand whether it is understood that
this bill, which I desire to see taken up and dis-
posed of, will be acted on before one o'clock to-
morrow, or in the event that it shall not be dis-
posed of at that time, it will be laid aside, so that
the homestead bi'1 can be taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL. When, to-morrow?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir, to-morrow.
Mr. SUDELL. To-morrow is private bill
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing th.s bill until half pa^t twelve
o'clock to-morrow; but the Chair advises Sen-
ators that to-morrow is private bill day, and it
cannot then be constueied but by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BROWN. That being the case, I move
to postpone it until Monday, so as to get it out of
the way of private bills, it cannot suffer by a
day or two day's delay.
The inotion to postpone till Monday was agreed
to. Y
W INDIGENT INSANE BILL VETO.
The Senate resumed the reconsideration of the
bill making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the benefit of the indigent
insane persons, which had been returned by the
President of the United States with his objections.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Senate in
support of the Veto message, and also in vindica-
tion of his p5sition on the Kansas and Nebraska
bill. [His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I havealready,
some time ago, expressed, very fully, and at large,
my views upon this bill, in connection with the
objections taken by the President in his message.
I do not propose, as indeed it would be unpar-
donable for me, to occupy the Senate by any fur-
ther discussion, in addition to what 1 have here-
toforesubmitted on the particular matters embraced
in the general question; but as several members
of the Senate have done me the honor to refer in
their speeches to propositions which i laid down,
and particularly the honorable Senator fiom
Michigan [Mr. Cars] has paid no small attention,
in his very ingenious and able speech upon this
subject, to my views expressed in the Senate upon
it, i feel that it is due to myself, and due to the
subject, to say a few words in vindication of the
position which 1 have assumed in relation to the
power of this Government over the public lands.
i took occasion to say that the power conferred
upon Congress "to dispose of" the public lands
and other "property of the United States, being a
power granted without any express limitation,
being in its very nature an exclusive power, which
could never have been possessed by the States,
and could not be divided between this Government
and the States, must necessarily be an absolute
and unlimited power, except so far as the Consti-
tution itself had withdrawn certain subjects from
the powers of this Government. For the purpose
of illustrating and enforcing the view which I took
upon that subject, I cited, from the posthumous
work of the late illustrious Senator from South
Carolina, Mr. Calhoun, the view which he takes
of the nature of the treaty-making power conferred
upon this Government, where, upon precisely the
same grounds, he considers that power ys liable
only to certain necessarily implied limitation^,
which he proceeds, with gieat clearness and accu-
racy, to specify. I deduced from this view of
Mr. Calhoun's, just and statesmanlike as it is,
that the power conferred upon Congress over the
public lands, being in every respect whatever like
the power conferred on the President, with the
assent of the Senate, to make treaties, being an
exclusive power conferred in general terms, snb-
ject to no particular limitations expressed, and,
] j in its nature, one that could not be reserved to the
i! States, it follows, therefore, that this power was
\\ subject to no restrictions, cxc.ept those which be-
: longed of necessity and by implication to the
,1 treaty-making power itself.
;i The honorable Senator from Michigan seemed
; to consider that neither the original remarks which
j I cited from Mr. Calhoun, nor the application
which I made of them to the case in hand, was
\ entitled to very considerable value or respect.
- With regard to the original remarks of Mr. Cal-
i houn, I think, upon examination, they will com-
'• mend themselves to every Senatoi, and to the
honorable Senator from Michigan himself, as fur-
i' ni&hins, the result of a veiy profound and states-
manlike mind applied to the exposition of the
' great instrument which originated and maintains
i our Government. With regard to my application
I of them, that is a question before the Senate. No
!; man has yet shown, no man can show, that the
; two cases do not stand, as we lawyers say,on all
,j fours; and that, if the rule applied by Mr. Cal-
'] houn as a just mode of interpreting the granted
j power to make treaties, be a correct one, itgoverris
. the question as to the interpretation to be put upon
i the power " to dispose of" the public lands.
, s Nor does it concern me, sir, to inquire why Mr.
: Calhoun did not follow out to the disposition of
! the puhhc lands the rule which he had so clearly
'j hud down in regard to the treaty-making power,
:! and what motives or influences might have per-
| verted his judgment in not seeing the direct, the
; | clear, the unmistakable analogy between the two
w cases. That was his affair. 1 had his rule clear,
