52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. W,
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy during the year
ending June 30, 1855; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, to which was referred the bill of the
House, No. 37, to encourage agriculture and all
other branches of industry, by granting to every
person who is the head of a family one hundred
and sixty acres of land out of the public domain,
upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same for the period therein specified, reported
back the same without amendment.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, wkh the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the bill be made
the special order for the second Tuesday in Feb-
ruary next.
Mr. HOUSTON.
bill a special order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
For what day ?
The second Tuesday in
Is it proposed to make that
Mr. HOUSTON.
The SPEAKER.
February.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to its being made
a special order. It is out of order to make such a
motion without a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Have not a major-
ity of the House a right to make this bill a spe-
cial order?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It can do so by a suspen-
sion of the rules; but you cannot suspend the
rules to-day.
Mr. JONES. I have no doubt that two thirds
of the House are in favor of the suspension of
the rules, in order to make that bill a special order,
and I will make that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that the House has no right to
make a special order >
The Chair decides no such thing: but that it
was not in order to make a motion of that kind at
this time. i
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will it be in order at
any time?
The SPEAKER. It will, if the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. PIAVEN. I move to lay the bill upon the
, table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We can suspend
the rules on Monday.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 withdraw the appeal,
and also the motion, to make;-the bill a special
order.
ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF
THE TREASURY.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution provid-
ing for the printing of fifteen thousand extra
copies of the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances, reported
that tt>e printing of each number would cost thir-
teen and a half cents, and that it is expedient that
that number should be printed. The eo'mmittee
recommend that the resolution do pass.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution .
Mr. HOUSTON. There was no resolution, I
made a motion to print extra copies, and that mo-
tion was referred to the Committee on Punting.
The SPEAKER. The following is the order
of the House on the subject:
'' Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, to jnquire into Ific exicdr-ney of pnntin^ fifteen tliou- I
barwl extra copies of the annual report of the Seeretaty of j
the Treasury on the state of the finances." !
Upon what is theHouse to vote? j
 Jr" MURRAY. On the report, I presume. ]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose the question j
will be upon the adoption of the report of the
committee.
Mr. MURRAY. To obviate the difficulty, I
offer the following resolution:
Rc:;ol<:cd, Titut fifteen thousand extra copies of tlie annual
repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances be printed for the use of the House.
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for petitions, commencing with the State of
Maine.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MEACHAM gave notice of his intention
to-morrow, or on some future day, to introduce
a bill to repay to the State of Vermont the money
which was expended by her during the war of the 1
Revolution.
Also, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the fourtii installment of the pub-
lic money that was ordjfed by the law of June,
1836. W
PURCHASE OF MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. SAGE. I hold in my hand a joint reso-
lution, of which previous notice has been given,
which I hope and believe will receive the favorable
consideration and action both of the committee to
which I propose to refer it, and of this House.
The signs of mourning around this Hall for the
loss of an eminent and patriotic citizen, make this
a fitting occasion to introduce this resolution, as it
relates to the purchase of the home and sepulcher
of the Father of his Country. It is a joint reso-
lution, authorizing the Secretary of the Interior,
provided he first obtains the consent of the State ■
of Virginia, to contract with the proprietor or pro-
prietors for the purchase of the estate of Mount j
Vernon.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do you want the
estate for an arsenal, a fort, or what?
Mr. SAGE. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to lay the
joint resolution on the table.
Mr. SAGE. Oh, I hope not.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask that the joint
resolution may be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It provides
that the Secretary of the Interior, (provided he
shall first obtain the consent of the State of Vir-
ginia,) be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract
with the proprietor, or proprietors, of the estate
of Mount Vernon, for the purchase of the same
for the use of the United States, on such terms as
he may deem just and expedient; and that the sum
he shall agree to pay for said estate shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRUM. 1 would inquire of the Chair,
whether the motion is to lay the whole subject
upon the table, or merely the motion of reference ?
The SPEAKER. The motion, as the Chair
understands, is to lay the whole subject upon the
table.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
lay upon the table was disagreed to—yeas 96,
nays 103; as follows: " '
YF.A3—Slussrs. David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bavly
Banks. Barksilale, Baity, Richer, Kenton, liissH], Uncock'
ISoyce. Breckinridge, Brooks, Caskie, Churehwell, f!]in«-
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craijje, Thomas Davis. Dawson
De Witt, Disney, Dowiicll, Dunham, Eastman, Ediferron'
Kdmiuids-oii, Elliott, Ellison, Emm.', Faulkner, Fuller
Uiiidinjs, Gooile, Green, Grow, Sampson W. Harris'
Wiley p. tlanis, Hastings, Hibbard. Ilillyer, Houston'
IiiKor&oll, Tohnson, Daniel T. Jonns,'Geo," a W. Jones'
Knhvell, Kittiedge, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lindsay'
Sejmoiir, Shannon, Shaw, ShowerrsinriVton"* SkeS',
(jrcnit Smith, Samuel A. tfiinth, Goo rare W. SmvUi. s od.
Smith, Goorge W. Smyth, Snod-
i IfHndriL'k B. Wrighl~-9fl.
! NA,TS—^srl A"ken,1VillH Allen, Appleton, Ball, Ben
son, Bliss, Busk, Lewis D. Campbell, Carpenter, Carntheps,
Chariih-ilain,Chandler,Chase,Cliastam, C'hrismnn. Oaik
Cook, Coi win, Crocker, Culloin.Cumniinjr,Cftrtis,Cuttiii"!
t°.i" D®nt, Diclt, Dickinson, Drum, Dunbar,
Eddy, Edniands, English, Ethendgc, Everhart, Farley,
Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, GamMe, Greenwood
Aason Harlan. Andrew J. Hnrlan, Harrison, Hendricks'
Heim, HMister, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Kerr, Knox!
Kurtz, Lane, Lilly, McCulloch, M-itteson, _\lav, Mea-
cham, Middleswfutb, John G. lUi'ler, Smith Miller, Mor-
gan, Muriay, Noiton, Olds, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oli-
ver, Parker, Peck, Pennington. l i-hop Peikins, John
Perkins, Pi ingle, Purvear, Rr-ady, Reese, David Ruclue,
Russell, Sabin, Sage, Seward, Simmons, Richard If. Stan-
tori, Hector L. Stevens, Straub, John L. Ta\Ior, Tiacy,
Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Walker, Wan en, Eihhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn. Wei If, John Wentwortli.
Tappan Wentwortli, Wheeler, Yates*, and ZolhcofFer—103.
So the motion to lay upon the table was disa-
greed to.
Previous to the announcement of the ahove
vote,
Mr. WALSH said: As this seems to be a prop-
osition to allow some degenerate individual to
speculate in the sacred ashes of the Father of his
Country, I change my vote from " no" to "aye."
Mr. SAGE. I withdraw my motion to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee on Ways
and Means, and move its reference to a select com-
mittee. I do wo, because I noticed that a majority
of the members of the Committee on Ways and
Means voted in favor of laying it upon the table,
very much to my surprise and disappointment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 was just about to suggest
to the gentleman that the Committee on Ways
and Means was not the appropriate committee to
which to refer his proposition. It should rather
be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, which is also one of the standing
committees of the House. I submit the motion
to so refer it.
Mr. JONES. It should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands,v'n my judgment.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I know of no authority
in this Government to buy land except for dock-
yards, arsenals,and thelike purposes, and, unless
that property is to be applied in that manner, I do
not know how we can purchase it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia yield the floor to me a moment
that 1 may ask him a question?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether he did not report and vote for
a bill in favor of paying the expenses of the fili-
busters to bring them here from Spain; and where,
if he cannot find the power in the Constitution to
purchase this land, he found the power to pay
those expenses ?
Mr. BAYLY. I will refer the gentleman to
the Congressional Globe, where he will find from
whence that power was derived.
Mr. BISSELL. I propose that the resolution
be discussed before it«is passed. I do not know
of how many acres this estate consists.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for one minute?
Mr. B-iSSELL. I have but a single word fur-
ther, and then the gentleman can have the floor
altogether.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
Does not the resolution, debate arising, go over^
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is a joint
resolution, and in the nature of a hill, and the
motion now is to refer it, which motion is debat-
able.
Mr. BISSELL. The proposition is to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to purchase the
Mount Vernon estate, and to take the money
from the Treasury to pay for it. Of how many
acres does that estate consist? There are not ten
members in this House who can teli me. For-
merly it consisted of six or seven thousand acres,
and I do not know but that it consists of as many
now. What are we going to do with six or seven
thousand acres of land on the Potomac,"if pur-
chased under this resolution? Who is going to
take care of it? What disposition is to be made
of it? Under whose control is it to be? If this
thing is to be done—and I do not know that the
American people are averse to the purchase of the
ground in which repose the remains of Washing-
ton—it be done regularly; let us understand
what we are about. 'Let us know how many
acres we are purchasing; more than that, let us
know how much we are to pay for it. I am
opposed to the resolution in toio; and if it is to be
referred, J hope that it will go to that committee
whicn will be the least likely to carry out the in-
tention of the mover of the resolution.
