1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
Mr. OHURCHWELL. I desire to ask my
friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to state to the
House the feeling of Virginia with respect to
yielding her jurisdiction to that property.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I can answer for
Virginia, with great confidence, that she will not
cede her jurisdiction over any part of her soil to
the General Government, except for those pur-
poses which the Constitution provides for; and
those purposes are defined in the Constitution. I
stand with great confidence on the declaration
that she heretofore refused, and that she will con-
tinue to refuse, to surrender that jurisdiction.
Mr.CHURCHWELL. Then it seems to me
that it is unnecessary to legislate further on the
subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I doubt very much
whether the honorable gentleman from the State
of "Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] is authorized to speak
for that Commonwealth. It may be that the in-
terests of Virginia are under his control* and that
he is the exclusive guardian of her rights.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me——
Mr. CAMPRELL. I am aware, sir, that when-
ever there is any controversy in this House in re-
lation to any matter of office affecting Virginia,
that the gentleman [Mr. Bayly] is the exponent
of her rights; but I may be allowed to question
his authority to speak for her. Now, sir, as to
this resolution—if it be true, as thegentleman says
it is, that Virginia will not cede her rights to the
property in question, there is no harm in it, because
without that right there is no authority given by
the resolution to make the purchase.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] says that I have no right to speak for
Virginia; that is unquestionably truev But I ask
the gentleman in return, if her united delegation
has not the right to speak for her? And they
have spoken for her, by voting, every one of
them, to lay that resolution on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. Still, Mr.
Speaker, 1 do not admit the position of the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Bayly,] that the united delegation of
Virginia in this House can control that question.
It strikes me that it is vested in her legislative
power—in the Legislature of her State—in her
power as a sovereign State of this Union. And I
doubt very much whether she has ever transferred
to her entire delegation any authority on this sub-
ject. Except the gentleman will produce resolu-
tions from his State Legislature, instructing the
delegation to oppose any proposition of this kind,
I cannot admit the position he has assumed.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman [Mr.
Campbell] allow me to interrupt him ? If the
delegation from Virginia on this floor are not au-
thorized to speak for her, certainly her Legisla-
ture is, and that Legislature has repeatedly spoken,
and said, in most decided terms, that she will not
cede her jurisdiction for such a purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is something more
like meeting the question than the answer given
by the other gentleman, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. GI DOINGS. I wish to inquire whether,
if you get the land front^Virginia, it is the inten-
tion to apply the Wilmot proviso to it?
Mr. CAMPBELL.- In reply to my colleague,
[Mr. CrmmNGs,] 1 will simply say this, that 1 have j
understood, from some intimations which have
been thrown out, that it is probable that the !
Union may be endangered soon again, and I do |
not know any better territory on which it can be ,
saved again,if neccssary, than at Mount Vernon.
The gentleman from Virginia wishes to pio-
pound a question, and I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to remind the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who sain that
my colleague [Mr. Lctciilr] assigned a better
reason than I did, that I assigned precisely the
same reason that he did.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I did not under-
stand the gentleman to refer at all to any action
of the Sfate Legislature of Virginia upon the
point. He confined his response to the fact that
her united delegation here said thus and so upon
the question.
One word more, and I am through. Tip;- reso-
lution provides that the Secretary of th ^Interior
may make this purchase if the State of Arirginia
is willing to cede her jurisdiction over it. If it
he true that the State of Virginia does not intend
to cede her jurisdiction of this territory, as a mat-
ter of course there can no difficulty arise out of
the passage of this resolution. But, inasmuch as
it is a matter of complaint the world over, that
the tomb of Washington is neglected, that the
very ground he once beautified with his own hand
is growing up with brambles and bushes, it seems
to me that fact of itself is an appeal to the State
of Virginia, and to the National Legislature, in
favor of taking some steps for the purpose of
having it preserved.
Mr. YATES, Is an amendment now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. YATES. I wish to have the resolution
amended before it is referred to a committee, as I
understand from the terms of the resolution the
committee is to inquire into the expediency of
making this purchase, provided the assent of the
State of Virginia can be obtained. I desire to
have it so amended, so as to strike out the words
" that the consent of Virginia can be obtained."
This is not public property, but private. Let us
buy the property first. It belongs to the Union.
The fame of Washington belongs to his country.
Let us buy the property first, and then pay Vir-
ginia for her jurisdiction. When we have pur-'
chased the property, and it is ours, there is too
much patriotism in the " Old Dominion " to refuse
to cede jurisdiction to the United States. I want
to see Mount Vernon the spot where every Ameri-
can can pay his pilgrimage, and pay his devotion
to the character and services of thfi illustrious
Father of his Country.
I do notagree with my colleague, [Mr. Bissell.]
I do not care whether there is a thousand, or four
thousand, or a million of acres. It is not a ques-
tion of cost merely, but of sacred obligation—of
justice to the memory of the beloved Washington.
His is a name dear to every American heart; and
I would have money poured out freely, yea, if
necessary, lavishly, to testify our high admiration
and lasting gratitude for his exalted character and
illustrious services.
Then, sir, if it were in order, I would move to
strike out that portion of the resolution which
provides that the consent of the State of Virginia
is first to be obtained.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
resolution, as ray vote indicated; and no amend-
ment can place it in such a shape that I can give
it my consent. My colleague from the State of
Illinois [Mr. Yates] is in favor of pouring out
the money of the people very lavishly for this
purpose. I expect two years hence, when can-
vassing our Sta<e, to hear my colleague [Mr.
Yates] refer to this matter as a matter of a prodi-
gality on the part of a Democratic Congress. I
have heard of such things before. They say they
want to buy Mount Vernon, that American citi-
zens may make a pilgrimage there. It is Gov-
ernment property.
Suppose you buy this property ? Does not the
same reason exist for buying the site of the battle-
fields upon which your liberties were won J Is
there not the same reason for baying the residences
of the Presidents of the United States, whose
memories are deeply cherished by the American
; people?
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to ask :
j respectfully of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
1 Richardson,] one question, and that is, whether j
he did not vote for the appropriation of money to !
I pay for the equestrian statue of General. Jackson?
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not remember,
j Mr. CAMPBELL. I think he did. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not see the point
of the inquiry. I am not discussing the question
of constitutional power, but the question of ex-
pediency, and I ask if there is not the same rea-
son for purchasing some of these other places ot
which I have spoken, the residences of men
whose names are immortal in our history—of
men who gave to the world the Declaration of
Independence. If theieis a reason for purchas-
ino-MountVernon, the same reason will hold good
for purchasing Monticello; and when we embark
in enterprises of this kind, I do not know where
we are to stop. I say to gentlemen that I am
opposed to this thing at the outset: and it it gets
through this House, it will be after every impedi-
ment that I, for one, can throw in the way of its
passage. 1 move to ky the resolution upon the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That question has already
been decided. We have voted once upon a mo-
tion to lay the resolution upon the table.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to make the
motion again; for since the motion to lay the res-
olution upon the table was made and voted upon
by the House, action has been had upon the res-
olution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Richardson] to withdraw the motion
he has made for a moment, and I will renew It.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has not the
motion of reference been changed since first it
was made?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Ways and Means
has been withdrawn, and a motion made by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] to refer
it to a select committee, and then several other
motions to refer to different committees have been
made.
Mr. CULLOM. Has there been action by the
House?
The SPEAKER. That of itself is action. We"
have had debate upon the propositions to refer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will withdraw, for the
present, my motion to lay the resolution upon the
table.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not intend to detain the
House but a moment upon a proposition which I
think is so important. It is due to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sage] who moved in this
matter, to grant him the reference of the subject
to a select committee, or some one of the standing
committees of the House, to make the necessary
inquiries in regard to it. If the committee re-
port against it, and the House think proper to vote
against the proposition hereafter, it can be easily
done. The vote of the House this morning is an
evidence of the public sentiment in regard to this
matter; and the indications given for many years
by the people,in every section of the country, have
attracted the public attention towards the question -
of purchasing the Mount Vernon estate, in some
form or other, to preserve it as the property of the
Union. 1 am not, for one, in favorof an extrava-
gant expenditure for this object.
It was the opinion of gentlemen of all political
parties with whom I have' served here, when we
were about to establish, at the West, a Military
Asylum for aged soldiers who had worn out their
lives in the public service, that another should be
established at Mount Vernon; but owing to a dif-
ference of opinion, or the extravagant price asked
for the estate, or for some other reason, the Mili-
tary Asylum selected for this neighborhood was
located north of this city, and not at Mount
Vernon. The other has been located in the west-
ern country.
The inquiry proposed by this resolution can
certainly do no one any injury; and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sage,] who has pro-
posed it, has done himself honor. Every member
of this House, and every citizen of the country,
who goes to Mount Vernon—who makes the pil-
grimage of patriotism and pleasure to the home
of the'Father of his Country, is at once struck
I with the impressiontthat there is an absolute and
imperious necessity'thauthe tomb of Washing-
ton, and at least a smalhportion of.the^grounds
adjoining, should be made theiproperty of the
nation; that it should be preserved from dila|'i-
dation, and made free^of access to every citizen
who chooses to visit'it. It is now'the^private
property, I understand, of a gentleman'by the
name of Washington; but you, Mr. Speaker,
know, and every member of this House knows,
that among the citizens of the United States who
visit this metropolis, thousands go to Mount
Vernon to look upon thehomeofthatgreat patriot
 the Father of his Country—whose memory
we all love, reverence, and venerate as that of
the man who was chiefly instrumental .m build-
in<>- up our independence and freedom. _
S:r no private citizen can afford to incur the
expense to keep these grounds and buildings m
such a-State of preservation as the public de-
mand Under the existing state of things, the
large bodies of people coming to the metrop-
olis of the nation, who weekly and tn-weekly go
to view the last resting-place of Washington, are
kindly permitted access by the private propnetot;
