1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
the scrip representing the lands, but it expressly
requires annual returns of the amount of scrip sold,
names of purchasers, price, &c.
This obligation of periodical accountability is
at war with all the views 1 entertain of the proper
relations that should exist between sovereign
States and the Federal Government; and 1 cannot
vote for any bill in which provisions so deroga-
tory to the dignity of the States shall be retained.
I feel confident that the Legislature of Louisiana
would repudiate any grant that sought to impose
such an accountability. Should a bill be here-
after introduced free from objections of the char-
acter I have stated, and the instructions of the
Legislature of Louisiana be not revoked, I shall,
in despite of my individual convictions, feel my-
self bound to vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon the passage, through the Senate, after
its reconsideration, of the act making a grant of
public lands to the several States of the Union for
the benefit of indigent insane persons. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the bill pass?" and upon that
question the Constitution orders the yeas and nays
to be taken.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Fish] has been detained in New York;
and, if he had been here, he would have voted for
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Upon this question I have
paired off with the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Foot,] he being in favor of the bill.
Mr. DIXON sttcted that his colleague, [Mr.
Thompson,] if he had been present, would have
voted for the bill.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 21,
nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Chase,
Clayton, Cooper, Dixon, Fessenden, Geyer, Gillette, Gvvin,
Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell,
Seward, Stuart, Sumner, and Wade—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bayard,
Bright, Brodhead. Butler,Cass, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Tovva, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatriek, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Norns, Pettit, lltisk,
Sebastian, Shdell, Toucey, Wellcr, and Williams—26.
So the bill was not passed.
CORRECTION OF REPORT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Air. CLAY. I hope the Senator will allow me
to make an explanation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to correct an error in the
report of the proceedings of yesterday, in which
it is said:
" Mr. Clay stated that he had agreed to pair off with the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who was m favor of
the bill."
The bill alluded to was to establish the line of
steam mail ships between San Francisco and
Shanghai. 1 may have said the Senator from
Michigan. It may have been my own error, not
the reporters. I desire to state, however, that I
should have said, if I did not say, that it was the
Senator from Illinois, whom I had paired off with,
and who was in favor of the bill.
PETITION.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of the ex-
ecutor of Daniel Randall, late deputy paymaster
general of the Army, praying compensation for
the services of the testator in receiving and dis-
bursing the duties and assessments levied in the
City of Mexico for the support of the Army during
the late war with that Republic; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPER WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the memo-
rial of Richard M. Johnson.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Moren
Moore, praying to be allowed an increase of pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of Re-
becca P. Stansbury and others, heirs of Thomas
Peters, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
DONATIONS OF LAND IN ARKANSAS.
On the motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill to revive, for a limited time, an act
in relation to donation of lands to certain persons
in the State of Arkansas.
It proposes to direct that all claimants to dona-
tions in the State, which have been adjudicated and
allowed by the register and receiver, in the proper
land district, m virtue of the provisions of the eighth
section of the act of May 24,1838, (to aid the State
of Ohio in extending the Miami canal from Dayton
to Lake Erie, and to grant a quantity of land to said
State to aid in the construction of canals author-
ized by law, and for making donations of land to
certain persons in Arkansas Territory,) and which
have not been located and patent certificates issued,
or which, having been located, were compelled to
yield to other, prior rights, either in whole or in
part, and not subsequently relocated within the
period fixed by law, may be entered with the reg-
ister of any one of the land offices in Arkansas,
at any time within two years from the passage of
the bill, in the same manner, and under the same
restrictions and conditions as existed prior to May
24, 1838, as continued in the act revived; but no
such claim is to be located against which fraud
has been, or may be, alleged, and to which all ob-
jections shall not already have been removed to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
UTAH MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 desire to say to
my friend from Arkansas, that if there is any
great necessity for going into Executive session,
I shall not object to it, but there are four or five
small bills, which have come from the House of
Representatives, and been referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, and reported back unani-
mously for the action of the Senate, and m which
the Territories are very much interested. The
Territories are very anxious to have them passed.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will permit them to
be acted upon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Tennessee, that those bills can he
more properly acted upon during the morning
hour. I have Uvo or three such bills in my charge,
but I prefer bringing them up during the morning
hour. I will say further to the Senator, it is neces-
sary that we should go into Executive session on
matters of importance.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have been desir-
ing for some days to get these bills up; but I have
no disposition to interfere with the motion of the
Senator from Arkansas. If it is necessary, there-
fore, to go into Executive session, I am willing to
withdraw my motion.
Mr.. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Arkansas will not object to the motion
j of the Senator from Tennessee. It is a matter of
i some consequence to him.
, Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move in the first
| place that the Senate proceed to the consideration
' of the bill from the House of Representatives to
, provide for the construction of a military road
I from Great Salt Lake City, in the Territory of
1 Utah, to the eastern boundary of California,
i The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
; in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
: sider the bill.
| It proposes to appropriate $25,000, to be ex-
1 pended under the direction of the Secretary of
i War, for the object designated.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
j third time, and passed.
i OREGON MILITARY ROAD.
| Onthemotionof Mr. JONES,of Tennessee,the
j Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
; to consider the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the continuation of the military road
from Myrtle Creek to Scottsburgh, in Oregon.
It proposes to appropriate the sum of $20,000,
to be expended for the purpose under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a j
third time, and passed. !
CIVIL OFFICERS IN" NEW MEXICO.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill ftom the House of Represent-
atives for the payment of the civil officers em-
ployed m the Territory of New Mexico, while
under civil government.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of War
to pay to the civil officers employed in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, while it was under military
government, the salaries due to them from Septem-
ber 22, 1846, until March 3,1851, according to the
rate of compensation prescribed by the organic
law promulgated by General Stephen W. Kearney
for the government of the Territory, deducting
therefrom such sums as have already been paid
to them from the treasury of said Territory; but
under the provisions of the bill no compensation
is to be made to any officer of the Army of the
United States for discharging the duties of any
civil office in the Territory.
It further proposes to authorize the Secretary
of War to pay such agent as may be appointed
to receive the same, on behalf of the Territory,
$12,098 64, the amount advanced from the treas-
ury of the Territory in part payment of the sal-
aries of the civil officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ROGUE RIVER WAR.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,
the Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives, to authorize the Secretary of
War to settle and adjust the expenses of the
Rogue River Indian war.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
settle on just and equitable principles all claims
for services rendered in that war, and for subsist-
ence, forage, and stores, as well as for other
necessary and proper supplies for the prosecution
of the war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, to refund to the Territory of Utah the
expenses incurred by said Territory in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
ascertain and pay the amount incurred inthesup-
pression of the hostilities during 1850 and 1851,
provided it shall not exceed $20,940 65.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
ROADS AND WELLS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President -
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a territorial bill
which I desire to have acted upon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. J beg that the Senator
from Illinois will not press it now. I have seve-
ral such bills under my charge, but \ am now
admonished that only about three quarters of an
hour remain until the usual hour of adjournment
to-day, and I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, for
the construction of certain military roads and
wells in the Territo?y of New Mexico.
It appropriates #20,000 for the construction and
repair of the road from Taos to Santa Fe, and
§12,000 for the road from Santa Fe to Dona
Ana, any portion of which amount may be ap-
plied to the sinking of wells, if required by the
necessities of the last named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the House bin making further
