54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
but every gentleman must see how desirable it is
that this property should be made the property of
the nation.   .
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to give way for a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. In accordance with my prom-
ise to the gentleman from Illinois, I now make a
motion which I hope will not prevail. I move
that the resolution do lie upon the table
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I have understood—and I
wish, to know whether my information is cor-
rect—that the present proprietor of Mount Ver-
non makes it a matter of charge to the individuals
visiting there.
Mr. SAGE. That is what we want to obviate.
Mr. TAYLOR. In reply to the gentleman from
Illinois, I can only say that I have gone there
myself several times within the last two or three
years, and many of the members of this House
have been there, without charge. But, Mr. Speak-
er, if there be any charge upon the part of the
private proprietor for visiting this property, that
is still another reason for the passage of this or
some similar resolution, which shall transfer it to
the possession of the public. Let it be pur-
chased by the Government, including one hundred
or one hundred and fifty acres of land, then let the
military arsenat or asylum in this neighborhood
be sold or abandoned, and the home of Washing-
ton secured to the nation for the purpose of a mil-
itary asylum, or refuge for old soldiers, who have
worn out their lives in the defenseof then-country.
Some arrangement of this kind seems to be neces-
sary, in order that there may be a judicious and
economical expenditure for the purchase of this
property, which, as I before remarked, must be
done to prevent it from dilapidation and decay.
But, sir, I do not wish to detain the House in
this matter, and I therefore now renew the mo-
tion to lay the resolution upon the table, although
I hope the motion will not prevail, but that the
resolution will go to a select committee.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will withdraw it, with the
consent of the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Rich-
ardson]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will yield m favor of
my colleague.
Mr. BISSELL. I desire to say a word to my
colleague over the way, [Mr. Yates,] who ex-
pressed his willingness to be very lavish in dis-
posing of the people's money for the attainment
of this object. Sir, we all know that it is not at
all uncommon to find individuals who are ready to
be very lavish of other people's money; but, for
my own part, I will never vote for any such prop-
osition as that contained in this resolution. I
wish it to be understood, however, that 1 do not
declare it to be my purpose to vote against all
propositions that may be made for the purchase of
a portion of the grounds at Mount Vernon. If a
proper bill, or joint resolution, with such restric-
tions as shall guard the people's treasure, and put
it out of the power of the Secretary of the Interior,
or anybody else, to lavish " millions," as my col-
league has it, I will support it with hearty good
will. The proposition, however, as it now stands,
is monstrous; for it puts it within the power of
one man to pay just such price as he may think
proper for the estate of Mount Vernon—an estate
of almost illimitable extent—and for which, to my
certain knowledge, the proprietor has heretofore
asked, at least, half a million of dollars. 1 will
not detain the House by any further remarks. I
promised to renew the motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and I now make that motion.
Mr. SAGE. I ask my friend from Illinois to
withdraw that motion for a moment. I will not
detain the House long.
Mr. BISSELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. SAGE. In introducing this resolution, I
had no idea that this discussion would have arisen
this morning, nor had I any motives other than
those of the highest respect for the memory of
Washington. I am aware that there has been au
unwillingness on the part of the Legislature of
Virginia to cede her jurisdiction over this place; but
I had hoped that experience and the lapse of time
would have modified that feeling. Sir, the people
of the State 1 have the honor in part to represent
here—the State of New York—have shown their
love for the memory of the Father of his Country
by the acts of their Legislature, and by pur-
chasing his ""headquarters at Newburg; and 1 be-
lieve that the resolution which has been offered
here this morning is not only in accordance with
the feelings of the people of the State of New
York, but with those of nineteen twentieths of the
people of the United States. 1 evinced no un-
willingness to have this matter referred either to a
standing committee or a select committee, so as to
give them ample opportunity of investigating it,
and of reporting understandingly to the House, so
that we may act upon it understandingly.
But some gentleman intimated that there was
to be great extravagance indulged in in this mat-
ter. Sir, 1 am one of the minority, and on their
part I deny the existence of any such feeling. If
gentlemen will reflect a little, I think they will find
that votes have been given in this House, and are
on record heie, exhibiting such extravagance for
objects far less worthy, and far less interesting to
the public than that embraced in this resolution.
I hope the motion to refer to a select committee
will prevail.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from New York allow me to ask him a question ?
His allusion to extravagance, in the manner in
which he spoke of it, appeared to me to be a direct
attack upon me as Inning voted for extravagant
expenditures.
Mr. SAGE. I did not intend to refer to the
gentleman from Illinois at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is sufficient.
Mr. SAGE. 1 intended, after finishing the re-
marks 1 last made, to have called for the previous
question. I ask the previous question now.
Mr. YATES. 1 hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw the call for the previous
question. I merely wish to say a single word.
Mr. SAGE. 1 will withdraw it for the accom-
modation of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. YATES. I do not wish to take up much of
the time of the House. I wish to reply to the
argument which my colleagues [Messrs. Bis.sell
and Richardson] make with regard to the cost of
this matter; and I wish to say to them that 1 have
too much confidence, and too high a regard for the
patriotism of my constituents, to believe that they
would censure me for any vote that 1 may give
upon this question. I rely upon their patriotism
and good sense, as every pure-minded representa-
tiveoughttodo. When I used the word "lavish,"
I did not advocate an unreasonableand inordinate
expenditure of the public moneys—by no means.
When 1 use that word, I mean to say that we
should expend this money freely, liberally, lav-
ishly, if necessary, by way of paying our respect
to the memory of the illustrious Washington.
That is the object, sir, and I know my constitu-
ents, and the constituents of my colleagues, too
well to believe that they would find fault with
them for voting a liberal sum of money for the
purchase of Mount Vernon. As I have already
stated, the fame of Washington is the property
of his country, and there is too much patriotism
in the hearts of the American people to he penuri-
ous or parsimonious upon a subject of this kind.
That is all I have to say upon the subject. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to my friend from New York, [Mr. Sage,]
whether it would not be better for him to modify
his resolution, and make it one of inquiry, rather
than a direction ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Yates] demand-
ed the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I thought the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Yates] was under a
pledge to renew the motion made by his colleague
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. He was, but has kindly con-
sented to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw the demand for the previous
question ?
Mr. YATES. I do.
Mr. BAYLY. You have no right to do it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hold in my hand an
amendment, which I think will meet the views of
the gentleman from Maine.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine yield the floor ?
Mr. WASHBURN. I yield the floor for a
minute to my friend from North Carolina, to read
hlM>r.°PCLINGMAN. I would suggest, then,
the following amendment: That   Committee
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
purchasing the estate of Mount Vernon, to be
used in such a manner as may be consistent with
the public interest and a doe regard for the mem-
ory of George Washington.
Mr SAGE. I accept that modification. I
have no wish but a vote of inquiry. And I will
fill the blank with "a select committee of five."
The SPEAKER. The original resolution waa
a joint resolution, but this is a simple resolution.
The modification can only be made, therefore, by
unanimous consent. §
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope, then,
that this resolution will be referred to one of the
committees that have been suggested. 1 should
prefer very much to vote for it as modified, and I
had hoped there would be a unanimous consent
for its modification. I think, sir, that it is reason-
able. I think it is due to ourselves that some
steps should be taken; that the time has come
when it belongs to the nation to take some steps
for the purchase of Mount Vernon. I do not
imagine it is going to lead to any very great ex-
travagance. I do not imagine it would be a dan-
gerous precedent.
There are some questionsupon which, perhaps,
we are not called upon or required to look very
carefully, or with a very scrutinizing eye, into the
Constitution.
I aTee with what Madison once said when
Louisiana was obtained, that the first thing was
to obtain Louisiana, and then look into the Con-
stitution afterwards. There are sometimes pro-
prieties that choose, and are not chosen; and it
seems to me that this is a case of that kind. We
are not required to discuss the question of power,
and it is well not to discuss it. Sir, I have no
question as to the power—the power within the
spirit of the Constitution. Certainly we have as
much right to do this, as we had to appropriate
money a year ago for the equestrian statue of Gen-
eral Jackson. I do not remember that the ques-
tion of constitutional power was raised then by
the gentleman from Virginia. As I said before,
I do not think that this can be drawn into a prece-
dent. We have but one Father of the Country—
but one who was " first in war, first in peace, first
in the hearts of his countrymen." I hope, there-
fore, that this resolution will be referred to a se-
lect committee, although I do not like the joint
resolution in its present form. I now demand the
previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to lay the
joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a privileged question.
We have had here to-day a very pretty exhibition
of generous sympathy and large patriotism, and
1 take it for granted that, at least to some extent,
some gentlemen 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Ohio is aware that a demand is made
for the previous question, and that a motion has
been also made to lay the joint resolution on the
table; debate is, therefore, out of order.
Mr. DISNEY. I understand that, and I was
only about to add that, supposing gentlemen at
this time feel some disposition to go to business,
in order to give them an opportunity of so doing,
I move that we now proceed to the consideration
of the business upon the Speaker's table, the
morning hour having expired.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Can my col-
league get the floor at this time to make that mo-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. All the three propositions
pending are privileged in their nature; but, accord-
ing to the rules of the House, the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disnet] is in order
at any time.
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
motion, and /it was agreed to; and the House pro-
ceeded to t^e business on the Speaker's table.
n, and at
1 to thfe \
JRSMME
DISBURSEMENT OF THE SENATE^ CONTIN-
GENT FUND.
The following bill from the Senate was taken up
from the Speaker's table and read a first and sec-
ond time by its title:
