1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
"A bill to regulate the disbursement of the con-
tingentfund of the Senate, and for other purposes."
Mr. HOUSTON. That bill proposes to regu-
late the manner in which Senators shall draw
their mileage and per diem; and several of the
Senators have expressed a very great anxiety that
the House should act upon it without a reference
to a committee. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I will propose to put the bill upon its
passage now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the bill.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MACE. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MACE. I then move the following
amendment:
Beg. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the moneys
which have been or may hereafter be appropriated for the
per diem and mileage of members of the House ot Repre-
sentatives, shall be paid at the Treasury, on requisition
drawn by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Represent-
atives, and shall be kept, disbursed, and accounted for bv
him, according to law. And the said Serjeant-at-Arms
shall be deemed a disbursing officer, and in lieu of the
bond now required of him, under the rules of the House of
Representatives, he shall give bond to the United States,
witllin ten days afler tlie passage of this act, with one or
more sureties, to be approved by the Comptroller of the
Treasury, in the penal sum of one hundred thousand dol-
lars, with condition for the tailhful application and dis-
bursement of sucll funils as may be drawn from the Treas-
ury under this act, which bond shall be deposited 111 the
Comptroller's office.
I would like to ask
Does he
Mr. LANE, of Indiana.
the gentleman from Indiana a question
propose to give the Sergeant-at-Arms the salary
of four thousand dollars which we, by this bill,
gave to the Secretary of the Senate? I am not
prepared to vote for the thing at all.
Mr. MACE. I understand, from the terms of
the bill now under consideration, that additional
compensation is proposed to be allowed the Sec-
retary of the Senate for disbursing the contingent
fund of that body. If that officer is to receive
additional pay for such service, I should like to
know why the Sergeant-at-Arms of this House
should not be placed upon the sanje footing with
him? And I will remark here, Mr. Speaker,
that, as at present advised, I am opposed to the
whole arrangement. I understand that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has decided, distinctly,
that the President of the Senate, the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and the Secretary
of the Senate, are not disbursing agents or offi-
cers under the revenue laws of the country. I
may be mistaken in reference to another thing—
but I do not think that I am—and it is: That the
whole object of this present movement is to place
the contingent fund of the Senate in the posses-
sion of some irresponsible bankers in the city of
"Washington.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my friend will allow me,
I will answer him in reference to that point now.
The object is precisely the reverse. The first
section of that bill proposes to make the Secretary
of the Senate a disbursing officer, and, as soon as
that is done, he will, under the law of 1846, im-
mediately come tinder the control of the Secretary |
of the Treasury; and then he dare not deposit ,
with a bank.
Mr. MACE. I will ask my friend from Ala- ;
bama one question. How does the Sergeant-at- ■
Arms of this House now, without the aid of that j
law, pay the members their per diem and mileage> |
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not examined into ]
the manner in which the Speaker and Sergeant-
at-Arms, obtained money for the members of the '
House. I understand it, however, to be thus: |
The Speaker signs a certificate, setting forth the '
fact that a certain amount of money is due to a j
member, which certificate, with his receipt, is
handed by the member to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
who takes them to the Treasury, and there
obtains the money. The gentleman will allow |
me to state, while I have the floor, that the prac- j
tice in the Senate is, and has been different,
from the different organization of that body, j
I understand it to be true—and the honorable I
member from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] will know
more of that than I do—I understand it to be true,
that the Presiding Officer of the Senate never cer-
tifies to any amount due to the members of that
body until the termination of the session; at which
time he makes one certificate as to the whole
amount. The practice there has been for the sec-
large amounts of money for its contingent fund, j
at a time—such amounts as would suit the pur- j
pose. The amount is deposited in his favor, ]
and he draws his individual checks for the sums
due the Senate whenever they desire them. Under I
the old practice it was an individual transaction
whenever money was drawn from the Treasury.
The Secretary of the Treasury has very properly,
in my opinion, decided that this practice is against >
the law of 1846—the Independent Treasury law.
He requires that the Senate shall either adopt ;
a mode similar to that adopted by the House,
or else make the Secretary of the Senate the j
disbursing officer of the Government. This bill j
proposes to make the Secretary of the Senate !
that disbursing officer. By it he will have author-
ity to draw out of the Treasury and deposit the
amount under the order of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and then his checks in favor of the Sen-
ators will command the money. That is what the
Senate desire, and I do not regard it as unreason-
able.
Mr. MACE. I am very well satisfied with the
explanation made by my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] so far as it regards the Senate. On
other points 1 am not so well satisfied. If it is a
matter of convenience to Senators, and a matter I
of convenience to their disbursing officers, to re- j
ceive their pay under such a bill as that now under |
consideration, I ask why it is that the Sergeant-at- ;
Arms of the House of Representatives should not
have the same facilities, and the same easy manner
of paying us'
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow ^
me a word of explanation? It is this: The ex-
planation given to me by Senators who have con-
versed with me on the subject was merely this.
They said that they did not propose to interfere
with the arrangements of the House, because they
did not know whether the House desired this to
be done, or whether they preferred it as the mode
by which their money was to be managed and
controlled. And if the House choose to receive
their pay on the same principle, and put their
money on the same footing, they have a right to (
do so. The Senate are notopposed to the House j
having the same laws regulating the government |
of their contingent fund which they propose to j
apply to themselves and to the government of their !
contingent fund. j
Mr. MACE. Is the gentleman [Mr. Houston] i
in favor of my amendment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to favor 1
me for a moment. I have no objection to his j
amendment. I do not oppose it. 1 am willing to j
vote for it; and if he offer an additional amend-
ment, I will vote for it. Whatever is convenient
for the Senate, under proper restrictions, and is
not irregular or contrary to the law, I am perfectly
willing to see them exercise.
Mr. MACE. Mr. Speaker, I think that this
matter involves considerations which should be re-
flected upon. Many members of the House are not
sufficiently well satisfied yet in respect to the prac-
tice proposed in the proposition. With a view, 1
therefore, to give every gentleman an opportunity
what is due to any member of the Senate—for
mileage and per diem. The practice up to the
present session, with a few exceptions, has been
for the Speaker of this House to makehis requisi-
tion upon the Treasury Department for fifty, a
hundred, or two hundred thousand dollars, for ap-
propriations made to pay the mileage and per diem
of members of the House. That requisition would
be honored at the Treasury Department. The
Speaker then deposited that, the sum drawn, in
some one of the banks of this city, from which he
could check out any amount which the members
should call for from day to day. I believe similar
arrangements were made, as to the pay <rf the
members of the Senate, with the Secretary of that
body, who performed those services.
The present Secretary of the Treasury, in
looking to that law, has ctfrne to the conclusion
that there is no law to authorize him to pay the
requisitions of the Speaker, or of the Secretary of
the Senate, and that the law requires that the pre-
siding officers of the two bodies shall certify as to
the amount due to the members therein, and that
that amount so certified shall be paid at the
Treasury of the United States. Consequently,
sir, you at this time, instead of making a requisi-
tion upon the Treasury, and depositing the amount
drawn with one of the banks of this city, as has
been the case at former Congresses, must certify
to a certain amount as due to members of this
House for mileage and per diem. The Sergeant-
at-Arms sends up to the Treasury by his messen-
ger, and in as short a time as he could go to a
bank where the money has been heretofore de-
posited, he receives it here. The same operation
can be applied to the Senate, and the same
will be applied, if they adopt the same policy. My
own opinion is, that the law requires the money
to be paid at the Treasury. It is the properplace
where the money should be paid.
For myself, I can see no necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill. There is one thing in the first
section of it which I hope will be stricken out, if
the House determine to pass the bill, and that is,
the provision increasing the salary of the Secre-
tary of the Senate. He now receives, by law,
three thousand dollars, and I believe, under the
universal compensation rule which prevails fti
that and this House at the end of every sessioD,
he receives five hundred dollars in addition.
There is another thing, also, which I wish to
see stricken out of the "bill, if it must pass, and
that is the provision which constitutes the Com-
mittee on Accounts in the Senate the auditing
officers of the contingent fund of the Senate. I
hope it will be amended so as to leave that duty
to be performed by the Secretary, as heretofore,
so that it may be audited at the Department, as
the law requires it to be done in reference to all
persons having accounts at the Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to correct an error
into which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has fallen. I shall not resist a reference
of this bill to any committee. It is very desirable
i that it should be acted upon, and it is desirable,
j in the first place, because there is no law regula-
ofYn vestio-atinff and looking into it, and" voting un- 1 ting that subject, as far as the Senate is concerned.
fersTndm- y Lon the question, I move that the In the next place my own opinion respecting the
resolution be referred to the Committee on "Ways | intercourse of the two Houses of Congress m
and and upon that motion I demand the | the discharge of their.duties,  , to^dta
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
characterized by a great deal of indulgence on the
part of each towards the other. If the Senate
! have any particular fancy for any particular mode
i in which their contingent fund shall be kept and
j disbursed, as a member of this body, I should let
' them have it. * . , i j.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman to specify the error into which he said
1 Mr! HOUSTON. I am coming to that point.
I say I set o|it with this sort of feeling, to which
I have referred, in the discussion and examination
of this proposition. If the Senate propose to the
,: House a mode in which they are to disburse their
_   Will the gentle-
man please to withdraw that motion?
Mr. MACE. Certainly, I will withdraw it, if
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, by the laws of
1818, fixing the pay—the mileage and per diem—
of Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, it is provided, 1 believe, that the cer-
tificate of the Presiding Officer of the Senate and
the Presiding Officer of'"the House shall certify as
to the amounts respectively due to the members of
the body over which they preside. By the act
of 1851—if I mistake not, sir—it is provided that ; rl0"^enVflm/'unless that'mode is one in conflict
the certificate of the Presiding Officer of the House, ^con g f 'tice or propriety, or economy, I
I defer that much to a coor-
and also of the Senate, shall be conclusive on all j1 with law, or justice,,
the accounting officers of the Treasury as to the , say f.f?"
amount due respectively to the Senators and mem-jt dina & furthermore, that the gentleman from
' bers of this House. By that proviso to the ap- ; ; ' fMr j0NES] has fallen into errorin this
propriation bill of 1851-1 think it was-the Tenn^see^m ^ ^ devolving upon the yice
accounting officer of the Treasury cannot go be- p ^ jjn;te(} states, who presides over
hind the certificate to ascertain what is due to any , r d connected with paying or
member of this House—cannot go behind^ the Jj ^1(gburBjng 'the contingent fund'in that body.
amoum. a ne uraciice mete naf> uecu iui mc " c /• .l. cjfll,o(a '
relary of that body to draw out of the Treasury II certificate of the officer of t
