56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 15,
Now, I understand the practice to be—and that
practice js founded on law-—that the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States certifies, at the end of a
session of Congress, to the gross amount due to
members for their mileage and per diem.
Mr. JONES. I did not state that it required
any certificate from the Presiding Officer of the
Senate as to the contingent fund, but as to the
mileage and per diem of members; and I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama to state to the House,
if there is any difference in law with respect to
ascertaining the amount due and the mode of pay-
ment to members of the House and Senate. They
are all placed upon the same footing.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Speaker certifies to our
drafts, and all our transactions concerning mileage
and per diem are carried on through the Speaker,
and under his signature; but such has never been
the case in the Senate. The Vice President has
his duties prescribed to him by the Constitution;
and there is no law that I am able to find that de-
volves upon him any duty connected with the
disbursement of the money.
Mr. JONES, f would ask the gentleman from
Alabama if either the Senators or members of the
House have been paid according to law?
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated, when I had the
floor upon a previous occasion, that I believed the
Secretary of the Treasury was correct in his
opinion of the construction of the law of 184(i,
and that we were going on in violation of the law;
but that does not meet the point which I was pre-
senting to the honorable member from Tennessee.
What right have we to say that the Vice Presi-
dent, who is elected by the people of the United
States, and whose duty it is, as.prescribed by the
Constitution, to preside over the Senate, shall be
a disbursing officer of the Government, as far as
the mileage and per diem of members of Con-
gress, or any other sum of money, is concerned ?
1 ask the gentleman whether we have the power
to do that? I stated a fact, which I supposed to
be true, that it has never been the practice of the
the Vice President or the Presiding Officer to cer-
tify to the mileage and per diem.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama if the Constitution of the United Suites does
not make the Vice President the President of the
Senate, and if the Congress of the United States
have not the right to prescribe the duties of that
officer as well as the President, or any other offi-
cer of the Government?
Mr. EWING. I would suggest that this mat-
ter should go to the Committee on Ways and
Means, where it can be fully investigated, in
order that it may be better understood by the
House before it is disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
bill ffoing to our committee, if the House wish it.
Mr. JONES. I will merely remark, that I
have no particular feeling about this bill.
Mr. EWING. f have not yielded the floor.
I renew the motion to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means; and upon that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man allow me to make a single remark 5
Mr. EWING. The motion has already been
withdrawn once, and I cannot accommodate my
friend from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. I only desired to say that the
Senate are on short allowance, and that they can-
not stand delay. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No !"]
The question was put; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table. |
The main question was then ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means. J
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OP THE TREASURY.
The bill from the Senate, prescribing the manner
of appointing the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, was next taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to refer this bill to
tlie Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. EWING. 1 move to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and,
if it be m order, I will briefly give my reasons for
making the motion.-
A Member. Let the hill be read first.
The hill was read through by the Clerk.
It provides that hereafter the officer of the
Government known as Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, shall be appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. EWING. Now, sir, a word in explana-
tion of my motion. I think it would be a better
disposition of this bill to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, than to
any private standing committee. I am extremely
anxious, and I believe it is the desire of the people
all over the country, that this war which has been
j stealing upon us should at last be openly con-
j ducted. It is the custom among all civilized na-
I tions, when they go to war, to declare what are
the issues upon which their warfare is to be waged,
| that an enlightened world may judge of the jus-
| tice of those issues.
I Now, sir, I discover upon the part of some of my
friends the existence of a very proper and praise-
I worthy State pride. For instance, the other day,
when the ancient prescriptive right of Virginians
;-to hold office was assailed most outrageously and
unprecedentedly, [laughter,] my worthy friend
over the way, [Mr. Bayly,] from Virginia—
greatly be it said to his honor—at once rose in de-
fense of the rights of Virginia. That gentleman
has taken under his charge the protection of the de-
partment of the library of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I,as aKentuckian,claim the same
right in reference to another branch of the Gov-
ernment, and assume to take the Treasury Depart-
ment under my wing. [Renewed laughter.]
Sir, I know of no other reason, but the one I
have given, which the gentleman could offer in
justification and vindication of his course. Two
years ago, when the head of that venerable Whig,
the Librarian, rolled upon the sands, stained
with his sacred blood—when he fell under the axe
of proscription, removed from this same office
by this same high functionary who presides at
that desk, I do not remember that a single word
was then said of the supreme importance of
the House taking the election of Librarian into
their own hands. We poor, proscribed, and down-
trodden Whigs, had then, as we have since, not
only in Congress now, but in the Executive De-
partments of the Government, to submit to the
torture inflicted upon us by our relentless con-
querors with Indian stoicism, not being allowed
even the privilege of grumbling, though 1 now beg
leave to give one solitary groan of agony for the
fate of some of my friends. [Laughter.]
I do not like this sort of warfare; let us have a
fair and open fight. Let us have a courageous,
energetic fight; no underhanded game; no guerrilla
warfare, cutting off sentinels and pickets, and
skirmishing with outposts. Let us see good Na-
tional Democrats, as they call themselves, come
out with true courage. I am weary of these as-
saults upon a Kentucky Secretary of the Treasury,
whom I believe to be the best of the whole batch.
He might well exclaim with honest Jack Falstaff,
" Company, villainous company, hath been the
spoil of me." [Great laughter.] I believe that
he is an honest man, and i say it in all sincerity;
and I do not want any "laughter" introduced i
by the Reporter just here in his report of these 1
| remarks, so as to make it appear that I am not I
• now speaking in sincerity. I repeat it again, !
j sincerely, that I believe he is an honest, reliable, j
courageous man. I know it. I have known him j
for years; and both in his public and his private !
character I esteem him most highly. 1 believe !
| hnn to be a man of courage, a man of energy, a i
man of sincerity. I believe that the strength of >
his convictions, and the honesty of his purposes, !
have been used by others who had, perhaps, less |
courage, and less energy, and less sincerity. I j
: know that he has been-unhorsed, pei haps, in the i
| opinion of many, in a recent tilt which he had <
! in a New York arena. Perhaps his luck was not i
. very good m that quarter [laughter;] but all men ■
! have their faults and their weaknesses. Dogberry i
says that " to be a well-favored man is the gift of!
fortune; but to write and to read comes by na- j
ture." [Laughter.] And it is not m the nature :
of all men to write with ability. He may have I
failed in that encounter. He may have been un- !
fortunate. So much the stronger, then, is the call 1
, upon the sympathies of his countrymen—Ken-J
1 tuckians. I appeal to all of them around me tocome j
t.o the rescue. Let us defend him and have open
warfare, and then perhaps I nitght feel there was
some chivalry in the combat. 1 do not know that
I might not be tempted even to enlist myself in the
army, if war was declared against the whole Ad-
ministration, the head and front, from the chief
down to the assistant secretaries, and the lowest
clerks. Why, they do not even assail oui Ken-
tucky Secietary directly himself. They attack him
by a sort of indirect blows at the Assistant Secre-
tary—by passing a resolution somewhat like the
resolution of my friend from Vi'gmia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] who has just discovered, afier several years'
service in Congress, that it is highly important
for the proper care of the books, that the libra-
rian should be elected by the House—[laughter]—
they discovered after a long series of years that it
was not safe to intrust the appointment of the As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury to the head of
the Treasury Department himself, but that he
ought to be confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. As the gentleman
has referred to me so frequently, probably I may
be justified in interrupting him for a moment. He
says that for a long series of years the Assistant.
Secretary of the Treasury has been appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury. Will he be good
enough to inform me when the law passed author-
izing the appointment of an Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury ? It occurs to me that it is a late
law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Oh, no; it was
two years ago.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman from Virginia,
like the gentleman from Illinois, on his left, [Mr.
Richardson,] has a sort of Socratic mode of argu-
ment; he is peculiarly given to asking questions m
order to entrap youngand unsophisticated members
like myself, who do not know the dates of the pas-
sage of laws. [Laughter.] I knew he only asked
that question in order to give himself an opportu-
nity of showing that he knows a great deal better
than I do when laws were passed. Well, at all
events, that law was passed by a Democratic Con-
gress, and, unfortunately, you have got a Ken-
tucky Secretary—a Democratic Secretary—and
you want to deprive him of power. Sir, I call
upon the Democracy—the organized Democracy
of the House—the Democracy who go for true or-
ganization—the great and general Democratic par-
ty—the universal, all-absorbing Democratic party,
composed, as it is, of so many elements through-
out this universal nation of ours—I call upon the
organized Democracy of the House to refuse to
that refractory Senate the right to sit in judgment
upon the appointments of the Democratic Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States.
[Laughter.]
Why, sir, what next are they to perpetrate?
Here, within a few days past, have they not de-
clared—not exactly open warfare; they have not
come to that yet—but have they not declared this
newly-invented guerrilla war against the organi-
zation of the Democratic party, and absolutely,
with an unprecedented audacity, unpardonable,
too, as it is, dared to elect their own public
printer, [laughter,] without consultation with Mr.
Armstiong, or the President, or either of the Sec-
retaries of the United States, although, as I am
informed, those gentlemen most amiably offered
to a number of Senators their best advice and
counsel in reference to the matter? [Renewed
laughter.] Who ever heard of such audacity?
We know it has been intimated by the Union
newspaper that they would not have dared to do
it, but for the secret ballot. But he is after them.
He intends to ferret out those pusillanimous Sen-
atois who slyly, and undir cover and protec-
tion of the secret ballot, assailed the great De-
mocracy, and to hold them lip to the derision
of the country.^ Armstiong will get them yet.
[Laughter.] lhere is no escape for them, no
secrecy, no bushwhacking, no guerrilla warfare.
They will have to come out openly; and I am on
Armstrong's side m that respect. [Laughter.]
Let us see who they are. One gentleman has
already denied that he had any part in the matter,
with tine utmost haste and the most wholesome
fear of the rod which the Union holds over his
writhing back. Yes, sir, I call, in conclusion,
most earnestly upon the organization of the great
Democratic paity in this House to resist" the
proposition to deprive a Kentuikian—a citizen of
a .Vate next to old Vnginia-—[laughter]—(we
