1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
as well take the vote now on the whole matter, as
have to take separate votes on it.
Several Members. How will it be then ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not quite sure
that he himself understands correctly the pre-
cise condition of this matter. Is it true that the
two hospitals, for the appropriations for which
the liouse has just been voting, are provided
for in the general amendment m respect to such
buildings? The Chair understands that these
two hospitals are provided for in the thirty-first
amendment to the bill. If that be so, it follows
that the House is mistaken in being now engaged
in voting upon appropriations for hospitals so
provided for in another amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 beg leave to say,
that all the amendments proposed or recommended
by the Committee of Ways and Means, for ap-
propriations for marine hospitals, were offered by
myself as a single amendment, and were so voted
upon by the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. And whence comes the pro-
viso contained in the amendment which has been
reported from the Clerk's table? Where does it
come in? And to what does it belong? That
proviso evidently belongs to the amendment with
regard to the custotn-houses.
Mr. PRESTON. Evidently it does. If the
House will indulge me for a moment, I will en-
deavor to explain. The Committee of Ways and
Means reported a separate custom house bill.
After it had passed, and when we had the subject
of marine hospitals up, I offered an amendment in
the shape of the proviso that has been read by the
Clerk, to apply to the custom-houses, and every
other building included in the hill. It was offered
by me immediately after disposing of the custom-
houses, and before disposing of the marine hos-
pitals; but it was designed as an independent
amendment, or proviso.
Mr. JONES, ot Tennessee. I understand that
a part of this amendment belongs to the amend-
ment for the custom-houses.
Mr. PRESTON. Yes; and the other portion
of it belongs to other amendments.
Mr. JONES. Then it is necessary to take that
vote over again.
Mr. CUTTING. Does not the construction of
the proviso apply to the custom-houses as well as
to the marine hospitals?
The SPEAKER. Yes; but there were distinct
amendments for these buildings.
Mr. JONES. But it has been offered so as that
it should apply to the marine hospitals as well as
to the custom-houses; and it was adopted by the
committee as a whole amendment.
The SPEA KER. The Chair understands that
the proviso in relation to murine hospitals, con-
tained within the amendment that has been erro-
neously read at the Cleik \s table, is a separate and
distinct Amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; if. belongs to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky asa
whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky, the Chair understands, offered the proviso
as a separate and distinct amendment.
Mr, LETCHER. Is the amendment, in refer-
ence to marine hospitals a part of the amendment
which the gentleman from Kentucky sent to the
Chair? If it is, I think we had better go on with
the call of the roll.
Mr. PRESTON. The House will bear in mind
that the custom-house amendment was adopted in
the first place by a vote of 6-1 to 56, as my mem-
ory serves me. There was then an amendment
offered in reference to marine hospitals, and some
ten ortWelve minutes after, I offered tiny proviso as
a separate amendment, designed to apply to the
custom-houses.
The SPEAKER. The notes taken at the time
by the Clerk show distinctly that the proviso was
offered as a separate amendment coming in after
the marine hospitals had been voted "on, and
another amendment added upon the motion of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. McDougall.]
There can be no doubt that it was a separate and
distinct amendment, separated from the marine
hospitals even by another amendment. The
Chair hopes it will be the unanimous consent of
the House that the calling of the roll shall not
proceed further, but that the vote may be taken
upon the proviso as it was adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There was no objection; and the proviso was
reported as a distinct amendment, and adopted by
the House.
Twenty-sixth amendment.
To complete the custom-house at Tltchmorid, Virginia,
$150,000: Provided, That none of the residue of the
moneys appropriated fortius building, in and by this act, or
by any former act, and now remaining unexpended, shall be
iwd or applied for the purposes mentioned in ihis act, by
the Secretary of the Treasury, until a valid title to the land
for the site o'f such building shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Virginia shall, in due form,
and in a manner that shall bind said State, release and sur-
render to the United States jurisdiction over the site of
such building ; and shall also duly release and lehnquish
to the United States the right to tax, or in any way assoss
said site, or the property ot the United States that may be
thereon during the time that the said United States shall be
or remain the owner thereof: JInd provided further, That
none of said moneys appropriated for said buiidms by this
act, or heretofore appropriated for the purposes mentioned,
and now remaining unexpended, shall be used or applied
for the purpose for which they are appropriated, unless the
same shall be sutlicient to complete the building fully, and
entirely accomplish the object for which the appropriation
in this act is made. And the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby prohibited from using or apulyingany of the moneys
aforesaid, until he shall have made a contract with such
seeuuty as he shall approve for the completion of the en-
tire building and woik, at a sum not exceeding the «.um of
moneys appropriated and unexpended. And the said Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall enter into no contract, eilher
conditional oj final, for the pm pose mentioned in this act,
which c|j,i 11 involve an expcndiiuie beyond tho Mims appro-
priated and remaining unexpended ; and should such unex-
pended appiopriations be insufficient to complete the entire
work, thy said Secretary of the Tioasury shall suspend all
action in reference thereto, and shall report to Congress on
the fust day of its session in December, 1851, the condition
of the work, and shall, at the same tune, lay before Con-
gress such plans and estimates as, in hi- judgment, shall
be proper lor the completion of the building and woik*
! Jind jtrovidcd further, That the Secretary of ihe Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to a;o on and
conjunct, or cause to be constructed, completed, and fin-
ished, the building mentioned ami provided foi, Mibjoct in
all things to the limitations and icstiictions contained
herein.
Mr CHAMBERLAIN. I demand the yeas
! and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was taken; and it was decided in
i the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 54; as follows:
i YHAS—Messrs. Abercrombic, Appleton, Ashe, David J.
! Bailey, [{all, Benson, Benton, Hocoek, Brooks, Bligg,
Carpenter, Carutheis, Caskie, Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Cor-
• win, Cox, Oiirti--, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Disney,
- Eddy, Kdmandh, Kdinundson, Everhart, Farley, Fonton,
| Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Aaron Ilar-
! lan, Harrison, Jlavcn, Hill, Houston, Ifowc, (leoigc VV.
; Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Latham, Lilly, Lirid-
j ley, Lmdsley, Maxwell, May, Ma>all, Middleswarth, John
(I. Millet, Olds I'arkei, I'lullip^, Pratt, Bieston, Reese,
I Kiddle, D.ivrd Ritchie, Robbing, l\tisy.el!,Sal>m,Sapp, Sew-
j aid. Shannon, Shaw, Shower, (Joint Sinilli, Samuel A.
1 Smith, William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II.
: Stanton, David Stuart, John L Tavloi, Dpham, Wade,
> Walbridge, VVallev, Fliihn H. Wa^hbmne, Isiaol Wash-
burn. John WenlwoKh, and Yates—hi.
i NAYS—Me^si-J. James c. Allen, Willis Allen, 13arka-
i dale, Belcher, Budge-., Chamberlain, Colipmt, Ciatue,
j John (J. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dowdell, Fiiison, rm,<h*h,
! Cicenwood, (.'low, Wiley P. Hams, Hastings, Hendnrks,
' Uiih er, Daniel T.Jones. Kittrcdge, Knox. Lamb, Letcher,
! McCulloch, MeMullui, McQueen, Macj, Matteson, Miil-
1 -.on, Moiiran, Mornson, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, Packer,
John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Puryeai, Keadv, Thomas
i Kitchcy, Rnllin, William U. Smith, Ceorgc \V. Smyth,
John J. Taj loi. Nathaniel G. Taylor,Trout, Vail, Van-ant,
, Walsh, Daniel B. Wright, and Zoliicofl'er—54.
So the amendment was adopted.
Previous to the announcement ofthe above vote,
; Mr. COBB said: Mr. Speaker, with the per-
: mission of the House i would state that, although
- I voted against this proposition in the first instance,
i 1 now give it my vote because it hangs on its own
i hook.
Mr. CASKIE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. LILLY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
i Twenty-ninth amendment:
] For the purchase of the lots or parcels of land, with the
; appurtenances and buildings thereon, belonging one thereof
to the Hawk of commerce, and the other thereof to the
Bank of the State of New York, and partuulaily referred
. to and desenbed in two contracts—one with each of said
, hanks-—tor the leasing and ught to purchase the same, hear-
| nig date the 19th of August, 1853, §530,0u0: Provided, That
] before the said purchase is completed, the State of New
i York shall cede to the United States jurisdiction over said
' land and property,and shall, by law, exonerate the same,
, and pioperty of the United States thereon, fiorn all taxes,
levies, and assessments thereon, while the same remains
I the propei ty of the United States.
I Mr. HAVEN, Under the 53d rule, which is
applicable to this case, I ask a division of the ques-
tion, first having a vote on all the amendments,*
down to the last proviso, and then a vote on the
last proviso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that can be done, and for two reasons; first, we are
now acting under the operation of the previous
question; and, secondly, if all the amendments
excepting the proviso be stricken out, there will
not be left afterwards a substantive proposition
for us to vote on.
The SPEAKER. There will be no ground for
the proviso to stand upon.
Mr. JONES. None at all; and the call for a
division is, of course, not in ordef.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair decides.
Mr. HAVEN. As to the last suggestion made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, the rule is ex-
plicit:
" Any member may call for a division of a question, which
shall he divided if it comprehend propositions in substance
so distinct, that one being taken away, a substantive prop-
osition shall remain for the decision ot the House."
I submit that nothing can be more plain than
that the first part of this amendment is a substan-
tive and distinct proposition, and that the residue
may be voted in or out of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York seems to have forgotten that the previous
question cuts off all amendments, and would not
allow that object to be attained by a division of
the question any more than by an entirely new
amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. The language of the rule is:
u That any member may call for a division of a question
if it comprehend* propositions >n substance so distinct, thaS
one being taken away, a substantive pioposition shall le-
niaiii."
The SPEAKER. The uniform practice has
been to vote upon each amendment as a whole,
under the operation of the previous question. The
Chair does not know any variation from that
practice.
Mr. HAVEN. Do I understand the Chair aa
ruling that I cannot have n division?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so rules.
Mr. HAVEN. I think the decision is not in
strict accordance with the rule itself. But I do
not desire to make any point of order about it.
Mr. MORRISON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the amendment; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken^ and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Thirtieth amendment:
To complete the custom-hon^e at Waldoboro', in the
State ot Maine, the stun of $1U,(J00, which, in addition tr>
tin1 sum heretofore appropriated, t-hall constitute the enure
cost of the purchase of the site, erection, and completion
of the building.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Thirty-first amendment:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, m the
State of Ohio, £25,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, in the State
of IVIisMMm, $10,000;
To complete iho marine hospital at Chicago, in the State
of Illinois, .^'8,000 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky, $l-2.f>00 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Faducnh, in said
State, $r>,<i00 ;
To complete the marine hospital at Sau Francisco, in
the State o{ California, and to inclose the "ite and drain
the same, and for nceestary out-buikhng3, $44,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Ashe were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-second amendment:
For the construction of a marine hospital at Vicksburg,
in the State of Mississippi, £55,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were refused,
Mr. ROBBINS. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lilly, and
Washct;rn of Maine, were appointed.
The question was taken;ana the telleis reported
—ayes 83, noes 39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
