1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
cut off Old Virginia when we concluded to come
into the Union,)—[renewed laughter]—to resist
the proposition, I say, to deprive a Kentucky Sec-
retary ot' the Treasury of the power which justly
belongs to him, and the transferral of that power
into the hands of a refractory, audacious Senate
of the United States, who have ceased, as it
seems, to know their own place, and who, abso-
lutely, without consultation, or rather in the face
of proper counsel, have dared to elect their own
public printer. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have no-
ticed that my friend from Kentucky has been for
the last two or three days very restless, and look-
ing, X have no doubt, with a great deal of anxiety
over to this side of the House, in the hope that
we would spring a little quarrel among ourselves.
As we have not done so quite as soon as he de-
sired, he has taken this occasion to attempt to
throw a firebrand in our midst. Sir, the gentle-
man is very welcome to his witticisms; but when
you come to examine the joint resolution now
before the House, it will be perceived that it does
not justify the remarks he has made. It is incor-
rect, as asserted, that it wars upon Mr. Guthrie,
or anybody else. The gentleman seems to have
forgotten the legislation even which has occurred
since he became a member of this body. He
seems to have forgotten that this is the only As-
sistant Secretary at this time whose nomination
is not confirmed by the Senate. He has argued
as if it were an attack upon the part of the Senate
against the Secretary of the Treasury, because
they have singled out his Assistant Secretary for
the purpose of bringing his nomination before that
body for confirmation.
Now, Mr, Speaker, all of theassistant secretaries
in all of the other Departments are nominated to
the Senate for its confirmation: the Assistant Sec-
retary of State is so nominated, and a law was
passed at the last Congress, requiring the appoint-
ments of the assistant postmasters to be sent to
the Senate for its confirmation. This appointment
of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury is the
only one not subjected to that ordeal. In my
view it is proper that it should be made so.
I, however, have objections to that resolution,
and I propose to refer it to the Committee on Ways
and Means, for the purpose of amending and cor-
recting it. The resolution proposes that it shall
go into effect immediately upon its passage, to
which I object; because, if that provision be agreed
to, the resolution may be regarded as an attack
upon the Secretary of the Treasury. That was
not the design of many of the Senators who voted
for it, for they have so advised me; but whether
it was the design or not, I would never consent to
vote for the resolution m its present shape. I am
willing to vote for a resolution which will require
the appointment of the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, on a vacancy occurring hereafter, to be
sent to the Senate for Us confirmation.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will, with
the gentleman's permission, make the following
suggestion: Let the gentleman pi opose an amend-
ment, such as he has mentioned, call the previous
question, and then let the bill be passed, with or
without amendments, as the House may choose.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I had an amendment pre-
pared I would offer it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will withdraw the
motion to r^fer the resolution to the Committee on
Ways and Means, I propose to amend the reso-
lution, by inserting at the end of the first line,
after the word "Tieasury," the words " hereafter 1
to be piovulednnd we wiil haven ail rightthen. |
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the objection I have j
in view. 1 do not wish, Mr. Speaker, to consume ,
the time of the House; therefore I withdraw the ,
motion to reler to the Committee on Ways and i
Means, and propose the amendment suggested by i
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and upon !
that motion to amend I ask the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that |
the whole matter be referred to the Committee on
"Ways and Means. !
The motion was withdrawn. i
Mr. WHEELER. I renew it. j
Mr. EWING. i am willing to listen to ensues- I
tions from any competent authority recogmzed by ;
the organization of the House, i would simply !
gay that I feel flattered at the notice 1 have received i
from Uie gentleman for the last few days. ;
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. EWlNGr. Is it not in order on my own
motion ?
The SPEAKER. No; the previous question
having been demanded.
Mr. EWING. Could I not withdraw my
motion ?
The SPEAKER. Not without the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demanded the previous
question on the entire proposition—on the motion
to refer and on the motion to amend.
Mr. EWING. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope the gen-
tleman will allow me to withdraw my motion and
make a single word of explanation. He has en-
deavored to hold me up to this House 
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no desire to hold up
the gentleman before the House, but I was cut off
in my own speech by the gentleman on my left.
I have no desire to suppress debate, but I think
that the question has been debated/ar enough. I
withdraw the motion for the previous question to
give the gentleman [Mr. EwingJ* the opportunity
he desires, to explain.
Mr. EWING. I wish simply to state that I
have been misinterpreted and misunderstood, and
that this is but an additional instance added to the
many that have gone before showing how easily a
patriot's motives may be perverted and misunder-
stood. My restlessness and anxiety were excited
by the commotion in the great Democratic party
which has saved the Union,and which is hereafter
to save the country. They have had my sympathy.
In relation to the gentleman's [Mr. Houston's]
share in the organization of the House, I am sure
that if he had observed me during the pastCongress
as he has done for the past few days, he would
have seen me at all times endeavoring to sustain
himself and his committee; and the Lord knows
they needed it sometimes ! I voted to give them
a clerk when they seemed to be in a minority on
this floor. The request was a proper one to the
House, and was presented unanimously by the
committee; and having seventy majority on the
Democratic side, I thought it would be adopted.
But the Committee on Ways and Means seemed,
as usual, to be in a woeful minority. Sir, if the last
Congress provided by law that the Secretary of the
Treasury alone should have the appointment of
his associate, doubtless it was for good reasons.
I confess I gave no particular attention to that law
in its passage, conception, or origin. I had no
idea that it would affect any personal or intimate
friend of mine, or that any such would be likely
to hold the office. I paid no particular attention
to it at the time. I confess freely (and I allow the
gentlemen from Virginia and Alabama [Messrs.
Bayly and Houston] all the honor of their boasted
superior information) that I did not know the date
of the passage of the law. But if this law now
proposed be necessary in connection with that
Department of the Government, why not reform
also the other Departments? Why not extend
this reform to the other Departments, instead of
undoing that which was found necessary m the
last Congress? I am not, however,disposed to be
refractory. 1 have seen the evil of it; and, as the
gentleman constitutes a part of the organization of
the House, I yield to ins suggestion, and with-
draw the motion to refer it.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask that the second clause of
the second section of the second article of the
Constitution may be read.
The clause was read, as follows:
" He shall have power, by and with (he advice and con-
sent ot lilt' Senate, t!) make treaties, [mivnled two ilnrdi of
the Penators present cmcur; and lie slnilt nominate, and.
by and with tin' advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint einha^sadois, other public nnmsters and consuls,
JndfiCS of the Snpieme Court, and all othel Mn-er-: of the
United States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided foi. and which shall be established bylaw: hut
the Oongiess may by law ve^t the appoiniin-nt of sueli
inferior olficer? as they think proper m the President alone,
m the courts of law, 01 in the heads of Depaitments."
Mr. BAYLY. I desire only to call the atten-
tion of the House to that part of the Constitution
which has been read—and which 1 am obliged
to the Clerk for propeily emphasizing—which
refers to the inferior officers who are to be appointed
by the President or heads Qf Depiu tments. .All
other than inferior officers are to be appointed by
the President, under the review of the Senate.
Can theie be any objection to this? Is the Assist-
ant Seoefary of the Treasury an inferior officer,
whose appointment is tt matter of so little general
concern that it is to be left alone to the heads of
Departments, or to the President ? Sir, he stands
next to the Secretary of the Treasury himself. It
was an omission, I am quite sure, in the law
organizing the Department of the Interior—fori
tlnnk it was m the organization of that Depart-
ment that this Assistant Secretary was given-
it was ail omission not to require that officer to be
confirmed by the Senate. When, at the last Con-
gress, we gave to the Department of State an
Assistant Secretary of State, that omission was
noticed and marked, both in this House and in
the other, and the Assistant Secretary of State,
whose appointment we authorized then, can only
be appointed upon the nomination of the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. This bill, as I understand it, is a bill to
correct the omission to which I have referred, and
to produce uniformity.
I beg leave to say—though I know it often ex-
cites a smile here if anybody says anything about
the Constitution, and particularly if the remaik
comes from a member from Virginia—but without
the fear of that ridicule, I undertake to say it was an
unconstitutional omission. It being an unconsti-
tutional omission, and the Senate, by an over-
whelming majority, having attempted to remedy
that omission, the question is whether this House
itself will refuse its concurrence? Unless gentle-
men here are prepared to decide that the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury is, in view of the
Constitution, an inferior officer—an officer such
as a messenger or clerk—unless they are ready to
decide that a man who stands second in the De-
partment to the Secretary himself, is an inferior
officer, whose appointment may be conferred by
law upon the President alone, or the heads of
Departments, they are compelled to pass this bill.
I undertake to say to my friend from Tennessee
that this amendment of "hereafter" does not
remedy the defect. The whole defect is in the
law as it is, and it ought to be remedied at the
first opportunity which presents itself. Why
insert the word "hereafter?" Is there a fear
that the present Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot stand the ordeal of the Senate? If he
cannot stand that ordeal, that is the very best
reason in the world for not inserting this word
"hereafter." If he can stand the ordeal, then
the amendment will not affect him.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman,
I would say, so far as that phraseology is con-
cerned, that I have no such fear as he has. It is
not for the purpose of covering any cases that
have already occurred, or of pointing directly at
tile Secretary of the Treasury, but of making the
law apply to cases that may hereafter occur.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not regard this bill as
pointing at the Secretary at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I say, furthermore, that the
language of the law in relation to Assistant Post-
masters General, is of a similar character. The
name of one of these assistants was presented to
the Senate; the other two are holding their offices
now, but their names have never gone before the
Senate for confirmation, because no vacancy was
made, and I propose to do the same in this case.
Mr BAYLY. I am opposed particularly to
the amendment "hereafter." As far as the As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury is concerned, I
have not a word to say. He is a gentleman, I
know very well; and I know him to be a most
efficient officer. In the course of my remarks upon
this matter, I have not had any reference what-
ever to that Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
I aim no blow at him.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Ewwg], in
his remarkable speech, took occasion to reftr two
or three times to my action about the Librarian,
and said that Mr. Williams, when he was turned
out, was a Whig, and that I was not so vehement-
ly impressed at that time with the propriety of this
House electing its own Librarian. I beg leave to
SHy to the gentleman, in regard to that matter, that
he is simply mistaken. I thought so then. I did not
move in the matter in the House, because there
was no propriety in my doing so. He was not
my constituent. I did remonstrate, however,
Whig as he was, against his removal; but my
remonstrances were of no avail.
Mr. EWING. I understand the gentleman
perfectly, and give him credit tor his explanation.
It is precisely in accordance with what I said be-
fore. The gentleman did not find occasion to
