m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 15,
move in the matter of the removal of Mr. Wil-
liams, the Librarian, because he was not a Vir-
ginian and a Democrat. I thought that the gen-
tleman from Virginia, who had voted for that
high functionary, (pointing to the Clerk,) ought
at least to he willing to stand up for one week to
the responsibility of the vote he had given, even to
the removal of the late Librarian, Mr. Parker.
That was the idea I had about it.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that the Librarian of which
he speaks [Mr. Williams] was a Virginian,
and that he was removed against my remon-
strance. 1 have also to say, that Colonel Parker, \
who was subsequently appointed, was not ap-
pointed upon my recommendation; but was re-
cently removed against my remonstrances. And
I'am free to say to my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Ewing,] that the fact of this constituent of ;
mine being a Democrat, and belonging to a demo- '
cratic family, seemed to me to make it proper that j
1 should move in the matter.
Mr. HIBBARD. I must raise a point of order
upon my friend from Virginia. It seems to me
this train of discussion has been carried on far
enough. It cannot be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chairsustains the point
of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I regret that the gentleman from
New Hampshire did not raise his question of
order before. He has allowed me to be assailed,
and refuses to permit me to say a few words in
my defense.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. After that
clause of the Constitution which has been read,
upon the suggestion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] it is unnecessary to add a
word as to the propriety or the necessity of the
passage of this bill.
I had intended to say a word with regard to the
amendment suggested by myself. I suggested
that amendment, not for the purpose of securing
its passage—for 1 regard it as altogether improper '
—but for the purpose of obtaining the action of
the House upon the bill at the present time.
Now, sir, if the idea advanced by the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] be correct—
that the officer appointed under the law of the
last Congress was appointed without the advice
and consent of the Senate—and if the original
enactment was altogether wrong in this respect,
then there has been a wrong, ab initio; and the
nomination of the present officer ought to be sub-
mitted to the Senate for confirmation. If he was
appointed under a law wrongly constructed, then
■why should his appointment not be submitted to
the same ordeal as the appointments to be made
to that office in future? Let it go to the Senate,
and, if he be a worthy officer, the Senate will,
doubtless, confirm his appointment; but if he be
unworthy—and I do not pretend to express an
opinion as to whether he is or not—but if he be
an unworthy officer, he ought to be rejected, and
neither he nor his friends ought to attempt to
screen him from it, under a provision of a law
which was passed, perhaps, without proper con-
sideration.
If it be true, as the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] has suggested, that other officers
have been appointed under the same circumstances,
who have not been submitted to the Senate, let
him propose an amendment that shall embrace
them and subject them to the same ordeal, and
I will vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interposing.) The gentle- [
man has misunderstood me altogether. What I |
said was that until the last Congress, Assistant
Postmasters General, three m number, were ap-
fjointed by the Postmaster General himself; at the
ast Congress, however, we passed a law sub-
stantially in the same phraseology which we pro-
pose to give this bill, requiring that in future the j
appointment of these officers must go the Senate. [
The result has been, that one of them has been
removed, and the appointee confirmed by the Sen- ;
ate. Two of the Assistant Postmasters, appointed !
before the passage of this law, however, now hold
their offices, and have never been confirmed by the
Senate, their appointment having never gone be- ,
fore that body. Here is the law to which I refer, ;
passed during the last Congress; j
"That hereafter, as the office of Assistant Postmaster !
General, or either of th«m, shall bccornc vacated, the flj>- i
potntment of his successor shall be made by the President ■
of the United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate."
Mr. STANTON. I wish to call the attention
of the House to another point. The Constitution
of the United States, as I understand it, requires
that officers of this description shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Tennessee as to the limita-
tion of the term of office of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or of the Assistant Post-
masters General; whether there is any limitation
or end to their terms of office ?
Mr. STANTON. There is no positive limita-
tion, except in the will of the appointing power.
But, sir, there is a constitutional requirement,
and the question is, whether it can be evaded by
suffering a man to remain in office contrary to
that requirement. There is no other instance
now under the Government of the United States—
no instance under any existing law—in which an
officer of this grade is appointed without confirm-
ation by the SenWa of the United States. It
ought not to be so ill this case; and a man of high
feeling and of honor ought to scorn a place under
such circumstances, or any attempt to screen him-
self from the examination of the Senate.
Mr. WHEELER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Tennessee, if the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Alabama should
be adopted, whether it would not be a reflection
upon the President, in denying him the right to
appoint in such case?
Mr. STANTON. I think it is a reflection upon
the officer who holds the office in question to
desire to screen himself in any such manner.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have but one word to say
upon this subject now, and that is, that enough
has transpired in this debate, if it were not before
sufficiently evident, to convince the House that
now is not the time to proceed to final action upon
this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that this
is the very time when we should act upon it.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not think so. There is
no worse feature that can characterize legislation
than that a hill involving important questions of
law and expediency, should be driven through
this House without allowing sufficient time for its
proper consideration. Two questions have arisen
here—one in regard to the constitutionality, and
another in regard to the expediency of this
measure—both of which may well be doubted.
At all events, so it struck me; and I am not pre-
pared, therefore, at this time, to act upon this bill.
It may be that I am not so quick of apprehension
as other gentlemen upon the floor of this House,
but 1 must confess that I do not sufficiently under-
stand its meaning, its purpose, and its eflect; and
what, let me inquire, is the need of this earnest haste
on this occasion? Sir, I know it not. Myfriend
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] has furnished no
reason that is at all satisfactory to me. If the
bill be a good one—and, for anything I know, it
may be so—and I am by no means prepared to
say that it will not have my full and perfect
assent—there is no occasion for this earnest haste.
Let these questions be investigated by proper
committees; let there be a report made by some
committee to the House; and when that is done,
we can act understandingly and advantageously.
There is nothing whatev er gained by undue haste.
On the contrary, it not unfrequemly leads to a
lamentable retracing of our steps. It is a good
rule to be cautious; and for the sake of the integ-
rity of thepiactice of deliberation, as well as the
bearings upon the question involved in this bill,
I submit that this is not now the time to act
upon it. If it pass at all, it strikes me that
it should pass with the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones ;] but
I hold it to be one of those bills which should
be examined by a suitable committee as to its
legal bearings, and also as to the questions of ex-
pediency relating to it; and I think it should be
referred to one of the standing committees of this
House, for the purpose of careful investigation.
Touching the revenue and affecting the Treasury
Department in its operation, it strikes me that the
proper reference in this case is to the Committee
on Ways and Means—the reference which has
been already suggested. If gentlemen have an-
other choice, well and good; I have no feeling
in the matter; but for the purpose of terminating
debate, and of deciding whether we will act upon
the bill now, or at some future period when we
have had sufficient time for deliberation, I move its
reference to the Committee on Ways and Means;
and on that motion I ask for the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I hope the House will voteitdown.
[Cries of " Vote it down!"]
Mr. PHILIPS. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would do it with pleasure,
but if I do it for the gentleman from Alabama, I
must do it for others.
Mr. JONES. Further debate is not in order.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the previous question, and it was not seconded.
Mr. PHILIPS said: I would not, Mr. Speaker,
offer any remarks upon the subject before the
House, which has already received so much de-
bate, if it were not that I differ from the able and
learned gentlemen toho have preceded me with
regard to the constitutionality of this measure. I
profess to be a strict constructionist. I probably
owe my seat here to my attachment to that polit-
ical-creed. But, at the same time, we must be
careful that we do not forego or pretermit the clear
constitutional powers which are vested by the
Constitution in the Federal Government.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and
the gentleman on my left from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] have both assumed that it was a posi-
tion which scarcely could be controverted, that
the Constitution requires the appointment by the
President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, of the officer in question; and they placed
their judgment upon the ground that the appoint-
ment of no other than inferior officers could, by
the provisions of that instrument, be vested in
other hands. Now, to what does that term " in-
ferior" relate? is the question before the House.
Why, sir, it relates—and can have no distinct defi-
nition but in that relation—to the first; to wit, the
Secretary himself. Once determine that the First
Assistant Secretary is not an inferior officer, and,
I ask, where is the significance of the term " in-
ferior " to rest? Who shall say that a Second
Assistant Secretary is an inferior officer ? If we
depart from the plain construction, which, to my
mind, is so evident, that inferiority has reference
only to the first—to wit, the heads of Departments
—we are thrown upon a sea of construction by
which a constitutional rule of one character may
be established to-day, and a constitutional rule of
another character to-morrow.
Look to the cases specified in the Constitution
where the concurrent action of the Senate is re-
quired. They are " ambassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court" offices the superiority of which is at once
recognized. " But the Congress may by Jaw vest
the appointment of such inferior officers, as they
think, proper, in the President alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments."
The incumbent holds under a law vesting his
appointment in the Secretary of the Treasury, the
head of his Department. He is subordinate or " in-
terim to the Secretary, and is already within the
constitutional limitation, however important his
duties may be.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman whether the collectors at various points
are not subordinate to the heads of Departments,
whether his construction would not bring
them under the head of inferior officers? And let
me also ask him whether, from the foundation of
the Government, the President has not been re-
quired to make appointments of those officers,
an?J1 not been confirmed by the Senate?
Mr. PHILIPS. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, that a collector is the
,1,' ' t5 , °®ce- He has no superintendent
there. He has the sole control of it, and there-
fore comes within the definition assigned to the
Constitution.
So much, sir, for the constitutionality of this
measure. Now let me say a few words with ref-
erence to the expediency of the measure which is
before the House. It is proposed to take the ap-
pointment of the First Assistant Secretary of the
. reasury from the Secretary, and to give it to the
President; and this is to be done upon grounds
which denounce the past action of the Govern-
ment and the past action of these officers, as illegal
