1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
Mr. PEARCE. Does the bill disclose that the
female in the case is an Indian woman?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. PEARCE. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. CHASE. 1 do not say that the bill does;
but ihe chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs told me that that is the case.
Mr. PEARCE. It is very important that it
should appear in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not
appear in the bill. Does the Senator move an
amendment?
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator state to me
to what tribe the claimants belong?
Mr. CHASE. The Cherokees.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I move to amend the
bill by inserting after the words " Susan Coody
and others," the words, " of the Cherokee tribe
of Indians."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, the amend-
ment was concurred in, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read a
third time and passed.
ANN W. ANGUS.
The bill for the lelief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus
•was announced as the next upon the Calendar.
It proposes to continue to Mrs. Angus, for five
years from March 4, 1854, the pension heretofore
granted to her, which expired on the 4th of March
last, and also to extend to her the benefits of all
laws which may hereafter be passed, making gen-
eral provision for widows or further continuing
their half pay, and to give her all the benefits to I
which she would have been entitled if her hus-
band, Samuel Angus, had died in the .service of
the United States.
Mr. CASS. There is an expression contained
in that bill about extending the benefit of laws
which may hereafter be passed. It seems to me
to be a new provision. Will the Secretary please
to read it again ?
The Secretary read as follows:
"And that lie [the Secretary of Ihe Interior] be also
directed to extend to her the benefit** ofall laws winch may
hereafter be passed, making jjeneral provisions fur widow,
'or fuithcr continuing their half pay, to which paid benefits
fche would have been entitled had her husband, tiamuel
Aligns, died in the service ol the United States."
Mr. CASS. I think that had better be omit-
ted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator move to amend by striking it out ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly I do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER called" for the reading of the
report, and it was accordingly read.
it appears that the claimant is the widow of
Captain Samuel Angus, formerly of the Navy of
the United States; and she asks a pension on
account of the services of her husband, whose
death was occasioned from wounds received in
the service, while fighting the battles of his coun-
try. Captain Angus entered the service at the
age of fifteen, in the year 1709, and remained in
the servicc until the latter part of Mr. Monroe's
administration, when he was dismissed, without
a trial by court-martial, for writing a letter to the
Secretary of the Navy which was not considered
respectful. At the time of writing the letter, he
was laboring under temporary insanity, of which
President Monroe afterwards became satisfied,
and recommended his successor, Mr, Adams, to
reinstate him. He was not, however, reinstated,
m consequence of his being subject to fits of
insanity, but was allowed a pension, which con-
tinued to his death, on the 29th May, 1810.
During the whole period that he was in service,
up to the time of writing the letter, he sustained
the character of a brave and meritorious officer.
He was wounded in four separate engagements
with the enemy, and two of those wounds were
upon the head. The evidence is satisfactory to
the committee that his fits of insanity were occa-
sioned by those wounds, and that they hastened
his death. They were also the occasion of his
being a severe sufferer, and of great affliction to
his family for many years. During this time he
was also unable to make any provision for them,
and in consequence left a widow and six children
in destitute circumstances.
The committee consider the case embraced
within the spirit and principle of the pension laws,
and that the widow and children are as much
entitled to aid as though he had been killed while
fighting the battles of his country.
It has been the custom of Congress, from time
to time, to extend for a further term all the pen-
sions granted by existing statutes for five years.
This has been done so as to continue, from the
date of the allowance of such pensions under gen-
eral laws, all of them so granted, from year to
year since 1819—and the act of February 3,1853,
forms the single exception to this rule, in omitting
to mention the widows and orphans of the naval
service, while providing for a further five years'
pension to those of the Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
AMOS AND JOHN E. KENDALL.
The next was a bill—reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs—for the relief of Amos
Kendall and John E. Kendall.
Mr. EVANS. That bill will inevitably lead
to discussion. I cannot vote for it unless 1 hear
it debated.
The bill was passed over.
THOMAS C. NYE.
The next was a bill—reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads—for the
relief of Thomas C. Nye.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
have the accounts of Thomas C. Nye, lateUnited
States maifcarrier and contractor, investigated,
and to pay to him the amount of all losses which
he may have actually sustained at the time, by
the action of the Postmaster General, under the
law of March 3, 1845, repealing the previous law
by which new contractors were required to take
at valuation all horses, coaches, and so forth, of
the old United States mail contractors.
In 1839, Nye was extensively engaged, individ-
ually, and in partnership with others, in carry-
ing the United States mails between Utica, Ithaca,
Bmghamton, De Reuter, Cherry Valley, and
also between Albany and Salina, in the State of
New York. And, in 1M2, he became the sole
contractor on these lines, running upwards of two
hundted viiles of daily mails, employing many hun-
dreds of horses, and many staa:e coaches, amount-
ing, in value, to about §50,000.
In this heavy investment, in the United States
service, Mr. Nye was perfectly safe, because the
law required that, upon the reletting of the con-
tracts, the new contractors should take, at valua-
tion, all horses, coaches, &c., thereon, as a part
of the contract. But, by the act of March 3,
1845, this law was repealed, and the consequence
was, that upon reletting the contracts during that
year, upon which Mr. Nye was engaged, he was
underbid, losing all his contracts, and having all
his horses, coaches, &c., thrown upon his hands
unemployed, to his great injury and loss.
It appears that the law of March 3, 1845, did
not take effect until the first of July following,
and it is shown that the contracts were ad vertised
for reletting, and were relet under the old law,
with US provisions requiring the new contractors
to purchase all stock, horses, coaches, etc., on
the routes; but, notwithstanding this, Mr. Nye
had all his left upon his hands, the new contract-
ors failing to purchase any of them.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. From the work-
ing propensities exhibited this morning, the indi-
cations are that we are to have a long session to-
day. For that reason, and as the Senator from
North Carolina is in the chair, arid therefore pre-
cluded from making the motion which I know he
would make, if he were on the floor, I move, in
j his name, that, when the Senate adjourns to-day,
| it adjourn to meet on Monday next. \
\ The motion was agreed to. ;
I SAMUEL \V. BRADY. j
I The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of:
the Whole, to consider the bill from the House
of Representatives for the relief of Samuel W. j
Brady. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the j
Interior to place his name on the roll of invalid 1
pensioners, and pav him four dollars per
during his natural life, from the 1st January, 1850
th i
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THOMAS CROWN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Thomas Crown, which proposes to direct the
Third Auditor of the Treasury to ascertain the
damages sustained by Thomas Crown, by reason
of the refusal of the War Department to execute
a contract entered into by him with Captain
George Blaney, on the part of the Government,
on the 16th of March, 1826, and to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay the damages
thus ascertained, to an amount not exceeding
§6,000.
Mr. BRIGHT objected to the consideration of
the bill; but he afterwards said: I objected to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Thomas
Crown; but the Senator who reported it has ex-
plained its object to me, and understanding it now,
I withdraw my objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
OBED HUSSEY'S PATENT.
The next bill on the Calendar was one—reported
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office—for the relief of Obed Hussey.
It proposes to renew and extend for the term of
seven years the letters patent granted to Obed
Hussey, December 31,1833, for " a new and use-
ful improvement, being a machine for reaping or
cutting all kinds of small grain and grasses."
On the 31st of December, 1833, the petitioner
obtained letters patent for a " new and useful im-
provement, being a machine for reaping and cut-
ting all kinds of grain." This patent expired
December 31, 1847. On the 20th day of Decem-
ber, 1847, he applied to the board of extension for
a renewal and extension of his patent under the
act of July 4, 1836. The board had established
a rule, under the opinion of the Attorney General,
that all such applications should be made at least
sixty days before the expiration of the patent, in
order that the notice required by the act might be
given. His application was made but eleven days
before the expiration of his patent, a<id, conse-
quently, he could not give the notice; and the
board refused to act on his application. Mr.
Hussey alleges his entire ignorance of' this rule,
and of the decision or opinion of the Attorney
General above slated, as his excuse for not apply-
ing in due season to the board. The aqt does not,
in terms, require such notice; and the committee
doubt not that the petitioner may have been mis-
' led by the phraseology of the statute; and they
I regard it as a satisfactory excuse for his omission.
| In this case, it is the more satisfactory, as the
\ committee do not entertain the least doubt that
! Mr. Hussey would have obtained an extension of
his patent, if he had applied in time to give the
notice.
The petitioner's invention is of great value and
public utility. Without any fault of his own,
the patentee has not teceived adequate reward for
; his invention. Indeed, it appears he is quite a
poor man, and has devoted several years to his
i invention, and that it has but recently attracted
any extensive public attention. A contest was
recently made before the Patent Office as to his
■ being the true inventor of the machine, but it was
i decided in his favor, to the full extent that Mr.
Hussey claimed.
i Mr. NORRIS objected to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. PEARCE afterwards said: the Senator
from New Hampshire, a short time since, ob-
jected to the consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of Obed Hussey. I understand him now to
be wilhn" to withdraw his objection to the con-
sideration of that bill. I ask, therefore, that it
may be taken up for action by the Senate.
There being no further objection, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It was reported to theSenate with-
out amendment, and, on the question of ordering
it to be engrossed and read a third time, Mr.
i Norris called for the yeas and nays; and they
were ordered.
I Mr. FE38ENDEN. I wish to state, if it be
in order, that Hussey had a patent for fourteen
y«ars, which v/ae a very valuable one. He mads
