1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
[Many Voices. "Goon!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of Older. The remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee are not strictly in order.
Mr. JONES. 1 have no disposition to detain
the House longer.
[Cries of " Go on !"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man give way for a motion to adjourn? It is now
late in the afternoon.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I prefer to go on
now, as I do nut propose to detain the House five
minutes; and I do hope that this matter will be
disposed of before we adjourn. I do not intend
to go into the discussion which has been opened
up here this evening. I do not intend even to de-
febd the occupant of the chair from the assault
which has been made upon him, even though he
occupies a position winch prevents him from re-
plying to that assault. I have the satisfaction to
know that the House and the country are familiar
enough with the public character and distinguished
public services of the Speaker to make it unneces-
saiy. Nor do I intend to enter into the discus-
sion of the constitutional question which has been
brought up this afternoon, nor to discuss the
question whether the Administration is on trial
before the House of Representatives upon the
matter of the appointment of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It would be a weak and
staggering Administration, indeed, that would de-
pend upon the settlement of that question in any
form. It would be a weak and staggering Secre-
tary of the Treasury who would depend upon the
settlement of that question in any form.
The proposition before the House, submitted
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, is to put the joint resolution from the Sen-
ate upon its passage, with such an amendment as
to make the confirmation by the Senate of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury prospective,
and not to affect the present officer. I say to the
gentleman from Alabama, that, in my opinion,
from what I have seen this afternoon, if a vote is
taken upon the question now, and with the inform-
ation at present in the possession of the House,
liis amendment will be voted down. I do not know
but that the amendment ought to be voted down.
1 am not prepared to say. 1 think that the proper
course will be to pursue the ordinary mode, and
refer the resolution from the Senate to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, so that they may
report to the House, and then the House may act
upon this as they do upon other questions. Why
make this an exception ? There are other officers
of this Government of equal grade with the As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury, who have not
been confirmed by the Senate;but under the oper-
ation of laws recently passed, when hereafter
vacancies occur, and these offices are to be filled,
the appointees are to be confirmed by the Senate.
It may be proper that these officers should all be
put upon the same footing, and it may be proper
that the present Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury should undergo the ordeal of the Senate. If
so, the Committee on Ways and Means, to whom,
I suppose, this resolution would be appropriately
referred, may report back the Senate resolution
with an amendment applying its provisions also
to the officers in the Post Office Department and ;
others. :
Mr. DISNEY. It should go to the Judiciary '
Committee.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I confess I do not
ottdch so much consequence tn the constitutional i
question as my friends from Virginia and Ohio, ;
[Messrs. Bayly and Disney;] and the remarks of
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Philips]
strike me as perfectly conclusive on that point. I
am sure I have no particular desire that this reso-
lution should be referred to the Ways and Means
Committee; and if it is the geneial sense of the
House, 1 will move to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
[Several Voices. " That's right."]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is proper that I
should say that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] or'sfmally proposed to refer the resolu-
tion, and yielded to the suggestions of others m
asking for action upon it at once. I now move
that the joint resolution from the Senate be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and upon that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would do so with great
pleasure at any other time; but it is now very late,
and I think the House ought to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 19, 1853.
Prayer by the R.ev. William H. Milburn.
The J ournal of Thursday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CLAY presented the credentials of the
Hon. Bknjimiw Fitzpatrick, elected a Senator
from the State of Alabama, by the Legislature of
that State, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of the Hon. William R. King, which,
during a portion of the last session, he filled by
Executive appointment.
The oath prescribed by law having been admin-
istered to Mr. Fitzi'a trick , he took his seat in the
Senate.
DEATH OF THE HON. C. G. ATHERTON.
Mr. N0RR1S. Mr. President, I ask theunan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce resolu-
tions in relation to the death of my late colleague,
the Hon. Charles G. Atherton.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. NORRIS. Mr. President, before offering
the resolutions, which, by the kind indulgence of
the Senate, I am enabled to present at this time, I
will submit a few remarks in connection with the
subject.
During the four years I have been honored with
a seat in this Chamber, often has the attention of
the Senate been arrested from its ordinary busi-
ness to the contemplation of the solemn scenes of
death. Of those who have been associated with
us here during that brief period, no less than nine
have passed to their final account. The most dis-
tinguished minds of the land—I might well say
of the world—have been removed from us by the
hand of death. Their wisdom to counsel—their
eloquence to inspire—live only in the history of
the past. It seems to me that if ever there was a
body of men taught by the admonitions of an all-
wise Providence the utter emptiness of the highest
earthly places of honor and trust, that body is
the Senate of the United Stales. While the path-
way of death has been thronged by our fellow-
countrymen who have conferred upon us the high
places we occupy, that dark pathway nas also ;j
been trod by an unprecedented number of our ;
associates, all hastening to, and mingling together
in the same common resting-place—thegrave. j
The last on the catalogue of the fated number j
of our associates was my esteemed and lamented 1
friend and colleague, Charles Gordon Athf.r- i
ton, who at the "time of his recent death was a
member of this body from the State of New
Hampshire. He died suddenly at Manchester, in
that State, on the 15th of November last, of paral- i
ysis. On the morning of the 10th, he came into i
the court-room in that city, where he had been
actively and laboriously engaged some two or
three weeks in the discharge of professional
duties, apparently as full of health and spirits
as any of us now enjoy, and with the brightest
I prospects of a useful and distinguished future.
Soon after coming into the court, while conversing
I with a member of the bar, his countenance sud-
i denly changed, and his tongue refused its utter-
ance. His left side was paralyzed. He was
1 immediately removed to his lodgings, and the ablest
j medical aid procured. During the remainder of
! that day (Thursday) and the next he seemed fully
' conscious of his condition, and communicated
1 with his friends; but on Saturday he sunk into a
| state of unconsciousness, from which he never
j awoke, hut continued to sink gradually under the
force of the attack until Tuesday, the ]5th, at one
o'clock p. m., when he breathed his last.
Thus, abruptly, has been stricken down.in an
unexpected moment, our late esteemed associate,
in the meridian of physical and intellectual man-
hood.
He left us at the close of the last special session
with as well-founded expectations of being here
to day as any member of this body—but, alas!
that seat has been vacated. How suddenly does
Providence, by his inscrutable decrees, blast our
fondest anticipations, and teach us the true tenure
of man's estate—the true, yet frail tenure of all -
earthly honor and station, 'and of life itself. In-
deed, what are all these but an empty inheritance,
except so far as they are made subservient to
individual and the public prosperity—to the hap-
piness and permanent good of the race f
Mr. Atherton left no children. His parents,
indeed the whole of his father's family, had gone
before him to the tomb. Nevertheless, he
died amid a large circle of ardent and cher-
ished friends, who sincerely mourn his death.
He was descended from ancestors distinguished
in the history of his State. " His grandfather,
Joshua Atherton, was a lawyer of much eminence,
and settled early at Amherst, the Shire town
of Hillsborough county—was a member of the
Convention which ratified the Constitution of the
United States, and subsequently a Senatorand At-
torney General of New Hampshire. His father,
Charles H. Atherton, was also a thoroughly-read
and accomplished lawyer, aman of brillinntgemus,
and a fine orator. He was frequently a mem-
ber of the State Legislature, and a member of the
House of Representatives in the Fourteenth Con-
gress.
The subject of my present remarks was born at
Amherst, Hillsborough county, in the State of
New Hampshire, the residence of his father and
grandfather, on the fourth day of July, 1804. He
exhibited, at a very early age, a strong taste for
classic literature, and a capacity to master, with
remarkable quickness and ease, the fundamental
elements of a classic and liberal education. He
entered Cambridge University in 1818, being then
only fourteen years of age, and graduated in
1822, beloved and esteemed both by the faculty
and his fellow-students. His college life was ex-
emplary, and his standing as a scholar was among
the first of his class.
After leaving college, he studied law in the
office of his father, and was admitted to the bar
at the age of twenty-one years, and established
himself in his profession at Nashua, in his native
county, where he resided until his recent death.
Mr. Atherton had been much in public life, a
circumstance showing better, perhaps, than any
other test, the high estimation in which he was
held for fidelity and capacity, by the people of his
State. In 1830 he was chosen a member of the
Legislature, and in 1831 he was elected Secretary
of the Senate. He was again chosen a member of
the Legislature in 1833, and continued a member
| until 1836, and was the Speaker of the House of
I Representatives for three successive years. He
was a member of the House of -Representatives of
! the United States, for the Twenty-Fifth, Twenty-
I Sixth, and Twenty-Seventh Congresses. In the
I year 1842 lie was chosen by the Legislature of
the State of New Hampshire a member of this
I body for the term of six years. After having
! served out his term, he retired from public life
j and resumed the practice of his profession. In
! 1850 he was elected to the Convention called to^
:! revise the Constitution of the State of New Hamp-
li shire. In 1852 he was again elected to represent
his State in the Senate of the United States for
six years, and took his seat, here on the fourth
day of March last. From the tasks of the school-
room to the high duties of a Senator, he well
and ably acted his part. As a scholar, he was
thorough, enthusiastic, and accomplished; as a
lawyer, a master in the profession, quick of per-
ception, yet always safe and judicious m council;
as an advocate, forcible and logical, oftentimes
! soarin" into the highest regions of forensic elo-
quence- as a statesman, he was fearless and just,
I enlightened and able. While tenacious of the
interest of his own immediate constituents, he
' was always liberal and just towards the interests
: of every other section of the country, taking
! the Constitution as the great chart to guide and
limit his action. As a patriot, his views were
