62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 19,
as broad as the Confederacy, adhering with in-
flexible firmness to those conservative and consti-
tutional principles which secure to every section
of our common country the rights peculiar to each.
He acknowledged no political law higher or more
sacred for his rule of conduct here than that sacred
instrument which we are all sworn to support.
As a friend, he was ever faithful and true.
The death of such a man is not merely a sad
bereavement to the State whose immediate repre-
sentative he was, but a calamity coextensive %vith
■the Union, reaching as deep as the foundation of
those great principles of republican liberty on
which our prosperity and happiness as a united
people depend.
This lamentable event again teaches us the all-
important and solemn lesson to be " also ready,"
for we know not the moment when we, too, shall
be called to our final account.
Sir, while we, in common with his numerous
friends, lament his death, let us not forget that
there is one of his own immediate family circle left
behind with whom we can only sympathize: 1
mean the loved and chosen partner of his youth—
the amiable and accomplished companion of his
maturer manhood—who, with stricken heart and
a soothing care that none but woman can bestow,
watched with anxious solicitude the fitful pulsa-
tions of sinking nature, and bathed his aching
head with her teais. While we extend to her our
deepest sympathies, it is G-od alone can heal the
crushed heart.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, Thai the Senate deeply laments the death of the
Hon. Cha.ri.es Gordon Athgrton, who, at the tune ofhts
decease was a member of tins body from the State of New
Hampshire, and tenders to his widow a sincere sympathy
ill this most afflicting bereavement.
Resolved, Thnt the Secretary communicate a crvpy of the
foregoing resolution to the widow of the deceased ; and fur-
ther, that lie communicate these proceedings to the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to second the resolution
which the Senator from New Hampshire has
•offered, and to which he has spoken so feelingly
and eloquently. This is the second time within
the brief period of our session that the Senate has
been called upon to pay funeral honors to the dead.
Awhile ago it was to one, who, ripe with years
and honors, descended to the tomb when life had
fulfilled its promises, and seemed to have reached
its natural and appropriate close. Now, sir, we
are to pay them to one stricken down in the prime
of life, with Ills hopes and aspirations fresh and
growing around him. He had already won a high
position before the country, and had possessed
himself of great opportunities for future usefulness,
which, in hands able to use them, are, perhaps, to
be reckoned among the chief of earthly blessings.
Trusted by his friends, respected by his oppo-
nents, and honored by his State, a thousand
favoring circumstances invited his reappearance
upon the political arena, and a bright and prom-
ising future seemed to be opening before him. And
yet, in an instant of time, with the untasted cup
beside him, without forewarning or foreshadow
of the fatal event which was coming so swiftly
upon him, he was stricken down in mid-career.
The mind was smitten in its fastness, and the
stream of life stood still at its spring. The living
spirit which sometimes " o'er-informs its tenement
of clay," had loosed the connecting link between
mind and body, and the oracle was hushed whilst
the earth-built walls of its sanctuary still remained.
Under such circumstances continued existence
could have been no blessing; and our regrets are
more due to the first than to the second blow,
which completed the rum after the grace and
charm of life had tied.
Mr. President, my acquaintance with Charles
G. Atiierton commenced in 1837, when I first en-
tered the House of Representatives, of which body
I found him an ardent, active, and efficient mem-
ber. Even at that early day he was a marked and
trusted man in his party. Here, sir, 1 afterwards
served with him in more intimate relations upon
the Committee of Finance, on which he was chair-
man. I can safely testify to his fidelity to prin-
ciple, and the efficiency with which he discharged
the duties of that trust. He was upright and hon-
orable in all the relations of life. As his colleague
has well said, he was an eminently safe man in !
council, and one, I may add, who pursued his pur- 1
poses, when once they were formed, with firm-
ness and ability.
Mr. President, when we look to a life thus cut
short in its midst, as it were, we feel as if we had
heard some half-told tale, and the imagination is
on the stretch to fill up the vacuum, and supply the
loss. What is lost we cannot restore; and yet we
have enough of his history to warrant the belief
that, with the last sigh of his physical existence,
there passed away thoughts, conceptions, and as-
pirations which constituted a noble scheme of life.
The objects of pursuit of such a man must have
been pure and elevated, and we have every reason
to believe that his expectations were founded upon
a just confidence in his own high character and
abilities. That he did not live to fulfill this scheme,
his friends most deeply deplore; but who, sir,
shall undertake to reason upon the decrees of
Providence, unless he is also acquainted with his
secrets ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, such has
been my acquaintance with our friend whose
death has been announced by my colleague, that
1 cannot refrain on this, to me, unexpected occa-
sion, from adding my humble but heartfelt trib-
ute to his memory. My first acquaintance with
Mr. Atherton commenced in 1830. He was
then a member of the New Hampshire House of
Representatives; and I was connected with him
as a member of the House or State Senate for
seven successive years. Three years of that time
he was Speaker of the House, and by a dignified,
impartial, prompt, and correct discharge of duty,
distinguished himself as an efficient and accom-
plished presiding officer.
The next four years, during the administration
of Mr. Van Buren, I was associated with him as
a member of the House of Representatives in the
other end of tins budding. In that body, very few,
if any, brought to its service more integrity of
purpose, more clear and discriminating judgment
to settle questions of difficulty, or more ready
powers in debate, or greater legislative knowledge,
skill, and ability. It was my happiness generally
to concur with him on all important national
questions, and to share so liberally in his personal
friendship, as to be able to estimate his personal,
as well as his public character. He was not only
distinguished for high qualities in the discharge of
public duty, but equally distinguished for his hu-
mane, sincere, generous, and kind feelings, which
endeared him to his friends. The perfect respect
and friendship then formed for his character I
shall fondly and gratefully cherish for his memory
till I am gathered with him to the silent tomb.
In his manners, Mr. Atherton' was naturally
reserved, quiet, and unobtrusive, but affable and
courteous, gentlemanly and polished. He was
incapable of deceiving by false or hypocritical
professions, and by keeping his faith with all, gave
a beautiful exemplification of the incmruplu fides,
in a life devoted to fidelity, justice, and truth,
which left among the living not a single resentment
or unkind feeling to be buried in his grave. The
deceased was a graduate of Harvard College, an
accomplished scholar, of varied and extensive lit-
erary attainments, possessing a mind quick, clear,
and vigorous, highly cultivated, and remarkably
well balanced.
^ Of his eminent talents, public character and ser-
vices, it is unnecessary for me to add to what has
been eloquently and truthfully said by those who
have preceded me. These are the property of the
country, and belong to the bright pages of its his-
tory. It belongs to me now only to say, that in
every position to which the deceased was eleva-
ted, he discharged his duty acceptably, and with
marked fidelity and ability.
In his native State, which he represented here,
he shared,as he richly deserved, largely in her
confidence and support, and was regarded by her
citizens as the head of their bar, and one of their
most able lawyers and eloquent advocates. His
constituents admired his high, noble, and patriotic
character, and often felt a glow of exultation and
Statepride, in view of the signal ability with which
he maintained an honorable position here amidst
the assembled galaxy of the master-minds of the
nation. He loved his country, and nobly main-
tained those principles on which its prosperity
and security depend. Happy will it be for us if
our footsteps are guided by the calm and steady
light of his example, which brightly shines along
the pathway of duty and usefulness.
His accomplished and worthy partner, to whom
he was ever devoted in his kindness and affection,
and whose hand assuaged the bitterness of his part-
ing life, lives to mourn her irreparable loss. To her
stricken bosom should our sympathy and conso-
lation be addressed. If her constant, abiding,
and self-sacrificing affection, her cares, sympathies,
and efforts triumphing oyer fatigue and exhausted
nature, could have availed, her husband would
long have been spared to her and to his friends,
who now deplore his loss. But, alas! he has gone
the road all must once pass. Cahanda semel via
lethi. Talents and wealth, position and power,
could not avert the arrows of death. In the prime
of life and vigor of intellect, and mid-career of his
usefulness, he has been stricken down, and a great
light extinguished forever—leaving a seat here
which cannot be filled with equal ability and devo-
tion to principle, and a nation to mourn a sad and
melancholy bereavement.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Mr. NORRIS. Mr. President, as a further
mark of respect to the memory of the deceased, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 19, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. William H. Milburv.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
Mr. MURRAY. I desire to present a report
from the Committee on Printing.
CREDENTIALS OP JOSE MANUEL GALLEGOS.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a question pf privi-
lege. I ask to present the credentials of Senior
Jose Gallegos, a delegate from the Territory of
New Mexico; and that he may be sworn and take
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire that the com-
mission under which it is proposed to introduce
Mr. Gallegos may be read; and before any action
is taken upon it, I desire to call the attention of
the House to what I conceive to be the state of the
case under this presentation—that neither of the
contestants is prima facia entitled to a seat upon
this floor.
The credentials were read at the Clerk's table
as follows:
United States of Jlmerica,
Territory of N~ew Mexico :
I, David Meriwether, Governor of the Territory of New
Mexico, do hereby certify, that on the twentieth dav of
September, A. D.one thousand fight hundred and fifty-
three, and m my presence, William S. Messervy, Secretary
for said Territory, proceeded to open and count the returns
of votes given at a general election held in the several
countics of said Territory, on the fifth dav of the present
month, for a Delegate to the Thirty-Third'Congress of the
United States, and that counting the entire vote, as re-
turned by the sever.il prefects, the result stands as follows:
Jos£ Manuel Gallegos received 4,971 votes.
William Carr Lane received 4,526 "
Majoiity for Jos<* Manuel Gallegos  445 votea.
And, that after thiowing out of the count such returns as
were not made in strict accordance with law. the result
stands as follows:
Jo^ Manuel Gallegos received 2,806 votea.
William Carr Lane received 2 267 "
Majority foi Jos<* Manuel GaUegos  .539 «
Therefore I, the said David Meriwether, Governor as
aforesaid, do declare and make known that the said Jos6
Manuel Gallegos was and is duly elected Delegate from
said Territory to the Thirty Third Congress of the United
States, according to Jaw.
In testimony whereof i have hereunto signed my name,
fL. s 1 an^ a^xed the seal of the Territory of New Mex-
'J leo, this twenty-first day of September, A. D. one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.
D D. MERIWETHER.
By the Governor :
William S. Mfsservy, Secretary of Territory.
United States of America,
Territory of New Mexico;
■vr*' Messervy, Secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico, do hereby certify, that on the 20th day of Sep-
tember, A. D. 1853, and in the presence of the Governor of
said lerritory, I proceeded to count the returns of votes
given at a general election held in the several counties of
said Territory, on the fifth day of September last, for a
Delegate to the Thirty Third Congress ot the United States;
and that counting the entire vote as returned to this office by
the several prefects, the result stands as follows :
Jose Manuel Gallegos received.,.. 4 971 votes.
William Carr Lane received .'.*.*4,526 "
Majority for Jos4 Manuel Gallegos "Us "
