64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19.
of the House or defraying the expenses of em-
ploying assistance from their own pockets.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will ray col-
league allow me to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly, I will; but before
doing so will my colleague allow me one remark?
He is my friend, and, Tarn sure, will not take of-
fense at what I intend to say. I allude to a prac-
tice which has grown up here until it has become
the grossest abuse. It is a common—almost uni-
versal practice—that whenever a gentleman rises
to speak upon this floor he cannot be allowed to
proceed for three minutes without being inter-
rupted. I do not say this to any particular indi-
vidual, and should not say it to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] if he were not my
friend; but what 1 say is true, and it is a practice
which 1 utterly detest.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am very willing to re-
ceive any suggestion from my colleague in rela-
tion to this system of interruption which he may
be pleased to give, although I think that perhaps
he is as much in the habit of violating the rule
which he seeks to lay down as any gentleman
upon this floor.
Mr. DISNEY. Oh, no! oh, no!
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not rise to interrupt
my colleague, but merely to suggest to him m the
kindest manner possible a defect in his resolution;
■and, if he is not prepared to receive it in a kindly
spirit 
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly; I will receive it in
that spirit.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then we may debate its
propriety.
Mr. DISNEY. I will receive any suggestion
from my colleague.
Mr. CAMPBFXL. Now, sir, we had a little
trouble the other day in relation to a matter of this
kind. If it is necessary to employ a clerk for this
committee, I do not wish to throw any obstacles
in the way. The resolution offered by my col-
league authorizes the committee to employ a clerk
at a fixed salary per day, without limiting the
time; and hence, if it should pass in its present
shape, that committee would be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk all the time, even during the whole
year, at the salary therein named. I rose, there-
fore, to suggest to my colleague that he should
amend his proposition by adding to his resolution
that the committee be authorized to employ a
clerk at a rate of compensation not to exceed four
dollars per day for the time he may be actually
employed during the session; because, if the reso-
lution is not so modified, I shall vote against it.
- GentLemen will find that the resolution passed the
other day, giving a clerk to the Committee on
"Ways and Means, was restricted; and for one I
never will consent to give the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands a greater privilege in this respect than
the Committee on Ways and Means, whose duties
are known to be greater, and involve more respon-
sibility than those of any other committee. I
would, therefore, suggest to my friend that he
would modify his resolution; and if he is not dis-
posed to do so himself, I hope he will yield the
floor, so that some other member may have an
opportunity of doing so.
Mr. DISNEY. In conformity with the usual
practice of the House, I have had a speech made
within my speech. My friend over the way [Mr.
Campbell] is a warm personal friend of mine, and
1 take all the remarks which he has made on this
occasion in good feeling. I was not, however,
complaining of him, but of the practice which has
grown up in this House, and of which I must
take this opportunity of expressing my abhor-
rence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman is not dis-
cussing the proposition before the House, but is
complaining, if I may say so, in rather a petulant
manner of the general conduct of this body.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
JMr. Disney] will confine himself to the subject-
mattej; before the House.
Mr. DISNEY. My colleague knows full well
that I am not the man to make any remark in a
petulant spirit. I think he will, if he reflects, be
ready to admit that I am about as sweet a tem-
pered man as any in this House.
But, sir, let that pass. I come back to the sub-
ject of the resolution. The suggestion made by my
colleague may perhaps be well enough in the end
if it did not involve a charge against the discretion
and judgment of the committee itself.
I think that the House should presume that in
all such cases, the committee will exercise a fair
and just discretion in the appointment; in the first
place, that they will not employ a clerk, unless
the state of business really requires the services
of one; in the second place, that they will en-
deavor to select such an individual as will best
discharge the duties; and finally, that when the
services of such an officer become unnecessary,
they will discharge him from their employment.
That is the reasonable presumption in the case.
But, sir, if the House are unwilling to trust to the
discretion of the committee in this particular case,
or in any other, let them, by express words in
the resolution, limit the power of the committee
to employ, a clerk to such time as they may think
proper. That there is a necessity for a clerk in
this particular case, I know. That the committee
will not undertake to retain the services of a clerk
longer than the necessities of the case seem to re-
quire, I believe, and hence I have reported the
resolution precisely as it was adopted by the com-
mittee, and I now leave it for the decision of the
House.
Mr. COBB. I avail myself of this occasion, as
it is perhaps as appropriate as any other will be,
to define my position m regard to these matters.
I invariably vote against the employment of a
clerk by any committee, and I am opposed to the
employment of a clerk for the Committee on Public
Lands, of which I am a member. Inasmuch,
however, as a majority of our committee deemed
it necessary that we should have a clerk, and as it
is a delicate subject, so far as my colleagues and
myself are concerned, I shall not state any reasons
why I am opposed to it, but will only add that L
am opposed to this motion, as I am to all propo-
sitions of a similar character.
Mr. DISNEY. It is probably right that I
should state that the gentleman from Alabama,
who has just taken his seat, voted in the committee
against this resolution, and he was the only mem-
ber of the committee who so voted. He stated
then, as he states now, that he was opposed to
allowing clerks to any committees.
Mr. PRATT. Some minutes since I asked the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] a very civil
question in a very respectful manner, or, I in-
tended it, at least. 1 inquired of him if it had
been usual to employ a clerk for this commit-
tee 
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the gentleman'a pardon;
I had forgotten it.
Mr. PRATT. The gentleman did not see fit
to answer the question; but a gentleman in front
of me, who was also a member of the last Con-
gress, answered my- question in a gentlemanly
manner, that such had not been the practice.
Now, sir, I am opposed to granting any such
privilege as this to a committee. If one com-
mittee is entitled to a clerk, why, I ask, are not
all the committees of this House entitled to simi-
lar assistance? For what objcct are the commit-
tees constituted ' They are to furnish legislation
for this House. It is well known that a large
portion of legislation is done by the committees
at the present day; and if they are to have an
assistant—some one employed at the expense of
the Government, to draw up their bills, resolu-
tions, and so forth, why they can have very little
to do themselves. As a matter of course, "I take
it for granted that gentlemen come here to serve
their constituents and their country, and aie pre-
pared to devote their time to that service. With
that view of the matter, I am opposed, utterly
opposed, to the appointment of clerks for any
committees.
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) I should have said,
whilst I was up just now, that if any committee
of this House deserves a clerk, it is the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. If the labors to be per-
formed this session are such as we have had to
perform during former Congresses, I say, with-
out fear of contradiction, that there ase more
cases to be considered by that committee than by
any other committee of the House. I know that
such was the case during the last Congress.
Sir, I am opposed to the general principle of
the thing; but if a clerk is to be allowed to any
committee, none deserves it better than the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in view of the labors of
that committee.
Mr. PRATT. I will admit that what the gen-
tleman from Alabama says is true. The duties
of that committee are doubtless arduous. I voted
the other day m favor of allowing the Committee
on Ways and Means a cleik, at four dollars per
diem, because it is customary for that committee
to have a clerk I was opposed to allowing that
committee a clerk at a salary of fifteen hundred
dollars per annum. I have since had occasion to
regret that I voted to allow them a clerk at all-—
even at four dollars a day.
I deem it the duty of every committee of this
House to attend to the discharge of its legitimate
functions. I have understood that members have
sought places upon certain committees, if the
members of the Committee on Public Lands have
sought their places on that committee, they ought
to be willing to discharge the duties incident
thereto. I propose now in regard to that com-
mittee—and I know but little about it—indeed, I
only know two gentlemen upon it, the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Conn,] and the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that if they have oner-
ous duties to perform, and are unable to perform
them, and will say so, there are other gentlemen
in this House who will readily take their places.
[Laughter.] I hope that the resolution will not
^ Mr. CLING-MAN. Believing that the debate
has taken up time enough, I call for the previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust that the gentle-
man will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion until I make a single remark.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I withdraw my call for
the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I think
that the Committee on Public Lands ought to
have a clerk, but with restrictions.
Mr. DISNEY. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I modify my resolution so as to limit its
operation to the present session.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is my sincere con-
viction that any young man who has the least
prospect before him in the world, and comes here
and accepts a clerkship, is on the sure road to
ruin. I regret that this is so. The amount paid
these clerks while employed—four dollars per
day—is a matter of no consideration; but you
make loafers of them, as a general thing, when
they are out of employment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY. Let us have a direct vote upon
the resolution.
Mr. LETCIIER. The sense of the House, in
respect to the matter, can be as well tested on a
motion to lay upon the table as in any other way.
I demand the yeas and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; 18 only
voting in the affirmative.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY. I call for the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the mam question was ordered to
be put.
At the request of Mr. ORR, the resolution, as
modified, was rend.
Mr. WALSH. I understood that the mod-
ification was to limit the pay to the time actually
employed.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was putin the original
resolution.
The question was then taken upon the adop-
tion of the resolution as modified, and there were,
upon a division, ayes 101; noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HENN moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and also to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
DEATH P HON. C. G. ATHERTON.
A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dicki.vs, Esq., its Secre*
tary, communicating to the House the following
resolution passed by that body:
" Resolved tmanimouily, That the Senate ileeplv lament
tile recent death ot Ihe Hon. Charles Goi;nox Atheuton,
who, at the time of tua decease, was, a member uf this body
