THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1854.
New Series No. 103.
The resolution was read,as follows:
Revolvd, That on and after the 10th of July instant, the
House of Representatives will assemble for the tiansactiou
of business at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 ask the consent of the
House to consider the resolution now, as the time
for the final adjournment is near at hand.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I object, as I
think a belter arrangement can be made than that
presented by the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have no objection to
making the time of meeting ten o'clock'instead of
eleven o'clock, if the gentleman would prefer it.
Mr. JONES. I object to the resolution in the
form in which it is now presented.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman from
New York suggest the amendment which he would
prefer ?
Mr. JONES. I am willing to state to the House
the reasons for my objection to the resolution of
the gentleman from Alabama. If we commence
our sessions at eleven o'clock, I am satisfied that
the physical strength of the members who com-
pose this House would not enable them, at this
time of the year, to go through with a session of
iive or six hours with safety to themselves, nor
do I think the exigencies of the case demand it.
1 think a better arrangement would be to meet at
nine o'clock in the morning, take our dinner at
two o'clock, and then come together in the even-
^ ing at six or seven o'clock, and spend three or
four hours more. I am as able to endure a con-
tinued session of six or eight hours as any other
individual here: but I know I cannot do it with
safety to myself, and therefore I shall^ive a vote
against it.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House then proceeded tn consider Mr.
Orr's motion to reconsider the vote by which the
civil and diploinaticappropriation bill was rejected
yesterday.
Mr. ORR. The action of the House yesterday
in rejecting the civil and diplomaticbili, and which
I have made a motion to reconsider, did not excite
any great surpiise in my mind.
1 suppose there can be no question on the minds
of the members of this House as to the reason for
what would seem to be an extraordinary vote,
namely, the rejection of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. I have no doubt in my own
mind that that result was produced by incorpo-
rating in that bill appropriations amounting in the
whole to some five, or six, or seven hundred
thousand dollars for certain custom-houses. I
was opposed to these custom-house appropriations
myself, and nothing but the pressing necessity
and urgency of passing the bill would have induced
me to have supported it with these custom-house
appropriations incorporated in it.
1 do not propose now to enter into any general
debate. 1 think the time has come when we should
go to voting and stop speaking. The plan which
I have in view, after consultation with some
friends, for the purpose of relieving the House
from the embarrassing condition in which it finds
itself, is this: I propose, if the motion to recon-
sider the vote rejecting the bill prevails, to move
then to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. If
this latter motion prevails, then some gentleman
on the floor, who voted m favor of incorporating
the custom-house appropriations into this bill, will
be prevailed upon, I trust  to move to reconsider
that vote.
[Laughter, and a cry of "Are you sure of
that?"]
I cannot give any especial guarantee to that
effect. But 1 can say to the House that 1 have no
doubt in my own mind, if the two motions which
i have indicated pievad, that a motion will be
made by some gentleman on the floor to recon-
sider the vote by which the custom-house amend-
ments were put mpon the bill.
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man from South Carolina will allow me, I will
108
inquire of him whether there is any certainty that
any gentleman can get the floor who will move to
reconsider the vote by which the custom-house
amendments were adopted?
Mr. ORR. Yes; that is a privileged question, to
be made, as the gentleman from Kentucky knows,
at any time.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from South Carolina whether it would
not be more advisable, if this vote rejecting the
bill be reconsidered, then to move—should such
motion be in order—to recommit the bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means? There would
not be any necessity, I take it, to go through the
course indicated by the gentleman from South
Carolina. If the Committee of Ways and Means
take the bill back, I presume they will be able to
put it in whatever shape they may think best cal-
culated to meet the views of the majority of the
House, and to advance the public interests. By
reconsidering the vote rejecting it, this course can
be adopted.
Mr. ORR. I am satisfied that there is a major-
ity of the House willing to vote for the passage
of the bill, were the cus'om-house appropriations
not incorporated in it; and I think that the plan
which I have indicated is the shortest plan that
the House can pursue to attain the desired result.
This is an important bill. If you do not pass
it, you stop the wheels of Government. Every
civil officer of the Government, from the President
down to the lowest subordinate, is depending for
his salary this year on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PRESTON. If the gentleman from South
Caiohna will allow me, I will make a suggestion,
inasmuch as I am as desirous to pass this bill as he
is. If the plan he suggests be adopted, we will
have to go back again to where we commenced.
If we turn and support the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was rejected yesterday,
the object can be attained in a simpler manner.
The bill lacked but three votes yesterday to be
carried, and I hold that the bill can be passed as
it stands; because it was not on the subject of the
custom-house amendments that it was defeated.
But if we go beyond that simple means of recon-
sidering the vote, we will get the bill involved in
all the difficulties in which it has been involved
from the beginning of the session. These custom-
houses, I contend, are the only things which have
given the bill the strong support it has received.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) If my friend from
Kentucky would allow me, I would suggest that
the custom-house appropriations did not seem to
give much strength to the deficiency bill.
Mr. PRESTON. I believe the second defi-
ciency bill was more odious than the first. I hope
the friends of the custom-houses—for 1 will be
perfectly frank with the gentleman—will vote to
give the gentleman the first reconsideration he
desires. But we want the bill to pa?s as it is
now, or let a new bill come up. We do not de-
sire to go beyond the first motion to reconsider.
The Government officers haverecommemled these
custom-houses; the Senate have recommended
them; this House has recommended them, and
we have discussed them all, article by article, and
clause by clause, twice; and we have voted upon
them, by yeas and nays; and the hill finally came
within three votes of passing. Nov/, if the gen-
tleman will obtain but three votes upon that side !
of the House, among the friends of the Admims- '
tration, the bill will pass. But if that cannot be
done, we shall be placed back where we were two'
months ago.
Mr. ORR resumed the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN, (mteirupting.) I would
like, with the permission of the gentleman from
South Carolina, to inquire of him whether there
is any gentleman in the House who will move
the consideration indicated by him, provided the
gentleman's first two motions to reconsider pre-
viv\ ?
Mr. MATTESON. Is the gentleman in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order, if the
gentleman from South Carolina has yielded only
for an explanation. The question of order will
depend upon the limit of debate in which the gen-
tleman proposes to indulge. ' *
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not my purpose, to
trespass either upon the courtesy of the gentleman
from South Carolina, or upon that of this House.
It is necessary that this House should pass a
proper antl legitimate appropriation bill; but I tell
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Prestos,]
as also the gentleman from South Carolina, that
if they will attempt to clog this bill with amend-
ments, as they did the deficiency bill at the earlier
period of this session, i Uust, tor one, that there
will be firmness and independence enough in the
members of this House to defeat it again. If all
our friends had been here—in other words, if the
House had been full at the time the vote was taken*
we would have killed the bill by a much larger
majority than we did yesterday. And I trust we
will do so again.
Mr. ORR, (resuming.) I hope I shall now be
allowed to conclude the remarks I desired to make
without further interruption.
With reference to the view thrown out by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. PrestonJ that
the bill was strengthened by the custom-house
appropriation, I have only to point him and the
House to the action of the House upon the defi-
ciency bill. Those custom-house amendments
were voted into the deficiency bill, and when it
catne into the House from the Committee of the
Whole, what was the result? Only fifty three votes
were found in fjvor of it.
I say, however, to my honorable friend from
Kentucky, that if all those who voted in the House
to put the custom houses into the civil and diplo-
matic bill had stood firm to the last, and had voted
for the bill, there would have been no difficulty
in passing it. The whole difficulty grew out of
the fact that a portion of the House was voting
into the bill amendments which were odious to a
large portion here, and when they came to the
test, they refused to vote for the final passage of
the bill.
1 desire to appeal to gentlemen upon this side of
the House, and to gentlemen upon the other side,
who do not desire to embarrass the operation of
the Government: I say, 1 desire to appeal to them
—in case we do get back to the custom-houses—to
vote against putting them in the bill. Let us have
a clean bill, one that is legitimate and fair. I have
no, cause of quarrel with any gentleman who
voted against the bill on account of the custom-
houses. But to put m such amendments is no
legitimate mode of legislating. The civil and di-
plomatic bill should only include items provided
for by general law, and such as are necessary to
meet the wants of the Government. Eh|t the de-
feat of this bill must inevitably result iturtopping
the wheels of Government; and it may result in
our having to rescind the resolution by which the
two Houses have agreed to adjourn on the 4th
of August.
In my judgment, if the bill is now defeated; 'if
we commence a reorganization of the civil and dip-
lomatic bill; if we are to send it again to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; if
amendments are there to be offered to it, and de-
bated again, you will not be able to get back to
the point at which you now are in ten days or
more to come.
Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from South Carolina will allow me, 1 wish
to know how it is that he can maintain that amend-
ments have been put upon this bill which are
odious to a majority of the House, when these
amendments have every one of them been sus-
tained by a majority of this House upon the yeas
and nays?
Mr ORR. I did not design to say that they
are odious to a majority of this House. I intended
to say that amendments had been put upon this
bill which weie odious to a large number of gen*
tlemen in this House, without whose votes it can-
not be passed.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have now made myself
under&tood; and if the view I have expressed
meet?, the approbation of the House, they will sua-*
