185B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
Louisiana, ni 1803, the title to which has been de-
cided by the Supieme Court not to be in Jam, and
praying relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. GW1N presented the memorial of the Rev.
John Reynolds, chaplain in the army, stationed
in Califortva, praying to be allowed extra pay and
traveling expenses; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition ofG. A. Dabneyand others,
mechanics enlisted in the service of the United
States, praying to be allowed for transportation
from California to the Atlantic States of the Union;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Isaac Swain, praying re-
muneration for losses caused by the failure of the
agents of Government to comply with the terms
of a contract with him for the transportation of
certain commissariat stores from Valparaiso to
Bemcia; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of Martha L. Downes, widow
of Lieutenant Downes, commander of the United
States srhooner Grampus at the time she was
]osl, praying that the same allowance of pay
money may be made to the widows and orphans
of persons belonging to that vessel as have been
made in similar cases; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the packers in the General Land Office, praying
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the memorial of Thomas S. Russell, pray-
ing compensation for services during the war with
the Seminole Indians m Florida in 1836; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of a convention of the peo-
ple of Iowa, asking a grant of lands for the Fort
Madison, Keosauqua, and Bloomfield railroad,
fowa; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Thomas M. Tayloe, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed. «
He also, from the same committee, submitted
a leport, accompanied by a bill, for the relief of
Francis B. Stockton; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, submitted \
a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Joseph Gideon; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Jo-
seph Mitchell; winch was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill, for the
relief of the le^al representatives of Major Caleb
Swan, deceased; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
The repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affair^, to which was referred a bill for the
relief of Benjamin S. Roberts, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof, and i
that it be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary: which was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Onleicd, That the papers m the ca*e of Moses Ohvntead
be wjtMcuvn from the of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
OulereJ, That the papers relating to the claim of the
ley.il representatives of the late Governor Shelby, of ken -
lucky, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
refwred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Qui tied* That the papers relating to the claim of Bryan
faHaahan hp withdrawn fioin the files of the Senate, and
refeucd to the Committee on Claim-*.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Quieted. That the papei s in the ca^e of Harriet F. Fisher,
widow of Marvin W. Fisher, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to t-he Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Otdered, That the paper* m the ease of Josiah Mann be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Otdered, That the memorial of James Dunning be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and leferred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion, by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to the case
of Cyril* H. McCormick be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordcied, That the papers in the ca^e of Frederick Vin-
cent bo withdrawn ftoni the files ot the Senate, and refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers m the case of
Thomas J. Durum he withdrawn liom the files of the Sen-
ate, and refertrd to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That the documents in relation to the claim of
Francis. R Stockton he withdrawn trom the file-, of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of James P. Espy be with-
drawn from the files of tiie Senate, arid referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of George
Deiuiet be withdrawn trom the files of the Senate, tor the
purpose of being presented in the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the papei* in the we of the heirs of Simon
SumrneishP withdrawn (rom the file* of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Rc-voi uionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the paper* in the ease of William G. Wil-
liams he withdrawn fiom the tiles of the Senate, and refeired
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers m the case of
Joseph H. D. Bowmar be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by Mr, SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of J. Boyd be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Duff and Joseph
Gonder be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chambers C. Mullin be
withdrawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, Thatlhe petition of Maria Stevenson, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and refeired to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Zadock C. In-
gram he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, for the
purpose ot presentation at the proper Department.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Jameson and
Williamson he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and j
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. i
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in the ease of '
Mrs. Susannah Scott, widow of William Scott, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and refeired to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Passed Assistant
Sur«eon Joseph Ilopkin#on be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
OrAe-i ed, That the memorial of the legal representatives
of William Weeks he withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and leferred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the legal representatives
of William Jones he withdrawn from the tile of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Otdered, That the portion of the administrator of Elijah
Weed be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of bis intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution, author-
izing the President of the United States to confer
the title of lieutenant general by bievet for emi-
nent services; and
A bill for the benefit of locators and purchasers
of swamp lands.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting: to the State
of Michigan the right of way and a portion of the
public lands to aid in the construction of the Oak-
land and Ottawa railroad, with branches from
Corurma and Grand Rapids to Mackmaw Straits,
and from thence to the Montreal river.
Mr. DIXON gave notice of his intention to aka
leave to introduce a bit! for the relief of the heirs
at law of Lieutenant Charles A. WioklifFe, Jr.
Mr. BAYARD. I give notice that 1 intend to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
execution of the public printing, engraving, and
binding. I do not intend that such bill shall affect
the arrangements for the public printing of the
present Congress.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making a grnnt of public
lands to the several States and Territories of the
Union for the benefit of indigent insane persons.
Mr. HAMLIN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to remunerate the
States of Maine and Massachusetts for lands
taken to satisfy stipulations of the treaty of Wash-
ington.
Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the payment of certain claims for losses sustained
during hostilities with the Creek and Seminole
Indians in the years 1836 and 1837.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the third
section of an act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854, ap-
proved March 3, 1853.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to divide the State of
Ohio into two judicial districts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave jto introduce a
bill to sell the lands heretofore reserved for military
purposes and the use of Indian tribes in Iowa;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce' a bill to
provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
the claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st of
July, 1801.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask that the bill be
read a second time, and that it, together with the
papers on the files of the Senate relating to the
subject, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to ex-
tend the warehousing system, by establishing
private bonded warehouses, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVERETT, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making provision for the accommodation of the
Courts of the United States and their officers, in
the district of Massachusetts; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
i the Committee on the Judiciary.
!i Mr. JOHNSON, agreeably to previous notice,
'! asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
li granting to the State of Arkansas the right of
' way, and making a grant of land to aid in the
i! construction of a railroad from Gaine s Landing,
■ I or some point on the Mississippi river, to the
ji Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas;
l| which was read a first and second time by its
!j title, and referred to the Committee on Public
i Lands.
;! The bill was ordered to be printed.
;! He also asked and obtained leave to introduce
j| a bill to grant to the States of Arkansas, Loui -
