68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
iana, and Missouri, the right of way and alter-
nate sections of the public lands, to aid m the
construction of a railroad from Shreveport, in
Louisiana, via Washington, Fort Smith, and
Van Buren, in Arkansas, and by Springfield and
Independence, to St. Joseph's, m Missouri;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
• The bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
indemnify the State of South Carolina for money
expended for the United States in the war with
the Seminole Indians in Florida; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, agreeably to
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill to provide for the unpaid claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and Con-
tinental lines of the revolutionary army; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BADGER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of M. K. Warrington and C. St. John
Chubb, executors of Captai i Lewis Warrington;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
OPEN EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the following rule he adopted tor the regu
lation of proceedings in the Senate, and that so much of
the 39th, 40th, and 4let rules as may be inconsistent with
the rule hereby established be rescinded :
All sessions and all proceeding ot" the Senate shall he
public and open, except when matter-* coiimnmieated m
confidence by the President ehall he received, and in Mich
other cases as the Senate by resolution, from tune to tune,
may specially order.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolced, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
whether any provision by law is noeessaiy to sceute the
rights of citizen-hip to children of American citizens born
in foreign countries.
■ BAKER A. J A.MESON.
Mr. CASS. I desire to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Baker A. Jameson, who it? now doing
duty as amefc-st'ii^er, be paid m that capacity so long as he
may be continued by the Sergcant-at- Arms.
I would merely observe, that the young man
named in that resolution was brought up in the
Senate, and has behaved exceedingly well. His
term as a page has expired, and he is now em-
ployed in doing duty at one of the doors. The
only object of the resolution is to allow theSer-
geant-at-Arms to pay him while he continues to
be thus employed. I think that those who have
been faithful in the service of the Senate should
be promoted when there is any opportunity of
doing it with propriety, for the sake of an exam~
pie and encouragement to our employees.
Mr. PRATT. I concur altogether m what the
Senator from Michigan has said; but there is one
difficulty to which the Senator has not adverted.
It is, sir, that at present we have no fund from
which we can legitimately order the payment to
be made. The contingent, fund of the Senate has
not yet been appropriated,and we have no means
of paying this officer. If I understand the reso-
lution, it is that so long as he shall be employed
he shall He paid; and hem<r a direction that he
shall be paid, it is a direction to do that which we
have no authority to do, so long as we have no
fund with which to make the payment.
Mr. CASS. I do not conceive that that is any
objection at all. We very frequently pass bills
providing for the payment of claims out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated. This will be in the same situation with all
other claims before the Senate to be paid when
there is an appropriation. That is the only effect :
of it. I am perfectly willing, however, in order ;
to remove the objection of the honorable Senator j
from Maryland, to insert in the body of the reso-
lution that the money shall be paid when there is '
an appropriation which can be used for the pur- j
pose; though, without those words, it will stand I
on the same footing as any other payment which
is authorized to be made.
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection to the
resolution; but there seems to me to be something
curious about it. If this young man is employed,
why is there not power now to pay him ? If he
be a supernumerary, how does it happen ?
Mr. CASS. The necessity for the resolution
is, that he is employed for a special service. It is
a temporary employment for a temporary pur-
pose, and the resolution merely authorizes him to
be paid while he is employed in that capacity by
the Sergeant-at-Arms. That is all.
The resolution was agreed to.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. SUMNER offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed toiuquue, whether the present chaiges on
letters carried by the ocean steamers are not unnecessarily
large and huidensome, operating as a check upon commerce,
as a barrier between the two hemispheres, and especially
as a grievous lax upon European emigrants seeking a home
in the United States, and whether something may not be
doue, and if so, what, to secure the benefits of cheap ocean
postage i
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Census; winch, on motion by Mr.
Adams, was ordered to he on the table and be
printed.
THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Seward
on the 5th instant; and it was agreed to:
" Retolvpil, That the President be requested, if not in his
opinion incompatible with the public interest, to commu-
nicate to the Senate any correspondence that uiav have
taken place between the Government of the United States
and his iViajer-l} the King of file ritindivich Islands."
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 14th instant:
" Jiesolued, That ihe Committee on Roads and Canals
be m.*-u ucted to impute into the expediency ufproviding lor
the construction ot a Milioad lium some point on the west-
ern lino ot one of the existing States to some point on the
ear-torn line of California,"
Mr. GWIN. Inasmuch as that resolution will
probably lead to some discussion in reference to
the committee to which the subject ought prop-
erly to be committed, I hope the Senate will post-
pone its further consideration until to-moirow,
and proceed now to the consideration of Executive
business. There are a number of important
Executive communications on the table from the
President of the United States. I move, therefore,
that the consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow, in order that we may pro-
ceed to the consideiation of Executive business.
Mr. CHASE. I should like to know what
objection there can be to the reference proposed
to be given to the subject by the resolution now
before the Senate? If the Committee on Roads
and Canals is constituted for any purpose, it seems
to me to be the very committee to which an in-
quiry of this sort should be directed. I hope the
resolution will be disposed of at present, and not
postponed to a future day.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Territories
has heretofore reported on the same subject, and
therefore it was that I presumed there might be
discussion as to the proper reference. I do not
myself intend to participate in any such discussion;
but I presume some discussion will arise as to the
appropriate committee to take charge of the sub-
ject. i hope my motion will be agreed to. It is
that this subject be passed over for the present, in
order that we may proceed to the consideration of
Executive b^sine^s.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to state, that so far
as the Committee on Territories is concerned, I
have no objection to the resolution. I am very
willing that the Committee on Roads and Canals
should take charge of the subject, if they so
desire.
Mr. GWIN. I insist on my motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF A MAP.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I wish to withdraw from the
files of the Senate a map of the public survey
of a reservation adjoining the city of Chicago.
The map was filed here as the basis of action by
this Government in authorizing the widening of
the harbor. I wish it withdrawn merely in order
to have a copy of it made, so that it may be known
there what is the meaning of ihe bill which was
passed, and then I shall bring back the original,
and place it upon the files again. I move that
leave be granted to withdraw the map referred to.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Me. GWIN, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting certain documents
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 6th
of April last, requesting information in regard to
certain transactions between Captain Hollins, of
the Cyane, and the authorities of San Juan de
Nicaragua; which was referred to the Committee
on Foieign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message communicating a copy of the
correspondence relative to the claim of the brig
General Armstrong; which' was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
INDIAN LAWS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs he in-
structed to consider the expediency of providing by law for
the appointment ot a commission to prepare a code of laws
for the government of ihe country in possession of the
various Indian tribes within the limits of the United States,
upon the basis of the existing "Inteicourse laws," and
other laws of the United States, applying to the different
portions of the Indian country, containing in such code all
that is valuable in existing laws, and rejecting all that is
useless or obsolete, supplying all exiting deficiencies in
such laws, carefully defining the itirigdiction of the differ-
ent courts of the United States over the Indian country,
so as to pievent conflict of jurisdiction, or exercise of
doubtful power, and especially designating all offerees ro
be punished under such laws,; and report such code to Con-
gress (or it* final action, in order that it may take the place
of all existing laws upon such subject.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 20, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. William H. Milbtjrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE HARBOR OF MOBILE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, m compliance with the resolution of the
House of the 12th instant, which called upon the
Secretary of War "to report to the House any
report or plan existing in his Department, showing
the cost and practicability of deepening the har-
i bor of Mobile," a letter of the Chief Engineer, in-
I closing a report of Major William H. "Chase, of
I the Corps of Engineers, giving the information
desired.
Mr. PHILIPS. I move that that communi-
cation and the accompanying papers be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
j be printed.
j The question was taken; and the motion was
| agreed to.
j PRIVILEGE OF THE HALL.
j The SPEAKER, If it be the pleasure of the
House, I would be glad to communicate to it the
I fact that, for the better protection of the Door-
I keeper in the discharge of his duties, and to pievent
[ the inconvenience and difficulty which frequently
| arises in the discharge of those duties, believing
, that the power to do so was full and complete
I in me, as the Presiding Officer of this body, I have
| directed the Doorkeeper to open a register, and to
; cause to be entered therein the names of such per-
sons, other than members, as are entitled to the
; privilege of a place upon this floor. Understand-
, mg that some question has arisen in regard to the
: power of the Speaker so to direct, I shall be pleased
| to have the sense of the House on the subject,
i Those who have been here with me know very
