1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One question.
Mr. HA YEN. Will my friend wait a mo-
ment? I am coming1 to the point of his inquiry
presently. He i^s shrewd enough to see what is
to follow, from the premises I am laying down.
I was saying, sir, that, without regard to the
opinions of the Secretary of the Treasury; with-
out respect to any ultejtor consideration, having
entered on this busmes^had we not better close
it up at once, and put the subject forever at rest?
Mr."JONES, i would ask the gentleman a
single question. r
Mr. HAVEN I think I know what the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is intending to ask me.
He intends to ask whether I do not know that
some of these appropriations are for buildings not
yet commenced ?
Mr. JONES. I was going to ask you no such
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAVEN. Very well, then, I yield to my
friend to state what it is ho is intending to ask me;
for 1 own, now, I cannot guess.
Mr. JONES. I was going to ask the gentle-
man whether he was not satisfied that there had
been a sufficient amount of money appropriated
to construct these buildings and to finish them?
Have wp not already appropriated enough to make
them substantial and fire-proof, under the plans
adopted by the last Administration ? It was enough
to make plain, substantial, lire-proof structures;
and these additional appropriations are not for fin-
ishing and making them fire-proof, but for making
them ornamental and magnificent.
Mr. HAVEN, I hardly know how to answer
my friend fiom Tennessee, now i have found out
what inquiry he intended to make. The most
correct and proper answer I can give him is, th?*t
I cannot bo satisfied m the way his question im-
plies, because 1 have no knowledge—no evidence
on the subject, except what I find in the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and everything
in that, report is very direct and positive, pi ecisely
the other way from what thegentleimm'sintetio-
gatory seems to imply.
Sir, all I know in leference to any of these cus-
tom-houses is what 1 find m our statutes, and m
the Executive documents that come to its from
the Treasury Department; and these documents
assure me that the foimer appropriations, under
whatever assurances they may have been voted
bv Congress, turn out to be wholly insufficient.
What more can I ray in reply to the question of
my friend from Tennessee. I am not wise, sir,
above or beyond what is written in these docu-
ments. What am I to know, what can I know,
about these matteis from any other source? I
have never traveled up and down the Mississippi,
along the coast of Maine, or around the Gulf of
Mexico, to learn whether the Secretary of the
Treasury has told u;3 the truth m this behalf m
his report. This ts a matter that I am willing to
leave to the Secretary of the Treasury, when thei e
are no reasonable suspicions raised against hnn.
In matters of this kind, which affect the internal
interests of our country, and our domestic affairs,
i will take the word of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury when lie send:: us information, unless ! know,
or some gentleman here will suggest, he is a false
or a dishonorable man, and untrue to his public
duties. I hope the House will not drern me in-
discreet or singular in this, although I was a little
unwilling the other day, on the Mexican treaty
bill, to take the Administration at its word, and
vote $10,000,000 without a woid of explanation,
**nd under very grave and suspicious c.ircum-
fuances, on the face of the treaty, and resting in
the almost universal belief of intelligent gentlemen
here, to impeach the tinnsaction, for the purpose
of buying territory; where, as the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] told us, Kit Carson said
a wolf could not get a decent living Sir, under
the circumstances of this case i differ fiom the
pretended friends of the Administration on this
floor; for inasmuch as nothing appears to impeach
or question the integrity and fair dealing of the
Secretary of the Treasury, I am quite willing to
take his official word upon this point; for it is his
business to communicate information to us upon
this and kindred subjects. Whatever may be
my political relations towards him, or other men,
1 thank my innate sense of propriety that I have
nor descended to that level where I am unwilling
to trust the constituted authorities of the country
j.n the ordinary commercial business of the coun-
try, within our own territory, as connected with
dollars and cents.
Mr. Speaker, 1 fear that some of my friends
near me are growing a little uneasy, from a desire
to get the floor. [Cries of " No !" " No !" "Go
on ! "1 But 1 know that the majority of the House
' are willing to listen a little further; for they would
j not vote for the previous question, when they
| knew I wanted the floor, a short time since,
j I would like to direct the attention of gentle-
| men who are so in econcilably opposed to these
j appropriations, and who, of a sudden, seem to
I have an erection of conscience on the subject of
I custom-houses, especially when provided for in a
i general appropriation bill, to page thirty of this
very bill now under consideration. My friend
from South Carolina says vehemently, that this
House must vote down these appropriations, for
it is not lit to place them m this bill.
Now, I will read an item in this bill, on page
thirty, and ask the gentleman if he has gone back
far enough in his motions to reconsider to quiet
that awakened conscience of his:
11 For continuing operation1? on the eur-tom house at New
Orleans,
This, Mr. Speaker, is found in this general ap-
pioptiation bill, and yet it is wholly overlooked,
or blankly waiktd at, by my honorable friend
from South Carolina.
On the same page, and only one line below, I
find another nice and classic piece of composition,
which is, perhaps, still more interesting to my
friend from South Carolina. It is as follows:
£k For continuing operations on the custom house at
Chmleston, fcknuh Carolina, $*273,00i)."
Sir, in these two items that I have just read
from this very bill, more money is appropriated
for the two designated localities than is asked for
;! to complete—not to continue—operations upon all
|' the custom-houses and marine hospitals in this
bill—more, sir, than is necessary to put on the
l! mastic, or clapboards, and the slate or shingles,
(| so as to keep out the bad weather, and make them
|| all safe places for the keeping and deposit of the
|l ierords and papeis pertaining to the business of
i the Government, and the interests of ciah'.ens who
'j live under it.
I Hut to go a step further back, Mr. Speaker. I
W find in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
i] of last year an appropriation of $100,000 for con-
tinuing the construction of the custom-house at
Charleston; and the very next clause therein that
same bill is an item of ^324,000 for continuing the
construction of the custom-house at New Orleans.
Hut, sir, 1 will pursue this unpleasant line of
remark no further. It is a very different case
from the one now under consideration; but the
only riifieiencc, f believe, is, that the sums uni-
formly go up to hundreds of thousands, and the
appropriations are for South Carolina and Lou-
isiana, and not for Maine, or the northern or
northwestern lakes, or western rivers, i will
make no more invidious comparisons,
Mr. OI1R. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. My friend from New York [Mr.
Havf.n] ought to have more fairness than to make
the argument which he has just been making to
the House How do these appropriations for
New Orleans and Charleston get into the civil
and diplomatic bill? It was by the action of that
gentleman and the Committee of Ways and
Means, of which he is a member, reporting these
two appropriations in the original bill. That
same Committee of Ways and Means, after ex-
j amining the reasons which have been assigned
| by the Secretary of the Treasuiy in his estimates
! for the other appropriations to which I have ob-
jected, rejected them, believing the reasons as-
j signed insufficient. Did my friend from New
j York move to reject in the Committee of the
: Whole the Charleston and New Orleans ensfom-
. houses? He knows I could not have made the
_ motion, for I was occupying the Chair when the
; hill was considered. How do these objectionable
1 items get into the bill? Not by the recommenda-
I tion, but against the wishes, of the committee of
, which the gentleman is an influential member;
! and they were placed on the bill on the motion of
: an individual member not a memoerof the Ways
! and Means, and against their decision. His own
j committee sustained Charleston and New Or-
j leans, and rejected all the others. I can under-
stand why custom-houses are more necessary
upon the coast than in the interior. Every gen-
tleman familiar with the business transacted in
custom-houses knows this statement to be true;
and the Committee of Ways and Means perhaps
acted wisely in making an appropriation for
Charleston and New Orleans, and in rejecting the
estimates for St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Louis-
ville; for there is infinitely a greater necessity for
custom-houses on the coast than ill the interior.
Evyy gentleman familiar with our revenue sys-
tem and its operations must know that the labor
arm responsibility is upon the offices on the coast,
even where the importation is to be delivered m
the interior; for the goods must be transhipped on
reaching the rivers or railroads, and bonds for the
payment of duties taken by the coast collector,
which makes the officers m the interior mere
agents to collect the duties assessed and secured
on the coast.
Mr. FHILLfPS. May T ask the gentleman
from South Carolina a question ?
Mr. HAVEN. I am very desirous, Mr.
Speaker, of hearing any brief explanation which
the gentleman fiom South Carolina may wish to
make. But as to my friend from Alabama, [Mr.
Phillips,] I must ask him to be still for the pres-
ent; he, being a friend to the custom-houses, has
no right to speak here, i want to hear gentle-
men who are opposed to them; that is the only
way to find out and remove the difficulties in the
wuy of these appropriations. My friend from
Alabama, I insist, must, therefore, not interfere.
Mr. ORR. The Committee of Ways and
Means lepoited this in the original bill. It was
not reported to the House from the Committee,of
the Whole House on the state of the Union as
an amendment at all. The House has taken no
separate vote upon it. If it had taken a separate
vote upon it, I say to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] that i should have registeied
precisely the same vote with reference to the cus-
tom-houses at Charleston and New Orleans as I
did with reference to the otheis; not that 3 do
not believe the appropriations necessary for both
these cities, but because I believe that the plan
on which they have been projected is entirely too
magnificent. I believe that tiiey cost the Govern-
ment entirely too much money. And I desire
the gentleman from New York to understand that
1 am actuated by principle m voting against these
amendments appropriating large sums to erect
splendid edifices to beautify and adorn cities, and
which the necesisities of the service do not de-
mand. Why, sir, there is not a member of the
House who is more familiar than is the gentleman
from New York himself, with the fact that since
1850 we have " completed " most of these custom-
houses every year, the law declaring, in such bills
as provides the appropriations, that " no part be
used unless it will complete the building," and
"to complete the house," &c. Every year
there has been an appropriation made to i( com-
plete " these custom-houses. In 1850 they say:
" Give us a particular sum; that is all that we re-
quire." In 3851 the statement is: "Give us a
certain amount, and we will certainly * complete
it.5 " The same song is sung in 1853; and now,
in 1854, the same song is again sung, and we are
asked to "complete them" again; and with all
the guards put upon these appropriations m my
friend5^ proviso, I fear we shall next year hear
the same stentorian cry for more money to " com-
plete " these same buildings.
Now, I have said to the gentleman from New
York, as I said yesterday to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] that if hewould make
a motion m Committee of the Whole to take up
the custom-house bill which he reported, and
which contains these very sums, I would vote for
its consideiation; and if the custom-houses have
sufficient merit to warrant appropriations beinsr
made for them, let them pass. But I say, do not
load down the civil and diplomatic bill with these
amendments, the effect of which is to embarrass
it, and place many gentlemen here in a false
position.
Now, one thing more 
Mr. HAVEN. Oh no! no !
Mr. ORR. 1 desire the gentleman to hear me
on another point.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York insist on his right to the floor?
Mr. HAVEN. My friend from South Caro-
