1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
man] whether it would not be well to include in
the bill the importing merchants of the United
States ?   .
Mr. CLINGMAN. That raises a question
■which I will discuss, with great pleasure, with the
gentleman from New Jersey at another time.
There are two reasons why that should not be
done. First, the price of goods, generally, has
not undergone any great rise during the last eigh-
teen months, and in the next place, these impor-
tations by merchants are importations for private
purposes, while the other is an importation for
railroads, which are made by the States and com-
panies for the benefit of the public, and especially
the great agricultural interests. I have no doubt
the farmers of the country are willing to pay taxes
whenever the Government stands in need of them.
I submit, however, that they ought not to be com-
pelled to pay cash duties when they are not needed
for any purpose whatever. I know there is a
certain interest in this House which is-represented
with more fidelity than any other interest under
the Government; and notwithstanding it has a
large number of representatives upon this floor,
who are faithful, diligent, and zealous, it also has
a large outside representation here, which is ope-
rating more strongly 
Mr. SKELTON, (interrupting.) I am not
here as the representative of the iron interest, by
any means; but I desire to have an eye to all the
interests of our common country.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a question of
order. It is that the gentleman has no right,
during the call upon the States for petitions, to
present this bill and discuss the question, before
it comes before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The question is upon the
engrossment of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I did not intend to detain
the House long. I was saying that we have had,
for the last few years, a remarkable condition of
things. There is no necessity for collecting these
taxes from the farmers, and yet this iron interest
is not willing that the Government should indulge
the tax payers, when it does not need the money.
Its representatives come up here from time to
time, and insist that the Government^ shall collect
its taxes forthwith. They fight this matter as
though I proposed to get into their private purses.
They claim a sort of prescriptive right to have
the whole country taxed for their benefit; and
hence, when any proposition of this kind comes
before them, gentlemen identified with that par-
ticular interest, throw all manner of obstacles in
its way; not being content merely that the whole
country should be heavily taxed for their benefit,
they also insist that the taxes shall be collected
without delay. I ask for the reading of this bill,
and then I propose to move the previous question,
and put it on its passage.
The bill was then read, as follows:
Br it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That m all cases ol tlie importation of railroad iron lor ni>-
period of two J ears from ihf passage of this act. upon its
appearing to the. satisfaction ..ftlie Secretary o
uiy that said iron has been imported bona pie fm tin.   <*"'
some railroad m the United Stat.", it may he lawful for
tho«e unpotting the same, if thev desire it, instead ol pay-
in<* in eash the duties now levied, to give bonds with ap-
proved seeuilty, conditioned to pay the said duties wit"
interest, at the end of lour years from the date ol the im-
portation : Prowled, Thatif, at any time hereatter it should
appear any importation had not been made bona fide for the
use of some railroad, then, besides the duties then due fit tJ
per centum additional shall he pavahle to the Unit.'u States.
Sec-2. And, be it further enacted, That the benefits o.
this act shall be extended to all eases wlieu ,ron for the use
of railroads has been imported, and on which the duties
have not already been paid.
Mr. C. It will be seen that this bill is similar
in its provisions to several other bills which were
passed at the last session of Congress for the ben-
efit of particular companies. I think there is no
impropriety in the action asked for in regard to
this proposition. We shall assist the railroad
companies, and in four years, when they >lf;ve
laid down their rails, they will be in a condition
to dispense with such assistance, and the moneys
received for transportation of the mails will most
probably be sufficient to pay off the duties.
have submitted this resolution with a view of as- J1
certaining the sense of the House, because I know j
that many members are very anxious that such I
a provision should be adopted at once. I hope, 11
therefore, that there will be no objection to the
adoption of the bill. I appeal to my friends who
represent particularly the iron interest, and 1 trust
that they will allow this credit to be given; and,
whether the tariff be modified or not, let the peo-
ple take the chance of the benefit of any changes
which may be made in their favor. If not, we
shall, at any rate, get the money when we want
it. It is not needed now. I hope that all who
are favorable to the proposition will assist me in
relieving railroad companies of the duties upon
iron. If the bill goes to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, we will never reach it.
I hope all who are for relief, in any form, will
come up at this time, and help to pass this as a
temporary measure, leaving the question of repeal
or reduction of duties to be investigated hereafter.
I therefore move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the gentleman if he
will not withdraw the demand for the previous
question, in order that I may suggest a slight
modification of his bill? The gentleman's argu-
ment is, that within the last eighteen months or
two years a great rise has taken place in the price
of railroad iron. The railroads in my own State,
and particularly the railroad in my own district,
have been importing and paying duties within the
last twelve or eighteen months, and I desire to
have them relieved by the same process by which
others are relieved.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The railroads of which
the gentleman speaks are in the same condition
with some of my own State that have already
paid. The bill which I have introduced, however,
covers all cases where duties are not paid, this
being as much as I suppose it practicable to
accomplish.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table. I am opposed to this manner
of reducing the tariff.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken and there were—
yeas 81, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. llailev, Belcher,
Benson, Bliss, Carpenter, Chandler, Chrisinan, Cox,
Crocker, Cumming, Curtis, Cutting, Dawson Dean Dick,
Drum, Eastman, Edgerlon, Edmands, Eveiliart, I< arley,
Fenton, Flakier, Floienee, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Crow,
Hastings, Howe, Hughes, George W. Jones, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, T.etcher, Lilly, Lin.Mey, MCf
Culloch, Macdonahi, May all, Meacham, Midil)eswart i,
Morgan, Morrison,Mnrrav, Nichols, Andrew Ohvci, PackA.
er Feck, reekham, l'eninngton, Bishop Perkins, I re«t.m(l
Pringle, David Ritchie, Robbing Russell, Salmi, Sage, Sey-
mour, Simmons, Skelton, Germ Simtli, Stratum, stiaub,
John J. Taylor, John [.. Taylor, Houston, Iiout, Vail,
Van-ant Wa.le, Tappan Weulwoith, Wheeler, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wright— 81.
NAYS Messrs. Abereiombie, Aiken, Jainc.-. <.. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas It. Bayly, Ball, Baiksdale,
Barry Benton, llissell, Uocoek, Boyce, lirooks, (Sugg,
Lewis D. Campbell, Oa^kic, Chamberlain, (.hasp, fhas-
tain, Chnrcliwell Clalk. Clingmaii, Cohti, Cook, Coiwin,
Ciai«e, Culloni, John « havN, Dent, llowdell, Duiibai,
Eddy, E.lniun(l-.I1I, Ellison, English, Ethetidge, I'.wnig,
Faulknei, Ooode, (Jroenwood, Aaron Ilarlan, And'ewJ.
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, W.lev P. Hams. Hair.son,
Hendricks, Honn, Hibhard, Hill, Houston. Hunt, lolui-
son, Keitt, Kldwell, Knox, Lane, Lmdley McMun.il.
McQueen, Mace, Macv, Maxwell. May, John Mil-
ler, Smith Miller, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Oil ,
Paiker, John Perkins, Phelps. Philips, ] owell, 1 latt, I
Purvear, Kea.ly, Reese, Birtdle, Thomas Ritehev, Rogers,
' Rutiiil.sapp, Sewai.l, Shaw, Singleton, SamuelI A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, George W . Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Hector L. Stevens Andrew
swart TracVTweed, Walbr.dge, Walsh. Wane, Ell,In,
B. Washbu'rne, Wells, John Wentwoith, and Zolhcof-
{er—104.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
^Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from North
Carolina to accept a modification.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so with pleasure,
and had made a modification myself, but prefer
to take his modification.
The amendment, as proposed by Mr. Oor.B,
was then read as follows:
Provided further. That in a'l cas.s of extension there
shall be paid at the late of «nc pel cent, interest per annum
by such person thus extending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House re-
fuse to second the demand for the previous ques-
tion, the hill ran be then referred.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let the modification be
™The SPEAKER. The bill having received its
first and second reading is open for amendment;
1 but the gentleman from North Carolina has not
withdrawn the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a right before any
vote is taken to modify my resolution under the
rules.
* Mr. PECK. Is it true, that the gentleman has
a right to amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill has received its first
and second reading, and the gentleman has a*right
at this stage to amend it.
Mr. JONES. Is not the demand for the previ-
ous question still pending?
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 withdraw the demand
for the previous question, in ordej^ that the gentle-
man from Alabama may offer the amendment he
has suggested.
Mr. COBB. I then offer the amendment which
has already been read; and upon it I move the
previous question.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad
if the gentleman from North Carolina would with-
draw his demand for the previous question. It is
not right that he should make a speech in favor of
his proposition,and then deprive others of the priv-
ilege of speaking in opposition by a call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that any motion for the previous question is
pending.
Mr. COBB. I moved an amendment, and then
called the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the gentleman
from Alabama demand the previous question be-
fore the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
obtained the floor?
Mr. COBB. I did.
i Mr. JONES. Then I move to lay the bill and
j amendment upon the table.
Mr. PECK. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result was
—yeas 86, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs/ Appleton, David J. Bailey, Belcher,
Benson, Bliss, Carpenter, Chandler, Chastain, Chnsman,
Cox, Crocker, Cumming, Curtis, Cutting, Dawson, Dean,
Dent, Drum, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerlon, Everhart, Far-
ley, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble,
Biddings, Grow, Hastings, Hibtiard, Ilowe, Hughes, Dan-
iel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb,
Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch,MacdOnald,Mayall,Meacliam,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, An-
diew Oliver, Packer, Peck, Peckhain, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins Pringle, David Ritchie, Robbins, Russell, Sabm,
Sage, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, William
Smith, Stratton, Stranb, John J. Taylor, John L.. ray|nr>
Thulston, Tiout, Tweed, Vail, VaneMlt, Wade Wal-
bii.!"e, Walker, Walsh. Tappan Wenlworth, Wheeler,
Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendriek B. Wnght—86.
\TAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Jamo O. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Ball, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bis-
sell Bocock, Bovee, Brooks, Bugc, Lewis I), Campbell,
Ca^'kie, ('hambetlain, Chase, Churchwell, Clark, Ciing-
man, Cobb, Cook, Coiwin, Craige, CulJom,.Tobn G; Davis,
Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddv, Edmundson, Ellison, J-mghsn,
Tiilietidao, Kvunjr, Gnode, Gieemvood, Aaron HarJan,
Sampson W. 15am?. Wiley P• Hani*, Harrison, Hen-
I ducks, ilou , Hill, Houston, Hunt, Johnson, Kent, Kid-
well, Knox. Lane, Lalham. Lindley, bmdsley, MeMullin,
Mftluecn, Maoe. Macv, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Smith
Miller, Noble, Nmtou, Mordecai Oliver. Orr, Parker, John
Peikins, Phelps Philips Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready,
Reese, Richardson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers,
Uutlin, Sapp, Sewaid. Shaw,Singleton, SaniueJ A. Smith,
William II. Smith, George W. Smyth, Nestor T,. Stevens,
Andrew Stim.t. David Stuart, Tracy, VUiren, Elhbu B.
Washburne, Wells, John Wenlworth, and /olhcotter—9o.
So the Houserefused to lay the bill and amend-
ment upon the table.
Mr. STRAUB. Is it in order now to move to
amend ? ,
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
I tion havm^ been demanded.
! Mr. PECK. Is it in order to move to rerer the
' bill to one of the standing committees of the
I HTheeSPEAKER. ft is not until the motion for
•be previous quesiion is disposed of. The effect
of that motion is to cut off all motions to refer
1 ^Mr0 FLORENCE. Is it in order to demand
j the yeas and nays upon the call for the previona
qUThr'sPEAKER. It is not. If the previous
Question be seconded, it will be competent for the
lkouse to order the yeas and nays upon ordering
^Mr^COBB. I made the demand for the pre-
vious question under a promise made by me to
