1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
of thi friends of the custom-houses do? They
and I voted for the bill.
1 have not made the calculation; but were there
not as many of the friends of the custom-houses
in proportion who voted for the bill, as there were
Democrats who voted for it, and were the seven-
teen Whigs who, as he says, voted against the
bill, a larger number in proportion to our strength
than of Democrats who voted to amend the bill,
and afterwards voted against it? As a matter of
course, a bill like this, m its transit through the
House, must always add friends and create ene-
mies, and any perfect consolidation of vote is not
to be anticipated.
There are some other considerations warranting
these appropriations, as the buildings will notonly
serve as custom-houses, but will afford the requi-
site court rooms for the United States courts,
post offices, surveyors' offices, &c. Cut I will
pretermit any allusion to these topics as in some
former remarks 1 mentioned them; but, sir, I will
say that the sums which will be saved in theshape
of exemption from rents to the United States Gov-
ernment will, almost in themselves, justify these
appropriations, apart from the use of the buildings
to which I have before alluded.
Mr. PRESTON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BENTON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, J would say a few words.
Mr. PRESTON. I yield the gentleman the
floor, as I promised so to do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
for explanation, but not for a speech.
Mr. PRESTON, i yield the floor temporarily,
still retaining my right to it.
Mr. BENTON. This seems to be the case of
Jonah. Jonah, we all have heard, was thrown
overboard to save the ship; hut there was a whale
hard by, which received him, and took him to
land. Now, whether there is any whale here to
save these custmn-houNea, is more than I am able
to say. Rut eertum it is, sir, that we are in the
condition of Jonah and the ship. Throw him
oveihoard to save the ship, was the cry. So,
throw these custom-houses overboard, to save the
general appropriation bill, it was said that it
was the last ounce that broke the camel's back;
but what is this ounce foi the river custom-houses
compared wtth the amount in the bill, and com-
pared with the appropriations earned through
here to bolster up Santa Anna? It is an ounce
compared to tons, with what is in the bill, arid
what i  carried through here like a flash.
Mr. McMULLlN. I rise to a question of
order. The i>eruleman tiorn Kentucky [Mr,
PrbstonJ beuix entitled to the floor, has no ri^ht
to Uansfer it to the gentleman from Missouri ex-
cept for explanation.
The SPEAK L1R. That is the rule of the
House; and, being called on to execute it, the
Chair must decide the course of remark indulged
in by the gentleman from Missouri out of order.
Mr. PRESTON. ! am a little surprised at the
call to order. I yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Missouri because I had made statements in
relation to a matter m which he and his constituents
are deeply interested; and I desired to afford him
an oppoitunity to make an explanation of the
matter. It is a privilege which has been accorded
to every gentleman upon this floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky desire to appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
Mr. PRESTON. No, sir; I intend to proceed
with my remarks. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri desires the floor for explanation, my time is
again at his service; and if he transgresses the
rules of order, 1 shall again claim my time. !
Mr. BENTON, if it is objected that I shall j
speak of the custom-house in my own city, [ am i
willing to give up the floor. I shall make no false j
pretenses. I do not desire to make any personal J
explanation. j
I he SPEAKER. The Chair is very well sat- j
isfied that the gentleman from Missouri will not j
attach blame to the Speaker for the execution of ■
the rule.
Mr. BENTON. I was not making a personal
expidti£i>nn, and 1 shall tell no lie about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
if the gentleman from Missouri objects to the
ruling of the Chair?
Mr. BENTON". I have not made any personal
explanation, and I am not going to do it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, then, is evidently out of order.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 have said all I desire to say
upon this subject. It strikes me that about an
equal number of gentlemen have been heard upon
both sides. After the gentleman from Missouri
has been denied a right which has been accorded
this morning, and for years, in this Hall, I feel
inclined to terminate this debate, and, therefore,
I demand the previous question.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. ORR. I do not rise to make any remarks
in reference to the question under consideration;
but 1 ask the gentleman from Kentucky to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, that
I may say a single word of explanation.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky to give me an op-
portunity for a single word of reply.
Mr. PRESTON. I do not feel inclined to
withdraw it.
Mr. McMULLIN. If gentlemen think they
can dispose of this bill to-day, I will withdraw my
motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to correct
himself in respect to a point of order in this im-
mediate connection. it has been the custom—as
gentlemen here know—under the operation of the
previous question, to reconsider the votes upon
amendments to bills before the body. The Chair
1 intimated, and repeated to-day, that, under thecir-
j cumstances connected with this bill, such motions
j to reconsider amendments could not be in order,
i except as to the amendment then pending before
I the body, ami that if the pievious question were
j sustained, the House would be bound to vote first
! upon the adoption of the pending amendment, and
i then upon the engrossment of the hill. TheChair
j decides, that, according to the practice oftheHouse,
J it is competent, notwithstanding that the previous
] question may have been ordered, to reconsider
: other amendments that have been adopted by the
j House to this bill.
! The previous question was then seconded, and
| the main question was ordered to be put, being
( " Shall the pending amendment be adopted
I Mr. WASH.BURNE, of Illinois. On that
i question I ask for the yeas and navs.
| The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. SEWAHf). I should like to know what
amendment it is that is now pending?
The SPEAKER. H is m relation to the St.
Louis, Louisville, and other custom-houses;
and the question is, " Shall that amendment be
i-.dopted?"
Mr. COBB. 1 desire to know whether the
Speaker adheres to his former decision, that the
question is not divisible ? Does he still stick to
that ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt at
all about it. It is not divisible. That is the rule.
Mr. COBB. I had hoped that the Chair would
change his opinion in that respect.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 74; as
follows;
YKAS—Messrs. Abercromhie, Ashe, Danks, Bell, Ben-
n«'tf, Benson, Benton, HIij-s, Carpenter, Ca> uilier^, C rvalue.
Chandler, Claik, Corwm, Curtis, Cuiunii, Thomas Davis,
Dick, Dwjev, Maj-tman, Kclmands, Everhart, Farley, Feu-
ton, Flagler. Florence, Fianktm, Fullei, Giecn, Aaron
Hailan, Harrison. Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Johnson,
Krir, ividwell, Knox, Latham, Lindlcj. Lmdsley, Mace,
Matteson, Mayan, Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Morgan,
Norton, Mordeoai Oliver, Parker, Phillip--, Preston, Reese,
Kiddie, David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell, Salmi, Sapp,Shan-
non, Gerrit Smith, Frederick P.Stanton, He&tor L. Ste-
vens., John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
tTphaio, Wade, Walbndge, Walley, Ellihu B Wu=hburne,
If-rael Washburn, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Yates, and
Zollieotlei—77.
NAYS—Measis. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Bai Iwiale, Bocoek, Boyce, Bridges, Brooks, Chamberlain,
Chas airt, Churchweil, Clinsjman, Cobb, Cohjuift, John O.
Davis. Dawson, Dent, Dowdeli, Edinund-on,Ellison, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Hastinst-, Hen-
dricks, ffillyer, Hou^on, Daniel T. Jones. George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, Kittredao, Lamb, Letcher, Lill.y,
McCulloch, McMulhn,MeNair, McQueen, Max well, Mill-
son. Momson, Murray, Niehr,l«, Mnhie, Olds, Oir, Packei,
Bishop IJeikms, John Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Pniyear,
Ready, Rutin), Sevvaul, Seymour, ahaw, Shower, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It. Sniith,
George W. Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, John
J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walsh, and Daniel B.
Wright—74.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DENT. I rise to a privileged question.
I voted against the appropriation for the Little
Falls bridge over the Potomac. I learn from the
friends of that measure that its merits were not
properly considered, or that it should 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man must know that debate is not in order.
Mr. DENT. Very well; I will say nothing
more about it. But I move to reconsider the vote
by which the appropriation of $75,000 for the
Little Falls bridge was rejected.
Having made that motion, I desire to ask a
question of the Chair.
Have 1 a right, with the view of saving the time
of the House, to call for the previous question on
my proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
already operating, and no debate is in order. The
vote must be taken without debate.
Mr. WALSH. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called*for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dent's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HENN. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, on a motion to reconsider a vote, there
is any chance to amend or debate?
The SPE \KER. None whatever.
Mr. HENN. I understood the Chair had re-
versed his former decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
in order to move to reconsider any vote taken
yesterday under the operation of the previous
question; but it must be done without debate.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I wish to move
to reconsider the appropriation of $4,800 for the
London consulship.
The SPEAKER. Was that acted upon yes-
terday 5
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It was in the ori-
ginal bill, and was not an amendment at all.
The SPEAKER. That being so, it cannot be
reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the thirty-eighth amend-
ment was agreed to; and upon my motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The thirty-eighth amendment was as follows:
Foi hooks^ voted to tin: member* of the Thirty-Third
j (Mn<zre=.s hv the lonn roolmion of ;_Mth February, IBM,
i and the resolution oi the House ot the 2(5th June, ltfo'l,
: ^199,510 67.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then put; and dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
econsider all the other amendments which were
dopted yesterday. I voted for them all; and I
Iso move to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table, so that we may get at the passage of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. TheChair cannot entertain
the proposition. A motion to reconsider ail at the
same time is not in order.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thud time; and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I movethe
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. BRIDGES. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95—nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ashe,
Banks, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bliss,
Brooks, Bu *s;} Carpenter, Carnihers, Caskie, Chandler,
Clark, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick,
Disney, Edmands, Kiimimdson, Evcrhart, Farley, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, FJoience, Franklin, Fuller, Giddingss, Goode,
Green, Greenwood, Aaron Ilarlan, Hairison, Haven, Henn,
Houston, Howe, Ingei^r/li, Johnson, Roland Jones Kerr,
Kidueli, Kiuied-^e, Latham, LimJIey, Lmdsley, May,
Mavail, John G. Miller, Mill-son, Noble, Mordecai Oliver,
Oir, Packer, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Rees>e, Riddle.
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Sabm, Sapp, Seymour,
