1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
United States were as much bound to afford him
the protection of our Government as they would
have been to an alien fully naturalized, or to a
native citizen.
The gentleman from New York, Mr. Chairman,
has not only criticised the letter of the Secretary,
but has chosen to make this the occasion for a
general denunciation of the institution of slavery
in the southern States. I know, sir, that the sub-
ject is trite and exhausted; but I feel unwilling that
the remarks which he has uttered should pass
without some reply.
The southern States, since their earliest colonial
history, have been peopled by two races, of dif-
ferent color and of different civilization. We hold
them in bondage because we are unwilling to
amalgamate with them, and desire to keep our
Teutonic blood pure and uncorrupted by any
baser admixture; because we prefer that their un-
tutored labor should be directed by the superior
intelligence of our race to useful industry, rather
than that they should be freed from all wholesome
restraint, and left without coercion to pollute our
blood and destroy our progress. It is not within
our comprehension to divine the cause which has
made the Ruler of Nations establish this order of
things.
The wisdom of man cannot foresee or penetrate
the means by which the civilization of nations is
directed by Him. "We see ourselves surrounded
by three millions of the African race, who, under
the dominion of the white race, has, in two hun-
dred years, made greater advances in religion and
civilization than they have made in four thousand
years m their aboriginal condition. If, at this
hour, the angel of death were to breathe upon the
face of our people, as it did upon the hosts of Sen-
acherib, the surviving black race would exhibit
a pictuie of civilization more remarkable than any
that Africa has ever exhibited. But the African
is not the only race which has been subject to
slavery. Eight hundred years since our boasted
Saxon ancestors endured a slavery as abject as
that of the southern negro. The history of ail
savage races who have attained the blessings of
civilization, show that they have marched to free-
dom through the portals of slavery. Where two
races of widely different civilization exist together,
the superior exterminate or enslave the inferior.
The indocility of the Indian will cause him to be
swept from the face of the earth. Slavery seems
to be the price that ignorance pays to intelligence
for its tuition m the arts of civilization.
Nothing can be more disastrous to a State than
the premature enfranchisement of an enslaved race.
They gangrene upon the face of its society, until
it perishes under the affliction. It is a singular
historical fact, and worthy of note, that the first
Abolitionist was the first person who introduced
African slavery upon the shores of America. Las
Casas, the Bishop of Chiapas, after Cortez con-
quered Mexico, felt the deepest compassion for the
Indians who were allotted as slaves to his Spanish
adventurers. He petitioned the King of Spain that
these Indian slaves should he enfranchised, and
that the more robust and hardy negroes of the
African coast should be imported. His prayer
was granted; and it is to him the thraldom of the
African in America is to be first attributed. The
misfortunes of Mexico at this hour are, in my
opinion, attributable, in a great measure, to the
indiscreet philanthropy of Las Casas. The barri-
ers which separated the races were cast down,
the Castilian blood no longer ran pure and unpol-
luted in the veins of the people. The great pre-
ponderating Mestizo, or mixed race, was engen-
dered; and he who will walk through the streets of
Mexico will see all the horrid results of a debased
amalgamated race, as he sees the Mexican of pure
Spanish descent spurn from him with his foot, as
he would some beast, the loathly Mestizo that ob-
structs the way.
But let me turn for a moment from a considera-
tion of this picture, and ask if our forefathers
had framed the wise and beneficent government
we enjoy; if to-morrow the Ohio were the mili-
tary line of demarcation between the North and
South, as the Rhine between Germany and
France; if forts were erected, custom-houses es-
tablished, and armies posted; if union were pro-
posed to remedy all these evils, would it be ac-
cepted ? If we were assembled as delegates, and
the South were to demand the same terms our
Constitution guarantees, and the regulation of our
own domestic institutions, can we for a moment
doubt, that after all the benefits we have experi-
enced, the North would not be willing and anx-
ious to accede to its provisions ? Or would we of
the South, forgetful of the gallant spirit of our fore-
fathers who planted the southern colonies, and
whose descendants, surmounting the crests of the
Alleghanies, bore civilization and religion into
the primeval forests of the West, until they were
borne over Kentucky and Missouri, even to the
golden shores of California, prove recreant to
the glorious memories of the past, and submit to
dishonorable dictation ?
I respect the generosity of emotion that seems
to move the gentleman from New York, decisively
as I differ from every sentiment he utters; but I
must say, that the abolition of African slavery, and
its agitation, are fraught only with the most per-
nicious consequences to our common country. I
live in a State in which the institution of slavery
exists, in which we have stood by our southren
brethren, and will stand by them in the defense of
our rights; and that if slavery be not perpetual, the
hand of time will do more for the cause than the
misdirected efforts of philanthropy or fanaticism.
We may aptly say, when we point to the ameliora-
tions wrought already by time in the condition of
our slaves,
" Turne, quod optanti Diviim promittere nemo
Auderet, volvenda dies en attutil u!tro.5J
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that this topic may no
longer be the subject of agitation; for I feel assured
that, if it is continued, it will overwhelm the insti-
tutions we have inherited from our wise and patri-
otic ancestors in irretrievable rum.
Mr. DEAN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. McMULLIN, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
Orr] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had undei consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the annual message of the President of
the United States, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
On motion by Mr. EASTMAN,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 21, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Wili.iam H. Milburn.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of C. Son-
tag, a citizen of Cincinnati, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
1801; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of certain
citizens of Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, praying that they may he incorporated as a
company for the manufacture of gas; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
joint resolutions passed by the Legislature of New
Jersey, requesting the Senators and Representa-
tives from that State to use their influence to
obtain an appropriation for the purpose of con-
structing a light-house on Absecom beach, and
anchoring a bell buoy outside of Absecom bar;
which were read, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
New Jersey, requesting the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from that State to endeavor to procure
an appropriation for the construction of a break-
water at Cape May; which were read, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
the Lyons Railroad Company, asking a grant of
land to aid in the construction of their railroad
from Lyons, on the Mississippi river, to the Mis-
souri river, m said State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, additional documents in support of the
claim of Mrs. Caroline Nichol; which, with the
papers already on file, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease of
James M. Crane be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claiifis.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petiiionand papersin the case ot'Jolm
Devlin be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Nancy Scott,
and the papers of the heirs of Dame] LanjJon, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, for the purpose of being pre-
sented m the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Reeder, John-
son, and Jones be withdrawn from the files of the'Senate,
and referred to the Commute on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mary C. Ham-
ilton be withdrawn from the files, and be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. THOMSON, of New Jer-
sey, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relative to the
claim of Jonathan H. Carter be withdrawn from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Hugh Wallace
Wormlpy be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Erkskine and
Eieln-lherjjer be withdiawn from the files, and referred to
the Committee on CJanns.
On Motien by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That tlie petition and papers relative to the
claim of Hezekiah Miller be withdrawn from the files, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Nathaniel KuykendnJl have leave to with-
draw his petition and pape>s from the files of the Senate.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing the con-
struction of a line of telegraph from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of
way and a portion of the public lands to the State
of Florida, to aid in the construction of a railroad
across the peninsula of that State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a hill for the
benefit of locators and purchasers of swamp and
overflowed lands; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
divide the State of Ohio into two judicial districts,
and to provide for holding the district and circuit
courts of the United States therein; which was
read twice by its title, laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introducea bill for the
relief of the heirs at law of Lieutenant Charles A.
Wickliffe, Jr.; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to remunerate the States of Maine and Massa-
chusetts for lands conveyed to enable the United
States to fulfill stipulations of the treaty of Wash-
ington; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the payment of certain claims for
losses sustained and depredations committed during
hostilities with the Creek and Seminole Indians,
in the years 1836 and. 1837.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. FOOT, agreeably; to previous notice, asked
and obtained have to introduce a bill making a
grant of lands to the several States and Territorie 
of the Union for the benefit of indigent insane per-
sons.
