1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Shannon, Shower, GorritSmith, Samuel A. Smith, William
It. Smith, Geosge W. Smyth, Fredenek P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. f3tanl« n. Elestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John L.
Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walker,
Walley, Krael Washburn, John Wemwotth, Westbrook,
and Wheeler—92. *
NAYS—Messrs. James C- Allen, Barksdale. Boeoek,
Boycc, Bridges, Chamberlain, Chaplain, Churchvve!l,C!ing-
man, Cobb, Colquitt, Corwtn, John G. Davis, Dent, Dow-
dell, Eastman, Eddy, English, Flagler, Grow. Hastings,
Hendnek-s, Ii^lj Hillver, Daniel T. Jone?, G^oreo W.
June*, Knox, ijaoib, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McMulIm,
MoNair, McQueen, Mace, Mae.v, Matlepon, Maxwell,
Middleswarth, Morgan, Munay, Nichols, Norton, Olds,
Pai ker, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Puryear,
Ready, Ruflin, Russell, Seward, Shaw, Singleton, Suaiton,
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Daniel
B. Wnglit, Yatep, and Zollicoftei—67.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickens, Esq , their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed bills of
the House of the following titles:
H. R. No. 161. Ari act making further appro-
priations for continuing the construction of roads
in the Territory of Minnesota, m accordance with
the estimates made by the War Department, with
an amendi.-ient, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House;
H. R. No. 110. An act to provide forthe con-
tinuation of the military road from Myrtle Creek
to ScoUshurg, in Oregon;
H. R. No 241. An act for the construction of
certain military roads and wells in the Territory
of New Mexico;
H. R. No. 294. An act for the payment of the
civil officers employed in the Territory of New
Mexico, while under military government;
H. It. No. 339. An act to authonze the Secre-
tary of War to settle and adjust the expenses of
the Ru^ue fiiver Indian war*,
H. R. No. 340. An act to provide for the con-
struction of a military road in the Territory of
Utah; and
K. R. No. 341. An act to refund to the Terri-
tory of (Jtah the expenses incurred by said Ter-
ritory in suppressing Indian hostilities.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and a
resolution of the following titles:
S. No. 129. An act to authorize the sale of re-
served lands, and for other purposes;
S. No. 341. An act to revive, for a limited time,
an act in relation to donations of land to certain
persons in the State of Arkansas; and
S. R. 18. A resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Territory of New Mexico to adjust and
pay to Juan C. Aimijo, Jose L. Perea, and James
L. Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, under authority of a joint resolution of that
body, approved the 17th of June, 1851, in which
he wps directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of theUtica Steam Woolen
Company: and
An act to establish the office of surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, and
to grant donations to actual settlers therein, and
for other purposes.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion to lay upon the table the bill " for settling
the claims of the legal representatives of Richard
W. Meade, deceased." The Committee of the
Whole House reported it on Saturday last with a
recommendation that it do not pass, and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved that
the hill lie upon the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table; and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
Home (at three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 8, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
| by Rev. Henry Slicer.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
| SAN FRANCISCO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
I The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
| munication fiom the Secretary of the Treasury,
i in reference to the protection of the title to the
j site for a custom-house at San Francisco, and the
' appropriations necessary to secuie the construc-
tion of said building; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, aud ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee ot the Whole
House on the Private Calendar. I wish to sug-
gest that, as yesterday was objection day, and as
that day was lost to the consideration of unob-
jectionable bills, we now, by unanimous consent,
proceed to the consideration of cases to which
there are no objections. 1 will state, also, that
we nearly went through the Calendar, I beheve,
j upon the last objection day; and after finishing the
s bills still remaining which are not objected to, we
| can then turn to the cases to which objections are
| made.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 agree to it, with the un-
j derstanding that we commence at the beginning
I of the Calendar; for there may be many cases
j where the objections have been withdrawn by the
1 gentlemen who made them. If the gentleman
| from Indiana will agree to thatcourse, I will make
1 no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The rules of the House
I require that we should commence where we left off
: last objection day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, unless we com-
mence at the beginning and go through the Calen-
dar regularly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If objection is made to
the consideration of thatclass of private claims to
which no objections are made, I withdraw the
motion; for we can do no good by going into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
and taking up disputed cases,
j Mr. McMCJLLIN. I call for the regular order
j of business.
! DAVID MYERLE.
jl As the first business in order, Senate bill u for
j] the relief of David Myerle" was taken tiom the
j: Speaker's table, read a first and second time by
i its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
|! Affairs.
CLAIM IN THE BASTROP GRANT.
The bill next in order, entitled (1 An act to con-
firm the claim of William H. Henderson and the
heirs of Robert Henderson, to five hundred acres
of land m the Bastrop grant," was also taken from
the table, and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 should like to
put that bill upon its passage; and I will state the
reasons for it, if the House will indulge me for a
moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. To save time, I will inform
j my friend that I object to its consideration.
Mr. JONES. I am sure that the gentleman
from Virginia will have no objection to the con-
! sideration of the bill, if he will hear my reasons.
I Mr. McMULLIN. 1 cannot withdraw my
: objection.
! 'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
I gmia. seems not to have noticed the fact that the
, bill is regularly before the House.
j; Mr. JONES. The statement I wish to make
II is this: it will be recollected that a few days ago,
i! the House indulged me by passing a bill to con-
firm the title to certain lands in the Bastrop claim.
The effect of the passage of that law will be to
put into market all the balance of the lands which
were not confirmed by it. The claim now before
|j the House was considered by the commissioners,
j! who made a report in regard to the other claims.
;j They recommend that Congress shall pass a law
j! for the benefit of this claimant. They were un-
lj able, however, to report favorably upon the
chum, for the reason that it did not come within
II the provisions of thelaw of 1841. In other words,
the claimants were not able to do what the law
requires, namely: to furnish proof here before the
commissioners, cf occupation and cultivation, for
twenty years. They were only able to prove it
for eighteen years. But evidence has been fur-
nished since that time to show occupation and „
cultivation for twenty years.
Now, if the claimants do not get relief at this
session of Congress; if the bill be not passed at
this session, the effect of its failure will be, that
the lands m question will be surveyed and put
into the market, and the claimants will be forced
to purchase them at perhaps a very large ppice.
That is the reason why this bill ought to be passed
now. I may further state to the House, that, this
bill has passed the Senate; and, also* that it was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims
of the Blouse, and that committee have also re-
ported a bill to the same effect as the Senate bill.
Mr. MATTE80N. Is there a written report?
Mr. JONES. There is. The House will per-
ceive, from what I have just said, that the Senate
has acted favorably on this claim, and that the
Committee on Private Land Claims has also acted
favorably upon it.
Mr. LETCHER took the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Louisiana yield to the gentleman from Virginia ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly, sir; and I may here
take occasion to say, that that gentleman has in-
vestigated this claim, and he is satisfied with the
justice of it.
Mr. LETCHER Some time ago my friend
from Louisiana called my attention to these claims
on the* Bastrop grant, and I examined this one
among others. I have no hesitation m saying, fiom
that examination, that if ever there has been a claim
which ought to be allowed by this body, this
claim seems to be one of them. 1 call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked for tellers 'on the
passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr, and
Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 1'2U, noes 6.
So the bill was passed.
ALEXANDER G. MORGAN-
Mr. HOWE. As it is necessary that I should
be absent from this city, I ask the unanimous
|l consent of the House to allow me to make a re-
j; port from the Committee on Military Affairs, for
\\ the purpose of reference, and that the report may
11 be printed.
!j There was no objection, and Setfate bill for the
j| relief of the heirs and representatives of Colonel
;; Alexander G. Morgan, was reported back from
!1 the Committee on Military Affairs, referred to a
;| Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
:j be printed.
!| CUSTOM-HOUSI? AT ALEXANDRIA, VA. .
;j On motion by Mr. APPLE TON, it was ^
'j Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
j discharged from the furthei consideration of the petition of *
jl citizens of Alexandria, Vngima, foi the erection of a cus-
ii torn-liou-so in said city, and that said petition be referred to
, the Committee on Commerce.
:l SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
i The following Senate bills were then taken up ^
lj from the Speaker's table, read a first and second -
I1 time by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
ll 10% :
: An act forthe relief of Frederick Vincent, ad-
, mimstrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Le*
jiCaze & Mallet. Referred to the Committee of
.I Claims.
ii An act (No. 369) for the relief of the legal heirs
•; ar>d representatives of Colonel John Anderson,
j Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 415) for the relief of Phineas M.
i; Nightingale, administiator of the estate of Gen-
ii eral Nathaniel Greene, deceased. Referred to the
■ i Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
11 An act (No. 381) for the relief of William
'<[ Brown. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
jj Pensions.
, Mr. FAULKNER. I now move, with the
' consent of the House, that the Speaker call the
1 committees for leports upon private bills.
Mr. THURSTON. I object, and move that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
(1 Whole on the Private Calendar."**
