1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. MAXWELL. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to withdraw that motion, to enable
me to ask the consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table another bill—a general bill,
but one to which I presume there will be no ob-
jection in the House upon a very slight explana-
tion, or with no explanation at all. The bill
is to bring into market lands reserved for mili-
tary purposes, where the military stations for
which they were reserved have been abandoned
by the Government. The bill is general in its
provisions, applicable to other States as well as
Florida. The lands were reserved for the benefit
of military stations then occupied as such. But
where these stations have been abandoned, it is
proposed to bring them into market.
Mr. THURSTON. I will withdraw my mo-
tion for a time.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time by Us title, as follows:
An act to authorize the sale of reserved lands,
and for other purposes.
Mr. MAXWELL. I now ask that the bill
may be read through; and if there be any objec-
tion to it, I will not press its consideration now.
The bill was read in exlenso.
Mr. EASTMAN. What is the pending ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. It is on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object to the introduction
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection comes too late at
this time.
Mr. EASTMAN. Well, then, I have a few
words to submit on the subject.
The SPEAK.Eli. The gentleman from Florida
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. As objection is made, I
move that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OP NAME.
Mr. AIKEN. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report from the Committee
on Commerce a bill (i to change the name of the
American-built bug Hallowell to that of James
Rose, and to grant her a new register." Its con-
sideration and passage will not occupy more than
five minutes, at most.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, ordered to be
engrossed and read a thiid time; and being en-
grossed, it was read a third time, and passed.
new orleans district.
Mr. FULLER. 1 now ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to take up Senate
hill authorizing (he establishment of a collection
district in New Mexico, in order that it may be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MACE, I object, and shall object to every-
thing not strictly in order. I insist on the motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. THURSTON renewed his motion, that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar. Agreed to, (Mr.
Stanton, of Kentucky, in the Chair.)
J SAMUEL COLT.
The bill first in order oil the Calendar was
House bill (No. f)9) "for the relief of Samuel
Colt."
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
#pass by the consideration of that bill now?
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done only by
unammoos consent.
Mr. LETCHER. We passed by the consid-
eration of a multitude of bills to reach the Nebraska
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have since
decided that such motions are not in order, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAVEN. If the Chair will allow me, I
think the Chair is under a slight error m reference
to this matter. The committee have decided that
it is not in order to pass by the consideration of a
bill on which the debate has been closed by reso-
lution.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. In reply to
what the gentleman from New York has stated, I
think the Chair will recollect, because the motion
was made by himself to pass by a particular case,
that the gentleman who was occupying the chair
at that time decided that motion out of order, upon
the express ground that the rule in reference to
passing over bills applied to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and not to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
You appealed from that decision, and the com*
mittee sustained the decision of the Chair at that
time. I thought the decision was wrong, but the
committee decided that the Chair was right in his
ruling, and, of course, that decision should be
adhered to.
Mr. LETCHER. The Chair then decides that
it is not in order to pass over the-bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I think that the same rule
which governs in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, governs here, and that it is
unquestionably competent for a majority to decline
considering a particular bill. It is well to have
this matter settled now; but I will notoccupy the
time of the committee in discussing it. 1 think the
majority have a right to decline considering a par-
ticular bill just as in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or just as in the House
the majority may postpone a bill from day to day.
I take it that the same rules govern the Committee
of the Whole House as govern the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Unioft. I therefore
respectfully appeal from the decision of the Chair,
in order that we may settle the question, as it iB
different from the case already referred to.
The question now being on the appeal, u Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee ?"
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashe and
Cox were appointed.
Mr. HENN. I ask for the reading of the
135th rule.
The 135th rule was read, as follows:
"In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bill* shall he la Ken up and disposed of in their order on
the Calendar, but when objection is made to the considera-
tion of a bill, a m.ijoiity of the committee ahall decide
without debate, whether it shall he taken up and deposed
of, or laid a^ule : provided, that general appropriation bills,
and, in time of wai, hills tor raising men or money, and
bills conceinnitf a tienty of peace, shall be preferred to all
other hills, at the discretion ot the committee; and, when
demanded by any member, the question shall first be put
in legard to them."
Mr. HENN. I called for the reading of that
rule merely to show that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union can lay aside a
bill, and pass to another.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Chair now to have the 29 th rule read.
The rule was rend, as follows:
a Friday and Salinday m every week shall he <?et apart
foi tin: consideration of piivate bills and private business
in preference to anv other, unless otherwise determined by
a majoiity oi the llou->e."
Mr. JONES. Ry this rule Friday and Satur-
day of every week are set apait for the considera-
tion of private business, unless the House shall
otherwise order. Now, the House can determine
not to go into the consideration of the Private
Calendar at all; and if it can determine this, it
surely can determine whether it may pass over
bills on the Calendar. The lesser is certainly con-
tain® in the greater in this regard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It appears that
the 135th rule is entirely silent m respect to the
order of business in Committee of the Whole
House. I suppose, then, that we must look to
the general parliamentary law for our guidance.
[ would simply suggest to the Chair whether,
under that parliamentary law, it is not competent
to lay aside one bill for'another.
Mr. HENN. I would suggest to the Chair to
have the 134th rule read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the precedent for his decision has been estab-
lished by the Committee of the Whole House,
when it was last m session. To that precedent
the Chair now adheres, although he was opposed
to it at the time.
Mr. W ASHBURN. I would inquire, respect-
fully, of the Chair, whether in that case debate
had not been closed by order of the House ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to read to
the committee the 134th rule:
"The rules of proceedings in the House shall be observed
in a Committee of the Whole House, &o far as they may
be applicable, except the rule limiting the time of speaking;
but no member shall speak twice to any question until
every member choosing to speak shall have spoken."
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 60.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the Chair, if the bill and report have been read to
the House?
The CHAIRMAN. They have not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The report was read last
Saturday.
Mr.TAYLOR. I hope they wiil be read, so that
the House may know what they are to act upon.
The bill and report were then read, the sub-
stance of which has heretofore been published.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
call the attention of the committee to one circum-
stance merely. I desire when the vote is taken
on this bill, in the House, that if there is not a
full House, that there may be a call of the House.
I think it due to members, owing to the reports
industriously circulated, of extraordinary means
resorted to for the purpose of getting this case
through, that there should be a call of the House.
I have no doubt that very large sums of money
are said to be depending on the passage of the bill,
and that gentlemen have been told by their friends
that they would receive large sums if it could
pass, and, in some instances, even if particular
members would decline voting at all. I have no
reason to suppose that any gentleman would be
influenced by these considerations.
Mr. PRATT. The gentleman says that he has
no doubt very large sums of money have been
offered to gentlemen to vote for this bill, or to stay
away. I do not know whether he means by gen-
tlemen, members of this House, or persons out-
side of this Hall.
Mr. WALSH. Outsiders cannot vote,
h Mr. PRATT. Of course not. The gentleman
must mean members of the House. He says that
money has been offered to members to vote for the
bill, or to stay away, 1 should like to know
what reason the gentleman has to make this state-
ment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to my
friend asking the question. I tell him now that if
the House shall at any time raise a committee to
investigate this matter, and call upon me, I shall
be ready to give an answer. I will say, that no
sum was offered to me; but I have no doubt of
sums of money having been offered to induce per-
sons to cause members by solicitation to vote for
this bill, or remain away. I am satisfied of that
fact from several circumstances, and on the testi-
mony of persons on whom I fully rely. I do not
say that it has been offered to members themselves.
I do not know that such is the fact. But sums of
money have been offered to very particular and
dear friends of members; to induce them so to act.
Therefore, as the streets are rife with these things,
and as they have got into the papers—and I have
no doubt that these reports are well-founded to a
considerable extent—I have said thus much. 1
think it due to members, when the vote is taken, it
should be with a full House. I presume, sir, from
what I know of gentlemen around the Hall, that
there is no one of them who will not show by his
conduct, by voting either aye or no, that he has
not been approached in this way.
It is well known, Mr. Chairman, that Congress
has suffered in the country from allegations of this
sort, which have gone out in the newspapers. 1
think, therefoie, that it will be well for us to have
a call of the House when we come to vote upon
this bill. I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to two or three of the reasons given in the
report, to which I have already alluded, why this
bill should pass. The principal reason urged
why this House should grant the extension asked
for is, that Mr. Colt has set up a large establish-
ment in England for the manufacture of arms,
but that he has met with losses, owing to the
competition prevailing there.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order,
whether this bill is before the committee, and is
open for discussion?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is before the
committee, and is open for discussion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is agreed by general
