1&53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
mittee on the District of Columbia to report a bill
to incorporate the Pioneer Manufacturing Com-
pany of Georgetown. I presume there can be no
objection on the part of any one to the passage of
the bill at this time. It was considered by the
Senate, and passed unanimously at the last ses-
sion. ... , .,
The bill was read twice by its title, and consid-
ered by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to incorporate Thomas Wilson, Evan
Lyons, Esau Pickerell, Thomas Brown, their as-
sociates, successors, and assigns, as a body-politic
and corporate, for the purpose of manufacturing
cotton, woolen, and silk goods at Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, and authorizes them to
have a capital stock of $200,000, divided into
shares of $100 each. It further proposes to give
the company the usual privileges of incorporated
companies, and restricts them from the exercise
of banking powers; and reserves to Congress the
right to alter or repeal the charter, whenever the
public good may require it.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 would ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland whether the bill contains the
individual liability clause? Whether it makes the
stockholders liable individually for the indebted-
ness of the company ?
Mr. PRATT. It does not.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to prepare and offer an
amendment providing that the stockholders shall
be individually responsible for the liabilities of the
company.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Mary-
land will consent to let this subject go over, if it is
to lead to debate. Certainly a debate on the sub-
ject was not expected.
Mr. PRATT. I did not anticipate that there
would be any objection to the bill.
Mr. PETTIT. Has the bill been reported from
a committee ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; and in precisely the
same form in which it passed the Senate at the
last session.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Indiana
insists on his amendment, I suppose the bill must
go over. , ..
Mr. PETTIT. I shall insist upon it. I shall
vote for it myself, but I do not know the feeling of
the Senate in regard to it.
Mr. PRATT. Then let the bill go over.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN". I move that the bill, as reported,
and the proposed amendment, be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Committee on thp Judiriatv inquire
whether, consistently with the Constitution, provision can
be made for referring causes instituted according to the
course of the common-law, to remrees, and whether such
provisions, if they could be constitutionally made, would
be expedient.
Mr. President, I hold in my hand communica-
tions from a judge of theSupreme Court, andfrom
some professional gentlemen, upon the subject in-
volved in the resolution. 1 ask, if there be no ob-
jection, that the resolution be now considered, and
that the communications which I hold in my hand
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The resolution was agreed to, and the com-
munications were so referred.
CENSUS PRINTING. j
Mr BR.ODHEAD. Dunn" the last session of ;
the last Congress, the House of Representatives i
ordered the publication of one hundred thousand ■
copies of the " Abstract of the Census, for the i
use of that body. The Senate has not yet ordered j
the abstract to'be published. I think it will be j
necessary for us to have some fifteen or wen y
thousand copies of that document We have
daily applications for the Abstract of the Census.
I beg leave, therefore, to offer a resolution ordei- |
ing the printing of twenty thousand copies of the ,
Abstract of the Census, being the report of the I
Superintendent, which was published by the House
of Representatives. I hold in my h ind a copy o
the document; peihaps Senators have seen it.
offer the resolution, and ask for its consideration
at this time:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate,
twenty thousand copies of the Abstract of the Seventh Cen-
sus, being a report of the Superintendent of the Census as
published by the House of Representatives at the last ses-
sion of the last Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania before the Senate for con-
sideration ? Do not the rules require that all such
resolutions shall go to the Committee on Printing ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Iftherebeany
objection, the resolution must go over as a matter
of course.
Mr. HAMLIN. I makeno objection to the con-
sideration of the resolution at this time. ^ I only
desire to say that a resolution, similar in its import,
was submitted to the Senate at the last session,
and I believe that the Committee on Printing came
to the conclusion not to report favorably upon it,
for the reason that they believed there were such
inaccuracies in the abstract that they would not
be warranted or justified in recommending its pub-
lication. I now desire to say, that the subject of
printing an additional number of the census, as
finished under the superintendence of Mr. De
Bow, together with abstracts of the same, and
other matters connected with that subject, are
now before the Committee on Printing; and with
that matter before them, I do not myself see the
necessity for ordering an additional number of the
old abstract which has already been printed.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of printing addi-
tional copies of the census, but not of the abstract.
I think that the number of the census which has
been printed is entirely too small. As a member
of this body, I have received numerous applica-
tions for copies of the census, as taken by the
officers of the United States. 1 am in favor of
printing it in large numbers, and distributing it
among the people. Therefore, I object to this
resolution, and hope the Senate will order the
publication of an additional number of the census.
Mr CASS. What is the number of copies of
the census which has been printed for the Senate ?
Mr HAMLIN. Eight thousand, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If objection be
made, the resolution must go to the Committee on
Printing
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the abstract
which has been prepared, and one copy of which
has been laid on the table of every Senator, is a
document which I cannot wish to see printed for
the Senate, although I believe that a proper ab-
stract of the Census would be a document which
should be printed, for the purpose of being more
generally distributed amongst our constituen ts than
the Census at large will be. But I agree with those
Senators, who think that the abstract of the Cen-
sus which has been prepared, is not such a docu-
ment as is worthy to be printed and sent abroad
I have looked over it, and 1 do not think that
there is more than a single table, containing about
half of a pa^e, which would be of the least prac-
tical utility°to the public, if printed and sent
amongst them. I refer to the last table in the
book. That would be useful, but it does not
cover more than half of one page.
I think that the subject—being before the Com-
mittee on Printing—should be allowed to rest there
for the present, that they may cause, m some
way, such an abstract to be made of this immense
volume as will be useful to our constituents- and
that a sufficient number of it may be printed by
us to ffive it a general circulation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
being objected to, must go, as a matter of course,
to the Committee on Printing, under the rules.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE-OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 21, lb53.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. Roland Jones, a Representative from the
State of Louisiana, appeared, and was quahfied
by taking the customary oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
SEAMEN IN THE MERCHANT SERVICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, contain-
in" an abstract of the returns made to the Depart-
ment by the collectors of customs, showing the
number of seamen registered in the several ports
of entry in the United States, during the year
ending September 30, 1853.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, the
communication was laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.
CENSUS REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
inclosing the report of the Superintendent of the
Census, dated the 14th instant, to which brief
allusion was made in the annual report of said
Secretary; which was ordered to He upon the table
and be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
On motion by Mr. PECKHAM, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the following petitions;
and the same were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions:
The petition of Hannah Reed, of Pennsylvania,
asking for an increase of revolutionary pension;
And the petition of theheirs of Michael Shaver,
of Virginia, asking for a pension on account of
their father having been killed at the battle of
Camden.
RICHARD W. MEAD.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the Older of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed;
" A bill for settling the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of Richard W. Mead, deceased.
DELEGATE FROM NEBRASKA.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the Com-
mittee on the Territories was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Thomas
Johnson, praying to be admitted a Delegate in
Congress from the Territory of Nebraska; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Elections.
SAMUEL COLT.
Mr. THURSTON, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, reported the fol-
lowing bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed:
" A bill for the relief of Samuel Colt.'
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the t
States for resolutions. U
BOOKS ORDERED BY CONGRESS. 9
Mr. ORR. I offer the following resolution, and
upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the House members of the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library be instructed to inquire into, and report
what books have been ordered to be printed by authority
of Comrress which have not been completed ; the progress
made with the respective works ; the tune when they will
nrobablv be competed; the names of the contractors, ana
the work each one is to print; the contract prices stipulated
to be paid for editing and publishing; and such other tacts
as may inlorm the House fully on the subject.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now Put-
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
POST OFFICE IN SAVANNAH. f
' Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolu-
1 tion:
i Resolved, ThattheCommitteeonthePostOfficeanu i o&t
i Road« be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
1 necessity of^erecting a pos! office building in the city of
Savannah, Georgia, and to report upon the same by bill or
otherwise. ,
, Mr. FLORENCE. If it be in order I would
1 like to have an amendment attached to the gen-
1 tleman's resolution, that the same inquiry be made
by the Committee on the P0®' 1P p°®
Roads in regard to the city of Philadelphia. Per-
haps it woufd be well enough to ask the commit-
tee to inquire into the expediency and necessity
of affording better accommodations for post office
purposes in all the principal cities of the United
StThe SPEAKER. Will the gentleman please
submit his amendment in writing ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall have to prepare it;
