1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
consent to put the bill over until doomsday, I will
have no objection.
Mr. HUGHES. There was a question raised
in the committee whether the bill was before us
for discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. It is now before us for
-discussion.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I do not know how the
gentleman from New York stands with regard to
this bill. If he intends to vote for it, I hope he
has some better reason than that given in the re-
port. From the great desire manifested to get
through this bill, and the extraordinary means to
secure its passage, I was in hopes that the Com-
mittee on Patents would have given us better rea-
sons than they have done m this report. They
have not given us the slightest reason, or the pre-
text for a reason, for the extension of the patent in
this case, except that Mr. Colt is subjected to the
great expense of an establishment in England for
the manufacture of his arms; and that he has
lost so much in competition with other manufac-
turers there, that he wants a monopoly of the man-
ufacture in this country in order to sustain him
there. You and I, Mr. Chairman, have heard it
said that it is wise policy, by means of & tariff, to
impose a tax upon our own citizens to support
manufacturing establishments in the United States;
but nobody ever discovered that it was sound pol-
icy to tax our people in order to enable Mr. Colt
to keep up an establishment m a foreign country
This is a new idea of the Committee on Pat-
ents.
We are told that if Mr. Colt is not to have a mo-
nopoly, that individuals will manufacture cast iron
arms, and that you must therefore give him the
exclusive privilege of their manufacture. Is not
this the reverse of experience? My friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] remarked the other day,
that the public houses here were not as good as
he would like. Suppose some one, with a view
to their improvement, should have a law passed
that there should be but one public house. Do
you suppose that we should fare any better in the
way of lodgings and dinners?
But if this be a good doctrine, why do they
not bring in a bill giving a monopoly of making
axes, lent some one should deceive the public by
making cast iron axes, or cast iron scythes, or
razors, or something else, instead of making them
of iron or steel? Why, sir, the whole experience
of the world goes to show that when an individ-
ual or a company obtains a monopoly the public
are likely to be imposed upon. The only way to
produce good articles of any kind is to allow
competition to the widest extent. By the im-
mense numbers of bootmakers, tailors, ^nd trades-
men of all kinds in the community, we are more
likely to get good articles than if there was no
competition in such trades. This is another of
the novel ideas of the committee; and I ask you
whether they are not entitled to a patent for that
too ?
Now, just let anybody look at the report, and
he will find that these are the two reasons con-
tained in the report, it is on these grounds that
we are asked to grant this monopoly. I take it
for granted that it is a fact that some gentlemen
will be m favor of this bill. I do not know how
many will be found in its favor, for some one rea-
son or another. If, Mr. Chairman, there are any
good reasons for its support, I have not been able
to see them. I have received a long letter from
one of his counsel, which I read with care, as
coming from a gentleman for whom I have great
respect, but have not been convinced at all by it.
I do not bl;;me any gentleman for making the best
argument that he can in support of his client's
claim. But still, I did not find 9 particle of evi-
dence to sustain the case. As I sftid before,
though these reports may not be worth discussing,
still i think that the House would show its good
sense, in view of the rumors that are afloat, and
in some cases well founded, doubiless, to take a
vote upon this question by yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 think it due to the House,
in view of the announcement made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that he should give the
names of persons, and the facts to which he has
alluded. He cannot escape the responsibility of
doing so. And if it shall appear that any mem-
ber of this House has been offered money for the
purpose of controlling his vote or his action on
this subject, and that that member suppressed the
fact, he should be expelled ignominiously from
this body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My friend from Georgia
has misunderstood me. i stated distinctly that
the money may have been offered, not directly to
members, but to persons friendly to members,
who might be able to influence them. But if the
gentleman from Georgia desires to have my evi-
dence in this respect, let him^ move for a com-
mittee of the House to investigate the matter, and
I shall very readily give him all the information I
possess on the subject. My attention was called
to the fact from statements appearing in the news-
papers in the first instance. Besides, two gentle-
men, members of this House, mentioned these
things to me. And I had heard, from other
sources, that offers of money—large and liberal
offers—had been made to particular persons to
influence members, if they could do so.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I want to understand
the gentleman from North Carolina. 1 hold that
a member on this floor who has had offers of the
sort made, and who has failed to expose them to
the body, stands condemned before Congress and
the country. I do not think it necessary to have
a committee of investigation raised. I understood
theagentlemnn from North Carolina to say that
large sums of money had been offered to members
of this House either to control their votes or to
induce them to abandon their position as Repre-
sentatives on this floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman still mis-
understands me. I did not state that any offer
had been made to a member; but that offers were
made to individuals who were supposed to have
influence over members. And I tell the gentleman
again, that if a committee of inquiry be raised, I
am ready to lay before it all the knowledge which
I possess in the matter, and also to refer to some
other persons.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Noith
Carolina knows very well that it is not necessary
to raise a committee.
Mr. LETCHER. As soon as the committee
shall rise and come info the House, 1 intend to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of member.*- be appointed
to inquire whether money, or other illegal and improper
mean-*, Im\o been ust d to cure tlx* parage of the bill to
extend Colt's patent for seven years fiom 18.77: and aHo
whethei money, or other illegal anil lmpropcrineans, liava
been used or employed to secure the pa&suge of any bill by 1
tins Congress. j
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will modify his resolution so as to make
it express whether money "has been offered to
members of Congress. It is not improper, I be-
lieve, to offer to pay a claims agent or counsel to
procure the passage of a bill. But, as I understood
the gentleman from North Carolina, his statement
was", that money had been offered to members of
this House, either directly or indirectly. 1 hope
the resolution will be modified as I have sug-
gested.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, here obtained
the floor, and said: I am just informed, since i
took the floor, that the gentleman from Rhode
island, [Mr. Thurston,] who reported this bill,
is desirous of presenting his views to the House.
That being so, I shall be most happy to yield the ,
floor to him, and submit the few remarks I de-/
sire to present afterwards. .
Mr. THURSTON. The principal question to
be considered, in deciding upon an application for
the renewal of a patent, should be: Does the
public interest call for such renewal, and will the
public iveal be thereby subserved ?
The other question, which regards the profit or
loss to the inventor, is incidental and secondary.
It is this first consideration, exclusively, which has
governed the committee in the case of Colt's arms;
and a careful consideration of the matter, aided
by information derived from numerous sources,
has induced the committee to report the bill now
under consideration.
It is a fact universally conceded m this country,
and in all others, that these arms have become in-
dispensable weapons of war. There is no army
without them, while, at the same time, it is a
fact well authenticated, that they are worse than
none, beinj? dangerous as well as inefficient,
when not constructed of the best material, and in
the most e,xact and oerfect manner.
Those facts have had a paramount influence
with the committee in reporting this bill.
If, in conflict with an enemy, our army should
find that their arms were inefficient by getting out
of order, or any other cause, the most disas-
trous consequences must ensue.
in the manufacture of Colt's arms, the greatest
deception may be practised without thepossibiliiy
of detection, and, undoubtedly, would be, were
they allowed to be made by any but the inventor.
Instead of the best cast steel, they- might be made
of cast iron, and finished and polished in such a
manner as to make it impossible to distinguish
the one from the other.
If, then, the door were opened to all to manu-
facture them, and a field of competition presented
to the whole world of mechanics, the inevitable
consequence would be, that pistols, guns, and
rifles, upon the principle of this patent, would be
thrown upon the market, which would be worse
than worthless.
The people of this country, the farmers and
mechanics, have no interest in having this patent
expire. These arms are not such as are used by
them, and not one in a hundred thousand have
them. It is the Government which has the prin-
cipal concern in having these arms manufactured
as they have hitherto been.
It has been urged that Mr. Colt has amassed a
large fortune out of his patent, while the facts
prove that his entire profits, thus far, have been
principally expended in extending, improving, and
perfecting his machinery, with a view to increased
operations in the manufacture of his arms. Thus,
security from infringement is more important to
him than ever. The high character accorded to
his fire-arms has induced extensive impositions
on the part of those who manufacture a spurious,
or, at least, a greatly inferior article. Mr. Colt
has richly earned, and is fairly entitled to, the
protection of Government for an additional pe-
riod. The invention was made in 1831; and,
after five years of incessant labor m perfecting
it, a patent was granted to him in 1836. On the
Oth of March, in the same year, this patent was
conveyed to the Patent Arms Company of*New
Jersey. The capital stock of said company was
$230,000, of which Colt owned $50,000. This
company (Colt being the agent) worked for six
years, and were then sold out, by a decree of the
court of chancery, on the 10th of October, 1842; ■
losing all the capital, and leaving a large amount
of the debts of the company unpaid. The patent,
at that time, was considered of so little value
that no purchaser could be found for it. In 1850,
Colt filed a bill to wind up the Patent Arms
Company, and to sell the patent, and on the
8th day of July, 1850, the patent v/as sold by a
receiver in chancery, at public sale, under an
order of court, for one .dollar, and bought by
Samuel Colt. In 1848, Colt, by the assistance
of some friends, who advanced $10,000, com-
menced the manufacture of pistols at Hartford,
for the Government, beginning with some eight
men, and working on a small scale; and it was
not until 165tf, when he obtained his extension,
that he was enabled to procure the means of estab-
lishing an armory.
Colt began to manufacture in Hartford, twicer
the extension, in 1850; but up to that date a cash
capital of $230,000, together with nineteen years of
his time, had been wasted, and he was, moreover,
involved m liabilities to the amount of $30,000.
Since 1847, and under the extension, down to
the present time, all the capital and earnings have
been invested in land, buildings, tools,machinery,
and the necessary apparatus for the successful
manufacture of the arm; and the plans are not
more than one third carried out for the manufac-
ture in the most economical manner.
The struggles of Colt to establish an armory
suitable for the manufacture of his arms, on an
enlarged scale, are well known, and justify his
friends m endeavoring to obtain such protection
as will insure to hira a suitable reward for his
invention, and for the years of toil and anxiety
he has devoted to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Rhode Island a single question.
Is it not a fact that Mr. Colt now has a large
manufactory in London, on the Thames?
Mr. THURSTON. It is.
Mr. SMITH. And is it not true that this
establishment is the admiration of all England,
resorted to by visitors as a show shop, for Us rare
perfection and beauty?
