786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Senator, that a proposition had been made to bring
•wafer into the city for a comparatively small sum.
Mr. PRATT. I will state that there were
various projects. One was to bring water from
Rock creek, which is the creek dividing George-
town from Washington city. The engineers made
an estimate of the amount of money which it
would require to bring water from that source.
Another plan was to have an immense reservoir
at the Little Palis of the Potomac, and to have the
water pumped from the Potomac into the reservoir,
and pipes to carry it from there to supply the
District, and the amount necessary to carry out
that plan was estimated. But the plan adopted
by the President was to bring the water from the
Great Fails of the Potomac, m a pipe nine feet in
diameter, which will give a supply not merely for
the present generation, but for all generations to
come—a plentiful supply fur the Federal and
National city.
1 had hoped to get the vote of my friend from
Town for this proposition. As he did me the
honor to say of me, i will say of him, that he
certainly states his propositions broadly, and he
comes directly to the point. \ have always found
him liberal towaids other sections of the Union,
as he expects others to he liberal to him. He
says, however, that the West have to fight for
every mere pittance for which they ask, and yet
here is mi nppropi latum for a different .section of
tiie country of ^2,300,000, and he thinks it ought
to h^ive been fought originally harder than it was,
and that every Senator ought now to look it in the
face, and vote against it. Sir, I do not think it
corner well from that section of the country to say
they do not receive their full share of the appro-
priations of this Government. They do not count
the public lands which are appropriated for the
improvement of their vai ions States as anything.
1 do not object, am I stated the other day inci-
dentally, to those jippropiiations; but in the name
of all that is good, let us have the credit of mag-
nanimity and generosity in agreeing with them
that they shall appropriate this public treasure for
their own individual purposes, only to be inci-
dentally advantageous to us of the old States.
Let us have the credit of jt, at any rate; and
when here is a work in which they are equally
interested with us,awotk intended for the na-
tional city, for that city planned by the Father of
Ins Country, intended to be the seat of Govern-
ment of this i^reat Republic, as I hope it will be
for all future time, let us not look at such an ap-
proptiaMon as this, and say it is sectional m Us
chnincter. What makes it sectional ? Is it alone
for the people living here > It is fm your Federal
city. It is for the capital of (his gieat Republic.
f)o you call 'hat sectional ? It is for a magnifi-
cent work; .such a one as is appropriate to the Na-
tional Capital; such a one as the American people
should feel proud to have in the capital of the
country. Are we to let New Yoik, I'altimoie,
"Philadelphia, ami the other cities of the States of
this Union,who,by theirown meiecity resources,
are enabled to make these improvements, surpass
the Federal f government in any mipiovement of
utility of this sort ?
I hope we shall have the yeas and nays upon
this question, and that it will be considered a test.
If we intend to go on with this work, let every
Senator who intends to do so vote for the amend-
ment. I agree that those who aie opposed to it
should vote against the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RIIODIIFAD. I voted last springagainst
commencing (his woik; but it lias been com-
menced, and therefore I do not think this a test
question. Wt: had a test question at that time.
Aie we to have a test question whenever it is pro-
posed to make an appropriation to cairy on this
work? The matter was well considered last year,
and I then opposed this work. 1 do not lecollect
how my friend from Iowa stood in legard to it.
Mr. DODG F, of Iowa. I always voted agamst it.
Air. BRODHEAD. I recollect very well that
I voted against it, and mode a speech against it
myself, on the ground that the city authorities and
the people of this city were abundantly able, like
those of other cities, to supply themselves with
wafer; but on that occasion 1 was ovenuled, as I
was in legard to the large appropriations for ihe j
extension of the Capitol. I believe this Capitol, '
as it now stands, is large enough for all constitu-
tional legislation, though for the purpose of a grand
consolidated empite, I confess it is not large
enough.
But, sir, in respect to the waterworks, the ques-
tion was decided a year ago. The work has been
commenced; it has been well commenced. This,
being the seat of the Federal Government, should
have such a work as has been commenced. 1 am,
therefore, willing to vote for this appropriation;
but I rise for the purpose of saying, that this was
not a test question. The test question was when
we commenced the work. Having commenced
it, and approving the plan as 1 do, 1 shall vote for
the appiopnation.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for this appropri-
ation. 1 was on the committee in the House of
Representatives which made the first report in
ldvor of this project. I was in favor of it then,
have been so ever since, and am so now. In
every view in which I have looked at the subject,
I regard the work as one which is necessary for
the Government itself. Why, sir, svhat amount
of property have you in the District of Columbia?
What are your records worth ? And what is your
defense against that destroying element which
consumes so much of private and public property
everywhere? Suppose a fire bieaks out to-mor-
row in one of the Departments, shall you have
the scenes which you had when the Treasury
building was burnt down, and when the General
Post Office was burnt, ay, sir, and when the li-
brary of your Capitol was burnt, and you had
notthe means of putfing out the file?
Mr. PKTT1T. There was plenty of water.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator says, m his seat,
that there was plenty of water. Sir, the little
pool in front of the Capitol was exhausted, and
everybody knows that that was one of the prin-
ciple causes why the library was burnt. You
have not water surrounding any one of your pub-
lic buildings sufficient to put it out it it were on fire
to-day. The pi eservation of the vast amount of
property you have heie m buildings, and the infi-
nitely moi e important property in records, is woi th
twenty times the cost of this work.
Whenever you undertake to put up public
buddings, or construct public works of any kind,
I am for doinjr it in the most substantial manner
possible, and m a manner winch shall reflect credit
upon the Government. If the thing is worth
doing, it is worth doing well. You have already
appropriated some, 1 do not know how many,
thousands of dollars, in bridging the Potomac, and
yet have no bridge there yet. it is this niggardly
spirit of economy which wastes more money than
it would requne three times over to do the thing
right at the beginning. If the plan of that great,
far-seeing old statesman [Andrew Jackson] had
been pursued in reference to the construction of a
biidge across that river, you would now have a
work there worthy of the nation, and one which
would not be required to be reconstructed every
I two or three years. He wanted to put up a
national bridge, one which would reflect credit on
the country, but in that he was overruled, and I
think very unwisely overruled.
If there is a good, substantial reason for intro-
ducing water into the city of Washington, there
is a good and sufficient reason, growing out of that
fact, to intioduce it in the proper way, and to so
construct the works that they will last not only
during this generation, but during all generations.
I know very well that when I served on the Com-
mittee of the House, they told us, as an induce-
ment to undeitake the thing, that it could be done
for §600,000 or ^700,000 i was not humbugged
with any such story. I never dreamed that it
could be done at a less cost than some millions;
and I have not, therefore, been startled by the ac-
count given by the Senator from Maryland, that
we were a.sked to appropriate some $9,000,000 or
<$3,000,000.
New York paid $15,000,000,1 believe—I do not
know but that the sum was laiger than that—to
introduce an abundant supply of water into that
city. Suppose we pay one third of that sum ■
for introducing an abundant supply of water in :
the city of the nation, and the only city over which
you have the right to exeicise exclusive legisla-
tive jurisdiction—what of it? if the city of New
York could pay $15,000,000 for an abundant sup-
ply of water, shall it be said that it is extravagant ,
for us to pay $3,000,000, if indeed that sum shall '
be required, to introduce an abundant supply here i
to protect your Capitol, to protect all your various •
Departments, to protect the house in which the
Pi evident lives, to protect all your public records,
when every man knows, and must admit, that all
those tilings are insecure without the water* If
you will show me that there is already an abund-
ant supply here, at the disposal of the public for
public purposes, I will abandon my position; but
from a pretty close investigation of the matter
originally, I came to the conclusion that you had
no such supply; that your records had been burnt,
and public buildings destroyed, and are liable to
be burnt and destroyed again, for want of a suf-
ficient supply of water. 1 therefore went for an
appropriation originally; I have been for it ever
since, and I am for it now.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe it is very desirable
that we should have water for some of the objects
indicated by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi; but I do not think it devolves exclusively
upon the Federal Treasury to provide the means
for introducing it. If we expend this money—
$3,000,000; for I dare say it will be$3,000,000 or .
$4,000,000—the result of it is, that the Federal
Treasury is used for the purpose of improving and
enhancing the value of the private property of
gentlemen in the city of Washington, without a
single dollar being contributed by them.
Mr. BROWN. The same might be said of a
proposition to appropriate money to build the
walls of the Capitol. All improvements have the
effect mentioned oy the Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I have two objec-
tions to the gentleman's proposition. In the first
place, 1 do not regard this* as the capital of a na-
tion at all.
Mr. BROWN. What is it the capital of?
Mr. BUTLER. Of the Confederacy.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; take it that way.
Mr. BUTLER. Iam not willing to take the
Federal Treasury to improve the property of in-
dividuals without those individuals contributing
something. But I go upon another ground, if
this money is to be expended exclusively under
the responsibility of Federal agents—I do not say
national agents—it will be abused, as all other ex-
penses havebeen. If you put it in some measure
under the security of private individuals having
some control over it, it will be properly expended.
I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I shall vote against the amend-
ment. I am in favor of the principle, and voted
originally to commence this work, but I am op-
posed to putting half a million of dollars on this
deficiency bill when it has already been loaded
down. The Committee on Finance have with-
held many important and useful measures, in
order to put the bill in such a shape as to avoid
opposition in the other House. I am willing to
vote on the regular appropriation bill for carrying
on this work, though it will cost a great deal
moie money than I supposed it would when I
voted for it originally; but 1 shall certainly vote
against it on the deficiency bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAH—Me^r> A^len, Badger, Bayard, Brodhead,
Brown, Douglas, Evun--, Eveiett. Fes^f-ndi-n. Fi-^h, Foot,
lluntei, James, Ma^on, Fearce, Pratt, ltu^k, Shields, Stu-
art, and Sumner—^U.
NAYS—Me^rs. Adnins, Atchison, Butler, Clay. Dodge
of \Wtwin, Dodye ot Iowa, Ftl'/patriek, Gwm, Hatnlm,
Jojhn ot Iowa, iVttit, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson ot XevvJerMjy, Wade, Williams, and Wright—17,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to submit the following
i amendment:
j For pavinent of the claim of Thomas N". Johnson for his
| scmet-s as< mai^ha! ,it the port of Shanghai from tlx- 9th of
i liwecinhoi, W.31, to the I5tii of September, 1853, the sum
: ot >'],79e5 Ot.
I submit the letter of the Secretary of State,
! which shows the giound on which the appropria-
tion is proposed to be made.
Several Senators. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I have an amendment which
I wash to offer, to come in as a separate section.
It is for the purpose—which the Senate will see,
I think, upon its being read—of preventing what
is likely to be a very undignified contest between
the two Houses, as to which' shall first order a
document to be printed. It is the following:
fc*fo. ■—. -And he it juithei enacted, That the provision
contained in that portion of the seventh section of the act
