1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
Mr. DTJNHAM. To the 98th. I will read it:
" 98. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Roads and
Canals to take Into consideration all such petitions, and
matters or things relating to roads and canals, and the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers, as shall be presented
or may come in question, and be referred to them by the
Hout-e ; and to repoit thereupon, together with such propo-
sitions relative thereto, as to them shall seem expedient."
Mr. PHILIPS. Will the gentleman under-
take to say that the subject of light-houses does
not properly go to the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. DUNHAM. The subject of light-houses
is not included in the bill to which this resolution
refers. There is noconflict, I apprehend,between
the two committees in reference to the subject of
light-houses. The control of that subject has
always been conceded to the Committee on Com-
merce.
So far as the subject of harbors is concerned, I
present this view of the case: The rule prescribing
the duties of the Committee on Commerce cer- i
tainly has no more reference to the subject of har-
bors than the one I have read. Now, if there are
some matters in that bill which, by an expre^a
rule of the House, goto one committee, and none
"of them to the other, 1 submit it to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Philips] if the bill should
not go to our committee?
The 83d rule reads as follows:
"83. It s hall be the duty of the Committee on Com-
merce to take into consideration all such petitions and
matters oV things touching the commerce of the United
States as shall be presented, or shall or may come into
question, and be referred to them by tho Ifoine ; arid to
report, from time to time, their opinion thereon."
There is nothing in that rule that refers either
to harbors, or rivers, qr canals, but there is some-
thing in the other rul^vjitch does refer to them,
and t therefore apprehend that there is a subject
embraced in this bill which does not properly,
under the rule, go to either of the.se committees;
and also, a subject which does distinctly go to
one committee. I say that the whole thing should
go to that committee which is pointed out by the
rule.
Now, I think there can be no doubt as to what
these rules mean. The one refers to commerce
in the abstract—to matters and things relating to
commerce, as between States, and also as be-
tween this nation and other nations. This rule
merely refers to the channels of commerce, or the
means by which it is to be carried on. The one
question goes to the Committee on Commerce,
the other to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
And, sir, when this House undertake to say
that they will treat that matter which properly
belongs to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and to give it to another committee—I will not
say that the House so intends it—but it certainly
carries with it the inference of a lack of confi-
dence on the part of the House towards this com- I
xmttee. 1
Mr. YATES. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. I would ask whether this sub-
ject has not heretofore been referred, indifferently,
to either committee; and, secondly, whether the
Committee on Commerce has not always reported
the river and harbor bills, and pot the Committee
on Roads and Canals?
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 will answer the inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois. This matter has
heretofore been a mooted question. It has always
been usual to refer these bills to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. This committee was raised
for the purpose of having such questions as this j
referred to it; and it is well known in this House ;
that it is frequently the rase, that when a rule '
stands in the way of the accomplishment of any
particular object, a majority of this House are
usually to be found ready to override the rule; and
under such a practice 1 am willing to concede that •
this subject has been sometimes referred to a com-
mittee to which it does not belong.
In reference to the other inquiry which the
gentleman puts, I will say merely that the gentle-
men is mistaken. I believe that in all cases where
a matter has been referred to the Committee on
Commerce, that committee has reported bills in
regard to rivers and harbors; anil I am inclined to j
think, in no case has the subject been referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; but that
committee has sometimes reported bills of this
kind. I recollect that in the Congress preceding
the last, this subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, of which a colleague
of mine was chairman; and I know that in that case
a bill was reported to this House, and, with that
exception, I think there has never been an instance
in which the subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
But, sir, that is neither here nor there. I
apprehend, that even if that committee has not
done its duty heretofore, no fair inference can be
drawn from that fact that the present committee,
now for the first time organized, and containing,
as it does, perhaps, not a single member who ever
served upon it before, will not discharge its duty
to this House and the country. I apprehend that,
because a man may have held an office under the
Government, and have failed to do his duty and
been discharged, you are not to infer from it that
the man who may succeed him will not do his
duty either. It is a wrong inference, and that is
the very thing that I complain of here. The vote
of this {-louse seems to say to the House and the
country, that they have no confidence in the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and that that
committee will not discharge the duty intrusted to
it. It is a gratuitous charge, if so intended—but
I do not apprehend that it was so intended—
because we have had no opportunity t® show our
hands—whether we will discharge our duty in
this matter or not.
I maintain, then, that so far as the rules of the
House are concerned, this matter should go to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. So far as the
practice of the House is concerned, the piactice
has been, as I have already remarked, to refer this
subject to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
except in cases where a majority of the House has j
taken it from«that committee, because they feared '
that committee, and referred it to some other com-
mittee, where they thought they would have a
better chance of success.
Now, sir, whilst I am upon this point as to
whether that committee will do its duty upon this
subject, I wish to call the attention of the House
to the organization of the committees. Will gen-
tlemen just take their list of committees, and look
over the two committees ? Look at the gentlemen
placed upon the committees—their localities and
the interests they represent. 1 submit to them
whether they see anything in the organization of
the Committee on Roads and Canals that fore-
shadows that this subject of internal improvements
will not receive fair, full, and ample considera-
tion at the hands of that committee' If gentle-
men will look at the organization of the two com-
mittees, they will find that one of them has been
expressly organized with reference to the com-
merce of the country, chiefly of members from the
sea-board, while the other has been taken from the
whole country—not only from the sea-board, but
from the interior, wlieie these improvements exist.
I have no doubt that if members look at the
organization of these committees, they will see
that the Committee on Roads and Canals, from
its locality, is by far the most appropriate com-
mittee to which this subject can be referred.
You will find upon it members not only from
the sea-board but the interior of the northwest,
avid other interior portions of every section of the
country, and that the subject can have fair con-
sideration at the hands of the committee.
I think, therefore, sir, that this vote ought to be
reconsidered; that this matter should be referred
to the appropriate committee; that that committee j
should not be condemned in advance without trial; i
that the matter should be referred to them, and j
then, if they fail to discharge their duty to the
House, the House will have the power of coercion,
either by express order, that the committee shall
report the bill, or by taking the matter from the
committee, and giving it to another.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire merely
to say that I concur fully in the remarks which
have been submitted by the gentleman from Indi-
ana upon this subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Has the gentleman from Indiana
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. WALSH. 1 rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will first state his point of order.
Mr. WALSH. My point of order has refer-
ence to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
what it is.
Mr. WALSH. I understand that, by therulea
of the House, a gentleman must rise from his seat
when he wishes to speak, and address the Chair.
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee has not risen
from his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Tennessee is
regularly on the floor.
Mr. JONES. I desire to know if the gentle-
man from Indiana has yielded the floor to the"
gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Indiana has yielded to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, I think it is high time
to put a stop to this practice, which this House
got into during the last Congress, of permitting
one gentleman to hold the floor for an hour, ana
peddle it round the House. I believe the rule is
that the floor can be yielded for explanation only,
and not for debate.
The SPEAKER. It can be yielded for explan-
ation only.
Mr. JONES. Thegentleman from Ohio knows
the practice which has prevailed heretofore, and I
hope he will not, therefore, think that 1 make this
point for the purpose of depriving him of the
floor. My only wish is that the rules shall be
enforced. The gentlemen are both old members,
and know the abuses that grew out of this prac-
tice during the last Congress, and I hope they will
unite with me in correcting them.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indiana
can only yield the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio for explanation.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will yield my right to the
floor now. I can do that.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I should have
concluded my remarks by this time, had I not
been interrupted by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee; and I do not think it very properly
becomes him to charge any of us with a dispo-
sition to peddle out the floor, and waste the time
of this House.
I desire simply to say that I think there is great
propriety in the suggestions made by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham ] I do not
know that the great question of river and harbor
improvements will find a sufficient number of
friends in this House to carry any bill, if we may
judge of the temper of the majority from the some-
what illiberal character of the recommendations of
the President of the United States in his annual
message; but whether we are in a majority or not,
it is certainly due to the friends of that great sys-
tem that this subject should have a proper direc-
tion at the outset. I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana, that in view of the duties of these
two committees, the Speaker, in their organiza-
tion, has exhibited a great deal of prudence and
discretion. If I understand the duties of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, they appertain particularly
to the external commerce of the country more
than to the improvements of the great thorough-
fares of the commerce of the interior; and by look-
ing at the list of the members of that committee,
it will be seen that the Speaker, in view of this
fact, has given to the sea-board a large representa-
tion upon that committee, whilst, on the other
hand, he has given to the interior a large repre-
sentation uponr the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Then again, sir, the bill of the last Congress to
i which this resolution refers, made appropriations
i for a vast number of improvements in the basin of
i the Mississippi and for the northern lakes; and
i the inquiry directed to be made by this resolution
; is, whether it is expedient and proper to make ap-
propriations for the continuation of those improve-
ments? Now, sir, therearebuttwo representatives
of the great basin of the Mississippi upon the
Committee of Commerce, and it is hardly to be
ii presumed, from the locality of the members of the
i Committee on Commerce, that they will be so
i well-informed in regard to what is expedient and
proper in relation to those appropriations as the
men who represent that section of oui country.
' <\nd sir, whether the system is to rise oriall,!
'! appeal to this House, as one of the representatives
i of the Great West, whether it is not due to the
I friends of the system that such a reference should
' be made as will secure at least a favorable report,
i in order that this House may decide upon it?
j Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I desired to
