1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
last summer, in which you state, in substance, that Mr.
Colt had realized a million of dollars out of his invention ;
and that this fart had he«n proved by witnesses in the
presence of Mr. Colt's counsel, who virtually conceded'the
point."
I do not know who has seen that decision. I
never did. The letter goes on:
"As this statement differs entirely from what Colonel
Colt has now laid bufoic Congress, and shows a profit of
- more than twice as much as now appears."
Now, a million of dollars was said to be the
money that he had realized out of the invention;
and when it is stated, on authority, that that sum
is twice as much as he actually made, it seems to
be conceded that, in point of fact, he made $500,000
profit. When it was very properly observed by
thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] that
that money was realized out of a different patent,
No, said the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. |
Stevens,] this patent is blended with the one
which Congress is now asked to extend, and may
be considered part and parcel of it. And so, if the
gentleman from Michigan is right, Mr. Colt has
secured profit of half a million of dollars on the
patent which we are now to extend. *
But, independently of that, the committee say
that the moneys which he has earned have been
invested in manufactories, and in the means of
carrying out this great enterprise to perfection.
Now, 1 ask, what are these manufactories worth?
There is one, and 1 believe an extensive one, in
Hartford, Connecticut; and can any gentleman
say how much money has been invested there?
There is another of them in London; and can
anybody tell me how much money has been ex-
pended on it? Yet that grand establishment in
Hartford, and its splendid competitor in London,
together with the machinery, tools, and imple-
ments necessary to carry on the manufacture,
have all been realized and earned within the last
two years of the existence of this patent. Now,
what is the value of these manufactories? How
much are the buildings, lands, and machinery in
Hartford and London worth? For whatever
may be the aggregate value of them, that value
has been amassed since a very few years; and
the question is, how long since?
Mr. HUGHES. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, that seems to me to be
going rather too far, [laughter,] when I yield the
floor for a personal explanation, that it should be
given up to a third hand.
Mr. HUGHES. I merely wanted to make an
inquiry.
Mr. CUTTING. T have not the smallest ob-
jection to yield for the purpose. If any other
member has, of course I must go on with my
remarks.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when the chairman of the
committee, in what he read this morning, conceded
that the results, the profits of this manufacture,
have been sufficient to build up these two stupend- !■
ous establishments, the question arises, how long ;
did it require to make these profits? How long •
has it been since Mr. Colt commenced to derive j
such profits from his business? As I understood 1
him this morning, the statement was, that in 1850 j
this patent belonged to the effects of a broken and !
insolvent company, established in Paterson of
which the capital was $230,000, and in which Mr.
Colt owned stock. The chairman of th-e com-
mittee did not say that Mr. Colt paid the money |
for it, but that he owned stock to the amount of j
$50,000. Was this $50,000 worth of stock sub- j
scribed for by him, or was it the price paid for the j
patent by the company to which Mr. Colt as- !
signed and transferred it? %|
A little light on this subject would let us into the.J
understanding of the whole of this matter. When f
the creditors of that company placed its effects '
in the hands of receivers, this patent was put up
and sold at public auction, and Mr. Colt bought
it in, and bought it at the cost of one dollar;
and having bought it for one dollar, he has pro-
ceeded, and since that time—for he was a money-
less man, and without aid—he has gone forward
and started his establishment in Hartford, and
built up a large concern there; has crossed the
seas, established himself in London, and, as I
understand, is now supplying the British army
with pistols of his manufacture, in London; and
all that has been accomplished since IS50. How
much has he made, then, since 1850? What is
the value of all these establishments? 1 ask, for
somebody must know. Does no one answer ?
Was it half a million of dollars? Was it a mil-
lion of dollars? How much has he invested m
those establishments? Only let me alone, says
he; only let me go on for ten years more without
competition, and I will bid defiance to the whole
United States; for then I shall be strong enough
to break down all competition; and the public,
who are interested in these things, must have my
invention, or have none at all.
I was once counsel against Mr. Colt. Have I
given you some good reasons which should justify
the mind in forming an opinion against this bill?
It has been said that this large amount of loss
was made up by ex parte evidence. Is there a !
denial anywhere that the witnesses spoke the !
truth? Did Colt's counsel do anything more than \
to sit by and hear the evidence? Everybody ;
knows that a judicious counsel never cross-ex- j
amines when he makes his case worse by so doing, j
He takes care to let his opponent put in his evi- i
dence, and then he assails it. There is not, then, ;
a denial of the truth of the witnesses' statements ,
anywhere, by anybody. GifFord does not deny |
it. Therefore, I say I shall cast my vote against j
the bill; because, if, since 1850, he has made suffi- j
cient to build up and finish these two magnificent !
establishments, he ought to be satisfied with the i
compensation which he will receive during the !
three years of the unexpired term of his patent; !
and I, for one, will not lend my aid to fetter and
cramp the American people, by extending the pat- I
ent seven years longer, when all the rest of the j
world are at liberty to manufacture the arms as j
much as they please. When they tell me that he ,
has not made money enough out of this patent, I ]
ask for a statement of the profits under oath.
And, in the next place, I take their concession that
he made half a million out of his first patent; and
from what has been said this morning, it appears '
that he has made enough since to build up here
and in London these two establishments, which
are to manufacture for the world.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall not detain the com-
mittee very long with what I have to say in re-
gard to this bill; and, in the first place, I take oc-
casion to remark that nobody representing Mr.
Colt, and nobody on the other side, has Imi any-
thing to say to me in regard to this mailer. I
have made up my opinion without a word from
the friends or enemies of this bill, in regard to
its merits or demerits. I am opposed to this ap-
plication upon the principle that special legislation
by Congress has become the curse of our times,
i There are existing laws in regard to patents which
' prescribe, that when a party or parties desire an
extension and renewal of a patent they shall ap- j
ply, at the Patent Office, to the Commissioner of ,
Patents; that he or they shall lay before the Com- j
missioner certain evidence in regard to it, showing '
the profits which have been made out of it; and ,
if such a case shall have* been made out as
demonstrates to the Commissioner that he or they j
have not received a full and fair compensation for I
their invention, he shall be allowed to extend to \
them the benefits of the patent for seven years j
longer. Now, sir, Mr. Colt went to the Patent !
Office, not a long time ago—for what? Was it for :
the extension of the patent which this bill proposes !
to extend ? That was extended some three or four '
years ago. But when he went there the last time, [:
he went to obtain an extension of a patent for a ,
tc rammer," which he had attached to the pistolj
as a part of his invention. That was denied him. j
At the time he went there he made no statement \
of the profits which he had derived from the mven- ,
tion. Helaid beforetheCommissionernotaparticle ;
of evidence. There is no statement, derived either :
from his affidavit or that of any one else, showing j
what profits he has realized from his original in-,
vention, or from the time the patent was extended, ■
in February, 1850. Why was this ? Why did he I
notcomply with the requisitions of this law, which i
must be complied with in all othei applications? :
I call upon the gentleman from Michigan to say !
whether he knows what Mr. Colt has made out j
of this invention.
I do not know how much j
I answer, in all frankness, I
Mr STEVENS.
Mr. Colt has made.
that I do not know.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I ask the gentleman '
from Michigan whether, as a member of the com-;
mittee to which this matter was entrusted, he I
called upon Mr. Colt to furnish him with evidence,
showing how much had been made out of his in-
vention ? Did he call upon him to know whether
he had been sufficiently compensated?
Mr. STEVENS. I have now in my possession
evidence in the shape of sworn affidavits upon this
point.
Mr. LETCHER. Then why did not the gen-
tleman have those affidavits printed, and give them
to the House. The committee have presented us
with no evidence of the sort in their report, but
here, at the last moment, we are told that an indi-
vidual has affidavits in his pocket, and upon these
pocket affidavits we are asked to pass upon this
measure.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow me
a word ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly I will.
Mr. STEVENS. I stated in my remarks that
I had these affidavits in my possession, but that I
was anxious to take up as little of the time of the
House as possible, and, therefore, I did not have
them read. 1 did, however, state their substance.
But the gentleman now, not very fairly, asitseems
to me, comes forward and charges me with not
having them printed and presented to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the date of those
affidavits ?
Mr. STEVENS. Here they are, and thegen-
tleman can examine them for himself.
Mr. LETCHER. The first thing that strikes
the committee, in connection with this matter, is
the total want of evidence to justify the extension
of this patent. The report made by the committee
upon it contains nothing but what is to be found
in the petition of Mr. Colt asking for the exten-
sion of his patent. And there is another signifi-
cant fact connected with this application and re-
port. You will find that the petition was first
presented to the House by the chairman of the
Patent Committee, on the 19th day of December,
1853, and on the 21st day of December, 1853, tfeis
bill is reported. This is a very significant fact
connected with the case.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, (interrupting.) I de-
sire to ask the gentleman from Virginia one ques-
tion. I want to know whether this committee
are to understand the time occupied by thegentle-
man from Michigan, is to come out of his time?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly,so I understand it.
And if it will be any relief to the gentleman to
know it, I will inform him that I do not intend to
claim any more time. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I am nappy to know
that no more of the time of the committee is to be
consumed under the privilege of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. These affidavits bear date
January 18, 1854. These affidavits furnish all
the evidence which the friends of Mr. Colt rely
upon to secure the extension of his patent, and
those affidavits v/ere taken without notice to his
opponents. The testimony taken, and laid before
the Commissioner of Patents by Colt's opponents
in reference to this case, is testimony which it
was perfectly fair to present—testimony which,
according to the information given by the gentle-
man from Michigan to this committee, was in all
respects fairly taken; for he admits that notice
was given Mr. Colt of" the time and place at which
it was to be taken.
Then if Mr. Colt had due notice, the opponents
of the extension of his patent have shown a dis-
position to deal fairly and-honestly with him.
They have not been willing to take any unfair
advantage of him. The^r have not been willing to
take their testimony, which was to be laid before
the Commissioner of the Patent Office in regard
to this extension, without giving Mr. Colt the
amplest opportunity of showing that the testimony
did not warrant the conclusion that these parties
sought to establish.
But, sir, the gentleman tells the House that
although Mr. Colt had this notice, although it was
important for him to show that the conclusion
was unfounded, yet he declined to examine the
witnesses after the notice was given.
Mr. STEVENS. The counsel of Mr. Colt
was engaged in other business, and elsewhere, and
could not appear, and therefore the matter had to
go by default.
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine if a gentleman has
counsel, and that counsel undertakes to act for him
the principal is bound by the act of his attorney*
