1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
tier oppressor than Austria, and that this Admin-
istration owes its very being and existence to the
slave power, and to the fact that it had been
pledged in advance to that power.
Sir, upon that subject I shall avoid saying any-
thing, except that this Administration, instead of
being pledged to the slave power, or to any other
power, is pledged only to those great principles 1
which have been cherished and adopted by a vast
majority of the American people—principles in
reference to the action of the Federal Government
on the subject of slavery in the States that have
been understood for years, and affirmed and re-
affirmed in every national convention, for the last
twelve years at any rate. They h&ve adopted the
doctrine that this Government was a confederacy
of independent States formed for definite and spe-
cified purposes; that the powers of Congress are j
limited by the Constitution which created Con- |
gress; that the institution of slavery in the States ;
is a local institution, existing by virtue of munic- j
ipal laws over which Congress has no control; j
that it existed at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution; that such being the case, Congress \
had nothing to do in its creation, or with its ex-
istence in any of the States of this Union. |
Mr. GIDDiNGS. Will the gentleman allow J
me a single moment to explain ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York yield the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio.'
Mr. DEAN. I must decline to do so. These
interruptions are very inconvenient.
My colleague [Mr. Smith] said, yesterday,
that this Government was a more guilty oppressor
than Austria; and, by way of illustrating the po-
sition that he took, he made use of a very strong
simile, which I shall not hero repeat. Mr. Chair-
man, were it not for the well-known intelligence
of that gentleman—were it not that he is known,
not only throughout New York, but throughout
the whole United States, as a man not only of en-
lightened philanthropy and entire sincerity—as a
gentleman, and also as a schofar possessing the
very highest intelligence—I should be inclined to
impute to him ignorance of the subject on which
he spoke, to imagine that he could nothaveknown
the system of government which prevails in Aus-
tria, or he never would have made such an assertion .
He could not have known that in Austria the will
of one man is law. He could not have known that
the present Emperor, Francis Joseph, has wrested
from the people a constitution which they com-
pelled him to give them, only four or five years
ago, and that now the police are authorized to
arrest, without warrant, and impiison, any three
men in Austria who may be found standing to-
gether. He could not have known that to-day,
women—women of the highest rank, woman of
education, women of the purest character; ay,
Christian women—are pining in the dungeons of
Austria, merely for political offenses. The gen-
tleman certainly must have forgotten, in his zeal,
the celebrated proclamation of Haynau, a portion
of which I beg leave to read. It is the proclama-
tion of July, 1849, and was addressed to the Hun-
garians who were then engaged in a revolution,
which excited the warmest sympathy, not only
of the American people, but of £very lover of free-
dom throughout the world. Haynau, in address-
ing them on that occasion, said:
" Although the greater majority of you are Germans hy
lanmiase and hy habit, yet, led on by a rascally hern of
words, vou have participated in the chimerical project ot
forming a ltepiibhc " * * 1 " But I cmnfoim to the
magnanimity of my Emperor and master. Heaiken, now-
ever to the voice of an old soldier who has shown how he
keeps his word. Death will be vi-ited, withtmt regard 1o
condition or sex, without delay, and on the spot where the
deed is committed, upon every one : 1. Who attempts to
assist the cause of the rebels, by word or deed, oi by wear-
ins revolutionary emblems. 2. Who dares to iiimiU, by
word or dned, one of niv soldiers, or one <u thf soldier:
my brave allies. 3. V
tion- with the enemies    -, .
kindle the spark ol rebellion by malignant report-*. 4. Who
dares to ^ccrotc aim^—as was, unfortunately, formerly the
case—and does not deliver them during the space of time
appointed by another proclamation of mine."
That proclamation, sir, ordered the death of
every Hungarian who set up for a republican
form of government, without regard to age or
sex; and that proclamation did not proceed from
Haynau; it was authorized by the Emperor of
that country than which ours is said to besuiltier.
But, sir, we need not go back to 1849. We have
only to look at the position of Austria to-day in
the struggle now going on between Turkey and
Russia, which is a struggle for existence on the
part of one of the acknowledged European na- j
tions. Austria, true to its instincts of despotism, j
refuses to allow the telegraph to be used for the i
purpose of transmitting intelligence of Turkish
victories; liberty of the press does not exist there;
and nobody is allowed to publish anything unless
it is in favor of the Government, and approved
by its appointed censors. I say, therefore, that I
must differ from my colleague when he attempts
to institute a comparison between our Govern-
ment and that, which is favorable to the latter.
But, sir, I shall dismiss that subject—it has no
relevancy to the conduct of Captain Ingraham,
or of our Government in sustaining him.
I desire now to call the attention of the com-
mittee for a few minutes to the reasons which in-
fluenced me in introducing the resolutions in rela-
tion to Captain Ingraham. They will probably
come up for action in the House in a few days, and,
as is often the case, there may then be no oppor-
tunity of debating theni at all. I therefore ask
the attention of the committee to the subject now.
The object of introducing these resolutions and
passing tiiem here is not for the purpose merely
of glorifying Captain Ingraham, nor yet for the
purpose of bestowing praise or casting censure
upon this Administration; but it is simply as an
act of justice to a man who, alone, thousands of
miles from his country, has dared to be brave,
prudent, and resolute; and who, in the assertion of
a great principle, has been victorious without the
shedding of blood; and who, by his conduct,
has maintained the great principle of American
law, the right of expatriation, the right of every
man to select his own place of residence, no
matter where he may have been born. It is for
another purpose'—it is to show the world that
American citizenship is worth possessing. Pass
these resolutions, and you say to our people en-
gaged in commerce, and traveling in whatever
country, that wherever American enterprise may
lead them, there American valor will defend; and
that there is no one entitled to the protection of
our Government, no matter how insignificant, but
its whole power, if need be, will be brought to
his aid. And, sir, whether Koszta was a citi-
zen, and entitled to protection as a citizen, or
whether he was a mere stranger and sojourner, it
matters not; he had a paper which led Captain
Ingraham to believe he was a proper subject for
the exercise of power; it was exercised, and he
was rescued; the principle was established, even
if theperson had no right to claim its exercise m his
case. But we are told that he should not be protect-
ed because he was not a citizen, that he had only
declared his intention to become such. I submit
that citizenship has nothing to do with the case.
The question is whether, when a man is entitled to
the protection of the American flag by having re-
sided in this country, and obtained a domicil here,
or having declared his intention to become a citi-
zen of these Slates, or by passport, or in any other
way has placed himself in the situation of a sub-
ject, whether our brave naval officers are not to be
sustained in affording it, even though they may
be compelled to do it at the cannon's mouth. We
have voted swords to Generals Scott and Taylor,
and to otherofficersofourarmy,and unanimously.
We are now called upon, and, in concert with the
President, who has sustained Captain Ingraham,
and the Secretary of the Navy—we being a coor-
dinate and independent branch of the Govern-
ment, the war-making power—to uphold the great
principle involved. It is our duty to do so by
some plain and explicit declaration, and I know
j of no more appropriate and emphatic manner of
! doing it than by adopting the resolutions that
j have been proposed.
Now, sir, I shall not go into any argument to jus-
Who enters' into treasonable eonnec- ' | tify Captain Ingraham. That has been done already
es of tlie Crown, and who attempts to !1 by abler hands than mine, if any arguments
were needed to sustain his conduct, gentlemen can
find them by reference to that woild-renowned
correspondence. If any precedents be needed,
they are cited there; but no precedents, no argu-
ments could make this case plainer. God made
each of us a man before He made him a citizen;
and one has only to refer to the heart that is within
him to justify the act at Smyrna.
I shall detain the committee no longer, Mr.
Chairman. I trust that whenever this matter
comes before the House it will be promptly acted
on, and that the resolutions will be unanimously
passed, and go forth to the world to show that the
American Congress is willing to sustain American
officers^in the defense of American rights,'and the
protection of American citizens, both native and -
adopted.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied to Mr. Dean, and
said, in the course of his remarks, that no man on
this floor—no " free Democrat"—had ever asked
Congress to interfere with slavery; but, on the
contrary, they wished to wash their hands of the
contagion, and leave it to the States in which it
exists. This Government has not the constitu-
tional right to involve him in the turpitade or dis-
grace in the traffic. Any man who seeks to
involve the people of New York, or of any other
State, in the traffic, is an enemy to the human
race, and opposed to the very principles which
Jefferson, Hancock, Adams, and others, pro-
claimed.
He then opposed the recommendation of the
President to indemnify certain citizens of Spain,
growing out of the Amistad affair, anil gave a
history of the case.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALSH next obtained the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to give me the floors moment,
for the purpose of explanation ?
Mr. WALSH. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 desire, then, to say that the
speech just made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] is full of errors, both of law and
of fact; errors which, at some future time, will be
exposed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No threats. No threats.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not propose to make any
threats. I only want to ask that the House will
not prejudge the merits of this case; for, I repeat,
that the argument so elaborately gone into by the
gentleman from Ohio is full of errors, both of law
and of fact.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Which I suppose the gen-
tleman will pledge himself to show.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir, I pledge myself to
show it when the proper opportunity shall pre-
sent itself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Walsh,] who holds
the floor, to give way for a motion that the com- .
mittee rise.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask the gentleman to
allow me a moment for personal explanation.
Mr WALSH. I will yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to take no part in
the discussion of the question now before the
committee, and I should not have troubled the
House with a word, but for an assertion, as I un-
derstood it, made by the gentleman from Ohio,
who has just taken his seat, viz: that a statement
made by a former member from the city of Phila-
delphia was a deliberate and willful misrepresent-
ation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 did not say precisely
that. I said that I considered it as such, and that
I would produce facts to prove that it was such.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not knowing who was
, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in
i 1844, and knowing who was the representative of
! the city of Philadelphia at that time, I felt anxious
to interpose a word with reference to my imme-
diate predecessor. I now understand that refer-
ence was had, not to that gentleman, but to his
kinsman, who then represented a district of Phil-
adelphia county, not adjoining that which is con-
tained in the city.
The reference, however, is to a gentleman and a
scholar, whose fault of being a Democrat of
course I condemn and deeply deplore, but of
whom, m his absence, such a charge should not
be made. He is now onsof my constituents* and
without feeling that I need make myself^ his
champion, I cannot, certainly with propriety,
allow such an imputation—and to be made m the
presence of so many new members—without- ex-
pressing dissent. The statements and arguments
of the report mentioned may be erroneous, but I
cannot think that it is right, in the absence of the
author, to designate them as willful misrepresenta-
i tions. The discrepancies mentioned by the gentle-
! man from Ohio, as occurring in the report, are
' too patent to warrant any supposition of intended
! error.
