790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
this body upon that subject. They represent that
we keep up a large diplomatic establishment for
the purpose of securing and extending the rights
and interests of commerce; and that the rights of
conscience are of not less consideration to a large
proportion of the people of the United States.
And as we concede to all denominations, to all
religious sects, Protestants, Roman Catholics,
Jews, and even Mohammedans, the full enjoyment
of the rights of conscience in this country, it is a
proper and rightful subject for negotiations with
foreign nations. They think, on this ground, we
may justly claim some reciprocity of privilege on
our part, especially with those civilized nations
which are in amity with the United States.
I am aware that the Executive branch of this
Government has interested itself heretofore in tins
subject, and I believe that some treaties have been
made securing the privileges of our citizens m this
respect, both with the States where the Roman
Catholic is the established religion, and with Pro-
testant States; but perhaps a great deal more can
be done. Since the £reat increase of the facilities
of travel abroad, and the extension of our com-
merce, we know th&t a very general interest is
awakened in regard to those of our citizens who
are traveling in foreign countries. The religious
people of the United States particularly are deeply
concerned when they find, that m many countries
of Europe their fellow-citizens are obstiucted in
the exercise of the right of religious worship, in
accordance with their own conscientious convic-
tions. Our citizens who ate traveling abroad for
information or for pleasure are becoming very
numerous; and this subject, therefore, is one of
great importance. I have heard from othersources,
and indeed I have seen some cases myself, where
even the rights of sepulture have been denied,
under circumstances calculated to awaken a very
deep interest in the religious communities of the
United States.
I know, sir, that there would be great dclicaoy
on the part of the Government m pressing tins
subject with many of the States of Europe, but
it seems to me that the Government might well
do so without committing itself to anything im-
proper. I think that by opening negotiations with
other Governments, and representing to them the
extensive privileges in this respect winch we con-
cede in this country, we might obtain some reci-
procity ftom those countiie.s which are in amity
with us, and with whom we have extensive com-
mercial and social intercourse, at least there is
ground for such an expectation. I think thus might
well enough be pressed without committing the
Government to any oiFenmve course or any strin-
gent measures for that purpose. 1 move that the
memonal be referred to the Committee on Foreign |
Relations. i
The motion was agreed to. |
NEBRASKA TERRITORY BILL. '
Mr. l>Af)GKit. I d esire now to present the
remonstrance to which I alluded a few days ago,
of David W lute, senior, and forty-two others, citi-
zens of North Carolina, against the passage of the
Nebraska lull Among the signatures which are
appended to it, I find sixteen of the name of White.
I presume they are all members of the respectable
Religious Society of Fi iends in various parts of the
State. I merely wish to mention that their oppo-
sition to the bill is grounded upon the supposition
that the provision in the bill to which objection is
made will be an act of injustice or some breach of
national faith; and as J have every reason to be-
lieve, from the character of the remonstrants, as far
as i know them, and from the fact that they are
citizens of North Carolina, that they are reason-
able and just men, I think it highly piobable that
by this time, after the discussion which has taken
place, they have found that they were entirely
mistaken, and that the bill is neither unjust norm
violation of the national faith, and have therefore
withdrawn their opposition to it. I movethatthe
remonstrance he upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. FISII presented the petition of owners of
tug or towing steamboats employed in the reve-
nue district of New York, praying that all such j
boats not carrying passengers may be exempt '
from the inspection required by the act of August i
30, 1852; which was referred to the Committee !
on Commerce. j
| Mr. STUART presented a memorial of citizens
! of Michigan residing in the country bordering on
; Lake Superior, praying the improvement of the
i harbors on that lake; which was referred to the
i Committee on Commerce.
i Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of A. C.
! Carter and others, praying for further protection
11 against the infringement of patents; which was
1 referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
: Also, two petitions of citizens of New Jersey,
remonstrating against any infringement of the Mis-
> souri compromise; which were ordered to lie on
, the table.
! Air. BAYARD presented a petition of citizens
■ of Delaware, praying that the duty on galvanized
; iron, and galvanized tinned iron, may be increased;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GWIN piesented the petition of Juan
i Manuel Luco, and Jose Leander Luco, praying
| permission to file their evidence of title to a certain
i tract of land in the State of California before the
. Board of Commissioners for settling claims to
lands in that State; which was i eterred to the Com-
, miltee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. PETT1T, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Jean Baptiste Beaubien, of Illinois, praying in-
demnity for the loss of certain lands m the city of
Chicago, in said State, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was
tend, and passed to a second leading. The report
was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom were referred
documents relating to the claim of Thomas
Rhodes, for compensation for improving the mail
road between Mobile and New Orleans, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a hill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred a bill to authorize
the sale of Rook Island, m the State of Illinois,
and for other purposes; and the petition of David
B. Sears, praying the right of preemption to a
oeitain tract of land, settled and improved by him,
reported the bill back with an amendment, in the
form of a snhstifute
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a petition of
the representatives of Thomas E. Anderson, for
extra services rendered by him as Consul at Tri-
poli, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief. The bill was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. ISRODrJEAD, it was
Onlrrerf, Tii;tt the nirtii'iri.ii of L. K. Jj. A. La'.vsmi be
i withdraw n lium tlx; lilt-h of ilie rieimte, ;uul relerrud to tlie
Committee on the Judiciary.
, On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Orilereil, Tb.it tiic petition of William l);i\is tie vvith-
, ill awn from the 1 i! ■ - - ot the Senate, and relened to the Com-
mittee on Nuvtil AlV.urs.
| JOHN GUZMAN.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the lelief of John
| Guzman, of Louisiana; which was read, and
| ordered to a second reading.
! ^ Mr. SL1DELL. I ask the Senate to put that
bill Upon its passage now. 1 am sure that when I
the report, which is a very shoit one, is read, there |
will be no objection on the part of the Senate to ]
its passage. ;
Mr. PETTIT. I am satisfied, after a thorough j
investigation of the subject, that the lull ought to j
pass. It will not occupy any length of time to j
act upon it now. |
The bill was read a second time by unanimous 1
consent, and considered as in Committee of the !
Whole. j
It proposes to confirm to John Guzman a cer- j
; tain tract of land described in the bill, which con- i
firmation is to recognize his claim to the school
section embraced in it, if the school authorities
accede to it, and will take other land m lieu of it.
It is provided, also, that the confirmation of bis
title shall only operate as a relinquishment forever
on the part of the United States, and shall not in-
terfere with any other adverse rights which may
exist to any part of the land claimed.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
, third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
| REVENUE LAWS.
| Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce,
I to whom was referred the amendment from the
House of Representatives, to the joint resolution
I of the Senate, authorizing the expenses of codify-
, mg and revising the revenue laws, have directed
: me to report it back, and to recommend that the
I Senate concur in the amendment. I ask that it
1 may be considered at this time.
The Senace accordingly proceeded to consider
the amendment of the House. ,
It is to strike out all after the resolying clause,
and insert the following:
That there be, and hereby is, approptiated nut of any
; money 111 the Tieasnrj not otherwise appropriated, $5,00()7
I or so much thereof as may be necessary, to pay for prepar-
; me a general revenue law in accordance with the resolution
i of the Annate, passed in January 18W, and the necessary
j expenses ; and that the Secretary of ihe Treasury report to
I Congress at its meeting, in December next, the items of
! such pa) and expenditure.
j Mr. HAMLIN. That proposes to strike out
! $10,000 and insert $5,000, which I suppose will
1 pay the expenses of codifymgup to this time,and
perhaps something more. It would hare been far
wi«ei, in my judgment, to pass the Senate resolu-
tion as it went to the House. But the House has
not done so; and 1 am instructed to report, as I
have done,in favorof concurring; but, at the same
time, 1 state, that when the civil and diplomatic
bill comes to the Senate, from a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury which I have, it will be
necessary to make an additional appropriation.
The amendment was concurred in.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives " to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1854;" the pending question being
upon the amendment of Mr. Badger to add the
following as an additional section:
Skc.—. Jlndhc it further cnacted, That the provision
contained in that portion of the seventh section ot the act
of' Anyu^t 5i6  18.32, entitled "An act to provide for exe-
i cutuig the public pmiimg, and establishing the puces
thereof, and lor other purpo?es," which provides, that when
! anv document «hall be ordered to be printed by both
j Houses of Congres-, the entire printing of such document
i shall be done by the printer of that House which first or -
! dered the frame, is hereby repealed; and when different
printers are elected, each shall do the printing lor the House
; electing him ; and mi much oI the printing tor the Exeeu-
, live Department-* and Bureaus of the Government as is or-
! deied by the said act to be done bv the public punter shall
1 be divided cquuliy between the printers of the two Housed.
j Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the amend-
; ment, by adding the following:
; Provided, That fiom and aftei the 3d day of March, 1855,
1 the said act, entitled '' An act to provide tor executing the
1 public printing, and for othei purposes,be, and the same
■ is heieby, repealed: *dnd jnov-idcd also, That no contract or
j engagement made by either ot the Executive Departments,
j or the authority of either Ilmite of Congiess, under and by
I \irtue of the provisions ot said actbclore the time of the
; repeal, shall be vacated or impaired, and no law or resolu-
, tion repealed by >aid act shall, by the repeal thereof, be
: revived or enforced.
; Mr. President, the object which I have in offer-
i ing that amendment is to place the question of
; the public printing in such position that it maybe
fairly considered m both Houses of Congress, as
to the ultimate system which is to be adopted.
My own views of the proper system I have sub-
mitted m a bill, which was adversely reported upon
by the Committee on Printing. That bill I still
intend, during the session, to call up and ask the
sense of the Senate upon it. I wish it to stand in
a position in which it may have fair play; and I
am perfectly aware, that while the existing law-
stands it will be very easy to overthrow the bill
and prevent its being carried through, even though
a majority of Congress be in its fuvor. But if
you provide that after the 3d March, 1855, there
shall be no law upon the subject, except what in
the interim you may pass, then I think a fair con-
sideration of the whole subject will be had and a
proper bill will be passed, and whenever such a
bill is passed after discussion, and on the deliber-
ate convictions of Congress, I shall be willing to
abide by it in every respect. That is the object
of my amendment.
Mr. FiTZPATRlCK. I am opposed to the
amendment. I am very well satisfied that there is
