80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22.
Mr. FLORENCE. And no other gentleman
fromvPennsylvania on this iloor would willingly
slfeie what he believed to be untrue.
1 Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Walsh] will favor me with the
floor for one moment. I trust he will extend to
me the sam'e courtesy he extended to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. "Will the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. WALSH. I feel under an obligation to
decline the request.
[Loud cries of " Go on!" " Go on !"]
Mr. WALSH. I had intended to make some
remarks at length on this question, but I have too
much regard for the feelings of an already ex-
hausted House, and too much respect for myself,
to indulge in those remarks to-day.
I am not so desirous of making a speech that I
will attempt to do so now, but shall confine my-
self to one or two suggestions in regard to the
course which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] has undertaken to-day. Among theo-
logians, as a general thing, when a man undertakes
to be pious, when he gets what, in theological par-
lance, is called religion, he is taken kindly by the
hand and is prayed for, and encouraged. He is not
repelled and repulsed. And when one of my Soft
friends from New York, who is in what may be
said to be a chrysalis state of Abolitionism, and
is gradually softening, and becoming encouraged
by the regularly-avowed Abolitionists, might be
soon found, after the patronage of the President
is entirely disposed of, and all the inducements
for men to belie and falsify their humanity have
passed—I say, when such men might be found
gradually softening until they are dissolved in
the political cess-pool of their Abolitionism, I think
it is at least impolitic, not to say ungenerous, on
the part of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] to have met these attempts which the Softs
of New York have been so studiously making,
when freed from the contaminating influences of
political partisans, to renew the coalition which
they once formed with them in 1848. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the other day a couple of gentlemen
stood upon this floor gratuitously to vindicate an
Administration which has not been assailed in this
House. They thought to draw the true men of
New York from their position into an attack upon
this Administration—which they never have con-
templated; but we have proved ourselves too good
tacticians to be caught by that dodge. It was not
a little strange, it was not a little ominous, that
this gratuitous, this uncalled-for defense of the
Administration, should have come from men—the
one a Free-Soiler and the other a Whig—both
opposed to the principles on which Franklin
Pierce was whirled into the White House. Sir,
when the time comes—and it has not come yet—
New York will utter her voice; but, thus far, I,
and those who cooperate with me, have sat in our
seats like orderly and respectable citizens, and
like quiet and sincere Christians. [Laughter.]
We have sat still and watched and prayed, and
the result of it has been a beautiful quarrel be-
tween the Abolitionists of the strongest grade and
the incipient Abolitionists—a quarrel which 1 have
no disposition to  poil. [Laughter ] But, sir,
let.me tell this House that when the time does
come for New York to speak—when the time
arrives for the true Democracy of New York to
tell the Administration, or this House, or the
country, what they think of its course, New
York will speak in language that will admit of no
two interpretations. New York will speak in lan-
guage that nobody will misunderstand. Until
that happy day arrives, I shall content myself
with returning to my quiet and orderly position.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor, but yielded it to
Mr. RIDDLE, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
"(Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE. .
Thursday, December 22, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Willuam H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Messrs.
Hamlin, Thomson, of New Jersey, Dawson,
Pear.ce, and Johnson, the select committee to con-
sider the bill "to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of the claims of American citi-
zens for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the 31st day of July, in the year 1801.M
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I wish, be-
fore the call for petitions, to submit a motion
which I believe is even now in order. It is in
respect to the adjournment over. As next Sun-
day will be Christmas day, and as Monday will
be devoted to the usual Christmas festivities, in-
stead of submitting the usual motion for an ad-
journment over from Thursday to Monday, I
move that when the Senate adjourns to-morrow, it
will adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of the heirs
of Captain John Burnham, asking indemnity for
losses sustained by their father during his cap-
tivity in Algiers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of A. V.
Toomer and others, praying remuneration for a
church destroyed by the British army in the war
of the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr SEWARD. I move that the memorial and
papers in the case of Horace Southmayd & Son,
of New York, praying the return of duties im-
posed on a cargo of goods imported into Mexico
during the late war, be withdrawn from the files
and referred to the Committee on Finance. I am
requested by the applicants to say that this me-
morial has been for six years before the Senate of
the United States. It has every year been refer-
red to the appropiate committee, but has never yet
been reported upon. I take the freedom, there-
fore, under the circumstances of the case, to invite
to it the attention of the Committee on Finance.
Leave was granted.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the heirs of John
Morgan, deceased, be withdrawn from the files, and refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That Die petition of Albert G. Howell be with-
drawn from the tiles of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Private Laud Claims.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Darby be with
drawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claun .
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Abigail Staf-
ford he withdrawn from the files, arid referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On'motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James II.
West, ot Bn>tol, Rhode Island, be withdrawn from the
files, and referred to the Committee on Foieign Relations.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordeied, That the petition of William Jones, late of
Massachusetts, and the papers in the case of Elizabeth Ar-
nold, of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lieutenant
William I>. Porter be withdiawn fiom the files., and re-
feried to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the rase of B. Piemont and
Max Woodhull, be withdrawn from the files of the Seriate,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers relative to the
claim of Pripcilia Prewott, b<; withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the papers,
petitions, and memorials on the files of the Senate,
which were presented during the last Congress,
relating to the bill granting further remedies to pat-
entees, may be withdrawn from the files, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, to which the bill was referred.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Claims, to
which was referred the memorial of Hodges &
Ladsdale, and the legal representatives of Rinaldo
Johnson, and of Ann E. Johnson, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Richard M. Boughton, George Wright, and the
widow of Marvin W. Fisher, reported a bill for
their relief; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a bill to reimburse the Common
Council of New York city for expenditures made
for the first regiment of New York vulunteers, re-
ported the bill back, and recommended its pas-
sage.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution.
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to take
into eonsidetation the several resolutions and orders of the
Seriate providing for the appointment and prescribing the
dunes of its officers, to report luies and regulations, fixing
the number of such officers and subordinates, classifying
them and fixing their compensation, prescribing the mode
of appointment and dismissal from office, and effecting such
organization generally, as better to insure their responsibil-
ity and efficiency; the committee to consist of three mem-
bers, to be appointed by the President pro tempore.
At the last session, it will be remembered that
I intimated a purpose to offer a resolution of this
character at the commencement of the present
session. 1 have been satisfied, after some inquiry
and some experience, that the organization of the
corps of officers ^f this body requires some in-
vestigation and remodeling. I do not propose to
ask for the consideration of the resolution now, as
it will be printed, as a matter of course, and I pre-
sume the Senate will take it into consideration at
an early day after the first of January.
Mr. DAWSON. Why not consider it now ?
Mr. MASON. If there be no objection, I
would be glad to have it considered now.
Mr. GWIN. Is the resolution now on its pas-
sage ?
Mr. MASON. I stated, when the Senator was
not present, that I had no disposition to urge its
consideration now; but Senators suggested that
t should be acted upon at the present time.
Mr. GWIN. I prefer that it should lie over
for a day for further consideiation, though 1 do
not know that I have the least objection to it.
However, I will not be alone in making objec-
tions to its consideration now.
The resolution was agreed to.
POST OFFICE ORDERS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Ofhce and
Post Roads be directed to consider the expediency of pro-
viding for the convenience and security of remittances
abroad m small sums, by authorizing orders or drafts from
our post office on foreign post offices with winch it is in
correspondence, constituting an international system of post
office orders.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO SENATE RULES.
Mr. BADGER gave notice of his intention to
introduce a resolution to amend the 48th rule of
the Senate.
WIDOW OF CAPTAIN GUNNISON.
Mr. CASS. I have a resolution to propose, to
the consideration of which, at this time, I hope
there will be no objection. It is one which should
claim our immediate attention. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to the
widow of jCaptam Gunnison, late of the Army, and recently
killed by the Indians in Utah while in the perfoimance of
his duty.
Mr. GWIN. Were there not other persons
massacred on the occasion alluded to in the reso-
lution ?
Mr. CASS. I believe so.
Mr. GWIN. Will it not be necessary, if they
