1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
a difficulty attending the two Houses, as the law
in relation to the public printing' now stands. The
House of Representatives has, at this session,
elected one printer, and the Senate another; and that
raises a difficulty. But it seems to me that, without
going into the merits of the amendment, it is alto-
gether out of place. That amendment has no ref-
erence to the bill under consideration, which is a
bill making appropriations to provide for deficien-
cies incurred in the operations of the Government.
Here is an amendment that has no kindred posi-
tion to that; and it seems to me that if the Senate
understood the facts correctly the amendment
would not be pressed to the bill.
Conceding, however, that a majority of the Sen-
ate are inclined to adopt some provision for the
purpose of remedying the existing evil, it occurs j
to me, without a thorough investigation of the ;
subject, that the expense involved in the adoption ,
of the amendment would be sufficient to deter the |
Senate from annually entailing upon the Govern- i
ment the great amount which will be incurred by i
it. If I am not mistaken the chairman of the Com- '
mittee on Printing [Mr. Hamlin] has in his pos-
session statistics which, from his position, hehas
obtained, and which, 1 presume, at the proper
time, he will lay before the body, to sustain the
position which I take. The fact cannot be denied
that there is a difficulty in disposing of the print-
ing to be done for this body in connection with
the House of Representatives, as the law now
stands. That is a question which the committee
has now before it; it has caused more or less em-
barrassment; but even in order to obviate a diffi-
culty of that kind by entailing a heavy expense
upon the Treasury of thecountry, it seems to me
Senators should pause before they attempt to in-
graft it upon this bill. If I am not incorrectly in-
formed, the change proposed by the amendment
will make a difference of between $10,000 and
$15,000 a session. Connected as I am with the
Committee on Printing, I am satisfied that there
should be some modification of the law, but notin
the mode contemplated by the amendment. I
think a provision could be .made which would not
entail on the Treasury the very heavy expense
which would be entailed by this amendment at
each annual session of Congress.
Now, what is proposed here? Because there is
a disagreement between the House of Representa-
tives and the Senate in the selection of the gentle-
men who are to execute their printing, it is pro-
posed to obviate the difficulty by incurring this
extraordinary expense. If I am not mistaken,
by the most clear and conclusive calculation, as
demonstrated by the gentleman who has in charge
the public printing of the country, the increase of
cost will be between §10,000 and $15,000. I do
not wish to be understood as taking side with this
or that printer. 1 am perfectly content, as the
majority of the body has elected a gentleman to
transact the public printing, that we shall put it
in such a form that the work for this body shall
go to him; and, far from opposing, I would invite
an amendment in the way of some modification of
the law as it now stands, which would rid it of
the difficulty which is now encountered in the dis-
position of the work. The law under which the
printers have been'elected, if I am not mistaken,
contemplates that the same printer shall do the
work for both Houses of Congress. It goes upon
that hypothesis—that the work shall be done by
the same printer; but that happens now not to be
the fact.
Mr. BAYARD. It provides that each House
shall elect separately.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I know that it provides i
that each House shall elect a separate printer; J
but, if you scrutinize the law, I say you will see ;
that it must have been the sense of Congress I
that the work should be done by the same printer. |
Look at the difficulty which has arisen, and I !
presume that is the reason for offering the amend- I
ment. The law provides, that all the printing j
of any work which is ordered to be done by !
either House of Congress shall be done by the j
printer of the House which first orders its print- 1
mg. Now, look at the difficulty whieh has arisen :
from this provision in a special case. Some
weeks ago the mechanical portion of the report of ]
the Patent Office was sent to this body, and or- j
dered to be printed. As a matter of course, it |
went to the printer of the Senate. After that, the ]
agricultural portion of the report was sent in to, I
and ordered to be printed by, the House. The
contest is now, who is entitled to the printing of
that second portion? It is an adjourned question.
It is an undetermined question now before the
joint committee of the two Houses; and how are
we to dispose of it? it is a legal question, to be
determined by legal investigation, in order to see
which, according to the law, is entitled to the
printing of the first and second parts.
Now, if the honorable Serfator who has offered
the amendment will put it in such a form as to
remove the difficulty, without incurring the heavy
expense which is here contemplated, I assure him
I am not disposed to thwart the action of this body
in the selection of its printer, and 1 will vote for
any amendment which will not entail on us the
expense which his amendment will entail. As it
is, we are meeting difficulties at every point. 1 am
anxious to obviate these difficulties; but I am not
anxious to obviate them at the heavy and extra-
ordinary expense which will be entailed upon the
country by theamendment. If the honorable Sen-
ator who has offered it, or any other Senator, will
offer such an amendment as will carry our print-
ing to the printer of this body, ridding it of the
expense which the pending amendment will incur,
and lead to no more expense than is already in-
curred under the present law, I am prepared to say
that the Senate should be gratified in giving its
printing to him who has been selected by the ma-
jority of the body. I have no feeling on the sub-
ject. I am not opposing the amendmentsimply to
benefit this individual or that; but I want to obvi-
ate the difficulty and relieve the Committee on
Printing from the responsibility which now at-
taches to it. At the same time, however, I do not
like to incur the extraordinary expense, which
will ensue, if the amendment be adopted.
It seems to me that the Senator who has offered
the amendment could devise some plan by which
the power could be delegated to the committee, or
to tiie Superintendent of the Public Printing, to
parcel out the work to the printers, and to require
the press-work, and other materials to be used in
common, without throwing upon the Government
this heavy outlay of money. It seems to me that
such an amendment could be offered without dif-
ficulty. In such a case the Superintendent of the
Public Printing might determine, when the work
was ordered by one House, and afterwards also
by the other, that the same press-work and every-
thing else should be used for it by the gentleman
who prints for the body last making the order. It
is not, therefore, for the purpose of showing any
favoritism to this press or to that press, but it is
for the avowed object of bringing this to the no-
tice of the Senate, to admonish the body of the
consequences that will ensue, if the amendment
be adopted, that I have submitted these remarks.
It was but the other day that I spoke to a distin-
guished gentleman on this floor, and told him that
the law as it now stands, and as the printers are
now selected, throws difficulties, in the execution
of the law, before the committee—and difficulties
which will be found to be serious. But is it not
possible that we can now agree to place the print-
ing upon such a footing as to avoid the increased
expense, and at the same time award our printing
to the gentleman who has been selected by this
body ? It is not with the view of preventing that
that I am combating the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina; but it is with the sole
view of impressing upon the Senate the idea that
I believe this can done, while at the same time we
can avoid an extraordinary expense. I have no
feeling for this gentleman or for thatgentleman, so
far as the printing is concerned. I am willing at
all times to yield to the majority who have at their
pleasure selected a gentleman to discharge the
work, and to award him what we order to be
printed; but I do not wanttodo it underthe heavy
penalty imposed by the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I regret very much to differ
on this occasion from the Senator from Alabama.
Ordinarily he is right; but if I understand the ob-
ject proposed by tliis amendment, it is simply this:
each branch of Congress is authorized, under the
existing law, to elect a printer for its own printing.
Under the law as it now stands, the Senate and
the House of Representatives each elects a printer.
This proposition is simply that the printer elected
by the Senate shall have the control of the printing
which may be ordered by the Senate;and that the
printer who is selected by the House of Represent-
atives shall, in like manner, have the control of
the printing ordered by that body. If there be
any defect m the law as it now exists, itisin this:
that we are allowing other persons to'have the
control of an office which, under the existing law,
we are authorized to fill. We may elect a public
printer, who is ostensibly the printer of the Sen-
ate; and yet, under the la'w as it now stands, by
the agency of some other body, or by trickery or
management, that office may be rendered en-
tirely valueless. It is to prevent that; itis to make
the officer or the Senate independent of the action
of the other branch of Congress, and to give him
the control of that printing which we nmy choose
to order, that this proposition is made. That is
the principle incorporated in the amendment, and
that is the whole of it.
So long as we elect a public printer, I should
like to know upon what ground my friend from
Alabama would concede to the other House of
Congress, or to any of the Departments, or to the
Superintendent of the Public Printing, thedecision
of the question as to the amount of printing which
should be done by that officer? If it is found in-
expedient to have the two officers, the two print-
ers, one to each branch of Congress, let us abolish
the law, let us change it; but so long as our public
printer is intended to be independent of the other
branch of Congress, let us retain to ourselves th^ex-
clusive right of directing what amount of printing
shall be done by him. That is the whole object of
the amendment. Why should it be otherwise?
Why should we connect these two public printers
any more than the duties of the other officers of the
Senate and the House ? Why not have a connection
between the Sergeants-at-A rms of the two branches .
of Congress? If you intend that, in regard to the
public printing, each branch of Congress shall be
independent—if you claim the right for each
branch of Congress to select its public printer—
let the duties of the two printers be so separated
that there never can be any conflict between the
two branches of Congress as to who shall do the
public printing. Everybody knows that there has
been a contest as to which branch should first
order the printing of any important public docu-
ment, for the purpose of giving it a direction to
the printer of either this or the other branch.
The amendment, in my judgment, is simply a
proposition to dissolve the connection—to make
our printer independent of the other branch. Let
each one take care of its own officers; let each
branch of Congress be responsible for what print-
ing it orders; and then the people will know where
to attach the blame, if any blame there be.
Mr. BAYARD. As I never desire to embar-
rass the amendment of any other gentleman I
will withdraw my amendment. I think, however,
that the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina only illustrates the evil of the whole law
as it now stands. You have got one of two evils
to encounter: You must either adopt the amend-
ment, and increase, to some extent—I do not
know to what extent—the expenditures of the
public printing; or, on the other hand, if you do
not pass the amendment, it will lead to an undig-
nified scramble between the two Houses of Con-
gress as to which shall dispense the greatest
amount of patronage to the printer elected by it.
I consider the whole systerfr corrupt and corrupt-
ing. It makes the printer connected with the
public press a stipendiary of Congress. It reacts
upon, and injures the body; and it also tends to
corrupt that which is a power for evil as well as
for good—the press. It is my intention, inde-
pendent of this amendment, which I withdraw for
the present, to take the sense of the Senate on
the propriety of continuing a system which has,
in my belief, such deleterious results on the whole
political morals of the country. I withdraw my
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Bad-
ceb's amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina. I have
no doubt that it will add something to the expense
of the printing of the two Houses, but 1 have no
id,ea that it will add anything like what the Sena-
tor from Alabama imagines. There can be at
present no means of making an accurate estimate
as to what the additional expense will be. Un-
doubtedly it will add something; but unless we do
this, we shall have to engage in that scramble to
which the Senator from California so well refers.
