1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
the manufacturing of arms, so as to compete
with Mr. Colt ? I do not know how that fact may
be. if I could put a question so derogatory to
the honor of my learned friend from New York,
how would he answer? I shall not undertake to
say. But I might ask the gentleman from New
York another question. I might ask him whether
he would have opposed the extension of Mr.
Colt's patent, if there had not been exertions used
on the other side of the question. We were told
by the perfectly disinterested and patriotic gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that
money, in hundreds and thousands of dollars, had
been offered here to buy up members. Who, I
ask him, who ?
Mr. CUTTING, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man says that he might do such a thing, and he
might do another. He might ask me such a ques-
tion, and he might ask me another. No w, I ask him,
whether he does ask me such a question ? Because,
if he does, I will answer it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, really I would like
to know, but I do not like to give up my time.
Mr. CUTTING. I am willing to answer, and
I should like to know whether he asks me.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, I will ask the gen-
tleman, if he has any constituents who have been
engaged in the manufacture of arms, or who desire
to engage in that business?
Mr. CUTTING. Then, in answer to that in-
quiry, I reply, that no human being, manufacturer
or otherwise, rich or poor, capitalist or impover-
ished, has ever opened his lips to me upon the
subject, excepting upon two occasions, one when
I was solicited to vote for the bill, and upon the
occasion when the attorney of those who once
employed me, begged me to go for it. Is the gen-
tleman answered?
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, it is a sort of law-
yer-like answer. [Laughter.]
Mr. CUTTING. Then up and down, hori-
zontally, vertically, and diagonally, and in every
shape and form I answer no. Is the gentleman
answered now ; fReriewed laughter.]
Mr McMULLIN. How did Ihe gentleman
happen to appear as counsel? Who employed
him ?
Mr. CUTTING. Somegentlemen had the bad
taste to suppose that I could be of service to them,
and they parted with their money in consideration
of my services. [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, I do not think they
displayed bad taste or bad judgment, for if I hud*
a cause in court I should like to have the gentle-
man for my counsel, for I consider him as one of
the most adroit and astute legal gentlemen upon
this floor. [Laughter.]
But I have been diverted from my course of re-
marks. We have been told by the gentleman
from North Carolina that money has been spent,
in this case, to buy up members of Congress. Or,
to be more particular, for I wish to state the gen-
tleman correctly, he sti^ed that he had been in-
formed that thousands of dollars had been offered
to induce members of Congress, either to vote for
the bill, or to absent themselves—that is, in other
words, to dodge. I should like to have the gen-
tleman from North Carolina name the man.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have repeated my state-
ment once or twice. I suppose it was this: that
friends of members had said to them that they
would make large sums of money, if this bill
passed—thousands of dollars. Two hundred
thousand was the last sum I heard mentioned. A
gentleman said to me it would be worth ^200,000
to him. My statement was, that friends of mem-
bers had said to them that, if this bill passed, they
would make so much—some of them spoke in
thousands and some in hundreds.
I went on further to state, that I did not believe
that members would be influenced'by that sort of
pressure. Of course, I supposed that this House
would see, that if these allegations were well
founded, and Mr. Colt could afford to give so
much money, he must have been doing a good
business.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am not prepared to say
what has, and what has not been done outside. I
hope and believe that no gentleman in this House,
is capable of allowing himself to be influenced by
any such means, either in or out of this House.
I am as much opposed as the gentleman from
North Carolina can be, to those outside influences,
but agents there are here, and agents there ever
have been, and ever will be. We are all aware of
that fact, and of the effect. It has been the cus-
tom of the country, and surely the gentleman from
North Carolina does not mean to leave the im-
pression upon this House and upon the country,
that Mr. Colt is liable to the charge which his
language would seem to imply, of intending
directly, or indirectlyyto influence the members of
the American Congress to give a vote in violation
of their duty, and the oath which they have taken.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 never saw Mr. Colt in
my life, nor did i ever see his opponents; I do not
know any one of them. I merely said that these per-
sons represented that they would get large sums
of money. Well, if it comes from Mr. Colt, I
cannot understand how he can afford to pay it,
unless he has been doing a large and profitable
business. I do not know that the money comes
from him, but I should imagine that Mr. Colt has
some connection with the matter; he may not have
directly, with these particular persons. He has
gentlemen in his employ, gentlemen who are his
professed attorneys,and they have the undoubted
right to use all the arguments, and all the solici-
tations they choose.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I stated
that i do not know Mr. Colt, nor do I know who
his agents here are. My attention was called to
this subject by a southern gentleman, at a time
when 1 had not determined how I should vote
upon it. A gentleman who had traveled exten-
sively, who had attended the World's Fair, in
London, approached me upon the subject, and
asked me how I was going to voteupon the Colt's
pistol case. I told him I did not know. He said
■ he hoped the whole united Virginia delegation in
Congress would go for it. I asked him why ? lie
replied that when in England, two years since, to
attend the World's Fair, he heard everywhere
American enterprise and American articles spoken
of with repioaeh, because of the want of skiil dis-
played in their manufacture. But when Colt's
pistols came to be examined, they were pronounced
to be superior to anything known in Europe or
elsewhere. He said that he then felt proud that
he was a Virginian and an American citizen, and
that I, as such, ought to encourage an inventor who
had brought so much honor and credit to the
country. And, sir, my colleague, [Mr. Letcher,]
although he opposes this measure with so much
zeal as a member of thisHouse, would, as a private
citizen, yield to this discovery all the advantages
that are claimed for it. There are men in this
House, who were in the Army during the late
Mexican war, who will bear ample testimony to
the usefulness of the invention. They will tell
you that the red men of the forest were terror-
stricken by these fire-arms; that they could not
comprehend them; and that they struck terror to
their hearts as effectually as Old Hickory himself
would have done if he had been alive and present.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) If the gen-
tleman will yield to me for a moment, I desire to
say a word more in reference to the outside influ-
ences which have been brought to bear upon mem-
bers in connection with this bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 have no more time to
spare; but I will yield to the gentleman, if he will
be brief.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believe there have been
a good many pistols given away to members of
Congress; and I take it for granted that the gen- j
tlemen who have gjiven them away are connected ;
with this application. 1 do not intend to say that j;
the vote of any member has been influenced from I,
any such source. I do not believe any such thing. !
1 do not say that it would be improper for a mem- I
ber to receive one of these pistols. This is a j
matter that every gentleman must determine for •
himself. Perhaps they were.not presented with |
any design of having an effect in reference to this j,
bill; but I take it for granted that the gentleman ;|
who has been disposing of these pistols is con- !|
nected with Mr. Colt in some way. j'
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt that he j
has disposed of these pistols as he had a perfect
right to do. I do not know whether the gentle-
man from North Carolina has had the good for-
tune to receive one or not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have not, and, under the
circumstances, with this bill pending before the j
House, I should not feel at liberty to receive one. I
I do not mean to say that there would be any- i
thing absolutely improper in doing it. Other gen-
tlemen may have done it; and if so, it is not for
me to cast any censure upon them. As a private
citizen, I might accept one if it were offered me.
But when it was offered to me as + member of
Congress, in view of this application, I should not
feel at liberty to accept it. When it was under-
stood that the gentleman was attorney, or in
any way interested in this application, I should of
course have felt some delicacy. I am laying down
a rule for myself, and nobody else. I know that
those who take a view of the question different
from mine aVe quite as fastidious as i am in this
regard.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
not make a half dozen of speeches. Hesays that
he has not accepted pistols from Mr. Colt. I do
not know this inventor; and I here say,that I am
willing to go with the gentleman from North Car-
olina and my colleague, to raise a committee of
investigation as to whether there has been any
intrigue or corruption in regard to this, or any
other proposition which is now or has been before
the House.
Mr. Chairman, I repeat that there are men upon
this floor who know and can fully appreciate the
value of this arm. It has been of immense ser-
vice to our soldiers on bloody fields. This being
so, is it not the duty of Congress to reward men
distinguished for their great service to thecountry ?
Certainly. This man has made his name cele-
brated by his great inventive genius. His arms
have added luster to the American name. Years
of toil and suffering have been devoted to their
perfection, and he should now receive at our hands
sincere thanks and ample compensation.
I do not blame gentlemen who are opposed to
fighting and war for opposing this extension. If
1 were like my friend from New York, [Mr.
Smith,] and others, I myself might be opposed to
it. Those of us who hold different views ought,
on the other hand, to yield it our votes. If it
should be my fate to go to war, I would want
on the field of battle the real and genuine weapon,
and not one by imitating manufacturers, which
would burst in my hands—one more dangerous
at the breech than at the muzzle.
What was done by Congress the other day?
Whose patent did you extend? You extended
Mr. Bishop's patent for the manufacture of cloth.
Have we not enough of manufactories of cloth
in the country already, Noith, South, East, and
West? Have we not enough without extending
Mr. Bishop's patent? In that case, the extension
was all right. Here,however, we have objection.
In this case, one of the greatest inventions of the
age, and which has done us so much credit, the
extension is refused. I do not represent a mer-
cantile constituency, but an agricultural and me-
chanical one. Those interests, of course, f am
disposed to encourage. I shall encourage me-
chanics. I myself belong to the working class of
the community, and am atall times ready to stand
by it. I shall vote for the bill, because I believe
it is for the just and deserved extension of a pat-
ent for one of the greatest inventions of American
ingenuity. I do not care whether Mr. Colt has
mode money or not. The testimony on that point,
however, is clashing. He ought to make money,
and I am willing that he shall do so, and off the
British too. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. As the Representative of the
district in which Mr. Colt resides, I feel called on
to make a brief explanation in reference to his
pecuniary condition, and also to disabuse the minds
of members of this House and the country in re-
gard to some of the statements and rumors which
have been made, not only upon this floor, but out
of this Hall.
In the first place, I was somewhat surprised at
the remark which fell from the gentleman from
North Carolina. He made a charge that bribery
had been used in this case; but he afterwards
qualified it in answer to a remark made by my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Seward.] #1 shall ask
my friend from North Carolina, a gentleman for
whom I have always entertained the highest re-
gard, if he had any reference to me in any of the
remarks he made? [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. i take the greatest pleas-
ure in saying that I did not even know that Mr.
Colt lived m the district of my friend from Con-
necticut, and I have never heard the gentleman's
name connected with the affair. I will say, fur-
