792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March SO,
As the law stands whichever House first ordeis
the printing of a document sends the whole print-
ing of it to its own printer; the consequence is that :
it is jn the power of the Departments to say to
which printer the work shall go. It is in the
power of the Departments to give the whole of the
printing to that pi inter which they prefer, and the
consequence may be that the printer of the other
House may be broken down and lose by it. if
we have the right, as the law gives it to us, to
elect a public printer, it seems to me that we ought
also to have the right of sending to him the print-
ing which we order. That seems to me to be but
justice. I believe it will avoid disputes if we do
it; and unless we do it, there is danger that dis-
putes will grow up. How is it in regard to the most
profitable documents which have been printed?
Here was the census report. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Drodhkad] moved to print
tiiat. i believe the first motion made to print it
was made m this body; and the Committee on
Printing', I also believe, repoi ted against it. They
afterwards fixed upon some other form, and re-
ported a resolution to the House on the 12th of
January, when ir. was agreed to by that body,
while i think it was not reported here until the
36th of January. Jf I am wrong the Senator from
Maine will correct me.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is certainly
wrong. The Senator from Pennsylvania moved
to print a very small volume, of about fifty pages,
called the ''Abstract of the Census," of which
one hundred thousand copies weie printed by the
House last year. That was the proposition mi!>-
mitted by the Senator from Pennsylvania. The
questionof printing that document was reierred to
the Committee on Printing, who reported against
it. The same committee reported a joint resolu-
tion for printing another abstract of'the census,
which makes a volume of four hundred pages.
That was an entirely different thing from the
other.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator if that re-
port was not made in the I louse on the 1 "2th of
January, and if it was nor made to the Semite
only on the I {> 111, so that theSermte had no chance
of giving the printing to its printer ? I m:k if the
Joint Committee on Punting did not report this
resolution for punting the^e copies to one bianch
on the liith, and the other on the Kith? 1 have
copies of the reports here; they are as follows:
" In the Ihmsnaf liejn csrntithrrs, January I *2, IS'i}.
" The IIon-,.- then le-nnied liieoon^ulei aliou n| the follo\v-
ifit! resolution, lepoited \ e-.ieiil.iv limn the inenii>e>s ol i),i>
Commiitee on Prutiuil% on Mir p.tit ol Die Houm-, viz:
" Itcsulrcrf, That tlii'ie he piinied (or Ihe iwol the IJuiw
ot IvepM'seiii.Wives, by tlie public punier ot die Motive,
titty thousand copies ol ,i ('uinp'-mlmm ol the Seventh
CetlMi-, to be <l)Mii e(| by Hie ^tipei iiitemient ol llie(Yn
enibr.ieiiii( die po,iui<i!!on in (own-, and counties, (he
ratio tables ol population : talib «. ol' nnhv hh^, bodi-, mar
naycN, and death*.; ol the deal, dumb, blind, ui>aue, and
idiotic; ol s< Ijooi* and colleges; ot ai:<;ie<Mler- oj otvupa- 1
tion<; ol chinches . ol iieu"|i,i|iri-. and hbr.uns. ami o) ,
a«rrifullnr; t products; with ilhiMiahve noiev and eonipat.i 1
live tables ; Prorulcl, Th.it the *.ud compendium shall be ;
punted in octavo lorm, and not e.vceed tour Jinn- j
dred s " 1
This resolution was amended, by inserting " one
hundred thousand "instead of "fifty thousand,"
and it was agieed to January P2, |Sf>4.
Then, in the Senate, it was
iiHi soh at, That dieie he p> uited fm the Use ot'the Senate
fury thoiHand copter ol a Compendium of the Seventh
Cen-ciic, to he ai raiiyi'd by the Supt iinienden! ol lhe Census;
embracing the population, l>v Imvns and counties. die ratio
tables o| population ; tables ol nativities, biiths, mamajjes,
and deaths , of the deaf, dumb, blind, ui-.ute, and idiotic ,
of schools and colleges; o{ aumo'Uiaies ol occupation-*; ot
etnir-'he^. of neu'^papeis and lilirane- ; and ol aL'rieullnral
pioducts; uirii illustrative note., and comparative tables-
I'ronrle/I, The -said < ompendiinn shall be printed in royal !
oelavo lorm, and not exet'ed lout handled pa^e- 1  " 1
This was leported from the Committee on
Printing by the Senator from Maine, |\\3r. Ham
and considered, and agreed to, January ]G,
1KS4. ' !
So then the Senate had no chance to give the 1
printing to its printer. The leport was not made
to us until the Kith, and the oider in the House i
was made on the li>fh.
Now, m regard to the agricultural portion of the
Patent Office report, wlndi is the most profitable
document given to the public printer, i heuid oi'e !
day that it whs carried to the other House, and
that they were voting upon it I went up to the :
desk of our Secretary, and asked if it had come '
here. It had not. Now, I ask, is it not obvious, j
in order to prevent these difficulties, if the Senate
exercise the right to elect a public printer, that it
ought to separate itself from the House,and have
the means of sending its own printing to its own
printer? Let each House have its printing done
by its own printer. That is fair. If the privi-
lege ought to be given to each House to elect its
own printer that is certainly fair. 1 understand,
and the Senator from California, tells me that he
is informed, on what he believes to be sufficient
authority, that the increase in thecost of composi-
tion, by the proposed amendment, will be only
or $3,000. Had we not better give that in
order to pieserve the right, which the Senate has
under the law, to elect its own printei ? What is
that right wouh if all the work is taken from him,
and the profits withdrawn from him ? So far as I
am concerned, I never have believed in the propri-
ety of giving the public printing to editors. I
have always voted to put it out to contract, or to
put up a Government press, or so to dispose of
I the matter as to separate it, if possible, from the
j: political press of the country. 1 will vote for any
, scheme which may be tolerably matured to effect
| that puipose; and whenever the Senator from Del-
!j aware shall brm^ it up lie will find me aiding him
|j with all my power to give it the force and effect
of law. But until this is done, it seems to me
II we ought to do something to prevent a scramble
i| between the two Houses m regard to the printing.
| Mr. HAMLIN. I think there is a good deal
of misapprehension on thepait of Senators m re-
lation to this matter; first, as to the ordering of
the printing; and, second, as to the expense. I
was ongmally a member of the Committee on
Punting, and a member of the select committee
who reported the bill which changed the system
of the printing of Congress. 1 was opposed to
the passage of the pimtmglaw. I resisted it until
I found myselfalmost alone. I believed that the
contract system, fairly and i igidly enforced, would
be the best und cheapest, and I constantly resisted
any invasion upon it. I found myselfpoweiless,
and this law was passed. I had honed that those
who claimed that the system would be put upon
a better footing after the passage of such a law as
they desired, would not be, at least, the first to
come here and complain of it. 1 hoped that that
law might be permitted to remain until it had had
afairtnal. 1 was opposed to it. I should op-
pose it now under such a state of things as then
existed; but inasmuch as the law has been passed,
{ am forgiving it a fur tiial, and will stand by it
[| until it has been tauly tested.
j; One vet y essential consideration urged by the
; filends of the hill, at that time, was, that it eon-
|j t,Hiiied an express provision that double composi-
tion should not be paid,and would not be paid,if
! it passed. The Senator who now comes and asks
i us to change the law tuged its passage then, upon
i the ground that it provided 'or one composition
' only.
i Now, let me mvitetheattention of the Senate to
I this matter truly, as it exists, for a very few mo-
| ments. So far as it is a matter of controversy be-
i tween two individuals 1 have no feeling, and I
! care not one fig about it. The law provides for
i the election of a printer or printers The House
j and the Senate, in the exeicise of their rights,
have seen fit to elect different persons as printers.
, The law made pi oviston as to the manner in which
! the printing should be disposed of. The printer
: of the House and the printer of the Senate, then,
were respectively elected under that law, with the
, full knowledge of precisely what were their rights,
; to wit: that each printer would pi mt what was
| printed exclusively in either branch by itself, and
| that the printer of the House would print such
documents for the Senate as were first ordered by
[ the House, and that the printer of the Senate
J would piint for the House such documents as
weie ihst ordeied by the Senate. That was the
1 law. So it stood when these persons were elected;
j so it stands now. The amendment proposes to
! change that, and to confer the exclusive printing
; of the Senate upon the Senate printer, notwith- ■
; standing the House may order the same docu-
ment to he printed, and thus compel us to pay i
! double composition for the same work.
1 flunk my friend from California suggested '
i that the punter was an officer of the Senate, and ,
therefote he should be under our control. Now, ,
sir, if that be the object you must go a step fur-
ther. and remove your Superintendent of the Pub-
lie Printing, for we have just nothing at all to J
do with him. We pass an order for printing.
When we have passed the oider we have nothing
fuither to do with him. It passes from our hands
to the Superintendent of the Public Printing; he
gives it that direction which the law points out;
and when the document is printed it is delivered
to him. If the amendment should be adopted, we
should have nothing to do only to order the print-
ing; it would then go to the Superintendent, and
instead of directing it according to the Jaw as it
no# stands, he would direct that everything or-
dered to be piin'ed by the Senate should go to the
Senate printer, arid everything ordered by the
House should go to the House printer.
Now, in the /ua>t place, there is a very consid-
erable amount of printing in the Senate, which ia
ordered and done by the Senate printer, with
' which the House have nothing to do, because they
[ do not ordercopies of the same. That, therefore,
i belongs to the Senate pi inter, and that is not aifect-
! ed by this in any way. So it is with the House.
; It is only with those documents where the same
j aie ordered in each House that difficulty arises;
I and in my humblejudgment, notwithstanding the
complaint of individuals, at the close of the session,
| the relative proportion of the two printers will be
found to be just about m that proportion which
i the printing of the Senate bears to the printing of
! the House. If I am correct in the supposition, it
I would he just to continue our system,-and there
, would be a saving of the expense incurred by
j double composition.
i Now, let me allude to a suggestion made by my
| friend from Virginia, in relation to the printing of
| the census. Jt only goes £o show how a man
i may be mistaken, and how information, when
' only partially imparted, may mislead the most
I honest mind. A few words m relation to this
| census document, about which &o much com*
! plaint has been made. Whom made by? By
i men who, I apprehend, are interested in the mat-
ter. I find no fault with them for it, but still I
think if there is annoyance, it is annoyance by
the public printers of both branches, and it is not
an annoyance of their own. We would not be
annoyed in the transacting of our business, and
the ordering of the printing, if we were approached
by nobody, neither by the printer of the House
or of the Senate. In relation to the printing of
this census, I have only to say this: The Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. IJrodiiead] offered a
resolution one day to print an abstract of the cen-
| sus, which was denounced m the Senate last ses-
! sion for its inaccuracy. The Senate absolutely
I refused to print it. It was but a small document*
1 It was referred to the Committee on Printing*
who, on a reexamination of it, came to the con-
i elusion unanimously that it was not worth while
; to reprint it; that it did not contain any inform-
ation which was very valuable, and it was so
small that it was no object to the printer, even if
it had been accurate; but we believed it to be in-
accurate, and reported against the printing; that
is all there was about it.
In the House of Representatives a resolution
was introduced and referred to the joint commit-
tee—for Senators will bear in mind that the Oom-
mutee on Printing is a joint committee—asking
ji the committee to inquire into the expediency of
'j having an abstract of the present census printed.
!j The committee gave the resolution a thorough in-
^ vestigation. They called before them the Superin-
;j tendent of the Census, Mr. De Bow, and they
compared with him the various tables of the large
i work which had been prepared, and, after spend-
: ing several meetings upon it, they came unaui-
" mousiy to the conclusion to order an abstract to
;; be printed, which should not contain over four
; hundred pages, and which should contain what,
: in their judgment, would be the most useful mat-
ter in that volume. And let me say, that when
■ it is printed I think it will be vastly'more useful
than the larger edition, because n presents, in a
, condensed form, facts and figures which are use-
, ful. While in the laige volume it would require
an addition of different tables together. This, in
, my judgment, will render it very much more val-
, uable than the laige one. It will contain all that
is really necessary or useful. The resolution
, requiring the printing of that document emanated
from the House. The House committee consid-
1 ered it first, and made up their minds precisely
I as to what they would do. It was their matter,
, and after they had acted, the committee on the
