82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
tionary war, thejr had made a mistake. They
were degrading him, and the title of lieutenant
general was never actually conferred upon him,
but he received his old title of general. But this
title was created at that time by Congress, and the
object of this resolution is merely to revive it in a
brevet shape,as in the case of a captain, a colonel,
a brigadier general, or a major general.
I have before stated, and it is scarcely worth
while to repeat it, that of all the officers who
served in the Mexican war, the only one who de-
rives no benefit, no profit,no technical honor, from
his services, is General Scott. Why, sir, humble
as I am, I had the honor of receiving a brevet,
and others had the honor of receiving two, and
some even three brevets; lieutenants, captains,
and colonels, received brevets for almost every act
of gallant service; and yet, sir, the man who, ot
the head of that army, conducted it not only with
success, but with such success as will be hard to
repeat again, from Vera Cruz to the city of Mex-
ico, has received neither additional pay nor ad-
ditional honor, except such as the country volun-
tarily bestowed upon him for his glorious service.
What is the object of this resolution ? Merely to
do him that justice which has been done to the
whole army that served under him. And how
long will this last? General Scott is an old man.
He is far advanced in life, and I am sorry to say
that there will soon be very few of these men
upon whom you can confer brevets or anything
else. They are falling around you every day.
Men younger than he, who participated in that
war, have fallen—but few of them are left. You
will not be troubled with them long. Those who
did not fall by the sword brought home disease,
which is sweeping them off almost by myriads,
every year.
I regretted to see the opposition which a similar
resolution met with at the last session, not in this
body, 1 am happy to say, but in the other House.
If there is to be any opposition to arise to it, 1
Should prefer that it would come from some of our
friends on this [the Whig] side of the Chamber.
I think the successful should always he generous
and magnanimous. If theie is any principle that
f value most highly in Democracy, it is that I be-
lieve it is generous and liberal towards its oppo-
nents; for even liberty without liberality is some-
times rather harsh.
I shall not waste the time of the Senate by say-
ing any more upon this subject. I think the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, for whose opinion
I have a high respect, has made a mistake in sup-
posing that this resolution can, by any possibility,
be construed or tortured into a violation of the
Constitution. If it be, then we have been viola-
ting the Constitution ever since it was framed.
Mr. PETTIT. Before the Senator sits down,
I wish to ask him a question. Will this rank
confer greater emoluments, or greater pay on Gen-
eral Scott ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I am free to say that it is my
intention and wish that it should.
Mr. PETTIT. That would be an inducement
for me to vote for it. But I wish to ask a fur-
ther question.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will reply to this first.
That is a matter within the discretion of thePresi-
dent of the United States. No brevet confers pay
of itself. It is merely intended as a high honor-
ary military compliment for gallant services. But
if the President of the United States assigns a
man to a command proportioned to his brevet
rank, then he is entitled to pay according to that
rank, and in no other case; so that it will depend
upon the President of the United States.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to ask the Senator
whether there is any higher command than Gen-
eral Scott now has, to which he can be assigned ?
Is there a substance in this, or is it a mere bauble ?
Is it a name, or a substance, or a bauble?
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not know what the hon-
orable Senator means by 4< substance."
Mr. PETTIT. I mean by " substance," ad-
ditional pay, money, command; an increase, a
greater command, a greater power in the army.
By t( form," or by " shadow," I mean mere title.,
a mere bauble, which I think would be of no use
to General Scott.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator takes
a very practical view of this matter. He looks
upon the money as the substantial thing?, and upon
the title as the " bauble;" but soldiers sometimes,
without any reference to money or pecuniary ad-
vantages, like to earn and receive such baubles.
I am happy to say that this substantial interest is
not as highly prized in the army as it is in some
civil branches.
Mr. PETTIT. It is now-a-days considered
necessary to have some regard to filthy lucre.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. But, sir, as I remarked (be-
fore, my hope is that General Scott will, for the
few short years he is to remain among us, receive
some additional compensation. I think he deserves
it, and ought to have it.
Mr. PETTIT. Is there any higher command
which he can have to entitle him to it?
Mr. SHIELDS. No, sir; there is no higher
command. That is very true. He cannot have
a higher command than that of being the command-
ing general of the army, next to the President,
who is the commander-in-chief. I repeat that I not
only wish to see the title conferred upon him, but
I expect that additional pay will also be granted.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois is not doubtless aware that he has, in
the course of his remarks, given, perhaps, the best
justification for my objection which he could have
given. He says that General Scott is the only
officer who fought in the Mexican war who has
not received any honorary—any titular reward.
Why, let him advert to the Constitution for an
instant, let any Senator do it, and find, if he can,
(and if he find it let him point it out to me, or to the
Senate,) where there is any authority for titular
reward in that instrument. Upon the contrary,
there is the most express prohibition in spirit of
anything of the kind. The Senator himself did
obtain a brevet for his services, and no one de-
served it more meritoriously than that Senator.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin permit me to ask him whether he does not
recognize a distinction—a broad, clear, and
marked distinction—between military titles and
titles of nobility?
Mr. WALKER. I do not, when the style or
title is conferred unassociated with the perform-
ance of duty, but as a mere mark of distinction
above, and preeminent to his associates. The
Senator has likened this case to the ordinary case
of brevets. It is useless to speak as to the policy,
the propriety, or the constitutionality of the brevet
system, for it has been established by precedent;
but I think that if it were now to arise for the
first time, it might well be the subject of very seri-
ous consideration. I know of many who have
been breveted since I have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor. It gave me pleasure, I must
say, so far as my knowledge of the individuals
was concerned, to see those brevets bestowed.
In no case was I more pleased than in the case of
the honorable Senator who introduced this resolu-
tion. I know of none who better deserved a
brevet. But as to the constitutional question, I
say, if it were now an original one, it might well
be the subject of more serious contemplation.
The Senator said that if this be a violation of
the Constitution, it had been violated ever since its
formation. He asks what is the difference be-
tween conferring the brevet title of captain and
that of general? I said in my first remarks that
when an individual is set aside for the perform-
ance of duty, lie is from necessity to receive some
designation, but it is always associated with duty.
When we speak of a captain, we speak of one
who has command of a company, and whose duty
it is to command it. When we speak of a colonel,
it is of one who has command of a regiment, and
whose duty it is to command that regiment.
When we speak of a general, we speak of him as
associated with his military duty, and the per-
formance of it. The Senator has admitted that a
major general is the highest military station that
we have for the performance of military duty.
Now, when we come to speak of a lieutenant
general, with what service to the country, either
civil or military, do we associate the title ? "When-
ever we divest it of any association whatever
with the performance of duty, do we not at once
perceive something counter to the spirit of the
Constitution, something that is merely ideal,
something that is mere style, mere title, and in-
tended to elevate an individual as a marked point
of preeminence above the rest of his fellow-citi-
zens, without imposing upon him any duty? It
seems to me to be so.
I am, however, perfectly aware that opposition
to the passage of this iesolution is hopeless. I
believe it will be passed by the Senate by a large
majority. But, sir, 1 have reflected upon the sub-
ject; I believe 1 said nothing in regard to it at the last
session, but I thought of it then; I have thought
of it since, and I am most seriously of the im-
pression that it is a violation of the spirit of the
Constitution.
Suppose, sir, that some one shall outstrip even
the gallant general spoken of by the honorable
Senator from Illinois. Suppose that when this
country shall be in more imminent peril than it has
been; when the combined nations, with their com-
bined armies, shall be coming against us, and shall
be about to hurl us from the high preeminence
which we now enjoy, there shall step forward
some one who can clothe himself with even more
glory than Washington or Scott; what shall we
do for him? Ah, sir, there will then be a serious
reflection, whether the bestowal of this title was
not the fatal step beyond the performance of duty.
It will then be seriously thought whether we can-
not do something more for {hat great one than
for those who preceded him. It is m this light, in
this point of view, that I cannot favor this step.
I hope that I shall never see the time when there
will be a necessity for calling upon any one to
perform for us greater services than have hereto-
fore been performed; but if he ever shall arise,
what then shall we do for him ? The title of lieu-
tenant general will have been bestowed,and some
greater mark of distinction will have to be be-
stowed upon him; what shall it be?
Mr. MASON. I did not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, to take any part in this debate, although,
perhaps, it might have been expected, represent-
ing, as I do, the State which had the honor to
give birth to the gallant captain upon whom it is
proposed to confer this mark of distinction, but
that a suggestion has been made by the Senator
who has just taken his seat, that there was some-
thing in conflict with the Constitution in confer-
ing this brevet rank. Sir, I think I have been in
the habit of construing the Constitution and its
powers as strictly as most Senators on this floor;
but it never occurred to me, nor has it occurred to
those who have heretofore conferred brevet rank—
for if the objection applies to the grade of lieuten-
ant general, it applies as well to the subordinate
grades—that when you increase military rank by
a military name, you thereby create a title of any
sort; for it is at last but creating a new military
rank by a military name.
The prohibition in the Constitution, I apprehend,
is perfectly intelligible. It is confined to an order
and a class known as well to the common-law of
the world as any other class or order. When
you speak of the nobility upon the continent of
Europe, or in England, that separates a class just
as effectually as the sexes are separated. The
prohibition in the Constitution is against granting
a title creating such a class, or such a distinction
of nobility. I do not see—although I am satisfied
that the honorable Senator from Wisconsin is
sincere—that there is really anything substantial
in the constitutional objection which he has raised.
Sir, 1 did not intend to say anything. I could
say nothing that would add either in the opinion
of the country, or of the world, one cubit to the
gallant stature which this distinguished man
achieved in the Mexican war. If I were to say
he has shed luster upon our arms, and renown
upon our country, I should but reecho what has
been said not only here, but abroad; but there is
one feature which has, I confess, impressed me
more strongly in the career of this gallant captain,
than any which has been alluded to. It is the
great moral example which he set to the world in
the conduct of an invading army in a foreign
country. He carried no devastation, no ruin—he
sacked no villages, plundered no people; but cast
over them the arm of his protection wherever he
went. When he seized their capital, he estab-
lished a police law which will impress itself upon
the character of that nation forever hereafter. So
far from countenancing or permitting the least
license in his soldiers, in his officers, in the hang-
ers-on of his camp, the least violation of his strict
orders in that respect was exemplarily punished.
The name of Scott will be treasured up in Mexico
by the patriots of that land, although he was a
conqueror. Sir, the great moral example which
he set the world, will cast more luster upon the
