1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
part of the Senate took the same work, and re-
ported it, at their very next meeting, to the Senate.
That is the whole history of that matter. That
is the long and the short of it. it was, therefore,
a proposition which originated in the House,
and winch was reported on first by the House
committee, because it was their proposition. Then
the Senate committee took their resolution, be-
cause, from the investigation of the committee,
they came to the conclusion that that was the best
compilation which could be made, and for the ad-
ditional reason, that if we took that work, the
cost of composition would be saved. I undertake
to say that if the resolution ordering the printing
of that work had emanated from the Senate, and
if the committee had been directed by the Senate
to investigate, and report upon the expediency or
the propriety of having such a work prepared and
printed, they would, m that case, have reported
first to the Senate. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia, if he had fteen a member of the Committee on
Pnniing, would have done precisely what we did.
As a matter of economy, I felt it, as one member
of the committee, to be my duty to recommend
the House proposition,after they had matured and
reported upon it, instead of making a new docu-
ment which should be substantially the same thing,
with perhaps the difference of a page or two.
And let me say that that resolution now meets
precisely what 1 understand to be the objection of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, which
is, that the compendium does not include certain
tables which he deems valuable. That resolution
authorizes the inclusion of these very tables, if
necessary; in other words, it authorizes the Super-
intendent to add notes which shall convey other
facts that may be deemed essential. Any modifi-
cations which may be suggested by Senators will
be considered by the committee, and, if thought
necessary, will be put into the work, under the
resolution as it now stands. The resolution was
thus drawn for the purpose of accommodating as
- many as it was possible to accommodate; though,
of course, it is impossible to accommodate every
body. So much in relation to that work.
In relation to printing the Patent Office Report,
I can only say that I know nothing about it. I
was not in the Senate when either portion of that
report was sent here. I came in when the me-
chanical portion was about being ordered to be
printed. 1 think the Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] made the motion to print it, and I came
in just as he was offering it, and 1 made a sugges-
tion to him as to the manner in which he should
present it. That is all that I know about that.
Now, sir, let us see what is the proportion of
matter which has been printed by each printer.
One thousand one hundred and ninety-two pages
have been ordered to be printed by the Senate,
which are to be executed for the Senate and the
House. In other words, we have, at this session,
ordered the printing of documents containing one
thousand onehundred and ninety-two pages, which
are printed for us, and are also printed by the
Senate printer for the House. The House has
ordered the printing of three thousand five hundred
and forty-eight pages, which have been executed
by the House printer for it and also for the Sen-
ate, being a proportion as about three to one of
the pages thus fiir ordered to be printed. I find,
by a statement which has been handed to me from
the Superintendent of Public Printing, that the
aggregates of the two branches, at the last session
of Congress, bear about the proportion of two to
one; or, in other words, the Senate printing cost
$24,900, while the House printing cost $44,092;
thus the proportionate cost of the printingordered
by each House is about two to one. The extra
documents which have thus far been printed by
the House printer for the Senate are about as three
to one. I repeat again, however, that when the
session shall have closed, I doubt not that the por-
tion printed by the two respective printers will be
rehitively equal. I believe they will bear about
the same relation to each other that the cost of the
printing of one House does to that of the other.
The cost of the House printing is twice as much
as the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. Why does the Senator give
the number of pages,and not the number of copies
of the extra documents already printed r
Mr. HAMLIN. Because I am speaking now
only of the cost of the composition. I hold in my
hand a communication from the Superintendent
of Public Printing, which ( requested him to make
last evening, on the adjournment of the Senate. It
is quite completefalthough it is not perfectly so.
If it could be made perfect and accurate, so as to
embrace the entire printing of Congress, it would
swell the amount beyond wlmt he has stated. It
is based on that printing in.regard to which he
had the details before him, leaving out a little in
regard to which he had not. I wish to have the
communication read; but before it is read, I wish
to state, first, that it shows that the composition
of the last Congress would have amounted to
$16,532, if the whole printinghad been done under
the present law. During a part of that Congess,
the printing was done under contract, at a very
low rate. This communication also shows that
the cost of composition for tins Congress, up to
this date, amounts to §8,269. That is the cost
of composition alone—one single item in the cost
of the public printing, far below what will be the
aggregate. The Superintendent tells us that the
aggregate cost of composition will be at least
$15,000 a Congress. How he comes to that con-
clusion 1 confess I do not understand; for he shows
us by figures, that at this session, up to this time,
it amounts to over $8,000. If we assume that the
remainder of the printing for the Congress will
cost the same, it would make the whole amount
for composition over $16,000. He state® the
whole amount at $15,000; and probably, as we
increase the printing as it goes along at every
session of Congress, it will come up probably
nearer to $20,000 than $15,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is $15,000 for both
Houses.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely; and it is just one
composition in both Houses. Now, if you repeal
that portion of the law, you double this sum.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not the Senator per-
ceive that two thirds of that are for the House,
and we only double the composition on one third
for the Senate?
Mr. HAMLIN. I repeat, the sum will be just
double that which is here stated; because this
includes only the documents which are already
ordered to be printed, and the same documents
which are printed in both Houses. I will illus-
trate this. I will take the Patent Office Report,
and I will assume that it is first ordered to be
printed in the House; then the House printer is
to be paid for the composition. The work comes
here, and we order it to be printed, but the print-
ing is executed by the House printer, and we
have not to pay for its composition,as the law
stands. Now, what is the cost of the composi-
tion ? It is a given sum. The Superintendent
states that, the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office Report will be four hundred pages, and the
cost of the composition will be $500, and the cost
of the agricultural part will be $700. Suppose
one portion of it is first ordered to be printed in
the Senate, and then it goes to the House. The
Senate printer does the work under the present
law, and but one composition is to be paid for.
Now, if both were ordered to be printed m the
House, and composition paid for to the House
printer in addition,it is as evidentas that twoand
two make four, that you just double the price of
composition on those documents which are or-
< dered to be printed in both Houses.
! Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the Senator a
i question, for information. I understand him to
j say that $he statement to which he refers, made
by the Superintendent of Printing, which was
! complete in its character, though not perfect,
1 shows that $15,000 will be the amount of the
' cost, of composition for documents printed by both
, Houses. I understand that is the result arrived
! at. Then the Senator immediately controverts Ins
! Statement, by saying that he cannot see how the
j Superintendent arrived at that conclusion,
i Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
j Mr. BAYARD. I so understood the Sena-
; '"Mr. HAMLIN. The Superintendent first shows
! that the cost of composition for the work printed
for the last Congress would, if paid for at the
; present rates, be $16,532. He shows that up to
1 the present date the composition of the documents
which have been ordered to be printed in both
Houses at this session amounts to $8,2fi9. Then
he closes with a paragraph, which I will read:
" Bv the repeal of the seventh section of the printing act of
1KB, or so much thereof as it is proposed to repeal, liie
additional cost of the printing for Congress may be fairly
estimated at $15,01)0 tor each Congress," &c«
What i say is this: The Superintendent, in his-
caution not to overestimate, has under estimated.
I say it, because he shows, in fact, that the cost of
composition at this session up to this time has
been over $8,000 on works ordered to be printed
by both Houses. 1 doubt not it will be more
than $3,000, and probably $5,000 more at this ses-
sion.
Mr. BAYARD. I will ask the Senator whether
most of these documents, of which the greatest
number are printed, such as the census report, and
the reports accompanying the President's message,
have not already been printed?
Mr. HAMLIN. Undoubtedly; most of the
documents of which we shall have the same num-
ber in each branch of Congress have been printed.
I have no doubt about that; but still, up to this
time, the cost of composition has been over $8,000*
I have no doubt, and that is all i need say, that
the Superintendent, in his over caution, has under-
stated rather than overstated the amount which it
will cost. I now ask that the communication from
the Superintendent may be read, for he states very
clearly the whole matter.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Office Superintendent Public Printing, >
Washington, March 30, 1854. >
Sir: In reply to your verbal inquiry yesterday, as to the
cost of composition of those public documents ordered to
be printed by both Houses of Congress, I have the honor to
submit the following statement:
At the first session of the Thirty-Second Congress those
documents that were printed by both Houses of Congress
made4,480 pages, at a cost for composition of..$6,085 00.
At the second session (including the Census,
"winch made 1,158 large quarto pages) they
made 5,0 L0 pages, at a cost for composi-
tion of      10,447 00
$36,532 Ott
It will be seen, therefore, that if the present printing law
had been in operation during the whole of the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress, without the seventh section, and there had
been a different printer for each House, the cost of the print-
ing would have been increased $16,532. It maybe proper
to state, however, that the data in this office is not suffi-
cient to furnish n jvll statement as to the first session of the
last Congress; the quantity of matter of the character re-
ferred to doubtless exceeded that above stated; but there
are nQ means of ascertaining the exact amount, only a por-
tion of the printing of that session having been execufed
under the superintendence of this office.
The cost of composition of the same documents, ordered
to be printed by both Houses ofCongrcss, during the present
session, to this date, reaches nearly $10,000. Of course,
in the absence of the provision of the printing law referred
to, the cost of the composition would have been double
this amount.
The principal documents ordered to be printed by both
Houses of Congress, consist of the annual communications
I required by Jaw from the President of the United States
and the several heads of Departments.
The following is a list of the principal documents ordered
to be punted by both Houses of Congress, at the present
session, to tins date, with their real or estimated cost for
composition alone:
No. of Cost for
Pages, Comjp'n,
Message of the President of the United
Stales, and accompanying documents. ..1,936 $2,466 00
Letter from Second Auditor, relative to
Indian du-buiveiiienU  552 1,001 00
Report of the Secretary of the Tieasury
on the state of the finances  384 502 00
Repoit of the Secretary of the Treasury
Coa*t Survey, (quarto)  5"0 1,500 00
Patent Office Report—Mechanical  400 500 00
« " Agricultural  600 700 00
Compendium of the Seventh Census, (non-
pareil)     400 1,500 00
$8,269 00
Resides the reports of several surveying and exploriBg
expeditions, and a consideiabJe number of smaller docu-
ments. . „ , , . . p
By the repeal of the seventh section of the printing act ot
1852, or so much thereof as it is proposed to repeal, the
additional cost of the printing for Congress may be fdnly
estimated at $J5,000 for each Congress, which will he paid
for extra composition alone, provided that the Senate and
House employ different printers.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. G. SEAMAN, Superintendent.
Hon. H. Hamlin, Untied States Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a few words more to
say; but I desire to invite the attention of the Sen-
ator who offers the amendment to the suggestion
which 1 make, and it is one of a practical charac-
ter. It is this: The amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina provides, first, for a repeal
of the seventh section of the act of 1852", which
requires that a document shall be printed by the
House printer for the Senate, when the printing
is fhst ordered by the House, and vice versa.
