1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
1651
ther, that my object in referring to the extraor-
dinary rumors about bribery l emg resorted to in
this case, was, if possible, to bring public opinion
to bear to correct this pressure from without. It
may turn out that some good case will be lost,
owing to the fact that the lobby are active in secur-
ing its passage. If this system of lobbying is to
go on; il we are to have this eternal outside pres-
sure, so that a gentleman cannot come into this
Hall without somebody touching his elbow and
saying," Well, how does the Colt case come on ?
If it should get through, it would be a very hand-
some thing for me; I shall get so many thousands.
If you cannot vote for it, have not you some bus-
iness to attend to elsewhere when it happens to
come up?"—I say, if this kind of thing is to go
on, the result will be, that it will excite such pre-
judice against these outside influences as to en-
danger the passage of very meritorious cases.
Mr. PRATT. The explanation of the gentle-
man is perfectly satisfactory, although in relation
Co this matter of bribery any explanation from
him, or any other gentleman, would be entirely
unnecessary as far as my standing at home is con-
cerned, for such a charge would at once fall to the
ground. There is not a. political opponent in the
district I have the honor to represent who would
believe that I would be guilty of receiving or using
money directly or indirectly, or countenancing
anything of the kind, with a view of effecting the
passage of this bill, or any other. I have the
pleasure of a personal acquaintance with Colonel
Colt, and I arn proud to acknowledge him as my
personal and particular friend. He has never,
an his conversations with me, alluded to lobby in-
fluence, or stated that he had an agent here, or
had furnished funds to carry through this measure.
I spent two or three hours with him when I was
at home on a visit to my family last month. To
be sure, he does not disguise the fact that he is
anxious for a renewal of his patent, and he gives
his reasons why it should be granted, which to
me have proved satisfactory; and I have no doubt
they would prove equally so to any other gentle-
man who should hear them from his own lips.
But enough on that point.
The remarks of the attorney—the lawyer—
1he gentleman from New York, [a laugh,] might
be excused; for, after so long an absence from
his seat here, he doubtless thought it expedient
to let his constituents know that he had returned
once more. [Laughter.] A great deal has been
said here by gentlemen m relation to the wealth
of Mr. Colt. When he removed to Connecticut
from New Jersey he was poor, and greatly in debt;
embarrassments.
For the success attending Mr. Colt's exertions !
and industry, he was indebted to friends who—- ,
^numbering, 1 believe, some thirty or forty in all— I
contributed funds to enable him to prosecute his j
business, f do not stand hereto plead Mr. Colt's j
.poverty. He has been, of late, successful; and if 1
ever there was a man that invented anything in ]
the shape of an arm for self-defense who was en- j
titled to success, certainly Colonel Colt was such a I
man. Mr. Colt, when he commenced, hired a large 1
building, known as thePorterManufacturing Mills, j
and has occupied it since, and occupies it now. .
But he does not own it. He has, however, com-
menced building an armory which, when com- j
pleted, will doubtless be a model for the world. |
But I say, on the honor of a gentleman, that, in I
my opinion, there is not an intelligent man m his
district, nor any man who knows anything about
this matter, that believes Mr. Colt has got money
enough to complete the work which he has begun,
and fulfill the contracts that he has undertaken.
Mr. LETCtlER. Will my friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Pratt] permit me to make an
inquiry of him'
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 see from the affidavit
furnished by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Steven's,] that the machinery, tools, fixtures, and
other property owned by Mr. Colt, in Hartford,
Connecticut, is valued at §450,000. I desire to
know from my friend from Connecticut whether
he considers that a fair valuation ?
Mr. PRATT. In answer to the inquiry of my
friend from Virginia, 1 would say that I have no
personal knowledge on that point; but I have
here in my possession letters which I can read to
the committee, if they desire it, which throw some
light on the subject. They are from most intel-
ligent gentlemen in my district; and I will name
some two or three*of them. One of them is
Governor Trumbull, once an honorable member of
this House. Another is Mr. Belknap, president
of the Bank in which Mr. Colt transacts nis
business. These gentlemen estimate Mr. Colt's
wealth not to exceed $200,000 or $250,000, and
that in machinery. Mr. Belknap says that within
the last six months he knew Mr. Col.t to buy steel,
and other materials used in the manufacture of
arms, on credit, and to give notes for the purchase
of them, not having the money to pay their cost.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentlefnan know
William Tuttle?
Mr. PRATT. 1 do.
Mr. LETCHER. Is he a man of character and
veracity ?
Mr. PRATT. He is.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, Mr. Tuttle says that
Mr. Colt is worth §450,000.
Mr. PRATT. 1 would remark that Mr. Wil-
liam Tuttle is a manufacturer of arms; and I sup-
pose he would be very glad of the chance of being
able to manufacture arms himself. I do not think,
however, if he were engaged in it, he would man-
ufacture spurious articles; for I know he is an
honest man.
Mr. LETCHER.. Hegives his affidavit, stating
this fact, as Colt's agent.
Mr. PRATT. I do not deny that Mr. Colt has
in his establishment or possession machinery to !
the amount of ^450,000. 1 have no personal
knowledge in regard to that matter. I have seen
his establishment, and visited it. It is not such an
establishment, as that which he intends to have.
And here 1 will remark that Mr. Colt is not a
miserly man. No man that knows him can fail
to admire his generosity. He is one of the most
magnanimous men of the place. And his object
in seeking the extension of his patent is not so
much to amass wealth as to build up for himself
fame. Nobody that knows him can doubt the
truth of what I say in that regard.
I must say something now in reference to the
statements made as to Mr. Colt's immense for-
tune, and to the story of his being worth a million
of dollars, and so on. It is not correct. The
statements have been exaggerated, doubtless, for
effect.
Now, one word in relation to lobbying in favor
of this arm. I do know that there was a gentle-
man here from the city of New York, in the early
part of the session, engaged in that business.
There were men here during the first part of this
but, fortunately, he has released himself from his,! session lobbying against this arm; and I was told
'*^that others were employed to do so. I do not
know the fact; and, therefore, I do not make the
distinct charge.
Something has been said in relation to Mr.
Colt's establishment in England. Mr. Colt estab-
lished an armory in England because he believed
it to be for his interest to keep upon good terms
with the British Government. He had the same
interest in doing so that any man would have
similarly situated; but he had no idea of trans-
ferring his busirfess across the Atlantic. He is an
American,and has as noble an American heart as
any man. He did so because it would subserve
his pecuniary interest. But the work is done in
this country, in Connecticut, and is carried across
the Atlantic in detached pieces, and is put together
there.
Mr. McNAIR. Will the gentleman yield to a
motion that the committee rise?
Mr. PRATT. I will be brief, Mr. Chairman.
I intend always to fulfill my promises; and I said, j
in the beginning, that I would not detain the com- !
mittee long; and I would not have said a word, !
bad I not deemed it. a duty I owed to Mr. Colt, to i
this House, and to the country. Gentlemen will
bear me witness that I am disinclined to consume j
the time of the House unnecessarily. _ I
One remark in relation to the committee. The ;
committee had this matter unfler consideration, ,
and reported, as members well know, in favor of
the renewal of the patent. I think some weight is !
due to the opinion of your committee, who have ]
investigated the matter. But that will pass with ;
members for what it is worth. Gentlemen have j
heard the report, and doubtless most of them have j
read it. j
I would remark, Mr. Chairman, in relation to
Mr. Colt's career, that he has been helped by 1
wealthy friends. When he first embarked in the
enterprise, his father, with other friends, opposed
him. He had every difficulty to encounter; and
he came down to Baltimore, and was almost an
eyile there, and was secluded for two or three
years. ' But finally, by the aid of some of his
mother's relatives, he procured funds, by which
he was enabled to perfect this arm. When he
went to New Jersey, it is well known that he was
bankrupt. He was obliged to make the best bar-
gain in his power to procure capital for carrying
on his operations. He did succeed with some
acquaintances of his, in obtaining facilities for
manufacturing his pistols; but he had no capital
invested in the establishment; and I do not sup-
pose there is a member of this House who sup-
poses he had. Well, sir, he left that establish-
ment without means-^at least so I am credibly in-
formed. I have no personal knowledge of anyof
these facts, Mr. Colt himself told them to me,
and with me his word is as good as my own per-
sonal knowledge. From New Jersey he went to
Connecticut, and there some of his friends made
up a purse for him, by which he was enabled to
prosecute his manufacturing. And there he did
prosecute it successfully, I admit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, admitting that Mr. Colt
has made millions upon millions by this invention,
is that any good or valid objection to the renewal of
his patent? Sir, I claim that this invention is one
that has done honor to America. It is one of
which every American ought to be proud. -It
stands preeminently above every other arm ever
invented'in this or any other country. And, be-
cause Mr. Colt did succeed finally in making a
little competency, because he succeeded in making
a fortune, if you please, is that any valid reason
for refusing the extension of his patent? I cer-
tainly think it is not, and I believe the good sense
of this House will agree with me that it is not.
Again, I call the attention of the committee to
the fairness and honor which Mr. Colt has shown
in this whole matter. He has not sought to take
any advantage of the Government. It is true
that it has been said that the Government will
never find it for its interest to take advantage of
the right granted in this bill, that the cost of ma-
chinery would be so great that the Government
would procure its arms to be manufactured rather
than manufacture them itself; but such is not the
fact. Nearly all the machinery at our national
armories at Springfield and Harper's Perry could
be applied to the purpose of manufacturing these
arms. At least, such is the fact in reference to
that at Springfield, as I know from my own per-
sonal examination, and I have no doubt the same
species of machinery is used at Harper's Ferry.
Some additional machinery would be required,
but with the full privilege of manufacturing which
this bill gives, the Government would find no dif-
ficulty in applying the invention to its own ad-
vantage at the national armories.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me state what seems
to me to be a matter of more importance than any
thing else connected with this matter, and which
has been alluded to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. McMoixin.] So long as Mr. Colt
has the control of the manufacture of this arm, the
public are safe in the use of it. He is scrupulously
particular in the inspection of every pistol that
goes out from his establishment. While he is at
home he inspects them himself, and when he is
absent that duty is intrusted to a gentleman who
is a good judge offire arms, and who never allows
one to pass his inspection that is not a perfect in-
strument. He takes much pride in knowing the
fact, which we all know, that his pistols seldom,
if ever, burst. They are much more perfect than
the arms made under the direction of the Gen-
eral Government, judging from the number which
are broken in their use.
Mr. Chairman, I have nothing more to say
upon this subject. I ask pardon of the committee
for detaining them one moment. I should not
have done it but for the reason that I felt it to be
my duty as a matter of justice to the committee
and to Mr. Colt, to say a word in reference to the
statements which have been made.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Staxton,
of Kentucky,) reported that a Committee of the
