84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
be lower than a major; but the value of the com-
pliment consists in the fact that you have created
the office especially for him to fill it. Now, if
you set the example of creating a new office for
the General-in-Chief every time that he performs
gallant services, it would be offensive hereafter to
refuse to make a new title for the next man who
distinguishes himself as much as General Scott
has done. It is not offensive now to refuse to
confer a higher rank upon him. Why' Because
it was not done for the Father of his Country.
We are now called upon to depart from the
example that was then set. We are now asked
to do more for a living generalthan the American
people did for him who led our armies through
the battles of the Revolution.
Sir, my position is this. You ask me to vote
thanks to General Scott; I will vote them cheer-
fully; if you ask me to vote him a sword, I will
do it readily; if you ask me to vote him medal
after medal, I will do it with all my heart; and if
you will ask any other expression of approbation,
of gratitude, of approval, in honor of the gallant
officer, which will be a safe precedent to be fol-
lowed in the future, and which may be applied
with safety when another case arises, I will cheer-
fully do it; but, sir, I cannot agree to establish the
principle that a new office must always be created
for the head of the Army when he performs his
duty, and thereby entitles him to our gratitude. It
is with great reluctance that I am obliged to differ
from my colleague, and what I apprehend to be,
the majority of the Senate, upon this question. It
was not my purpose to have said a word; but I
have thought it due to myself to explain the
ground upon which I shall give my vote, in order
that no inference may be drawn of an unwilling-
ness to vote whatever approbation may be given
of the conduct of Geneiul Scott, which would still
be a safe precedent for the future. One word oil
another point, and I have done.
It has been intimated that the object, is to in-
crease the emoluments that should be enjoyed by
General Scott. If the Committee on Military
Affairs are of the opinion that his pay as General-
in-Chief of the Army was not enough in time of
war, let them report a bill, and 1 will vote for the
highest sum that tliey will propose. If they are
of opinion that his pay is not sufficient in time of
peace, let them bring forward a bill, and I will
vote for die increase, if his pay is not sufficient,
we ought to increase it. If he has not been ade-
quately paid in money for his services and his
sacrifices, let us foot the bill at once; but do it by
a direct money appropriation. Then, sir, when
we have voted our thanks and our medals, and
done all that we can do by way of compliment—
and when we shall have made him a pecuniary
compensation at the highest point which the Mili-
tary Committee shall deem him entitled to, I know
of nothing more that we can do without estab-
lishing a precedent which I do not deem it safe to
establish.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I shall have
very great pleasure in voting for this bill, which
proposes to do honor to a gallant soldier, a noble-
hearted gentleman, and an ardent patriot. I shall
vote for it, sir, because ( believe he has earned
the distinction which it is the object of this bill to
confer upon him—earned it, not by a mere dis-
charge of duty, but earned it by showing himself
in the service of his country to be one of the most
consummate generals that thehistoiy of the world
can produce;—earned it by a campaign unrivaled
in modern history,and perhapsinancient;—earned
it by a campaign contrived with the most consum-
mate military skill, executed with the most fearless
courage, and the most unerring accuracy;—earned
it by a campaign in the midst of a distant and
conquered people, where, from the nature of the
case, his powers were almost without limit, with-
out the presentation of a single incident in which,
with his knowledge, with Ins consent, or so far
as his ability to prevent it extended, the smallest
wrong was done to the most humble and depend-
ent of his Mexican foes;—earned it, sir, by show-
ing that war can be conducted with the utmost
bravery and gallantry; that fortified places can
be stormed, and armies defeated, in the open field,
without surrendering the generous emotions that
should belong to the heart of man; and that the
most perfect humanity, the most generous and I
considerate pity, can occupy the same breast
simultaneously with a courage which would do !
honor to the masters of war in any age of the
world;—earned it, sir, by shedding from himself
and the gallant troops that he led, and the noble
officers who seconded his exertions, a lustre upon
the character of his own country which shall
endure forever; not that mere suspicious, and
sometimes unworthy, fame which may spring
from mere bravery separated from what is other-
wise noble and generous in the human breast; but
earned it by the union of every nobleand excellent
quality which can excite the admiration or demand
the approbation of mankind;—earned it, sir, be-
cause this last, this noble scene of his services in
behalf of his country, is worthy of everything that
has preceded it in days that have gone by. This
last is but the Corinthian capital which crowns
the column. It is not an adorned head surmount-
ing a deformed and unornamented shaft, but all is
consistent and harmonious: and, Mr. President,
allow me to add, what in such a connection should
never be forgotten, that over the character of this
distinguished military chief there is a purity of
moral virtue and excellence, completing a picture
upon which the heart of the patriot and the Chris-
tian can rest with untiring and unalloyed satis-
faction. Sir, he has earned this distinction by
rendering military services in the cause of his
country, surpassed only by those of that man to
whom none is equal, and none is second—he who
led our forefathers through the dreadful conflicts
of the revolutionary struggle, to an independence
which they earned for us, and which we now
enjoy.
Mr. President, I did not expect to say one word
on the subject of this resolution. I had felt that
it was scarcely proper that gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber should say a word upon the sub-
ject. I have heard this matter more than once dis-
cussed in the Senate, and I have remained silent ;
but I now feel that there is nothing in the circum-
stances of the case which should induce me to
withhold the expression of a sentiment which I
deeply feel towards one who, I am satisfied, nobly
and richly deserves it. And why, Mr. President,
should not this resolution pass? All admit the
merits of the object whose promotion to this addi-
ditional rank is sought by it. Who, sir, will it
harin? Will it displace any man from the just
rank which he has acquired ? Will it pluck a sprig
of laurel from any gallant brows that now wear a
wreath? Will it endanger the republican institu-
tions under which we live? Why, surely, Mr.
President, all these questions must be answered in
the negative. Why, then, I repeat, should not
this resolution pass, and this brevet—this compli-
mentary rank—be conferred upon this distin-
guished general?
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] says that
he stands prepared to give a vote of thanks. That
has been already done, and certainly it would be
in exceedingly bad taste to repeat the thanks which
have been once solemnly given by the Congress of
the United States. lie says thathe stands ready
to vote him a sword. A sword is not the appro-
priate complimentary tribute to be given to one of
his rank. He says that he is willing to vote him
an increase of pay, but he is not willing to give the
President an opportunity to confer upon him a
lieutenantslnp by brevet. Why not? Is it any-
thing in the world but a distinction without a dif-
ference? He is willing to honor General Scott, and
the "brevet" will honor him. He is willingto in-
crease his pay, and the "brevet" will increase it.
He is stiuck with this difficulty; that if we estab-
lish the principle that every officer who does his
duty is to receive abrevet, we shall find ourselves
inconveniently situated, because we shall want
ranks in the army to supply the demands made on
us for this complimentary distinction. I would
say, Mr. President, that 1 have no idea that a bre-
vet is ever bestowed upon an officer for a mere dis-
charge of his duty. If that were the case, permit
me to say, sir, that the consequence would be that
every officer who served in the Mexican war, and
who did notreceive a brevet, would be stigmatized
by the omission with the neglect of duty. The
brevet is conferred for extraordinary and success-
ful services. Permit me to say that we may safely
leave the difficulty that my friend from Illinois has
suggested to take care of itself in the time that will
come hereafter; for he may rest assured that if
brevets upon the commanders of armies are never
conferred except on those who shall achieve them
by such a brilliant campaign as celebrated the ad-
vance of General Scott from Vera Cruz to the city
of Mexico, centuries will probably pass before v/e
shall be made so poor in titles as not to be at lib-
erty to acknowledge them. Do not let us look so
far ahead. We have the case before us. The
compliment is deserved—richly and eminently de-
served. We have the meansof paying it. Do not
tell us that the generosity of the nation may in
time become bankrupt, and therefore we shall re-
fuse to honor the just claims upon it now.
Mr. President, I have been tempted into these
remarks. I arose mainly for the purpose of making
an explanation in respect to the lieutenant gen-
eralship conferred on General George Wash-
ington. My impression is that gentlemen are
mistaken. The title was not conferred on Gene-
ral Washington for the purpose of preventing him
from being out-ranked. At the time of our diffi-
culties with France—the quasi war, as it was
called—upon the recommendation of Mr. Adams,
then President of the United States, a bill was
passed which authorized the President to appoint
an officer to be commissioned as lieutenant general,
and who should command all the armies of the
United States. He was made a lieutenant general,
and, as lieutenant general, was made commander-
in-chief, or rather thegeneral-in-chief, the President
himself being, by the Constitution, technically com-
mander-in-chief. It was discovered, though, that
by an oversight, in making Washington a lieutenant
general, they had really put him in a lower grade
than that which he had filled during the revolution-
ary war, when he was a full general. My friend
from Illinois will put me r'ght if I am mistaken in
saying that he was a full general and commander of
all the forces; and at the very next session of Con-
gress, if my memory serves me rightly, an act o?
Congress was passed correcting the mistake, and
giving to Washington the title of general.
Mr. CLAYTON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will read the provision to which he refers,
which is contained in the ninth section of the act
of March 3, 1799, " for the better regulation of
the troops of the United States, and for other
purposes." It is in these words:
11 Be it farther enacted, That a commander of tlie Army
of the United States shall be appointed and commissioned
by the style of ' General of the Armies of the United
States and the present office and title of lieutenant gen-
eial shall thereafter be abolished.1'
Mr. BADGER. Allow me, Mr. President, to
say one word more; and 1 will not weary the
Senate. As has been said by my noble friend
from Illinois, who sits near me, [Mr. Shields,]
General Scott is an old man. The sands of his
life are fast running away. At no distant day, in
the ordinary course of human events, he will be
no longer among us. Now, sir, if we feel, as all
my friends on both sides of the Chamber have
said, this ready acquiescence in his merits, admi-
ration of his services, and willingness to do him
honor, let us do him this honor. It be that
it is a bauble. It may be that it is but a feather.
Why, sir, we know that when we measure the
value of things by the highest standard all the
distinctions of earth dwindle into insignificance,
and vanish into worthiessness. Be it a bauble or
a feather, to a soldier's heart it is dearer than un-
told millions. And although I have never ex-
changed a word with that gallant officer upon the
subject of this brevet, yet I have reason to know
that he would value it more, and fee] it more
deeply, than any and every testimony of approba-
tion which his country has ever bestowed upon
him, dearly as he values them all. Let us now,
while he is here, while he is among us, while
Providence spares him to us, frild his declining
years with this testimony which he values. When
we can do it without wrong or injury to others,
without interference with our institutions, without
constituting any precedent, bad or mischievous,
let us honor him gracefully, in the manner that
will be most acceptable to his feelings.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from North Carolina. It
will be perceived, by the reading of the act to
bestow the office of lieutenant general upon
George Washington, that that office was cre-
ated to enable Washington to enter the army in
a rank above others. That was the reason for
the passage of the law. Hence it was passed
with reference to future services. It then being
discovered that the rank of lieutenant general
was below that which General Washington held
while in command of the army of the Revolution
