794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Then it provides that " each shall do the printing
for the House electing him; and so much of the
printing tor the Executive Departments and Bu-
reaus of the Government as is ordered by the said
act to be done by the public printer, shall be
equally divided between the printers of the two
Houses."
The difficulty which this provision involves I
will now point out to the Senator. The House
has already ordered certain documents to be
printed, which are now in the process of printing;
some perhaps are in process of composition, and
others are in press. The Senate has also ordered
certain documents, and they are in process of
printing, but in dilferent stages. Now, suppose
this amendment shall be adopted, in what man-
ner is the printing already ordered to be com-
pleted ?
Mr. BADGER. According to the law in force
when it was ordered, of course.
Mr. HAMLIN. Thar, law will be repealed by
the passage of this provision; and there will then
be no such law in existence. The House punter
can, therefore, come forward and insist on his
light, under thus section, to do all the printing or-
dered bytheHou.se; and the Senate printer can
make the same demand with regard to the Senate
printing. I insist that the law under which they
now act being repealed, they would have a right
to do so. This would require double composition
for all the woik which is even in process of bem£
printed. It seems so to me. There o ightat least
to be a provision to meet that exigency, if an
amendment similar to tins is to be adopted. I
have nothing further to say in regard to this mat-
ter at present.
Mr, BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish to speak
to one part of the subject only, and to make my-
self distinctly understood upon it. I have a nght
to speak with some degree of intelligence, at least
upon the matters connected with the census. I
was one of the committee which had that matter
in charge originally, of which an honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] was chair-
man, and of which Mr. Underwood was another
member. It cost us a great deal of labor, and the
tables wt-ie very carefully piepaied. I was m the
minority upon the committee, dissenting so f«ir as
rejjajdnl many of the columns, and dissenting
essentially so far as regtuded the propiietyof pub-
lishing anything butthe enumeration of the inhab-
itants, and perhaps the real estate of the country.
But they went on m opposition to my views; and
what was the iesult? Why, sir, a book of twelve
hundied pages was presented to Congress. A
book of twelve bundled pages, containing the re-
sults of that census, was authorized to he pub-
lished under the mithonty of Congress, llow
siandsthat book? It dilfeM from every one of the
documents which aie laid befoie us. The Piesi-
dent's message cannot be changed by the I louse
of Represeniatu is, nor by the Senate. The re-
pons of the heads of Depattments cannot be
changed eit her by t he Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives*. but how h it with regard to tins book,
which is Known as the census o! the United States ?
Why, sit, the House of Repi esentafives have not
only assumed to < bailee the ongiual character of
the book, and make a compendium of it, but they
have sent to the Senate a compendium, of whn h
they are to be the author, and we the editor. We
are to edit the book of winch they are the author,
and aie to take it without examination, upon the
recommendation of the House.
Now, sir, if this census is to go out—and if it is
to go out as a book which may be arranged, edit-
ed, or compiled under the authority of the Senate
or ihe II on j- e of Keptesemative?—1 take the liberty
of saying that I wish the pen of the Senate at least
to be allowed to write a .-injiie page m that history.
"But, how stands it? Here comes a book from the
House of Representatives, to be published under
the direction of the Census Bureau, with certain
smooth columns, which will be very easily pi mud,
and will be very profitable to the printer. What
are they? One of them is a very curious piece of
infoimaHon to he sent out to the public, of how
many paupeis, how many lunatics, and how many
idiots tlieie aie in the United States; when, to my
utter surprise, in looking at it, and leferrmg to my
section of the country particularly, that which I
supposed every man wishing valuable information
to be published and sent out to the community
would desire to have in it, is left out. There is
i no column showing how many acres of land are
; under the proprietorship of individuals m the
i United States. That which I wish to attain, (and
| I would not increase the columns by it,) is to sub-
| stitute a statement showing how many acres of
i land are in cultivation m the different States. I
j would put that in place of the column of lunatics,
i and paupers, and idiots. Will any man say, in
! writing such a book, this would not be a more
| valuable piece of statistics than to state how many
I lunatics are in the United States? That may be
: information for the curious, but it can be ascer-
j tamed from other sources. I know it is much
; easier to prepare that kind of a book than the one
j which i would wish; and it has been sent beieby
i the House of Representatives, who undertake to
I be an intelligent author, sanctioned, I have no
! doubt, hy a very intelligent cntic—the Senator
| from Maine.
; I am not going to say that he would not be a
| very good leviewer, but allow me to say that I do
; not think it is a good book. If we are going to
reduce it from twelve hundred to four hundred
pages—and I think it could be better reduced to
two hundred—I am not disposed to mar it by
1 striking out columns; but m filling it up I would
strikeout the column of lunatics, idiots, and m-
; sane, and insert a column showing the number of
! acres of land m cultivation in each of the dilferent
■ States. That cou'd be very easily done. That
information might be readily obtained; and it
| would be somewhat germane to the taking of the
census, because Congress may possibly have
occasion to impose something like a direct tax.
What information have you now with regard to
property which is taxable? None at all. in place
, of that information, you have a detailed state-
ment us to lunatics and idiots. That is put in
because it will make a smoother column, and an
easier book for the printer. Then, 1 say, if we
are to have a printer for the Senate, I want that
punter to be under the authonly of the Senate
as an author, and not as an editor adopting the
authorship of other people's books. As to the
, two or three thousand dollars difference which this
; will make as to the expense 1 regaid it as noth-
! in .
| As I said before, we cannot change the standing
■ documents, but this census compendium to which
■ I have alluded could, if put under the caie of an
intelligent committee, be reduced from four hun-
dred to two bundled pages with advantage. I am
willing, however, to leave it a book of four hun-
dred pages; but [ would strike out many columns
which aie in it. It contains many items which
the curious may readily obtain fiom other sources.
I believe it contains a column showing the num-
ber of newspapers m the United Stales. What
do I caie about the numbei of newspapers? i
believe the number of paupers is another item.
1 s it not so 5 |
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 am notable to say. |
Mr. BUTLER. I think you have in it paupers, !
lunatics, idiots, and newspapers—very valuable
information! Why, sir, the newspapers increase
so fast that you cannot keep up with them. You
will have to take a census every year m order to
keep up with the newspaper race. 1 do not wish
to see all that, is valuable m such a work stricken
out, with a \iew to have a smooth, easy book for
the punter, and then have the [louse come here
and say to us, that if we do not take it just as
they airanged if, we are putting the cou>i£ry to ex-
pense. When I saw that I said, in good faith,
that I would mo\e a reconsideration of the reso-
lution ordering that printing. I am glad that the
question hascomeupin this form. 1 do not know
that I understand exactly the provision of the
amendment of the Senator fiom North Carolina;
I ask, therefure, that it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. It does not refer to the census
volume, but it separates the printing of the two ;
Houses; that is what I want I
Mr. BADGER. I wish at this point to sug-
1 gest a verbal amendment to my amendment, in j
the phrase "when different printers are elected." j
Let it read, " when there are different printers." I
It is perfectly immaterial, so far as this is con- i
cerned, whether they are elected or not. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in |
the chaii.) That change will be made, if there be 1
no objection. :
i There was no objection, i
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not think
that the subject of printing a compendium of the
census is now legitimately before the Senate, but
still, inasmuch as the Senator from South Carolina
has alluded to it, I beg leave to say a word in re-
ply, m order that the reply may go out with what
he has said.
He first announced that that was a book from
the House sent to us. In that theSenatoris mis-
taken. The House passed a resolution directing
the Joint Committee on Printing to prepare, or to
have prepared, a compendium of the work to be
printed. That resolution went to the joint com-
mittee, and was considered by them'. The joint
committee was composed of Senators and Repre-
sentatives. It may be that the Senators upon that
committee were unfortunate in the conclusions at
which they arrived. I assure the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina that none of them claimed
to be critics; far from it. But, in order to be ac-
curate in the matter, we did—what? We called in
a gentleman who had the subject in charge, and
who, I think, has some reputation as a commercial
statistician at the South, for the purpose of confer-
ring with him as to what would constitutethebest
compendium which could be made. We did call
in that man, and he came. We wished to consult
him because of his long experience in commercial
matters, and from his connection with this work.
It may be that the committee went too far in list-
ening to this gentleman, who is from the section
of the country where my friend from South Caro-
lina himself resides. It may be that the commit-
tee "Were too lenient in believing that he was too
well qualified for the duties of his office. I think
not, however. But it may be that there are some
tables in the book which might have been better
excluded and others included. I think, however,
that if the Senator fiom South Caiolina himself
had had the charge of the subject committed to
him solely, he would have found it utterly impos-
sible to compile any work which would "suit pre-
cisely every Senator. If we failed in satisfying
every Senator in every particular, I do not know-
that it is to be a matter of surprise. I can only
say that we gave to the subject the best examina-
tion we were capable of giving it, and acted very
much under the direction of Mr. De Bow, who I
then thought, and who I now think,is a man very
well fitted for that business, and very capable. I
do not know of a man whom I would select aw his
superior in this city at this time; consequently, if
1 were again to be charged with that duty, and
were to consult with any individual, I think I
should consult with him.
Mr. BUTLER. I think what I have said in
reference to this book is a sufficient reason to
reconcile me to separate the two printers, so that
I, as a member of the Senate, may have some
control over it. The Senator from Maine has re-
ferred to Mr. De Bow. He is a constituent of
mine, and I know him very well by reputation
and personally. I am not in the habit of indulging
m laudation or censure as to any one, whether a
constituent or not; but 1 have no doubt he is en-
tirely, in fact I think eminently, qualified for this
business; and I would be very willing to select
him for such a work. When I was upon the Cen-
sus Committee, however, originally, I differed
from him, if this be his selection; and I differed
from others; and I prefer other columns to those
which lie has included. I do not know that I
would have implicitly adopted Mr. De Bow's
tables.
Mr. HAMLIN". We did not.
Mr. BUTLER. T do not know that the com-
mittee did. There if? no person that [ would cake
sooner than Mr. De Bow to make out a work of
this kind; but that has nothing to do with my ap-
proving tables which I do not wish to see there. '
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, as to the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] that this amendment does not suffi-
ciently provide how the public printing which has
already been ordered by the two Houses of Con-
gress shall be executed, I would reply, that if
there be anything valid in the objection, it can
easily be remedied by an amendment, which he
can himself offer. The only argument which I
have heard against this amendment is the increase
of expense which will be occasioned by it. I do
not know what that expense may amount to. If it
should amount to quite as much as the Senator has
estimated it to be, it will form with me no suffi-
