1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
cient objection to supporting the amendment. I
think that amendment is rendered necessary by
the practical working of the present system; for,
-whether the distribution of the public printing
ordered by the two Houses has been so arranged
by the greater activity of the friends of one of the
printers, or whether it has resulted from accident,
the fact is nevertheless indisputable, that about ten
times as much in value of the printing for Congress
has gone to the printer of the House of Repre-
sentatives as has fallen to the Senate printer.
Now, I think we owe it to our printer, whom
we have elected, and who is our officer, to see
that he shall have as much, at least, of the print-
ing for the Senate as will support his establish-
ment. The item of $15,000 for an expenditure of
this sort is nothing new or surprising to the Senate.
The Senate were not appalled at the appropriation
of a much larger sum of money to a public printer !
who had much less right to it than the printer now
elected by the Senate has. A few years ago you
had the contract system; and a printer having en-
tered into his contract, knowing precisely at what !
rates he was to be paid, yet, after he had completed
the term of his contract, asked for more compensa-
tion, end you voted him some $50,000 or $60,000
in addition to the contract price for which he had
undertaken to do the printing. In other words,
you determined to indemnify him for loss, and
give him profits besides. 1 do not think, there-
fore, that it becomes the Senate, who have be-
stowed a gratuity by way of indemnity upon one
printer, to object now to providing, at an expense
of about one fourth what we then thought not at
all objectionable, for putting our printer in an in-
dependent position.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Maryland
will allow me to say that the amount is not §15,000,
but only one third of that, or $5,000. according to
the statement of the Senator from Maine himself.
The increased expense will only be double com-
position for the Senate work.
Mr. PEARCE. Then it is so much the better
for my argument.
Mr. HAMLIN. The increase will be §15,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I say that, taking.it at $15,000,
it does not furnish, with me, any objection to the
amendment. We have a printer of our own; and
if we continue to have a printer of our own, we
must furnish him with the means of an independ-
ent support. We must not allow the whole profit
and patronage of the public printing to be diverted
to the printer of the other House. If we do that,
we may as well give up our public printer, and
ask the House of Representatives to elect him
for us.
Now, sir, as it is very clear that the present
provision operates (whether from accident or de-
sign it matteis not) so as to bestow greater profits
from this patronage on one printer, and take, in
the same proportion, from the other, it is the
duty of this body, if it means to maintain its in-
dependence, to rectify that evil, and to put the ;
matter upon such a footing, that the printer of the
Senate may have a fair share of the public print- j
ing, or may do, at least, whatever we may choose
to order.
Besides, there is another consideration in this
matter which, it strikes me, is of importance, and
which we lost sight of in the original law. When
we direct printing to be done for us, which goes
to the printer of the other Ho.use, we have not
exactly that control over him that we should have ,
over the same printing if executed by our own
printer. We can dismiss our own printer. We
enn, at all events, do something in the way of
expediting the printing of this House, if it should
be improperly delayed, which we cannot do by
our own action if that printing is to be done by
the printer of the other House. I think the Con- i
stitution seems to contemplate that each House i
should regulate and manage its own proceedings;
and 1 do not know why the execution of our public
printing should not be regarded as one of those
proceedings which properly, peculiarly, and ex-
clusively belongs to the Senate itself. I think it
does. I think, at all events, that it is proper in ,
itself that we should not only have our own pub- |
lie printer, but that we should have our own
printing done by him, so that we have control ;
over him and over it. If it does cost a little more
money, I think, at all events, that those Senators i
who were so liberal a few years ago (and I do j
not mean to reproach them for it) to a printer i
under the contract system, will not object now to
doing that which is simple justice to our own
officer and to ourselves.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, my objections
to the present course are slightly different from
those of the honorable Senator from Maryland.
The very exposition which the honorable Senator
from Maine has given, is a sufficient reason with
me for voting for this amendment. It shows that
there is a scramble for the patronage connected
with the printing between the two Houses, and
probably the Executive too, for aught I know;
but we have not heard much about that. I think
§ 15,000 would not be thrown away if it would
prevent the state of feeling arising from such a
scramble. I think harmony between the two
bodies is far more important than any considera-
tion of an expense of that kind. There is, also,
An additional argument in the fact that that stale
of feeling would be further increased by continu-
ing the present plan. When a document is or-
dered by one House in the first instance, of course
it is first supplied that House, and, until the entire
supply for it is exhausted, the other House is not
furnished at all. 1 take it for granted that is one
of the results of the present course, and it there-
fore produces confusion. I think the whole sys-
tem a bad one. 1 hope it will be amended. But
while it lasts, I am satisfied that such an amend-
ment as this is necessary when two different
printers are elected, one by each House.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. Mr. President, I be-
lieve the Senator from Maryland has stated cor-
rectly the main argument in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. So tar as I am concerned, I am very frank to
admit that there is great difficulty in the execution
of the present law, and it perhaps may need some
amendment; but I think it can be modified without
the expense which will be consequent upon the
alteration proposed by this amendment. The Sen-
ator from Virginia, by the remark which he made
to the Senator from Maine, seemed to suppose that
the §15,000 additional expense stated by the Sen-
ator from Maine, as the result of this provision,
included the composition for the work both of the
House and of the Senate. Now, sir, by reference
to-the statement of the Superintendent, it will be
seen that it does not include the House work, but
that, beyond that, there will be an additional ex-
pense of §15,000, if the law be altered m the man-
ner contemplated by this amendment.
But, sir, the Senator from South Carolina has
given a wider latitude to the discussion of this
amendment than I had apprehended, and he has
gone back to a matter which has been pendmgbe-
fore the Senate for some months back, perhaps. I
recollect that shortly after I had the honor of be-
ing placed on the Committee on Printing, a prop-
osition came before them to recommend the print-
ing of fifty thousand copies of the census report
in a condensed form. The committee concurred
in the propriety of that, and so reported to this
body, and the Senate agreeil to their report. The
Senator from South Carolina has assigned his
reasons—of course they are satisfactory to him,
and I presume they are to the Senate—why he
made the motion to reconsider that vote; and I
have nothing to say in regard to it.
Sir, the principal cause which has placed the
census report in its present attitude, and which
! has delayed, up to this time, the action of the
printers upon the volume ordered by this body,
( results from the peculiar law now regulating the
I printing of our documents, and the fact that there
I have been two printers elected, one by the Senate
I and one by the House. In order to show that the
; calculation of an increased expense of §15,000
I does not affect the House printing, but relates only
I to the Senate printing, I will take the case now
; under consideration. The Superintendent says
that the adoption of this provision will require an
increase of §15,000 in the item of composition
alone.
Mr. HUNTER. I admit, after hearing the
matter explained, that the Senator is right; and if
the Superintendent be correct, it will add §15,000.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 take it for granted
that the Superintendent's statement is correct,
though I have not examined it myself.
Mr. HUNTER. I have my doubts about it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Hence the statement
of the Superintendent corroborates what I said
when I first addressed the Senate upon this sub-
ject. The facts and the arguments ought properly
to have been stated by the chairman of the com-
mittee; but when the question was about to be
taken, I saw that he was not in his seat, and
therefore I felt disposed to make the few remarks
which I submitted before, in opposition to the
amendment.
Now, sir, I know nothing of the scramble, if
there is any, for plunder, or for patronage, to use
a milder phrase, between the two Houses, the
Departments, and the printers. I believe there is
none. I have not the pleasure of a personal ac-
quaintance with the Commissioner of Patents, but
1 take it for granted, from his high character, and
from what 1 have heard of him, that he would not
descend to be a party to any such scramble. I
must say, however, that I thinkthe law, as it now
stands, does produce embarrassment, and I do
not wish to be understood as opposing a modifi-
cation of it, for I think it should be modified.
But I believe it can be amended without incurring
the expense which will necessarily attend the
adoption of the provision contained in this amend-
ment. I concede that in high party times an offi-
cer in this Department or of that may have bis
favorite, and by that mode of indirection deprive
this body, or the other House, of the right of
giving to its printer the work which legitimately
belongs to him.
Let me illustrate what I mean when I say the
law needs amendment. The mechanical portion
of the Patent Office Report was first ordered to
be printed by this body. According to the inter-
pretation now contended for by some gentlemen,
it is to follow, as a matter of course, that the
printing of the agricultural portion of that report
is also to go to the printer of the Senate, wno is
entitled to the printing of the mechanical portion.
If that be the game which is to be played, so far
from the printer of the House receiving nine
tenths of the work, as is alleged, the fact will be
that one of the best jobs of printing to be given
out by either branch of Congress is to be thrown
into the hands of the Senate printer; for, if I am
not mistaken, one hundred thousand copies of that
are to be printed. It is an adjourned question,
still undetermined, as to which of the printers is
entitled to this printing.
I thmk this fact, together with the trouble in
relation to the census compendium, shqws that
there is great necessity for a modification of the
existing law; but I think we ought to make the
needful alterations without entailing, as a stand-
ing expense upon the country, the amount which
'the statistics here show will necessarily result
from this provision.
Now, sir, permit me to say, that so far as my
knowledge extends, 1 am not aware that there has
been any chicanery or management in any quar-
ter to bestow work upon this or that printer.
Neither the printer of this body nor of the House
has opened his mouth to me in reference to the
public printing, so far as I remember. I" may have
heard the subject mentioned by outsiders, or gen-
tlemen who may have had connection with the
matter, though I am not conscious of that; but, so
far as the printers are concerned, I can say that
neither of them has approached me upon the sub-
ject. But in the discharge of my duties as a mem-
I 'ber of the Printing Committee, I have been im-
pressed with the belief that there should be some
change in the law, by which the committee should
be relieved from the annoyances under which
they now labor. I ask again, cannot this be done
without saddling upon the Treasury the annual
expense which the amendment will involve?
I wiii not undertake to state the /elative pro-
portion of printing which has been bestowed on
the printer of each branch. I am not sufficiently
informed in regard to that, for I have not been on
the committee for a great length of time. The pres-
ent law, and the machinery under it, went into
existence before I had the honor of a seat on this
floor, and I have nothing to say m regard to it.
But there is a contest pending before our commit-
tee which is undecided, as to which printer is en-
titled to two of the largest jobs ordered to be printed
at this session. One is the agricultural portion of
the Patent Office Report, and'the other the Census
Compendium, of which fifty thousand copies have
been ordered. These officers may appeal to mm-
, bers of the committee. If gentlemen occupying
i the highest departments are to escape unscathed
' from all suspicions in this matter, I ask, how are
