1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time;and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CURTIS. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to move a
single verbal amendment? If we are to legislate,
it seems to me we should do it in English. Now,
sir, there is no such word in the English language
as employe."
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to amend
at this stage of the resolution, even to save the
King's English.
Mr. SAGE. I demand the yeasand nays upon
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Hank?,
Belcher, Bell, Dennett, Benson, 13-hss, Bridges, Brooks,
J3ugg, Campbell, Carutheis, Chambeilain, Chandler, Club-
man, Claik, Cook, Corwm, Cummmg, Curtis, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, |
Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Edinundson, Thomas D. El-
liott, Everhart, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Franklin, Gid- j
dings, Green, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Hendriek*, Henn, Hill, Hillyer, Howe,
Hughes, Johnson, J. Gloncy Jones, Koir, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham,Lindslcy, McCulloch,McI)ougall,MeNair, Mace,
Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Middleswarth,
Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds', Mordecai Ohvei, Packer,
Powell, Preston, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbins, Rogers, Row*', Russell, Sabm, Sapp,
Seward, Shannon, Shower, Singleton, Gerrit Smith, Sam-
uel A Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Hector L. Steven?*, titration, Stiaub,
Andrew Stuait, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Tweed,
Upharn,Vail, Vansant, Wade, W.ilbndge, Wallvy, Ellihu
B. WasUburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, and
Yates—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Booock, Boyeo, Breekmudgc, Oarpon
ter, Chastain, Clingman, Cobb, Coy, Craige, John G.
JL>avis, Eastman, Ellison, English, Flaglei, Fuller, Goode,
Grow, ilaslmgs, Haven, Htbbdul, Houston, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kittrudge, Knox,
Letcher, Lilly, McMulhn, McQueen, Malte^ou, Millson,
Morrison, Murray, Orr, Parkei, John Perkins, Phelps,
Philhp-j, Pratt, Puryear, Utclmid^on, TluH'in, Sage, Sey-
mour, Shaw, John J. Taylor, iV.ithamel G. Taylor, Trout,
Walsh, Daniel i>. Wnght, and Zollieoftei—52.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a privileged questiorr.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was passed, and to lay the motion tb recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. FULLER. Circumstances make it neces-
sary that I should leave the city at five o'clock this
afternoon, and 1 would therefore ask I he unanimous
consent for leave to introduce the resolution winch
I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules he suspended, and that the House lesolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is upon the floor, and asks for leave to introduce
a resolution, which will be read for information.
Mr. JONES. Mine is a privileged motion.
The Si'EAKER. Thegentleman from Maine
may also wish to submit a privileged motion.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the proposition of
the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PULLER. Then I move a suspension of
the rules for the purpose 1 have indicated.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further eonsideiation
of House bill No. 242.
[Cries of « What is the bill.1"]
Mr. FULLER, It is a bill which was reported
31st January last, from the Committee on Com-
merce, and authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to build or purchase four additional revenue
cutters, which are now much needed by the ser-
vice.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
House bill JXo. 242. A bill authorizing the pur-
chase or construction of four additional revenue
cutters, and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the bill in
extensOi and let us know exactly what those other
purposes are. They may be the most important
of the provisions of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It appropriates
$60,000 to enable the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be built, or purchased, in such mode
as he may deem best for the public interest, four
additional vessels of suitable size and construc-
tion, to be employed as revenue cutters on such
stations as the Secretary may designate*, and also
regulates and fixes the pay of the revenue marine.
Mr. FULLER. In explanation of the bill, I
would ask the reading of the communication
which I send to the Speaker.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. JONES. I would suggest that the gentle-
man had better change the title of his bill, and
make it read, " A bill to increase the pay of the
revenue marine, and for other purposes."
Mr. FULLER. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, I will say that the compensation
is only slightly increased and varied to suit the
stations for which these cutters are designed. It
is absolutely necessary that there should be an
increase of compensation on the western coast or
Pacific ocean, in order that we may get seamen
on the Charleston and Texas station.
Mr. JONES. I do not controvert the gentle-
man, but I suppose the provisiortpfor increase of
compensation is the most important part of the
bill.
The question was then taken; and, on division,
there were—ayes 82, noes 38.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays.
Upon the demand for the yeas and nays, a di-
vision being had, there were—ayes 26, noes 74;
no quorum voting.
Air. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of Ala-
bama, and Chamberlain, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-three.
The SPEAKER. It is not one fifth of a
quorum, and the yeas and nays are not ordered.
The Chair will now proceed to ascertain whether
there is a quorum present.
One hundred and forty-four gentlemen were as-
certained to be present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that there
certainly is a quorum in the House, and as only
twenty-three gentlemen voted in the affirmative
upon the demand for the yeas and nays, they are
not ordered.
Mr. JONES. Twenty-six gentlemen voted for
the yeas and nays at first, and twenty-three voted
for them afterwards in the vote by tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair waived the count,
and ordered tellers. It was not very regulai to do
it. If he had followed the rules, he would have
ascertained at once whether there was a quorum
when the House divided by standing.
Mr. FULLER. I now move to suspend the
rule by which a bill making an appropriation of
money is required to be first considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
1 will explain what my object is. If the rules
be suspended, I intend then to move the previous j
question on the passage of the bill, after having j
the report read merely. This will take up very \
little time . j
The SPEAKER. The question, regularly, i
would be on discharging the committee from the j
further consideration of the bill. j
Mr. FULLER. Well, I make the motion that j
the committee be so discharged. [
The question was taken; and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
| proposition made by the gentleman from Maine,
| which is, that the rule requiring this hill, contain-
ing, as it does, an appropriaton, to be first con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, shall be sus-
pended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. 1 ask for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Perkins, of
New York, and Vail, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-seven—over one fifth.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were
—yeas 87, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ashe, Banks, Bell, Benson,
Bliss, Bocock, Breckinridge, Chamberlain, Chandler,Chas-
tairi,Clark, Clingman, Cook, Cox, Cutting, Thomas Davis,
Diek,Dickinson, Disney, Edgerton, Edmand?, Edmmid*ony
Thomas J). Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Everhart, Far-
ley, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gieen, Aaron Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Ilaven, Henn, Hibbaid, iJill,Xngersoll, John-
son, Koland Jones, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, LmcHey, Mc-
DougalJ, Mt'Nair, Maxwell", May, Mayall, Norton, Olds,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peckham, Phelps, I'hiHips, Preston,
Pur} ear, Ready, Reese,Thomas Ritchey, Robbms, Rogers,
Russell, Sabin,Sage,Seward,Seymour,Shannon, Shower,
Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Stratum,David Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Upham, Vans-ant, Walbridge, Walley,
EllihnB. Washburne, Wells, John Wentworth, and Tap-
pan Wentworth—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C.Allen;
Belcfier, Bennett, Boyce, Bridges, R rooks, Campbell, Car-
penter, Cobb, Corwin, Craige, John G. Davis, Dent, East-
man, tiddy, English, Giridirigs, Goode, Greenwood, Giow,
Harrison, Hastings, Hillyei, Houston, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kittreilge, Letcher,
Lilly, McCulloch, McMulIm, McQueen, Maurice, Mid-
dleswarth, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Packer, Paiker,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Pratt,David Ritchie,
Ruffin, Sapp, Shaw, Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Tiont, Vail, Wade, Walsh, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright
and ZollicofFer—G2.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rule requiring the bill to be considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole was not suspended.
IMPROVEMENT OF CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. ASHE. 1 offer the following resolutionr
Resolved, That the rules of the House be suspended,
and that the Committee of the Whole House be discharged-
from the furthei consideration of Senate bill No. 202,
j making an appropiiation for the removal of obstructions
' from tlie mouth of Cape Fear river.
Mr. COBB. I ask for tellers on that resolu-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
I The yeas and nays were not ordered.
! Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clikgman,
! and Harris, of Alabama, were appointed.
j The question was then taken; and the tellers
, reported—ayes 306, noes 13.
So the rules were suspended.
The question was then put upon the motion to
discharge the committee from the further consid-
eration of the bill; and it was agreed to.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
An act making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Cape Fear river, North Carolina.
Mr. ASHE. I move to suspend the rule which
requires this bill to be first considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken,and (two-thirds voting
'n favor thereof) the rule was .suspended.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to a
,hird reading;.
Mr. ASHE. Mr. Speaker, the best return I
can make to the House for the generous vote they
have given me in taking up this bill, and m dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole from its con-
sideration, will be the extreme brevity of the re-
marks I shall submit upon its merits. I will
dispense with the reading of the memorial of the
citizens of Wilmington, presented by me, under
the rule, in the early part of the session; but I will
read the resolutions unanimously adopted by the
largest convention ever assembled in that State,
representing, as it did, the chief interest of the
State. Tins convention was presided over by
his Excellency, the Governor of the State, Hon.
David S. Reid:
" Remhcd, That the General Government, by the erec-
tion of jetties on Oak Island for the protection of the for-
tifications there, and the consequent washing away of the
sands upon the opposite point of Bald Bead, and their de-
posit upon the main bar ot ('ape Fear, has been the cause
of great and lasting injuiy to the commerce of Noith Car-
olina.
" Resolved, therefore, That \vc may rightly appeal to the
Government, and we do appeal to it by ail the claims of
magnanimity and justice, to undo what it has done to our
mjmy, and to reMore what it has taken from us.
"Resolved, That, in the judgment of this convention, the
improvement of,the Cape Fear, by closing of the New
Inlet, is a work national in its character, constitutionally
unobjectionable, feasible, at a cost f.ir below comparison
with the benefit of its le&ftlts, of equal impoitanee to the
ship-owner and undervvuter ot the North, and the merchant
and fanner ot the South, and ot vital necessity to the com-
mercial interests of this State; and, moreover, that it
would obviate, at a great saving of expense to the Govern-
ment, all necessity foi completing the planaheady adopted,
and as yet but partially executed, for the fortification and
defense of Cape Fear haibor."
I will also mention that, independent of these
highly respectable appeals to the justice of Con-
gress in favor of this work, the last Legislature
If
