88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
RAILROAD IN MISSOURI-
Mr. LINDLEY, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by ita title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill granting to the State of Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public domain
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
therein."
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. GREENWOOD, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands:
"A bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the State of Arkansas, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from a point on the
southwest boundary of the State of Missouri, and
a line from Springfield, Missouri, to Bentonville,
Arkansas, via Bentonville, Fayetteville, Van Uu-
ren, and Fort Smith, to the southern boundary of
the State, north of the Red river raft, to be de-
nominated " the Western Border Railroad."
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers of Captain
John Pagan, with a view of sending them to the
Senate, to be presented by Senator Johnson, to
whose charge they were confided while he was a
member of this House. I hope there will be no
objection.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
OAKLAND AND OTTAWA RAILROAD.
Mr. CLAR.K, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill granting the right of way to the State
of Michigan, and a portion of the public lands, to
aid in the construction of the Oakland and Ottawa
Railroad, and branches in said State."
IIARBOU IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. CLARK also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce:
" A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors."
■SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. HENN, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill confirmatory of certain school selec-
tions."
RELICS OF GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Mr. HENN. I offer the following resolution:
Rcso?cc(/, That the (JomrnilTcc on Expenditures on liic
Fuhlie RiuUhnj,'* he rcijiic-tcd In inquire into ;htj expediency
of fietlms a part an appropi tate room in the K\ecntive Man-
sion, in ho [miusliod i:\clti .ively witli an idealised ny George
Washington dating Ins lifetime.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to debate
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must
lie over.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN?
Mr. MACY, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill to be entitled an act giving a right of
way, and granting alternate sections of certain
public lands, to the State of Wisconsin, and its
grantees and assigns, to further the construction
of certain railroads therein specified."
IMPROVEMENT OF GREAT RIVER AT POTOSI.
Mr. EASTMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read and adopted:
Resolved. That the Committee 011 Commerce he instructed
to inquire into the eTpeihencv of rpp'ntm? a bill mnkins an
appropriation for completing the improvement of the mouths
oftiio Great River atPotrwi, WnconMii.
REDUCTION OF OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr. WELLS offered the following resolution;
which was read and adopted:
Tlcsoh eil. That the Committee on the Post Officp and Tot-t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
ducing ocean postage, anil to repoit upon the same, at an
early da\, by bill or otherwise.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LAT/IAM, on leave, introduced "A bill to
authorize and direct the payment of certain
moneys into the treasury of the State of Cali-
fornia, which were collected in the ports of said
State as revenue on imports since the ratification
of the treaty of peace between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to the ad-
mission of said State into the Union," of which
previous notice had been given; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Ways and Means.
UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC.
Mr. LATHAM, on leave, introduced " A bill
to grant certain privileges to the trustees of the
University of the Pacific, situated in the county
of Santa Clara, State of California," of which
previous notice had been given; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lantls.
INDIAN AGGRESSIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM, on leave, introduced " A bill
to refund to the State of California the expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian aggressions m that
State," of which previous notice had been given;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NAVIGATION IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE, on leave, introduced " A bill to
provide for the removal of obstructions to naviga-
tion in certain harbors in the Territory of Minne-
sota, of which previous notice had been given;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CONSTRUCTION OF ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE, on leave, introduced the following
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee 011 Roads and
Canals:
"A bill forthe construction of roads in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, for military and other pur-
poses."
Also, the following resolution; which was read
and adopted:
Uesoh'Cd, That the Peeietary of War lie requested to
f'unii-di the House of RepteseMtative-s, as soon a- ptaetiea-
bK', with a copy of llio lepoit. esiniintes, anil maps of the
survey of the road t'10111 Mendota to the Big Sioux liver.
EXPENSES OF A CODE OF LAWS FOR OREGON.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, presented the following
joint resolution; which was read a fiist and second
time by its title:
" Joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of
a board of commissioners appointed by the Ter-
ritorial Assembly of Oregon, to prepare a code of
laws; also, to adjust the expenses of collecting and
printing certain laws and archives of the,Terntory
of Oregon."
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the joint resolution just read may
be read a third time and passed.
Mr. B1SSELL, Unless there be very pressing
reasons for the immediate passage of that resolu-
tion, I think it had better take the usual course.
I am very unwilling to make any objection to the
request of the gentleman from Oregon, but I think
it is a resolution which it would be well to look
into before we vote upon it.
Mr. LANE. I am unwilling to urge upon the
House the passage of any measure for the Terri-
tory of Oregon which my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Bisseli.,] or any other gentleman, may rea-
sonably object to. The reason why I ask the
passage of this resolution at this time is, that the
last Congress made an appropriation to defray
certain expenses in Oregon Territory.
Now, all I desire by the adoption of the resolu-
! tion is, that certain persons shall be paid for the
services they rendered according to the direction
of the Legislative Assembly. The money has been
already appropriated. "Commissioners appointed
by the Legislative Assembly have performed certain
duties, and the Comptroller of the Treasury De-
: partment asks that he should be directed to pay,
or ra'her asks that this joint resolution may be
; passed, authorizing him to audit and pay their
] accounts, it is not asking for money, but for the
privilege of disbursing money heretofore appro-
I priated for the Territory of Oregon for services
; t.lvendv rend^ied. lean see no objection to the
adoption of the resolution, 31,<1 I am inclined to
j think that my friend fiuia Illinois [Mr. Bissell]
will not persist in his objection. I ask the Clerk
to read the following letter from the Treasury
Department upon the subject.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Treasury Department, Comptroller's Office.
December 19, 1853.
Sir : The Legislative Assembly of the Teiritory of Ore-
gon, by an act ot the 8th ami 12th of January Ia>t, created
a board of commissioners, consisting of three persons, to
prepare a code ot laws for said 1 erritory.
The compensation of the commissioners was fixed at
$6 per dav; ctnd $6,000 were appiopriatod out of any morn y
appropriated hy Congress to defray the expenses of the
Legislaiive Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other
incidental expenses.
Another act was passed on the22d of December and Qfith
of January, appointing L. F. Grover a commissioner to
collect and piepare for publication the laws, journals,
Governors' messages, and public paper*, of Oregon, from
the earliest attempt to forma government, &c.,do\vn to,
and inclusive of, the session of 1^9, except the laws
ot that session, which were published in theboundvolume
of the statutes of Oiegon City in 1£51.— Lau.t> oj Oregon,
session 1K5"2—'.r>3, pages 57 and 85.
On the 7th of October last, Ceoige L. Carmy, Secretary *
of the Terntory, addressed a lettertothe Hon. Janie>-Guth-
rie, Secretary'of the Tieasuty, desiring to be mibrmed
whether he was authorized to settle the expenses incuired
under those acts.
That letter is referred to this office.
By an act of Congress, approved August £9, 1802, vol. 5,
page 540, the accounting (-iftep.rs ate expressly prohibited
from allowing any expenses tor which estimates have not
been made by the Sceietaiy ofthe Treasury, although they
may have been incurred by direction ot the Territorial
Legislature. The Territory of New Mexico created a
boaid of commissioners to prepare a code of laws,
and application having been made to defray the expense,
the question was examined with the result that it could
not be paid without the further legislation of Congress,
authorizing payment to l>e made. A representation
thereof being reported to Congiebs, an appropnation was
made, in the general appropriation act of March 3d, 1853.—
Session laws, page 198, chapter 97.
The balance standing to the credit of the appropriations
for compensation and mileage ot the members ot the Legis-
lative Assembly, officeis, clerks, and contingent expenses
of the Assembly ot Oregon, is ^35,S^7 22.
If the accounting officcis should be authoiized to settle
the evpense inclined under said laws of Oregon, and to
pay it out of said balance, there would not be a necessity
of making a further appropnation. A joint resolution, of
the character mentioned, need not be referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole, and it might be passed at once, if it
should be the pleasuie of the two Houses to act on it
promptly.
If authority should be given to the. accounting officers to
settle thc^e expenses, 1 will advise you or the Secretaiy, in
regaid to the testimony that should accompany the ac-
counts. Most sincerely your*?,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY,
lion. Joseph Lane, House of Representatives
Mr. BISSELL. It is always to me an ungrate-
ful task to oppose the slightest objection to any-
thing which the gentleman from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] asks for; as a general rule, I am bound to
say, according to my experience here, that what
he asks is reasonable; but I am not yet convinced
that we ought to pass this resolution to-day. I
think, notwithstanding all the gentleman has said,
that the resolution ou^ht to go to a committee, in
order that they may find out what is right, as I
have no doubt they will; and then upon their rep-
resentations, when they report, we can pass it.
i would adopt the suggestion in the letter which
has just been read, that the matter should go to
the Committee of the Whole.
I do think it quite prudent, that inasmuch as
the resolution is an important one, that it should
be referred; although it makes no appropriation of
money, yet it does direct the payment of money.
Y/e have not ascei tained the amount which it pro-
poses to pay, and I repeat that I think it quite pru-
dent that it should be referred to some committee.
Let it go to the Committee on the Territories, and i
pledge my word that the honorable chairman of
that committee, my colleague from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] will use all reasonable dispatch in
investigating the matter, and in reporting it bnck
to the House for its action. I move to refer the
bill to the Committee on the Territories.
The question was taken, and the bill was accord-
ingly referred.
THE LATE SAMUEL R. THURSTON.
Mr. LANE. I now ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage he leijuested
to mquue into the expediency of repoitmg to this House a
resolution authoiizing the payment to the widow and heirs
of the late Saniu11 II. Thurston, former Delegate fiomthe
Territory of Oregon, such balance of his mileage as will
make the amount equal to the sum paid the present Dele-
gate for mileage.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agieed to.
