798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
has referred, 1 have placed the amounts in exact j
confovmity with the estimates, except that for the j
Wilmington custom-house. The printed estimate .
for that is $20,000, but the Secretary of the ;
Treasury has since sent m a letter to the Com-
mittee of'Ways and Meansofthe House,reducing
that estimate to §]2,0U0.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I understand that a
portion is not estimated for.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. No, sir; all
these works are estimated for by the Department.
Although I remarked jocularly last evening that
peihaps this amendment wouid occupy three or
four hours, 1 have to say that instead of that,
thirty minutes, or even less, will be sufficient for
me to present my views of the question, and to
present the whole case to the Senate.
The Secretary of the Treasury, when he Sub-
mitted his annual estimates, included these items;
for by reference to Executive document of the
House, No. 2, page you will find that he lec-
ommended the following appropriations:
u Custo vi- Ho uses.
"To complete the custom house at St. Louts, Missouri,
$100,000. 1
'• To complete the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$6:>,ooo.
'•To complete the cus-tom-hous-e at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$40,000.
" To complete the custom-house at Louisville, Kentucky,
$40,1)1)0 i
"To complete the cu>toiri-hou>e at Bangui, Maine,
•$20,000.
" To completing the custom-house at JJnih, Maine,
£20,000.
•'To complete the custom-hutise at Wilmington, Del.i-
waie,
"To purchase n Mte for eu&tom-house at Providence,
Rhode IMcUid, {^24,000.^
These amounts are exactly those which I have
fixed in my amendment, except as to the Wil-
mington custom house, the estimate for which the
Secretary haw since reduced.
Before I proceed to speak particularly upon this
amendment, 1 wish to make a few preliminary
observations. My friend from Tennessee [Mr.
JoN't-'.sjthe other day seemed to think estimates
were sometimes made for the purpose of subserv-
ing the cause of demagogism in an approaching
presidential election; but that objection cannot
apply at, all so fat as this estimate is concerned.
11 can hove no application to the present Sectetary
of the Treasury, because the first estimate which
he has evei submitted upon the subject is that
winch is now before us. It is presented by the
proper officer of the Administration in power.
That Administration is backed by a majority in
this and the other end of the Capitol.
1 have submitted this amenrlment for the pur-
pose of completing works which have been here-
tofore begun, but which are incomplete and cannot
be finished. The very ai gument which the honor-
able Senator irom Maryland [Mi. Prut] used
yesterday, toinduce us to adopt his amendment in
relation to the aqueduct and the supply of water
for this city, applies with equal force to these ap-
propi latums. These custom-houses have been
r.ommen'-ed, and have been com men fed by Admin-
istrations pre< eding this. On account, of an in-
crease in ! he cost of materials,and from unforeseen
cabualities, rendering it impossible that the whole
cost of these wot ks < mild be foreseen, these appro-
priations aie now requisite. The appropriate
officer to asceitain that fact now in power has !
recommended that this should be done. The ;
amendment is to provide foi a deficiency which '
has ot'ciiDf'd ftom an under fstmmte, if 1 may so I
say, of a Whig Administration—the one winch j
preceded this j
The present Seci etsry of the Tieasury is a man !
with whom i would venture to trust any question i
us to the expenditure of money. Whatever may
be said of him otherwise, and however i may di"f- !
fer from him m politics, I venture to say, that if 1
you take his history as a politician in the State of '
Kentucky, if you take his course in the Legisla- |
ture of that State m i elation to our State finances, |
and if you take his administration of the financial j
affairs oi the fity of Louisville, or take even Ins '
own personal financial management of his own :
concerns, he is the last man in the world to be I
hmsh, profligate, and imprudent; and if I could i
ever tru*t a man in reference to safety, propriety, j
and economy in the expenditure of money, I would '
trust him, though I differ from him politically, j
He has estimated for tlie.se works. I
Well, sir, the House of Representatives it
seems, after these eiaimates were submitted to
them, refused to allow them. I contend that it
is necessary and proper that these appropriations
should be made. They are intended to complete
works which are now in progress. This is the
beginning of the working season, and unless you
make the appropriations now the woiks which
have been commenced will be subject to expo-
sure and to dilapidation, and it may cost more
ultimately to finish them, than it will cost if this
be done now. If you do not commence at the
proper season to go on with theworks^and if
you compel the officers to wait until the passage
of the general appropriation bills, (which I sup-
pose will be some time in next September or Oc-
tober, if they ever pass at all,) the entire woiking
season will be lost. The Senator at the head of
the Committee on Finance may then say to us,
you must delay this matter longer, for you can-
not commence the work in the winter, and there
is no reason why the appropriations should not
be deferred until next season. This is the argu-
ment with which we may be met, if we do not
insist upon these appropriations being made now.
I hope we shall insert the appropriations now.
This is the proper time and the proper place.
I know it is bruited about and said, by adopting
this amendment we shall be weighing the bill
down. How weighing it down? What have
you put on it alieady? You insetted yesterday
a statute of frauds and pei juries against invalid
pensioners, a tlung not at nil germane to it, and
which 1 think really ought to have been ruled out
of order. That is a proposition which I venture
to say would not have been entertained twenty
years ago; for I was told by a distinguished
Democrat this morning that twenty years ago
such a thing as a statute of frauds and perjuries
against invalid pensioneis would have been
laughed out of Congress if olfeied as an amend-
ment to an appropi uition bill. You put on that.
You not only put on that proposition but you
inserted an appropriation of ^500,000 for the con-
struction of an aqueduct, and for bringing water
into this city; and these ^500,000 were appropri-
ated as a sort of deficiency to $]()(),000 heretofore
appropriated for that purpose. That was upon
an estimate that the work would cost altogether
$2,300,000 to the (Jo\ eminent, without any cor-
porate assistance from this city, for which we are
to bring in water. I suppose, however, that, like
the construction of most public woiks, public,
vessels, and oiher things undertaken by the Gov-
ernment, the cost will eventually fall not much
short of $10,000,000. At any rate you put on
that proposition; yet now objection is made when
I propose to appiopnate £100,000, which is a real
deficiency, to complete the custom-house at the
cityofSt. Louis,wheie my friend from Missouri,
who sits beside me [Mr. Cikykh] lives. After
the extravagant items to which I have referred
have been tacked to the bill, you say you will not
appropriate that sum to complete the custom-
house at that important point, now, in the work-
ing season, when it is necessary that the appro-
piiation should be made immediately. Although
you know what vast commerce is concentrated at
that city, and although you know that from the
head waters of the Mississippi to New Orleans
all the States in that valley are interested in such
an accommodation for the transaction of their
commercial business, you come and say that these
people shall not have such an appropriation, that
they are not entitled to it.
it m not only proposed to reject these custom-
house appropriations for the large cities in the
valley of the Mississippi, but they are objected
to when proposed for Providence, Rhode Island,
and for Wilmington, Delaware. Those cities are
in small States. The "Blue Hen's chickens,"
and little chicks of that sort, are never to get a
crumb or to pick up anything; but still you can
appropriate your two and three millions for bring-
ing water into this city; and you can vote away
two bundled million-? of acres of land m alternate
sections for railroads. Still you cannot complete
custom-houses which have been commenced at
St. Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati, Wilmington,
Bangor, and other places where they are necessary
for the convenient transaction of the business of
the Government, and to enable the citizens to get
out their clearances and manifests without delay.
Although the commerce of the country is largely
interested in having proper accommodations, you
cannot make them these little appropriations, not
amounting to as much as you have already voted,
as a mere mite, to bring water into the city of
Washington ! Is this just? Is it fair?
Mr. President, I have such a cold that I speak
to-day with great difficulty; but there are some
other matters to which 1 wish to allude. Here
sits the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fesrenden]
before me. I know he desires to introduce an
amendment for the very necessary purpose of re-
building the custom-house at Portland, which has
been burned down. I shall voteforan appropriation
to rebuild that custom-house whether I fail m my
purpose or not; or whether it be tacked to mine
by way of an amendment or not. 1 believe, also,
that the Senators from California are entitled to,
and cughtto have,anappropnation for thecustom-
house at San Fiancisco. I have not, however,
included these, as I have preferred to present the
amendment for precisely such works as have been
estimated for by the Department itself, at the com-
mencement of the session, as dtficiencies. Do the
House of Representatives and the Senate intend
to abandon the Administration ? Has the Admin-
istration made these estimates to humbug Bun-
combe ? Have these estimates been madem order
to toll the people of St. Louis and Louisville, " we
will fool you; we will cheat you, by an exhibit
of a purpose, but as to the cash you are not to
have a dollar'" 1 want to know if this is to be
done when you are voting away millions for rail-
roads, in the shape of public lands?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will vote against your
amendment if you do not let the railroads alone.
[Laughter.]  
I Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I suppose
I shall get votes enough against me, in all proba-
bility, to kill my proposition anyhow, for there
seems to be a desire on the part of some gentlemen
to vote it down. But, sir, look at the points in
the valley of the Mississippi, for which I propose
these appropriations. Look at St. Louis. Look
at the vast commerce which centers there from
Tennessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi, up to
J Iowa and Wisconsin. Look at the vast region
: interested in the appropriation for the Louisville
j custom-house. Then look to the disastrous
i calamities to life and property which are daily
I and almost hourly occurring to the people of that
| gieat region, because you do not improve the
navigation of their great streams. Still, when
! they ask this poor boon, that you should com-
' plete a custom-house which you have commenced,
i as a convenience to their merchants and to their
! boatmen, to ease them in their shipments, will
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] oppose
I it? 1 thmk not. He was born in Indiana, and
raised m Kentucky, and he cannot, 1 am sure,
vote against this proposition. But further, I tell
j you now, and i shall do so more fully at another
s time, when you lavish your money upon other
portions of the Union, and all over the country
; except there, the people of that section will feel
; that if you rcject this little boon they are regarded
like an outside barbarian was, when brought into
a Roman arena, and their interests are to be
slaughtered, as those gladiators were, for the
i amusement of others who controlled them.
The men living along the Kentucky, the Wa-
bash, the Tennessee, the Red river, and the Ar-
kansas river want the snags removed from those
great channels of commerce. They want conve-
niences for doing the business which they have to
transact at the custom-houses of the country.
Yon have lavished your millions every where else;
and yet, when we ask for these appropriations,
the public policy and the public propi iety of them
are regarded as entitled to no consideration, and
no weight. Is this to be said at a time when the
party in power in this House, and m the other
branch of Congress, has a large, predominant,
overruling majority, sufficient to carry this appro-
pnation if they will? Will they not do it upon
the recommendation of their own Administration?
I think you have got an honest, sensible Secretary
of the Treasury, and I think rather cleverly of
your President. You are in power here. You
can overrule us. I am willing to vote for the cus-
tom-houses that are necessary in California, in
Maine, and in Delaware. 3 ask gentlemen if,
with their predominant party strength in both
Houses, they will endanger the bill in the other
branch of Congress by attaching to it the esti-
