1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
mates of their own Administration? I think there
is no danger of the bill being lost in the other
House.
I suppose that, hypothetically, and by way of
supposition, 1 may allude to that House. A fourth
of the year has now gone by, and suppose the
House of Representatives should continue, as they
have been doing, not because they are ambitious
young gentlemen, or cannot find game high enough
to fly a hawk at; but suppose they consume the
other two thirds of the year, from considerations
of moral duty and the force of patriotism, in an-
swering speeches made in this wing of the Capi-
tol; are you certain that you will get any general
appropriation bill passed? If you cannot tack on
these appropriations to this bill, for which they
were estimated, how are you to get them into a
bill for which they were not estimated, and for
which they were not recommended? Not only
that, but 1 presume, as has been the habit of
some former Congresses, this House has talked
now about as much as they see fit for economy;
and if they get into a collision with the Senate, as
they are modest, clever, young gentlemen, they
can excuse themselves to the people by saying they
were forced into this.
It seems to me that a simple, pure proposi-
tion to complete public works, which will suffer
if the money is not appropriated soon, ought to be
adopted without difficulty. This Administration
is not responsible for these works; but the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, from mere economy and a
sense of public, duty, has advised us to make the
appropriations to complete them When he has
done that, it is strange and singular that those on
this side of the Chamber have to come up and in-
sist on appropriating what is necessary for the
exigencies of the public service, when it might
have been expected that we would take exceptions
to everything done by the Administration. There
may be mysteiious and occult reasons of State
why the other side should reject it, but I have
never seen, and I cannot perceive, and do not now
discover, a sufficient ground for it. You have
tacked on to the bill almost everything proposed,
whether germane or not.
I am willing to vote for the bill according to the
estimates. 1 have that much confidence in the
Government that I should have voted for the de-
ficiency billjust as it came from the Department;
but when you tack on everything else, do not
turn off the men of St. Louis,.Louisville, Wil-
mington, Bath, and Cincinnati. When you have
added forty collateral provisions, and put in fifty
appropriations never thought of before, from your
public printers down to your invalid pensioners,
why refuse us what is fair and right? Sir, allow
me to say, before I conclude, that I do not want
the amendment, smothered to death by vaiious
other amendments, and I do not want it talked to
death. I have said what I have to say about it.
I have placed it upon its intrinsic merits and the
recommendation of the Department, and the pro-
priety of the measure itself. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I concur most
cordially in what fell from the Senator's lips just
as he took his seat. 1 would have voted for the
bill just as it came from the Committee on Fi-
nance, and I would have preferred very much to
vote for it in that way; but, inasmuch as they i
have added almost everything, pertinent as well
as that which is not so, I shall vote for the amend-
ment which is offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky to this bill. And in order that the matter
may be fairly presented to the Senate, I shall offer
an amendment to the amendment, including an
appropriation for the custom-house site at San
Francisco, and for rebuilding the custom-house
at Portland, Maine; the one recommended by the
Secretary, and the other reported by the commit-
tee. The sum named in my amendment is that
which is deemed proper on conferring with the
Treasury Department.
I know it has been said that this may defeat the
bill in the House; but, sir, the question in the
House will be one of a separate character—upon
the amendments of the Senate, and not upon the
original bill. I do not design to go into this mat-
ter at length, and I shall not do so. I offer the
amendment for the California custom-house be-
cause it was connected with the other proposition
before; and in regard to that it can be imagined
that 1 have repeated the explanation which" was
given by my friend from Virginia the other day.
in regard to the custom-house at Portland, it can
be imagined that I repeat what I said in regard to
it the other day. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky by adding to
it the following:
For the purchase of a new site for the custom house in
San Francisco, £250,000; and the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized, if, tn his judgment, the public interest
will thereby be promoted, to apply this appropriation, and
as much as may be necessary of former appropriations,.for
the election ofacustoin-hou.se on the land reseived for said
purpose, to the puichuse of a building or building?-, for a
custom-house and other public offices ; and the said Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby directed to take all legal pro-
ceedings which may be necessary or advisable to maintain
and secure the possession and title of the United States to
the lot heretofore selected for the site of a custom-house.
For the erection of a custom hou^e at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States courts, and for a
post office, §2v)0,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to multiply words upon this proposition.
I do not stand here to dispute the propriety of in-
serting in some other bill appropriations for the
completion of these custom-houses; but I wish to
remind the Senate that these are the identical ap-
propriations which defeated the first deficiency bili
m the House of Representatives. I wish to say
to the friends of this measure thatl believe they
will stand a much better chance for parrying it on
the general appropriation bills, or in a separate
bill, than on this. I have no idea that they can
carry it upon this bill, because I believe that if
the House do not defeat the bill on account of it,
they will reject the amendment. I think, there-
fore, the whole effect of adding the proposition
will be to getup a contest between the two Houses,
in which we shall have ultimately to abandon it,
because I presume there are few here who would
destroy the bill upon such a ground. It will not
be a new contest gotten up by the House; for if
we insert this, it will be done with a full knowl-
edge of the fact that the House have determined, so
far as their action in concerned, that it shall not
go into this bill.
It may be said that the same reason would
apply to a general appropriation bill. Not at all.
We know that in regard to any deficiency bill
many members entertain strong objections. I
think there is to some extent a prejudice against
deficiency bills. I believe there are many who
do not appreciate the necessity which may some-
times exist for bringing m such a bill. There is
therefore a certain vote cast against it from the
nature of the bill itself. When you come to add
those who object to it on account of its particular
provisions, vou endanger the passage of the bill.1
But, sir, a general appropriation bill has never
failed. This bill has already failed once in the
House, and it was restored by casting off the ap-
propriations which are now embraced in the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. I
think it would be more prudent; I believe it
would be better for the very purpose which the
Senator from Kentucky has in view—that of ob-
taining some appropriations for custom-houses—
to withdraw his amendment now, and to offer it
to some of the general appropriation bills. They
always pass, but this bill may be endangered.
Mr. GW1N. I have been very anxious since
this deficiency bill came from the House, that we
should put upon it nothing but what was palpa-
bly necessary. It came with the prestige of weak-
ness from the other House; and 1 was desirous
to load it as little as possible. Therefore, Mr.
President, when the amendment was proposed,
naving reference to the custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, which was estimated for by the Secretary
of the Treasury as eminently proper and pressing;
and when the "Finance Committee, by a unani-
mous vote, had offered it as an amendment to the
bill, and an amendment, which also was eminently
proper, was offered to it, it was supposed, as I
thought, by the Finance Committee that it might
jeopardize the bill to put on it even such proper
amendments as these for such proper objects, and
consequently I was instructed by the committee
to withdraw the amendment, and the amendment
proposed to it fell, as a matter of course. I in-
tended to carry that principle out to the end. I
did not intend to load the bill down even with
amendments for such propet objects as these, be-
cause I thought it right to put it in such a form as
that it might pass easily through the other House
with what necessary amendments we should make.
| But, yesterday, when the proposition came for-
j ward to give $500,000 to bring water into the city
| of Washington, the chairman of our committee
| [Mr. Hunter] gave way, and now I am, for one,
| for putting on everything for which there is a ne-
cessity.
Mr. HUNTER. The proposition was made
to put in the water appropriation. I voted for it.
I did so because it was estimated for by the De-
partment; because I had always been in favor of
introducing water into the city, and because, if
the work wastogoon,it was better to put it upon
this bill, and save a year's work, than wait'until
the general appropriation bill came up. I ask the
Senator if he was not in favor of the water appro-
priation ?
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of it now. I stated,
yesterday, that I would vote for it on the general
appropriation bill; but I was opposed to putting
it on this bill. The Senator, too, in his place here
voted for it; and I now say, that these appropria-
tions are as proper to be introduced into the bill
as the one for the introduction of the water. 1 was
for an appropriation for that object last year. I
am for it now; and 1 am for these custom-houses,
too.
Mr. HUNTER. The difference between the
two is this: we know that the custom-houses have
endangered the bill; we know that they did once
defeat it. We do not know that the water appro-
priation will defeat it, or ever has done it. R^ut
the Senator from California knows that I objected
when it was proposed to me in the Finance Com-
mittee to put it on as an amendment, not because I
was against it as an appropriation, but because {
was afraid that it would endanger the bill; but
when it was proposed in the Senate as an amend-
ment, which was not supposed to be against the*
senthnentof the House, why should I vote against
it, if i was in favor of the appropriation?
Mr. G WIN. I do not go to the House of Rep-
resentatives to inquire how I ought to vote. I
know that if this water appropriation is passed
through the House, the custom-house appropria-
tions ought to do so also. That is my opinion.
This being a deficiency bill, and for the first time
in the history of the Government such a bill
having been defeated in the 'other House, after it
was matured in the Committee of the Whole,
owing to the appropriations for these custom-
houses—so I am told, and I presume truly—it was
a warning to the Senate to put as little as possible
upon it. The committee which is responsible to
tliis body for the recommendation of appropriations
took that warning, as I thought, and although it
was supposed that my State was deeply interested,
and even madman exception to the other States, in
these custom-house appropriations, I acquiesced,
and we withdrew the amendment which we had
offered. But now, sir, I undertake to say that it
is as important to put in the bill the appropriations
for the custom-houses as it is to vote $500,000 to
bring water into the city of Washington to en-
hance the value of property m the city; and so long
as that amendment remains in the bill I shall vote
for every estimate which is brought forward by
the Department—every one, and I hope they will
every one of them be put in the bili. I want it
distinctly understood that I am m favor of the
water appropriation. I am perhaps a little more
so than those who talk more about it. I voted for
it originally. I shall vote to put it in another bill
hereafter; but I am not for extending a favor to
this city which is not extended to the western cities,
for improvements which they look upon as equally
impoi tant as the introduction of water into this city,
which, as we all know, will add immensely to the
value of property, xn the cityf while the property
holders contribute nothing towards bringing it in.
I am willing to be liberal to the city; but I want
the liberality to look beyond the city; and I do not
want the bill loaded down with amendments of
such a description as that water appropriation for
this city, while appropriations necessary for other
sections of the country are excluded.
Now, sir, I have been anxious—more anxious
than any other member of the body, because I
have a greater interest in questions which are
coming up, and more responsible than any other
, for them—to get this bill through, but there have
j been measures put into it which have made it an
omnibus, and which will delay its final passage
for some time to come; and I think, as we are
making an omnibus of it, it is well enough to take
