1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the Speaker
if the call of States for resolutions has been gone
through with?
TheSPEAKER. Xthas. Under the rule of the
House, it is the duty of the Speaker to begin the
call precisely where it was left off the day before.
If it is the pleasureof the House, however, under
the circumstances, the Chair will again commence
the call, beginning with the State of Maine.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the motion, if it be
in order, that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITII. I hope the gentleman w'M with-
draw his motion for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot yield. The gentle-
man will have an opportunity to attend to his
business during the morning hour to-morrow.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to—ayes 88, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the President's message; the question
pending being upon the adoption of certain reso-
lutions providing for its distribution to the appro-
priate standing committees, introduced by Mr.
Houston, upon which Mr. Wright, of Penn-
sylvania, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. The opening debate of this
House at the commencement of this session has
taken a somewhat unusual course. I do not think
that the country at large was prepared to antici-
pate the result, with regard to the opening debates
of this House, that we have realized within the
last two or three days. I am one of those who
believed, that after the great contests the country
has so recently passed through, when both the
great political parties of the nation seemed to have
concluded this warfare, and when the great battle
was fought and the victory won—I say, I am
one of those who believed that abolitionism whs
dead and buried; and until the day before yester-
day, when the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Smith] exhumed its lifeless body, and dragged it
again before this House and the country, I sup-
posed that it was dead and gone; but like the ghost
ofBanquo, it is again in this Hall, and before the
country. I do not propose to go into a discus-
sion of the abstract question of abolition. Wiser
heads than mine have already not only touched
upon, but dissected that subject, until it has not a
limb left to its body that is not completely muti-
lated. 1 repeat, that at this moment it is lifeless
arid inanimate; and the eloquence and power of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Smm«] can-
not resuscitate it<* putrid carcass.
Perhaps, Mr. Chairman, I ought not to reply
to an argument on the subject of abolition in this
Hall. I know that a large portion of the Demo-
cratic party in this House are opposed to renew
the discussion on the question of abolition. They
think, as a great portion of their party thought,
that no notice whatever should have been paid to
any debate that had a tendency again to bring be-
fore thecountry a question which is fraught with so
much evil to the country as that subject is, and
would be, if its principles are carried out. Yet, Mr.
Chairman, I never can sit in an American Congress
with my mouth closed, and hear doctrines ad-
vanced such as were advanced here the day before
yesterday by the gentleman from New York. I
refer you, sir, and members of this House, to a
single paragraph in the reported speech of that
gentleman, and I hope I may have the indulgence
of the attention of the committee, while I read the
paragraph to which £ have referred.
That there may be no mistake, sir, I will read
the paragraph:
" I admit that Austria is an oppressor; but is it not
equally and more glaringly true, that America iv< a fai
gieater and guiltier oppre«<or? Indeed, Austrian despot-
ism, compared with our despotism, which elates millions
of men, women, and children with cattle, is but as the little
finger to the loin* "
And the gentleman placed his hands on his body
as he made use of the expression. Now, sir,
when 1 am told in a high place that there is a
gi eater despotism in America—free, independent,
powerful, and gigantic as she is—when 1 am told
there js a greater despotism here than there is in
that degraded Austrian empire, I cannot repress
89
my feelings, nor can I permit such talk to go out
to the country without a notice of condemnation
and without a reprimand, I care not from what
source it emanates or who utters it. Sir, that work
ot exaggerated fiction which has lately gone forth
to the world, called "Uncle Tom's Cabin ," writ-
ten by Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe, the object of
which was to impair and diminish the character,
the power, the importance, and the social relations
ot this country abroad, is perhaps unworthy to be
noticed here; but when a gentleman with the high
character for talent and learning as the gentleman
from New York, comes here to stigmatize his own
country, it is dine for patriotic men to speak, and
to speak openly. The gentleman eulogizes that
Government which but a short period ago formed
a combination with Russia and Prussia to blot
from the chart of nations the nationality of Poland,
and took her share of the spoils m the division.
There was no despotism, sir, in thataet! The
gentleman from New York, standing in his place
in the American Congress, eulogizes that nation
which but a few years after, not only trampled
upon fifteen millions of Hungarians, but made
them worse slaves than the slaves of the Ameri-
ican fotates; and m that* 1 suppose, there was no
despotism ! The gentleman is the eulogist of a
State where the public press is entirely abolished
and obliterated, so far as reg'ards all practical pur-
poses, and where the people at this day are in a
more degraded condition than perhaps any other
people upon the continent of Europe. And that
is the country where, according to the gentleman
from New York, the despotism is inferior to
the despotism of this great and mighty Union!
Had the gentleman never heard of a certain
General Haynau, I think his name was, who,
commanding an Austrian army upon Hungarian
territory, butchered and slaughtered indiscrim-
inately, men, women, and children; and does he
come within the broad terms of the eulogy that the
honorable gentleman from New York applies to
Austria? A monster in human form, and whose
only passion seemed to have been to know how
much blood would ilow from Hungarian veins.
And who, afterwards, when mobbed by the brew-
ers of London, instead of being drenched in the
horse-pond, should have been hung upon Judge
Lynch's gallows. A man destitute of feeling,
and deaf and blind to all the common sympathies
of life. A man in proportions, but a monster in
mind and disposition.
Mr. Chairman, I must have the candor to say
that, with regard to those gentlemen who ditl'er
from me 011 the subject of abolition, 1 am willing
to accord them all the merit and honor that flow
from a somewhat overgrown philanthropy; but
when they ask me to indulge them in that philan-
thropy, at the fearful expense of degrading the
honor of my country and my country's flag, I
cannot consent to look upon their conduct with
the least grain of allowance. I had supposed, as
I remarked a moment ago, that this question of
abolition was dead. Practically it is. It has not
in this country at this time even a god-father to
stand by it in its extremity. Both the Whig and
Democratic conventions, which met at Baltimore
some eighteen months ago, ruled the question of
abolition as effectually out of existence as the
Austrian Government, of which the gentleman is
an eulogist, ruled out of existence poor, prostrate,
dismembered Poland. Upon neitherofthe Balti-
more plai forms of the two great parties of this
Union dared that hydra-headed monster enter.
At this day i do not think there is any respecta-
ble body of men—1 speak as a matter of course of
numbers—who have the hardihood to stand up
before the American people and proclaim they are
identified with that thing which, of all other
things, is most to be feared, but which, thank
God, is this day as harmless as the infant just
ushered into life It is powerless, and so are its
advocates. '
And in rising to reply to the gentleman, although,
perhaps, it might be saying what I ought not to
say here, I am giving character to the position j
he has assumed, which otherwise would go un- j
noticed. How long has it been smce that question |
was met and disposed of—and met and disposed of I
by the best and purest patriots of our country?
Why, sir, does the gentleman recollect that two j
years since this subject undei went a full discus&ion j
ill both blanches of Congress; and that men, irre- !
spective of party, marched up to the issue and dis- i
posed of it, as they thought, forever? Sir, what
were the counsels of those great men; some of
whom have left the stage of action, and some of
whom are still upon it? What has the gentle-
man to say in regard to the views of his illus-
trious friend—as 1 presume that he was, being
of the same political party—-the great man, and
the celebrated constitutional expounder, who but
a tew brief months since-laid himself down to
die, confronting that ocean upon which he had
looked with admiration for so many years, and
to which he had talked as friend talks to friend,
and who died with the blessings of his country
on his head; and his acts were fully approved,
on this question, by millions of his fellow-men;
and a man whose patriotism underwent the test
of the age in which he lived, and who lived but
to adorn all the social relations of life. A states-
man in every sense of the word, and, above all. a
gentleman.
What shall I say of the counsel of that great
man who has but just left the American stage?
What shall I say of another great statesman and
pure patriot who hailed from Kentucky, and
whose lips, in this Hall, touched by the fire of
inspiration, for half a century poured out the
purest eloquence, and the loftiest patriotism, and
whose funeral requiem has scarcely ceased now
to vibrate within these Halls? What also shall
I say in regard to that distinguished man who-
occupies a proud position in the coordinate branch
of this legislative body—I allude to the distin-
guished man who represents, in part, the State of
Michigan, and who, but a> short time since, when
representing his country at a foreign court, rose
up, and, in the piesence of all Europe, proclaimed
to the world the freedom of the seas?
These three men were the men who, but yester-
day, in the Senate Chamber of the United States,
joined hand in hand upon these compromise
measures which have gone forth to the country,
and have been adopted as its organic law. After
this sacrifice and mutual concession, and mutual
forbearance of southern rights and northern rights,
after all had been taken into account, are we at
this day, after the question has gone to rest, to be
annoyed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith] who comes hereto throw a firebrand into
the midst of thecountry, endeavoring, at the same
time, to dignify it by his position upon this floor,
while he degrades our common country by stig-
matizing it as a greater despotism than the most
despotic power upon the European continent?
1 honor the gentleman from New York, sir, for
his zeal; but so far as regards his judgment in this
matter, at this time, it may be a question admit-
ting of some considerable doubt; his zeal and dis-
cretion are by no means evenly matched.
Now, Mr. Chairman, having disposed of that
part of the speech which refers to the despotism of
this country, I want the committee to bear with me
until I make reference to another quotation from
the gentleman's address, and which is in keeping
with what I have already read and stated to the
House. I find this paragraph:
" Jlltts.' sir, what a -pitiable spectadc does our Jldmims-
trution piesent m thus willfully coriupting ChristUtmtyy
for the sake of saving so vile and abominable a thing as
slavery'! Jlnd then, sir, uhat a pitiable sfedade do the
Jlmerican people present in choosing such an Jtdministra-
twiiy and %n remaining patient under it- /"
In the estimation of that gentleman, this Ad-
ministration, indorsing these measures of com-
promise, after they had been adopted by Congress,
and by both of the dominant parties in the United
States, upon their respective platforms at Balti-
more, presents to the country a most "pitiable"
and humiliating position. Why? For its observ-
ance of the law? For its adhesion to the Consti-
tution? For doing right in the face,of Heaven
and of men? Does the gentleman from New York
pay due regard to the Constitution and laws of
ins country? I assume, sir, that he has been
sworn as a member of this body, and having been
sworn, I want to refer him to a smgleclause in th(5
Constitution of the land. 1 read from the 3d clause,
section 31, and article 4:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m conse
oucnee of any law or regulation therein, be <hpch.u«f>d from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered upon claim of
thp party to whom such service or labor may be due."
Then I desire to propound to the gentleman^a
question: How, in accordance with that clause in
the Constitution of our country, can he stand up
