1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
l«f
who might have voted against seconding the pre"
vious question.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum pres--
em now, it is competent for the House to vote.
Mr. WALSH, it is competent and proper, I
submit, to have the vote taken over again.
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair is
about to order.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair, i wish to know whether the second
section of the bill has been stricken out?
The SPEAK.ER. No section has been stricken
out.
Mr. FULLER. Has the bill been read a third
time?
Mr. KERR. 'I call the gentleman to order. I
submit to the Chair that debate is out of order.
The question was again put upon the demand
for the previous question; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 83, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas find nays upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If it is in the character of
discussion, even by indhection, it is out of order.
Mr. FULLER. 1 wish to ask if the bill has
been read ?
Mr. KERR. T call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine,
before he votes upon the bill, has the right to have
it read.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to state that this bill
was carefully considered by the committee. The
first section is right, but the second section ought
to be stricken out.
[Cries of " Order!" " Older!"]
Mr. FULLER. I call for the reading of the
second section.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso.
The first section of the bill provides that
$140,000 be appropriated for the year ending the
30th June, 1855, to be expended under the super-
intendence of the Secretary of War, for the con-
tinuation of the improvement of Cape Fear river,
Noith Carolina, at or near its communication
with the ocean.
The second section provides that the further
sum of $60,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be appropriated to refund to the citi-
zens of Wilmington, North Carolina, the amount
contributed by them for said improvement, and
expended therefor by the agent of the United
States in charge of the work.
Mr. FULLER. If it is in order, I will move
to strike out the second section.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The demand for the pre-
vious question has been seconded, and no motion
is m order.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to lay
the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 make that motion;
and upon it I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHE. There appears to be some mis-
understanding in reference to this section. I am
perfectly willing that the motion shall be made to
strike out the second section, and that a majority
of the House shall decide the question. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] reported the bill,
wi?htheunderstanding,upon his part, thatlshould
make the motion to strike out the section. Such,
however, was not my understanding. I do not
wish, however, to act with any misunderstanding
in reference to it, and I hope, therefore, the House
will allow the motion to strike out to be made. I
will not make it myself.
Mr. FULLER. I ask the consent of theHouse
to say a single word in explanation of my con-
nection with this bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate cannot be allowed
if objection be made.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion; and it was decided m the negative—
yeas 34, nays 113; as follows:
YRAS —Mesaie. Bocock, Bridge, Brooks, JohnG. Da-
vis. Ed murid^on,Faulkner, Goode,Giow, Hastings, Haven,
Hendricks, Houston, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, Gwoigo
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kittredge, Letcher, Lilly,
I McCulloch, lVJjllson, Moirison, Murray, Orr, Bit-hop Per-
S kins, Phelps, Powell, Shannon, Singleton, Trout, Vail,
j Wabh. Tappan Wentworth, and Daniel 11. Wright—34.
I NAYS—Messis. Ahererombie, Willis Alien, Apple,ton,
i Asshe, Banks, Belcher, Beii, Bennett, Benson, Bliss,
i Bojue, Dnjrg, Campbell, Carpenter, Cai utheia, Ch.tmbei-
! lam. Chandler, Chastain, Chri.smnn, Claik, Clmgman,
I Cobb, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Craige, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas
l)avn>, Dent, Dickinson. Eddy, Edgerton, Udmands, Thom-
as D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Eih.-on, Everbart, Farley,
Fentou, Flagler, Florence, Franklin. Fuller, Giddings,
Green, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Henn,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz,
McDougalJ, McMulhn, McNair, Mace, Macy, May, May-
all. Middleswarth, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai
Oliver, Parker, Peckham, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready,
Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Robbing, Rogers,
Rufhn, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Seymour, Shaw, Shower,
Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard 11. Stanton. Ilestor L. Stevens,
Stratton, Stratib, David Ktuait, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tweed, Uphani, Vansant,
Wade, Walbridge, Walley, Eliihu B. Wa-hburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John WenUvorth, Wheeler, Yates, and
ZolheofFer—113.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mi. PULLER. I now lise to a privileged
question, i move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. ASHE. Before the gentleman makes that
motion I desire to make an appeal to the House,
in order to relieve myself from a peculiar embar-
rassment into which I am thrown, in relation to
this matter. 1 state to the House that the citi-
zens of Wilmington have not asked to be reim-
bursed for the money they have expended for this
improvement. They are willing that this second
section should be stricken out. I, perhaps, should
have made that motion myself, originally, but, m
the confusion of the moment, I did not do it. I
now appeal to the House to grant unanimous con-
sent for the striking out of that section.
[Several cries of " Agreed!"]
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. FULLER. I then submit themotion which
I a moment ago indicated. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be read
aihird time. 1 ask the Chair whether that motion
is debatable >
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, for the
reason that the House have seconded the demand
for the previous question upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. PULLER. I then ask that the question
may be taken upon the motion to reconsider.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to a third reading.
Mr. FULLER. I delire to know if debate is
now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FULLER. I then move to strike out the
second section of the bill, and demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The same rule which makes the
seconding of a demand for the previous question
cut off debate, also makes it cut oft* all amend-
ments. I submit, therefore, that the motion tof
the gentleman from Maine is not m order.
The SPEAKER. It is true tlmt the previous
question cuts off motions to amend as well as
debate, but it has always been considered
doubtful whether it was necessary to reconsider
the mere seconding of a demand for the previous
question; and the Chair, therefore, decides that
while the previous question upon the passage of
the bill will cut off all debate upon motions to re-
consider, it will not cutoff motions to amend after
the vote ordering the bill to a third reading has
been reconsidered, and that the motion of the
gentleman from Maine is therefore in order.
Mr. PULLER. I ask then that the vote may
be taken upon my motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, There are
other amendments which ought to be made to this
bill. 1 hope the previous question will not be
seconded. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 85, noes 31.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. Fuller's amendment, to strike out the
second section of the bill, was then agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a, third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FULLER demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox, and
Harris, of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 98, noes 30.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was ordered to be put; which
/as. " Shall the bill pass
On that question I call for
was,
Mr. campbell:
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie,"Appleton, Ashe, Belcher,
Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Brecktnndjje, Kngg, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chas-
tain, Chrisman, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Craige, Gumming, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas Davis,
Dent, Pick, Dickinson, Disney, Eddy,Edgerren, Edmands,
Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Farley, Fen-
ton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Giddings, Green, Green-
wood, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Henn, Hill, Howe,
Hughes, Johnson, Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kuitz, Linds-
ley, McDougall, McNair, Macy, Matteson, May, Mayall,
Middleswarth, Morgan; Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordeeat
Oliver, Parker, Peckham, Phillips, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Rogers, Rufftn, Russell,
Sahint Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Gerrit
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton,
Stratib, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, West-
brook, Wheeler, Yates, and Zolhcoffer—110.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Bocock, Bridge?, John
G. Davis, Edmuiidfon, Coode, Grow, Hastings, Haven,
Hendricks, HqjMon, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones,
Letcher, McCulloch, McMulhn, .Millson, Morrison, Mur-
ray, NiehoLs, Powell, Rowe, Singleton, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Vail, Walsh, and Daniel B. Wright—28.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been passed; and also that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
LIMITATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That for the remaining part of the present ses-
sion, all il«baie in the committee of the Whole on the «*tate
ot the Union, %hall be confined strictly to the question or
proposition immediately under consideration.
Mrr~ JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the foregoing resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report back Senate bill No 11, be-
ing an act making grants of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads therein.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HENN. Then I move that the rules of
the House be suspended to enable me to report
back the bill.
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
permit me to offer a resolution as to the time of
meeting of the House, which, I think, will meet
with unanimous support.
Mr. HENN. I withhold my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then 1 offer the following
resolution:
Rc*olved> That on and after the 11th of July, instant, the
Hous-e of Representatives will assemble, for the transaction
of business, at eleven o'clock, a. in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to suggest an
amendment to that resolution so as to have one
hour for morning business. It is that the House
will not resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole until twelve o'clock every day.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
an amendment to the resolution of the gentle-
man from Alabama. Add to the end of the res-
olution the following words: " And no motion
shall be in order to adjourn until four o'clock, p.
m." [A laugh.]
