90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec, 22,
here an advocate of a law that is superior to the
Constitution itself?
The gentleman is a renowned and distinguished
lawyer, and he has read that clause of the Consti-
tution time and time again. How, then, let me
ask him, can he, as a constituent part of this legis-
lative body, put his hand upon the Holy Evan-
gely, and swear to support the written Constitu-
tion of the country, and, at the same time, be the
advocate here of a principle which says that there
is a higher law than the Constitution of his coun-
try ? I know no law with regard to municipal
regulations, with regard to questions of govern-
ment, that should be superior, that is superior to
the written Constitution of our country. And,
sir, if the day shall ever come in this country
when higher law shall be used as a substitute for
the written law, God in his mercy protect us, and
the twenty-three millions who enjoy the blessings
of free institutions with us.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gentle-
man yield me the floor to reply to his question ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Does the gentleman desire to
make a speech ?
Mr. SMITH. I rose, not because I wish to
reply to the gentleman's question, for I do not wish
to reply to it. But, as he put the question to me,
and might deem me uncivil were I not to reply to
it, I am willing to reply to it; and I trust that
the gentleman will feel no better after my reply.
Mr. WRIGHT. After having called the gen-
tleman out, I cannot refuse him the floor.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman has referred me
to that clause of the Constitution which respects
fugitives from service; and it is on this clause that
his question is based. Now, not to consume the
time of the gentleman with any other reason for
my denying that the word " service " in the Con-
stitution refers to slavery, 1 will only advert to the
fact, that three days previous to the close of the
convention which framed the Constitution, the
committee on style made their report; and that
then it was moved to strike out the word " servi-
tude," and to sftpply its place with the word
"service." This substitution was made by a
unanimous vote, and for the avowed reason that
" servitude " denotes the condition of slaves, and
"service" the condition of freemen. I hold,there-
fore, that the word " service " in the Constitution
refers to freemen, and to freemen only. To hold
that the framers of the Constitution did, after the
substitution I have referred to, mean that the word
should refer to slavery, would be to stigmatize
them with hypocncy. I add that the facts I have
here given, may be found in the Madison papers.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is not my recollection of
thehistoncal proceedings of that convention which
formed the Constitution.
Mr. SMITH. I refer the gentleman to the
Madison papers.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is not my construction
of those papers. The very change of which the
gentleman speaks was made upon the suggestion
of a southern member of that body, who thought
it would be better not to introduce the word
"slave" into the Constitution, and therefore he
moved to strike it out and insert in its place, " in-
voluntary servitude." That is the history of this
change, as I think I am prepared to show to the
gentleman from New York, to the House, and to
the country. And can the gentleman—I am not
putting the question to him now with a view of
an answer—(laughter)—1 say, can the gentleman,
as a sound lawyer, putting upon the Constitution a
proper construction, as lie has the ability to do,
can he assert that this third clause of the Con-
stitution does not embrace slaves as well as other
persons held to involuntary servitude: So the
courts have decided. So lawyers have learned
it; and none have perused it, I presume, more
carefully than the distinguished gentleman from
New Yoik, [Air. Smith.]
When that gentleman approached that stand,
and with the Evangelist in his hand, swore to
support the Constitution of his country, upon
what principle can he get up here and state that
he is governed by a higher power than that which
he has sworn to support and obey ? No, sir; the
gentleman cannot answer that question. It is not
susceptible of an answer. There he must swing,
upon the position he has fixed for himself.
Mr SMITH. Will the gentleman alio w me to .
try to answer it ? [Laughter.] .. I
Mr. WRIGHT. N*o, sir; I cannot allow thp !
gentleman to interfere with my time, for it is pre-
cious. Nov/, having been elected a member of
this body, and having sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the country, I maintain that there is
no power, either above or below, that is superior
to that Constitution, which has received his solemn
assent, and to support which he is bound by all
the obligations of a solemn oath.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know what effect the
gentleman's speech is going to have upon the
country. It has gone out—it has been published
—it has been read, I presume, by every Abolition-
ist in the land; or, if it has not, it certainly will be,
for I regard that gentleman as the head and front
—the great leader of that very small party—
at the present time. But I have no idea that the
arguments contained in that speech will make any
new converts to his theory.
I think the time has gone by in the annals of
American politics and philanthropy when a fac-
tion—as the Abolition faction is—will be permitted
even to carry a firebrand, much less to attempt to
burn our fair political fabric. They have not the
power to do evil, if they have the inclination.
Many years ago, the great State of Pennsylva-
nia, which I have the honor, in part, to represent,
and whic,h I am proud to represent—for I do not
say as others have said, that it was my wish to
have been born in some other part of the Union
than Pennsylvania—for I am proud to come here
as a Pennsylvania!!, and rejoice in the land of my
birth—I honor her name and her institutions;—but
I am digressing. I was about to say that years
and years ago, the Commonwealth of Pennsylva-
nia abolished from her statute-book, the right to
hold persons in involuntary servitude. She did
it as a sovereign State; she bad a constitutional
right to do it; and neither the gentleman from New
York, nor any other gentleman has any right to
complain of this exercise of this constitutional sov-
ereignty as regards the State of Pennsylvania. In
the full plentitude of her power and sovereignty,
she acted. She impaired no bond she had entered
into with the Federal Government. She violated no
pledge. Sheacted in view of, and consonant with,
her own vested rights, and the act being sovereign
and supreme, no power on earth had the right to
question her motives. And because my State did
this act, I rejoice at it, for slavery, in the abstract,
I condemn; but to abolish it elsewhere is an en-
tirely different position, so far as Pennsylvania is
concerned, anil also the General Government, as to
its power to interfere with the domestic relations
of the States.
Whether the State of New York was a slave
State or not I do not know.
Mr. SMITH. She was.
Mr. WRIGHT. Some gentleman answers the
question m the affirmative. I presume that an-
swer is correct. If she were a slave State then,
the gentleman will admit that, under the power of
her organic law, and under the panoply of her State
soveieignty, she abolished that institution. And
what right had the State of Pennsylvania to make
any complaint in regard to it? None, sir, whatever.
The States, all will admit, are sovereign and
supreme for the enactment of all their internal
regulations, except such as they have conceded to
Congress, under the Constitution of the United
Stales; but the doctrine of the gentleman from
New York, if bis theory be carried out and
adopted, goes to destroy that sovereignty, and to i
consolidate all power here; to destroy, for all
practical purposes, a combination and league of i
these respective sovereignties which has conferred 1
countless blessings upon man—which has pro- I
duced much of the liberty we enjoy at home, and
all the advantages which we have experienced in
our commercial"relations abroad.
It has been said and contended, time and again,
that Congress has no power to legislate upon this
question. Why, then, does the gentleman from
New York drag it before the country, when it is
acknowledge!], on all hands, that we have no
power over the subject—just as powerless as that
hand would be if every bone in this arm were
broken. Yet, forsooth, this question must be
talked about; it must be made a theme for speeches;
and time and time again, no doubt, during the
present session we shall have the scare-crow of
the " death's head and cross-bones" staring us in
the face; and, perhaps, before the session is ended,
the gentleman from New York will not even
know his own bantling
Now, what shall I say in reply to the honor-
able gentleman from the State of Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings ?] What shall I say in reply to his obser-
vations ? Do not let the gentleman suppose that
I am putting the question now with the view
of obtaining from him an immediate answer.
[A laugh.] I know he is always ready; and will,
perhaps, answer at much greater length than I
would be willing he should in view of the time
allotted me under the rules. By no means let him
suppose so. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentleman-
from Pennsylvania if he desires it.
Mr."WRIGHT. Not at all, at present. [Re-
newed laughter.] I pay deference at all times to
age, and the gentleman from New York, is, un-
doubtedly, many years the junior—at least, such
is my impression when I look at the two gentle-
men in their seats. But what shall I say to the
gentleman from Ohio ? He used very hard talk
yesterday, when he said that every man north of
Mason and Dixon's line, was a " dough-face." I
would ask the gentleman a question, and will not
object to a categorical answer. I would ask him
if he lives north of Mason and Dixon's line?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then, according to the gen-
tleman's own assertion, he is himself a " dough-
face." [Great laughter.] He is in the same
catalogue he places the rest of us. He is very
kind.
Sir, the speech that the gentleman from Ohio
made yesterday I have heard time after time, and
again and again, during the last ten years. It is
a stereotyped edition, and as the country is bound
to be afflicted with it annually, and as we were to
have a repetition of it this session, as \ve' have
had in former sessions, it was just as well that
he should put it to press now, and send it out at
this early stage. It was all ready.
Now, as the gentleman has designated every
man who resides north of Mason and Dixon's line
as a " dough-face," I would ask 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope now that the gentle-
man will allow me to explain.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, no; I cannot. I am
afraid the gentleman from Ohio will occupy more
of my time than I would be willing to allow; and
I do not desire the hour the committee allows me
to be filled up with principles and doctrines I ab-
hor.
The gentleman having made this remark in re-
gard to " dough-faces," I merely wanted to make
an allusion to it. As to the substance of what he
said yesterday, it has been so often replied to in
the Congress of the United States, that I pass it
by, e.ven without a single solitary remark. It is
not my. purpose to give him notoriety by noticing
his ai gitayuit.
I desii™ow to refer the House, and particu-
larly the gentleman from New York, to the con-
cluding sentenceof the great speech madeby Daniel
Webster in the other branch of this legislative
body on the subject of the compromise measures.
I desire the gentleman from New York to listen
to the quotation from the speech of that great
man. Mr. Webster says in that speech:
"No inonnichical throne presses these States together; no
iron chain of despotic power encircles them ; they live and
stand upo'i a government popular m its form, reputable in
its character, founded nil pimoiples of equality, and cal-
culated, we hope, to last forever. Ill all its history it has
Iteen beneficent; it has trodden down no mail's liberty; it
has crushed_no State. Its daily lespiration is libelty and
patriotism; its yet youthful veins all full of enterprise, cour-
age, and honoiable love of glory and renown."
But why do I call the gentleman's attention to
j this speech, delivered by undoubtedly the master-
mind of the age in which he lived? I regard
Daniel Webster as the greatest spirit of the
nation-—the man of the most mind. Possessin0*
the profoundest intellect, and the largest judgment
of any of his contemporaries. I think there can
be no question in regard to that, and no two
opinions upon the subject. What I want the
attention of the gentleman to is these words: " It
has trodden down no man's liberty; ithascrushed
no State." And yet that great country which
has "crushed no State," which "has trodden
down no man's liberty," is a despotism, in the
opinion of the gentleman from New York, worse
than the despotism of Austria ! The great Secre-
j tary , in reply to Mr. Hulsemann, with one brush
j of his hand, displaced " the patch" which before
■ had resented Austna in the diplomacy of nations.
