92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 28,
the last Congress to the Assistant Postmaster
General. Put them both upon the same basis—
let the law be perfected. These are allthe remarks
I desire to present at this time.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, followed, and ad-
vocated the joint resolution of the Senate, pre-
scribing the mode of appointing the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury. He argued at length
to prove that he was correct in asserting, when
this subject was under consideration in the House
the other day, that the Constitution required offi-
cers of this grade to undergo the supervision of
the Senate, and extensively quoted the debates on
the formation of that instrument, in support of
•this position.
[Mr. B.'s remarks will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. B. having concluded—
Mr. PHILIPS obtained the floor.
Mr. HILLYER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama to give way for a motion
that the committee do now rise.
Mr. PHILIPS. I yield for that motion, if it
be the pleasure of the committee.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Orr.)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
the annual message of the President of the United
States, and hud come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that when this House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Several Members. Let us wait till to-morrow,
and then adjourn over till Tuesday.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, (Mr. Dawson.]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CHURCH WELL demanded tellers upon
the motion; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Jones, of New York, and Sapp were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 45.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in
the chair.) The motion is lost, as nothing less
than a majority can adjourn over longer than from
day to day.
On motion by Mr. ASHE, the House then ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 23, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Wii.i.iam H. Milbuhn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. STUART. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Thomas G. Wickham and
others, masters of first-class sailing vessels en-
gaged in the lake trade, praying that a light-house
may be erected at St. James, on Beaver Island, in
Lake Michigan; which I ask may be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
It was so refei led.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of the heirs
of Captain Joshua Chamberlam, praying compen-
sation for services rendered by him in the revolu-
tionary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. 00DOE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
William Rees, praying to be allowed to locate ten
thousand acres of land, in one tract, for a normal
settlement; which was referred to the Committee
n Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT. I present the memorial of
Major J. S. Stmonson, m behalf of himself and
other officers of the regiment of mounted rifle-
men serving in Oregon, praying that the same
extra pay which is allowed by the act of March
3, 1853, to the troops of the same regiment which
is stationed at Fort Laramie, may be ex fended to
those serving in Oregon. A similar petition was
presented a few davs ago by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Weller,] asking an increase of
compensation for the troops serving m California. ]
1 see no reason why the same rate of compensa- |
tion should not be allowed to those who served ill
Oregon at the same time; certainly, the expenses
there are equal, if not greater; and I join with the
Senator from California in urging the immediate
consideration of the subject on the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which I move that the petition
be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of James
D. Cobb, praying to be allowed a just amount of
arrearages of pay, as an officer of the Army, for
having been dismissed from the same by the sen-
tence of an illegal court-martial; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, praying a
grant of land to aid in the construction of the Mis-
sissippi branch of the St. Louis and Iron Mount-
ain Railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, two memorials of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, praying a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the North Missouri Railroad; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PITZPATRICK presented the petition of
Ann Simmons, widow of Samuel Simmons, a
soldier who died in service, during the last war
with Great Britain, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of Y. R. Hall
and others, boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and
sailmakers in the Navy, asking for an increase of
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of the
legal representatives of John G. Mackall, deceased,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for then-
relief; which was read a first time, and passed to
a second reading.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mary W. I'er-
rme be withdrawn I rum the files ot the (Senate, auil reftiiied
to tlie Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordcicd, That the petition and papers of William C.
Barton be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands among the
States.
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a joint resolution directing a
sword to be presented' to the nearest male relative
of Major Samuel Ringgold, late of the United
States Army.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill making further
provision against counterfeiting the current coin
of the United States, and passing counterfeit coin.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked nnd obtained leave to introduce a
bill giving further time for satisfying claims for
bounty land for military services in the war of
1812; which was read u first and second time by
j unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Oulcred, That tile t-efeet committee, winch was raised
yesterday, to consider and lepra! in regard to Hie proper
organization ot the officers of the Senate, be enlarged fiom
three to five members.
^ The President appointed Messrs, Mason, Cass,
Clayton, Bayard, and Peaiice, as the committee.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON FRENCH SPOLIA-
TIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the consent
of the Senate to be excused from serving on the
select committee, to which the bill and documents
relating to French spoliations were referred, upon
which I was placed by the Presiding Officer. I
desire merely to say to the Senate, that I have
already on my hands more business than I feel
myself able to perform satisfactorily. I shall be
•giad, therefore, if the Senate will excuse me from
serving on that select committee.
He was accordingly excused,and the President
appointed Mr. Adams to fill the vacancy.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. PRATT. As the morning business seems
to be completed, I propose, with the consent of
the Senate, that three or four bills which passed
the Senate at the last session, and which have been
reported again at this session from the Committee
on Claims, be now taken up and passed. They
were acted upon by the Senate at the last session,
when there was a full Senate,and therefore I think
the only objection which can be urged to their
being taken up and passed now, by reason of there
not being so many Senators present as might be
necessary were it business which had not before
received the consideration of the Senate, is obvi-
ated.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
to the Senator from Maryland that there does not
appear to be a quorum present at this time.
Mr. CHASE. One of the bills referred to by
the honorable Senator from Maryland has been
printed, and lies upon the tables of Senators. It
is a bill " for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swann, deceased." That bill is
to provide for the payment of a very meritorious
claim. It was reported upon favorably last year,
after a very careful investigation, and it has again
been reported upon favorably this year. The
bill passed the Senate last session in a full Senate.
I hope it will be the pleasure of the body to take
it np and act upon it at this time.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objeciion to that
course of proceeding, and 1 shall interpose none;
but the Presiding Officer has announced that there
is no quorum present, and I do not think we ought
to proceed with any business until we ascertain
that fact.
Mr. PRATT. There is a quorum now present.
Mr. BADGER. Very well.
Mr. Chase's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the legal rep-
resentatives of Major Caleb Swann, the amount of
his compensation as paymaster in the Army from
July 1, to December 31, 1808, and a commis-
sion of one half of one per centum on the amount
of bills of exchange negotiated by him under the
directions of the War Department, for the purpose
of raising money for the use of the Army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. PRATT. I now ask the Senate to do me
the favor to take up and consider one of the bills
to which I have referred, and which has been
reported by the Committee on Claims. I refer to
the bill " for the relief of the legal representatives
of Doctor William Somerville, deceased," which
Wits passed in a full Senate at the last session of
Congress.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that the bill has been sent to the printer, and has
not yet been returned.
CRYSTAL PALACE EXHIBITION.
The PRESIDENT. I have received a letter
frcm Theodore Sedgwick, President of the Asso-
j ciation for the Exhibition of the Industry of all
, Nations, with a request to lay it before theSenate.
1 It will be read.
The letter was read. It invites the members of
the Senate to visit the Exhibition of the Industry
of all Nations, now open in the city of New York,
and incloses tickets, on the presumption that it
would be more convenient for members of the
Senate to go singly, at such times as might suit
them, rather than go in a body; though, if they
prefer the latter course, the Association will be
ready to receive them.
The letter was ordered to lie on the table.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill " to continue in
force the act entitled,' An act to ascertain and settle
the private land claims m California,' and for other
purposes;" which was read afirst and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. PETTIT subsequently said; Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire to report back from the Committee
