1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ton Union of Saturday last, an article published
in that paper in reference to my colleague in this
House, [Mr. Taylor,] who is said in that article
to have declared his intention to vote in favor of
the Nebraska bill.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man is not in order. This is not a privileged
question.
Several Members. Let him proceed.
Mr. BENNETT. An article appeared in the
Washington Union on Saturday last, in relation
to my colleague, in which it is stated that he had
avowed his delermination to vote for the Nebraska
bill. I have received a large petition against this
bill from the county of Tioga, where ray col-
league resides, (which was formerly m my dis- j
trict,) signed by, I think, over one thousand citi- 1
zens, with a request to present it in the House.
I should have piesented this petition under the
rule, knowing some gentlemen would object to it.
But the petition was accompanied with a state-
ment that it was designed as an instruction to my
colleague to vote against the Nebraska bill; and
that he had declared, in a public meeting, in that
county, that he would vote against the Nebraska
bi'il or resign, and signifying their request to have
him do so.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Mr. Speaker,
all this is out of order.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from New
York will state very briefly the question of
privilege. x ;
Mr. BENNETT. The point I make is this: j
It is evident my colleague is greatly misrepresent-
ed by his own people, in his own county at
home, or by the Washington Union here; and I
wish, if he desires, to give him an opportunity to
explain.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation.
It was objected to.
The SPEAKER. Then the question recurs on
the motion that the House do now resolve itself
into (he Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union.
The question was put; and the Chair announced
that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DEAN. I hope that the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn, that my colleague
[Mr. TiYLOR] may have an opportunity of reply-
ing to my other colleague, [Mr. Bennett.]
The SPEAKER. The motion has been made
here that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
on that proposition the yeas and nays have been
demanded. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Taylor,] as the Chair understands it, asks to
make a personal explanation, which cannot be
done unless by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. HAVEN. I dislike, Mr. Speaker, to mix
myself up with this affair; but unless the privilege
be accorded to the gentleman from New York,
who first addressed the Chair, to make his state-
ment fully, I shall object to the other gentleman
from New York getting the floor to make a per-
sona! explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] that
it is not in the power of the Chair to grant the
privilege he asks for his colleague. It must be by ^
the unanimous consent of the House, if at all, that j
a oersonal explanation can be made, is it the j
pleasure of the House that the gentleman from ;
New York be permitted to make a personal ex-
planation? ,
Mr STEVENS, of Michigan. Let the gen-
tleman over the way [Mr. Bennett] be heard,
and then I have no objection to his colleague
being allowed to make an explanation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The gentle-
man was heard. , .
Mr. STEVENS. He was not. Objections
were made to his proceeding.
Mr. BENNETT. I hope my colleague will
be allowed to make his personal explanation.
Mr HAVEN. Then 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I also withdraw my objec-
"°Mr. BENNETT. I hope my colleague will, by
unanimous consent, be allowed to put hl™ .t.
right with his constituents, and will ask him tt
he has made any such declaration in a public
meeting as I have stated, in any manner, and if
so, what it was ? And whether the article in the
Union alluded to was published by authority
from him? and if he gave authority to the state-
ment that he should vote for that bill; and that
nine tenths of the Democrats of Tioga county,
who voted against General Cass in 1848, were in
favor of the bill? I ask this with no unfriendly
feeling towards my colleague, but only to give an
opportunity to explain, and put this matter right.
Mr. TAYLOR. All that I desire to say in ref-
erence to this matter is simply this: that I have
nothing to say here in regard to what I may have
said, or what opinions 1 may have given on the
Nebraska bill elsewhere. I do not know, nor do
I believe that it is a proper subject for me to
make any explanation upon.
In reference to the petition which my colleague
has, it has been sent to him to present, and 1 am
entirely willing that he should present it. If it had
been sent to me to present, I should have done so
with great pleasure, although it is opposed to my
views upon that subject. But as those who had
the control of it have chosen to send it to him, it
can make no manner of difference whether he
present it or I, and he has my fuil concurrence to
do so, if it be his pleasure.
The question was then taken upon the motion
submitted by Mr. Haven; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hamilton in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of Senate bill (No. 226)
to authorize the construction of six steam frigates,
and for other pui poses.
The CH AIRM AN. When the committee last
rose the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] had the floor, and he is now entitled to it.
Mr. KEITT alluded to the attitude of Messrs.
Clay and Webster, four years ago, when it was
announced that they had reunited and rewelded
the links which bind together the Confederacy.
How fallacious was the proclamation! Thirty
years ago, Mr. Jefferson pronounced that the Mis-
: fVIl klc aofci 1il.ro ikctnnOQ nf fl
souri restriction fell on his ears like the tones of a
fire-bell at night, awaking and filling him with ter-
ror. His prophetic eye flashed along the chain
of momentous results, and closed with his voice
of warning and foreboding. And sectional strife,
bitter feuds and altercations, have been the off-
spring of the unnatural connection between princi-
ple and policy. The Missouri restriction has been
the source of unnumbered woes. The majority
has been trampling on the Constitution and the
rights of the weaker section of the Union until re-
sistance was fast becoming a law of self-preserva-
tion. But now a star of promise had risen in the
West. As a southern man, if he were called on
to vote against the bill, he should not, likeothers,
arraign the gentleman who introduced it. Ai'
though he would stem the tide of fanaticism at
the North, which was threatening to sweep down
the Constitution, he would endeavor to arouse a
stronger patriotism in that section, but he would
mingle no charges of bad faith. There are brave
men in the non-slaveholding States who are bat-
ding for the Constitution and for justice.
He then proceeded to disencumber the question
of some constitutional embarrassments; and, in
speaking of the ordinance of 1787, said it was an
unconstitutional and a most graceless act; and,
after defining what constitutes the federative Union
and the powers under it, and the rights of the
States, remarked that, just before Mr. Calhoun
died, he received a letter from that distinguished
statesman, in which he said: " I think these ques-
tions (at that time pending) can be settled by the
extension of the Missouri line to the Pacific. 1
will not vote for it, but I will acquiesce. He
would waive the right claimed by the South to
save the Union. t
He spoke of property m slaves as older than
that in land, and contended that it was just as de-
fensive on abstract principles. The Fedeial Gov-
ernment possesses no authority to create property,
and only possesses the right to recognize it m a
secondary sense; that is, sovereign States say
what is property, and create the General Govern-
ment their trustee; and its business is to recognize
what the States say is property, and protect i,
therefore Government should protect ^property
which southern men carry with them to the Tet
ritories; the latter not being the exclusive property
of those who immigrate thither from the non-
slaveholding States. . " - J
In conclusion, he defended tie institution of sla-
very, and maintained the rights of the South. [See _
Appendix for this speech.] . , .
Mr. BENTON expressed his views on the,bill
before the committee. It was granted, he "said,
that we should have a navy for defense and a navy;
for the protection of our commerce; but when we
come to the question of a navy for conquest, or
one that is to contest with the combined "navies
of the world for the supremacy of the seas, it ttfaa
another question; one which was not indorsed.by
the earliest founders of our Government. We
are (he said) a continent, hot an island; our policy
is peace, not aggression; it is defense, not con-
quest. This is our policy, and these were the
doctrines of earlier times. A standing army was
always condemned by the American people. A
standing navy, a navy in time of peace, was al-
ways rejected by the American people.
He referred to that portion of the bill which
authorizes these vessels to be built either by con-
tractor in theGovernrnentnavy-yards,'and wished
to know if our seven yards were not capable'of
performing this duty ? What would they think
of a man who possessed seven mills sending liis
tub of meal to his neighbor for the purpose of
having it ground ?
He thought that the policy of maintaining sta-
tionary squadrons was a mistaken one. It was a
British policy. That nation had squadrons Tor
home, and for the four quarters of the world.
They had islands in alj portions of the globe; hut
we had none, nor had we any inducement to fol-
low their plan of stationary squadrons. He could
see no adequate reason for our maintaining five
stationary squadrons at points where he appre-
hended they had nothing to do.
Since 1812 $300,000,000 had been expended for
navy purposes, and he assumed that we could
not beneficially use this day the ships that we
already had. Since 1812 we had had no use for
a navy, and he could see but little prospect of
needing one; for we had no system of aggression,
of foreign conquest. We had our coasts to de-
fend, and the outlets of our rivers to protect, but
we had nothing whatever to do with conquest.
The whole business of creating navies had been
nothing in the world but a contest in ship build-
ing—a contest of ship carpenters. He argued at
some length, and quoted the views of early states-
men against the policy of keeping up a navy
for any other purpose than the protection of com-
merce, which at the present day needed but a
small one. [See Appendix for this speech.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Chairman,, I have
heard with great pleasure the remarks of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Missouri; but, a&$-uo
not quite concur with him, and as I expect to vote
for this bill, unless my opinion be changed, I wish
to make a suggestion or two in reference to the
matter brought before us. _ .
As to the instructions—which tne distinguished
gentleman has read—from Virginia of 1800, it was
doubtless the opinion of the old Republican party.
At that time it is known that the Republican party
was in collision with the Federal party; and as
the latter party was in power, I think that P^ty
feeling had as much to do with the subject of the.
increase of the Army and Navy, and the passage
of those resolutions, as any sound statesmanship.
Be that as it may, Mr. Chairman, not many years
elapsed before th'e same Republican party—coming
into power—at the instance, I believe, ofMr.
Clay, and other distinguished leaders, was obliged
to take a different line of policy. Our present
Navy, however, had its origin shortly after the
war of 1812, and is not actually stronger now
than it was thirty-five years ago. At that time
we had a commerce of one million, or one million
two hundred thousand tons Our commerce is
now four million tons. If the Navy, therefore,
on its present basis thirty-five years ago, was not
too strong to protect the commerce then, why it
is too weak now.  
There is one great difference, however, to which
I wish to call the attention of the committee, be-
tween the things now and as they were in the time
of the war of 1812. Then Great Britain was fol-
lowing the old plan of ship building, ere°trnS
sluco-ish hulks, while America adopted a better
one,°a system of building both ships of war and
merchantmen, something like our present clipper
