1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
Mr. WELLER.. By the Government.
Mr. BAYARD. We differ about the question
of fact. A3 I understand the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, (and it was only
put into the bill this morning,) it provides that
for all above eight thousand words a month, where
the Government are the parties using; the line, the
Governmentshall pay such sumsas Congress may
prescribe; but there is no restriction at all m the
bill as to the sum to be charged to the public for
the use of this line, except that it shall not exceed
ten^doliars for ten words, and seventy-five cents
for every* additional word in a message. That is
the only restriction. The parties then have a
right to make this charge. They have it in their
own control; and though the words "notexceed-
ing" are used, i do not think that the argument of
the honorable Senptor from Maine will apply.
His argument is, that they will put down the prices
so as to lnctease the correspondence. If they
have, as they will have under the bill, the entire,
exclusive control of a means of communication so
short as one day, compared with twelve or fifteen
days m other modes, from the gteat markets of
California and the whole East, they will charge
the full amount that you allow them to charge by
the terms of the bill. My own belief is that if
such a grant of power is to be made to a company
at alt, of any kind, there ought to be provisions
limiting the charges, and leaving in Congress the
right to regulate those charges from time to time,
as regards the public, as well as regards the trans-
mission of the messages of the Government. I
believe that in all this species of laws, whether
they apply to railroads or to telegraphs, where
you grant a charter or make a grant of land to a
party, the Government should always retain cer-
tain control to see that the interests of the public
are to be subserved by the work after it is made,
and that they are not to be open to too high
charges.
For these reasons, sir, on viewing the whole
structure of this bill, I cannot vote for it, though
I believe I should vote m favor of a bill providing
for the construction, by the Government, of a tel-
egraphic line from some point on the Missouri or
Mississippi river, to California, for its own use,
leaving to the public to use it, under such terms
and stipulations as Confess might see fit. I can-
not vote for a bill which places that power in the
hands of individuals, and at the same time, it
seems to me, gives them a sum which will pay for
the whole cost of the work.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, if there is a
disposition on the part of the Senate to take the
vote now, I will not detain them. It will lequire
but a very short time to answer all that has been
said by the Senator from Delaware, forhis whole
argument is based on a false assumption. That
1 can readily show, but I do not desire to delay
the other business of the day, which is the con- •
Rideration of the homestead bill. If, therefore,
the Senate are disposed to take the vote now, I
will not trespass on them.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,^
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, were concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, f hope, by general con-
sent, the bill will be allowed to lie over until to-
morrow, and be printed as now amended. It is a
very important measure, and one for which I
am anxious to vote, provided it is right. I do
remember distinctly, however, and I think the
country is somewhat indebted to the Senator from
Delaware, for detecting certain provisions in a
Pacific tailroad bill, during the last Congress, in
reference to which he and my friend from Cali-
fornia differed very widely. I think we had better
look into the bill; and in order that we may have
an opportunity of reading it and taking the vote
to-morrow, I hope my suggestion will he acceded
to. I am not for delaying the bill a moment, but
J am for passing it. I am friendly to the bill, but
I want to guard against every possibility of specu-
lation and corruption.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that I can
resist the appeal made by my friend from Iowa,
for I am very sure he is friendly to the construc-
tion of this line of telegraph. We do not desire
that any Senator shall vote upon this bill until he
has had an ample opportunity of examining its
various provisions. If there beany door to fraud
left open, we desire that it shall be closed. AH
that the particular friends of this measure are
anxious for, is that the line shall be constructed.
Now, my friend from Iowa says that he desires
to examine the various provisions of the bill, in
order to see that fraud is not perpetrated either
upon individuals or upon the Government. As I
said before, I am as anxious as any Senator on
this floor that the bill shall be so strictly guaided
that no fraud can be committed. I will move,
therefore, that the further consideration of the bill
be postponed until half-past tsvelve o'clock to-
morrow, and that it be printed as amended.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the question is taken
on that motion, 1 wish to call the attention of gen-
tlemen who are the friends of the bill to one por-
tion of it. I am myself a friend of the bill, and
am desirous to see it as perfect as possible; but I
wish to call attention to the necessity of an amend-
ment, which, m my view, is required. I have
examined the bill with a great deal of care, and
am desirous that it shall pass; but there is one
thing which, it seems to me, should be attended
to. In the sixth section, in the provision for the
compensation of the parties, occur these words:
u From and after saul completion, they phall have the
right to sdoct from any of the public lands along and near
said lino of telegraph "
I find that word " near" exceedingly vague and
indefinite for a law.
Mr. WELLER. I believe there was a propo-
sition this morning, to amend that portion by de-
claring that they shall not go further than fifteen
miles. That, I believe, is the limit fixed to the
railroad grants.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not know there had
been an amendment to that effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.J- Such an amendment was mentioned,
but not ottered.
Mr. WELLER. Then I desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have that
amendment made. I supposed that it had been
made by my friend from Maine; but 1 wish now,
us it has not been done, to amend the provision
referred to by striking out the word ii near," and
inserting "within fifteen miles of."
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
i consent.
! The further consideration of the bill was post-
1 poned until to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock;
1 and it was ordered to be printed as amended. /
| HOMESTEAD BILL. V
j Mr. WALKER. I now move that the Senate
I take up the homestead bill for consideration.
I Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator will
| withdraw his motion, at present, in order to let
! us have a short Executive session this morning.
' Mr. STUART. { think it would be better to
| have the Executive session later in the day.
i The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
accordingly, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the House bill "to
grant a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands to actual settlers," the pend-
ing question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Wade, to strike outfrom the sixth section
the words " a resident of any one of the States or
Territories, and." The object of the amendment
is to strike out the limitation which restricts the
benefits of the bill to persons who are now resi-
dents of the United States, and prevents Us oper
ating in favor of those who may come into the
country after its passage. The section thus pro-
posed to be amended is as follows :
Pec.G. Jlnd he it further enacted, Thar if any individual
now [n resident of any one ot the Status or Terntories and]
not a citizen of the United State?, but, at the time ot
makim; -ueh application for the benefit of this act, shitll
have h!'*d a dfchuanon of intention as required by the natu-
ralization law* of tbf United titan's, and shall become a
citizen of the same before the issuance of the patent, as
made and provided for m this act, shall be placed upon an
equal looting with the native born citizen ot the United
States.
Mr. CLAYTON. X send to the Chair an
amendment which I propose to offer.
The Secretary read the amendment.
It proposes to strike out the sixth section, which
is in these words:
" Sec. 6. Jln<l be it further enacted, Thai if any individ-
ual now a resident of anv one of the States or Territories
and not a citizen of the United States, but at the tune of
making snch application for the benefit of thi* act, shall
have filed a declaration of intfntiort as required by ihe nat-
uralization laws of the United States, and chail become-a
emzen of the ?ame before the issuance of the patent, as
made and provided for in this act, shall be placed upon au
equal fooling with the native bom cilizen of the United
States."
—and insert the following:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That any mechanic
or other citizen of the United State.-, of full age, engaged
in and accustomed 1° any business, trade, or calling, other
than the cultivation of land, shall, in considerati m of his
inability to comply with the conditioftsof this act, by reason
of bis want of knowledge, skill, or experience Jo such culti-
vation of land, be entitled to receive in lieu of one hundred
and sixty aert's of land as herein provided, the sum of §160,
to be paid to him out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CHASE. I believe an amendment is
pending, which was offered by my colleague.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wilt ask whether the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is in order?
As I understand the matter, the question is upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Can this amendment of the Senator from Dejs.-
ware be considered as an amendment to that, or
is it in order whilst that is pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio, which was pending when the Senate
last had the bill under consideration
Mr. WADE. The object of my amendment
will be readily seen by examining the provisions
of the bill. It will be perceived that the bill itself
limits the benefit of its provisions to American
born citizens and to such emigrants as may be in
the country at the time of its passage. The ob-
ject of my amendment was to extend its benefits
to all others who may come in and comply with
its provisions after its passage. When 1 offered
the amendment 1 believed the principle of it was
right; I now believe it to be entirely right; but at
this period of the session 1 fear that it may en-
danger the passage of the bill. I am a f'nend of
the bill, and would be glad to get its great princi-
ples, even if it be not as perfect as I could wish.
1 f'eor that to persist in my amendment, which
elicited a good deal of discussion when it was up
before, may endanger the passage of the bill; I
therefore a.-ik leave to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to withdraw it, as no action has been
had upon it. That amendment being withdrawn,
the question now is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton ]
Mr. BRODFIEAD. It is quite evident that
there is to be considerable discussion in regard to
this bill. 1 understand that there are several
amendments and substitutes that will be offered.
I know that two or three intended substitutes
have been submitted and ordered to be printed.
We have now, sir, only about threeweeksof this
session remaining, and my object in rising is to
suggest the propriety of suffering this bill to go
over until December next. If we are to proceed
with the discussion of the bill, I presume that we
shall occupy several days, and we shall thus in-
terfere with the appropriation bills. The weather
is unpleasantly warm, and for this and other con-
siderations, I think "we had better postpone this
bill until next December. I move, therefore, to
postpone its further consideration until thesecond
Monday of December next.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing that the
vote to be taken on this motion shall be regarded
as a test vote as to whether we are to pass the bill
or not. I think we have as much time now as we
shall have in December. This is the period for
action. There is no member of the body who
has not made up his mind on the question. If it
has not been directly before us for consideration,
certainly the question is presented to us in such a
fonn that we are prepared to vote on it. 1 hope,
therefore, the vote on this motion may be regarded
as a test vote whether we are to consider and pass
the bill or not. 1 am in favor of the bill as it is,
without any amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Every gentleman will re-
gard his own vote as a test or not, as he pleases;
but, for one, 1 wish to say that my vote on this
motion must not he considered as a test vote at all;
and I cannot consent to any agreement by which
this vote shall be considered a test.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the motion
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, I
understand, is to postpone this bill until the see-
