804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
ships; and the consequence was that one of our
second class frigates, such as commodore Porter
commanded, when at sea was easily able to keep
out of the way of the sluggish British seventy-
fours, and other large ships. In fact, I do not
remember that but one of our vessels was run
down through the whole of the war—1 mean the
President, under the command of Decatur; and
thdt was done by a large squadron of the enemy.
She happened to be surrounded, without sea room,
and was captured. Our clipper vessels committed
immense havoc on her commerce.
Since then there has been an entire change in
naval armament; though a first rate sailer may,
with a favorable gale, make as much progress as
a steamer, yet in all sorts of weather it cannot be
pretended she will be able to escape. The conse-
quence is, that vessels having the benefit of sail
and steam together will easily be able to run down
any of our merchantmen and our sailing vessels.
I take it if we were involved m a war with Great
Britain at this time, our merchantmen would suf-
fer greatly. We have not sufficient force to con-
voy them. They would easily be run down. One
of the large paddle-wheel steamers would carry
an armament sufficient to capture a merchantman.
Such a vessel as one of George Law's, or the
Collins line, would capture any sail vessel afloat—
I mean a mere merchantman.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour has arrived
when, under the order of the House, debate
closes.
Mr. BOCOCK (as chairman of the committee
that reported the bill) took the floor to close the
debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will give me five minutes of his time to
enable me to present a point or two.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By general consent, the
gentleman can allow me five minutes of his time.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will give the gentleman a
portion of my time when 1 get through with my
remarks.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall not want to take
the lloor then. 1 wish to throw out a practical
suggestion or two just, at this point.
Mr. LILLY. I ask if there are not still fifteen
minutes before the debate must close? I under-
stood the resolution of the House to be to close
the debate in two hours after the House should go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the [Jnion.
The CHAIRMAN. t The Chair understands
that the resolution provides that the debate shall
close at two o'clock, and that hour has now ar-
rived.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By general consent, I sup-
pose I can go on for a few minutes.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does the gentleman confine
his privilege to any particular time ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like about five
minutes.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will yield to the gentleman
for that time, if I can do so.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia shall yield a portion of his time to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Rather than have to go
through this formality, 1 will waive my request.
Mr. BOCOCK. I had not proposed, until the
remarks that were made this morning by the dis-
tinguished member from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
to have said one woid more to this committee in
behalf of the biii under consideration. ! had occa-
sion the other day to go pretty extensively into the
reasons on which fheCommitue on Naval Affairs,
and F, as a member of that committee, based the
propriety of this bill. I did not think, therefore,
that it would have been necessary for me to re-
iterate any of the points that i then suggested; but
much is due to any suggestions that come from so
distinguished a source as the gentleman who has
addressed us this morning.
The gentleman concluded by saying, that he had
made his remarks without any expectation of in-
fluencing the vote of this House. Sir, thegentle-
man did sot do himself justice. He does not know
the respect that this House pays to his experience,
to his talents, and to his public services. Any
suggestions corning from him would, doubtless,
hyve great weight here, and it is for this reason,
! and this only, that I think it necessary to make a
reply this morning. In anything that I shall say
on this occasion I beg that gentleman to be as-
sured I mean nothing but the most profound respect
and courtesy to him.
| The honorable gentleman commenced by re-
i gretting that it was one of the misfortunes of
| having been in public life a long time that the
! mind was continually reverting to the past, and
! bringing up the ideas of past years and comparing
! them with the ideas that are in progress at pres-
| ent. The honorable gentleman gave, in his own
| case, the very best illustration of his position, for
i he showed how a mind of gigantic proportions
] can be warped and led away by early preconcep-
! tions, and by notions that have been entertained
< long years ago.
| Why, the honorable gentleman got up here this
I morning and discussed the action of the Navy
! Board upon our present policy. lie has told
us of the effect of the iecommendations of the
Navy Board at the other end of the avenue, when,
by an act passed ten years ago, that Navy Board
was abolished, and Mr. Jefferson's views in rela-
tion to it carried out.
Mr. BENTON. It went into bureaus.
Mr. BOCOCK. It went into bureaus, and
there is now no Navy Board with power to make
recommendations.
But, sir, in many of the remarks of the gentle-
man in the early pait of his speech 1 entirely
concur—especially m that part of them in refer-
ence to the impolicy of this Government keeping
up so many navy-yards. But this bill has nothing
in the world to do with navy-yards. I will inform
the honorable gentleman that a resolution is now
pending before the Committee on Naval Affairs of
this House, to inquire into the propriety of abol-
ishing some of those yards; and when the report
; of the committee on that subject comes up for
I consideration, it will be very proper to make any
suggestions against the propriety of our having so
large a number of them.
While upon this subject of navy-yards I would
remaik.that England has navy-yards at Ports-
mouth, Woolwich, Chatham, Spuhead, and nine
other places where the Government carry on
works similar to those which we carry on in our
yards. I do not suggest this here as an argument
to show that we ought to compete with England
in this respect. By no means. I do not stand
here to advocate the idea, that the Government of
the United States should undertake to equal Eng-
land in her expenditure for her naval armament.
But we are referred to our former naval history
and to the achievements of Commodore Decatur in
the Mediterranean, and of Commodore Porter in
the Pacific—and myfiiend from North Carolina
[Mr. Cung.vun] met that idea very well in the
few remarks he submitted before the hour expired
for terminating the general debate upon this bill.
But do not the members of this committee recol-
lect the changes which have taken place since that
time, in the pieparations for sea-fighting5 Talk
now about sending gun-boats and privateers, to
contend against fngates and screw propellers ! It
would be very much like the case of a person
who, after seeing splendid mills built, with all the
modern inventions, holding out inducements toall
who had prists to grind, should go and set up his
little tub-mill and ask customers to patronize him.
To talk now about fighting at sea as we did years
ago would be just as reasonable—with all respect
I say it to the gentleman from Missouri—as to
talk about sending one hundred men with breast-
plates and helmets to contcnd against the Paixhan
guns and artillery of the present day.
The honorable gentleman did not develop his
! policy at any great length. He informed us that
i he was against squadrons, and in favor of cruisers.
! I do not know how many cruisers the honorable
j gentleman would be in favor of. But I can tell
i him, if he wants cruiseis, he ought to build the
; very vessels that this bill contemplates; for they
j are the vessels to make these cruisers. They are
| intended to cariy a heavy armament, and to 'be so
I constructed that they can carry a good deal of
! provisions, and be propelled eitherhy steam or by
! sails, as the exigencies of the case may require.
; France, Great Britain, and other countries, have
i their steamers sailing through every part of the
t great oceans of the world. We must be prepared
j to meet those vessels. We must have vessels of
I the same description. If we send out paddle-wheel
steamers they would have to carry a large quan-
tity of coal, as they are propelled by steam exclu-
sively. But the vessels proposed to be built are
screw propellers, which can be propelled by steam
or by sail, as the circumstances of the case may
require.
But we are told that our policy is not to have a
force for offensive operation, but a naval armament
intended merely to defend our commerce. That
is exactly what! want—nothing more. But when
gentlemen talk about the armament necessary to
defend our commerce, why do they not tell us what
amount of armament is necessary for that pur-
pose? Why do they^not look at the extent of
our commerce?—of the dangers which beset that
commerce?—of the foe we have to meet, and of
the force necessary to meet that foe? Armaments
to defend our commerce! Why, that is precisely
what 1 want, and nothing more. Nobody in this
country, I believe, has advocated a navy for the
purpose of offensive operations.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as to the policy of main-
taining these squadrons, 1 ask what other policy
can we adopt? We are told that we have here a
home squadron; and the question is asked, " What
do we want with a home squadron ?" Why, Mr.
Chairman, the cruising ground of the home squad-
ron is from the fishing coasts of the North to the
mouth of the Amazon. Ask the gentlemen who
represent northern constituencies here what we
want with a home squadron, and they will point
you to the immense amount of money invested in
the fisheries of the North for which they want pro-
tection. Ask gentlemen representing southern
constituencies here what we want with a home
squadron, and they will point you to the difficul-
ties that we are continually getting into with the
Cuban authorities, and others in the Caribbean
Sea; find they will tell you that they want this
Government to protect the rights of its citizens in
these waters.
Then we are asked what we want -with the
squadron in the Mediterranean? The cruising
ground of this gquadron extends from the capes
of Spain to the extreme of the Levant.
Sir, it is but a short time ago when a resolution
was gravely submitted, and adopted by an almost
unanimous vote of Congress—there was a very
small vote given against it—returning thanks of
the Congress of the United States to Commander
Ingraham for having protected the rights of one
of our citizens in the Mediterranean. He com-
manded a vessel belonging to our Mediterranean
squadron; and, while the whole country was in a
blaze of admiration for his heroic achievement,
the Congress of the United States voting him its
thanks. Yet, in the sight of all this, the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] rises in his
place, and says, "What do you want with a
Mediterranean squadron?" Sir, I reply, we want
Ingrahams in the Mediterranean to protect the
rights of our citizens there. We want men there
to protect the commercial interests of our country.
That is what we want.
We are told that we have a squadron in the
Pacific; and so we have,and so we ought to have,
n my humble judgment. We have our whale
fishery vessels to protect: we have to protect the
r ghts of our citizens there in every relation.
We have our neutrality laws to enforce; and we
have to guard against all the dangers that are be-
setungus in respect to the machinations of foreign
Governments on the Sandwich Islands and other
poims in that ocean. And while all these things
stare us in the face, we are gravely asked, " What
do we want with our Pacific squadron ? "
j Wh v, sir, there are but two vessels in the Pacific
' squadron. The whole number of guns on both of
! these vessels do not amount to fifty. We had no
' \essel there to enforce our neutrality lav/s when
i Captain Walker marched down to Lower Califor-
. ma and set up a Republic there against the rights
of Mexico. I do not want an aggressive arma-
, ment; but I want one to prevent aggression.
Mr. Chairman, perhaps if we could understand
■ each other about the amount of naval preparation
,i necessary to protect our commerce, there might be
■ no dispute in regard to it. That is all we want—
1 a force sufficient to protect our commerce and the
' rights of our citi7Pns in every part of the globe.
,« If Mr. Jefferson had, at one time, been opposed
, to the Navy—though I do not believe he ever was
i —for the authority which the gentleman cited was
' against the^naval board; if he had been opposed
