1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
will withdraw that motion, so that we may take
a vote upon the question whether we wilt order
these books to be distributed to members of this
House or not.
Mr. HENN. [ move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES. I now move that the Clerk be
directed to deliver to members of this House, all
extra copies of documents which were ordered for
distribution at the last Congress, but not delivered
before the present Congress; and upon that motion
I ask the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
under what rule he proposes to make this distri-
bution? J
Mr. JONES. Under the same rule by which
you distribute books ordered by this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The State of Illinois
has two more membeis, and the districts there are
entirely changed.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and debate is out of order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I appeal to gentlemen to
allow this matter to go to some committee, who
may present it in a proper shape.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know if the resolution is intended to direct the
Clerk to distribute all the extra copies of books
now on hand, and ordered to be published by the
last Congress, whether a different distribution has
been ordered by law or not? If I am not mis-
taken, some of the books, when ordered, were
directed to be distributed among the members of
the House then ordering them.
The SPEAKER. No.debateis in order, unless
the demand for the previous question be with-
drawn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I must call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution. The House
will involve themselves in difficulty if they under-
take to pass it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
twenty voting therefor.
The question was then taken, and theresolution
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
vote last taken, by which the resolution was
adopted, be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
agreed to.
NOTICE 01' A BILL.
Mr. BARKSD ALE gave notice that to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, he would introduce a
bill of the following title:
" A bill granting the right of way and making a
donation of public land to the States of Missis-
sippi, Alabama, and Louisiana, in aid of the con-
struction of certain railroads therein mentioned."
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The first business in order being the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table, the follow-
ing joint resolution was taken up, read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
A bill for the relief of the owners of the brig
Kate Boyd.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused to
adjourn. . . .
Mr. EDGERTON. As this is private bill day,
and objection day, it being the last Friday in the
month, and as there are some bills upon the private
calendar which could very well be disposed of to-
day, I move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the private
calendar. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman :
says this is private bill day and objection day,
which is true; but as I suppose there has not much
business yet been referred to that committee, I give
notice that if the gentleman's motion fails, I will
then move that the rules be suspended and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of tne
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. It is true that there are
but few bills as yet upon that calendar, and for
that reason it will take but a very short time to
dispose of them. If they are objected to, of
course, they are disposed of at once; and if not,
I shall ask that they may be reported to the
House.
Mr. JONES. Have the reports accompanying
the bill been printed ?
Mr. EDGERTON. In some cases they have
not, and for that reason may be objected to, and
will consume no time. It will take but a few
minutes to go through with the calendar, and I
hope the motion will be adopted.
The question was put, and the House refused
to go into a Committee of the Whole House—
ayes 61, noes 66.
Mr. JONES. I now submit the motion, that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. E WING. I move that theHouse do now
adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to ad-
journ a division was demanded; and there were
—ayes 43, noes not counted.
Mr. EWING demanded tellers; which were
not ordered; and the question being again put,
was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
PRINTING OF THE LAST CENSUS.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the question is
taken upon that motion, I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to put a question to
the Committee on Printing.
No objection was made.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to know whether
the report of the Census Bureau is in a situation
in which the egregious errors which are found in
it may be corrected—whether the type is standing
or distributed, or whether the report is to go forth
with all its acknowledged faults and imperfections,
and thus greatly mislead the community in very
important matters?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is out of
order, and I object.
Several Membeks. Well, well, let us have an
answer to the question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee persist in his objection?
Mr. JONES. I do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hear no answer to my
question.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
inquiry propounded by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot be proceeded with. The ques-
tion, therefore, now is on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then put; and, on a division
being demanded, there were—ayes 81, noes not
counted.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ore.
in the chair.)
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday^ the subject then under con-
sideration was the retfrence of theseveral portions
of the message of the President of the United
States to the committees which had been sug-
gested, and that the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Philips] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHILIPS said the question before the
committee was the reference of the President's
message; and yet, from the latitude of debate, not
only had the principles of the message been in-
volved, but the question of slavery, the conduct of
Captain lngraham,the Koszta affair, and the con-
stitutionality of the act of 1849, which invested in
the Secretary of the Treasury the appointment of
the Assistant Secretary. And whatever else was
to be involved in the discussion, or on what other
unknown sea they were -yet to be launched, no
one could tell; not even that notorious person, the
" oldest inhabitant."
He could not say that he was surprised by the
sentiments which fell from the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Smith,] and from thegentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddin«s,] though he confessed
the sentiments in themselves were somewhat
startling. He repeated, he was not surprised,
because those stereotyped sentimentalities which
issue from the lips of Abolitionists had fallen
too often on the ear of the country to excite at
this day the least emotion of surprise. Invec-
tive, unmeasured and unsparing abuse, had been
poured out by the gentlemen on the institu-
tions of the South, and southern members have
maintained their seats in quiet, in decorum, and
without reply. Nay, more: they had been called
on to listen to the remarks of those who, denying
the obligation of their constitutional oath, would
falsify history and the plain provisions of the Con-
stitution to support and sustain them in the viola-
tion of their pledged faith.
This institution of slavery had been inherited.
It was sacred to him by the Federal compact.
He would not lend himself to do what he knew
was the cherished object of those gentlemen;
that they might establish this place as the center
from which they may speed their fiery arrows to
every section of the Union to light up a flame of
discord. When the Constitution shall fail to se-
cure southern rights, for which it was ordained,
he was strong in the expression of the belief that
this institution had inherent power enough to pro-,
tect itself.
He then referred to what he termed the novel
idea of Mr. Smith, of New York, namely, that
Secretary Marcy did not go further than he did
in the Koszta affair, and declare to the world that
even if Koszta was not a citizen of the United
States by law, he was one by the rule of reason
and justice. He said that citizenship exists only
under the conditions, limitations, and restraints,
which the law imposes. But the sword of Cap-
tain Ingraham and the pen of Secretary Marcy
are destined to joint immortality.
He then replied, at length, to the constitutional
argument of Mr. Bayj.y, delivered yesterday, in
relation to the mode of appointing the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, contending that the
appointment was not one of those designed by
the Constitution to be confirmed by the Senate.
[The speech of Mr. Philips will be found in
the Appendix']
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, now claimed the floor,
for the purpose of offering an amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
I ask how this question comes before the commit-
tee? TheHouse resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
President's message being the subject under con-
sideration. Now, as the subject of the appoint-
ment of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
is not referred to in the President's message, I
submit that it is not regularly before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been the usual
practice of the House, when m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for gentlemen
to debate almost any question which was pending
before Congress.
Mr. CRAIGE. That is not the question upon
which I made my point, of order. Thegentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] as I understand it,
proposes to amend a resolution which is before
the Committee on the Judiciary—the resolution
relating to the AssistantSecretary of theTreasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman as proposing to amend the resolu-
tions submitted by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] in respect to the reference of the
President's message, which he had the right to do.
Mr. BAYLY. That is what I proposed to do.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am not aware that the gen-
tleman from Alabama has offerred any resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman offered a
series of resolutions for referring to the appropri-
ate standing committees the President's message;
' which resolutions are open to amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the Clerk to read that
resolution which refers a certain portion of the
' message to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I The resolution was read, as follows:
! " 5. Resolved, That so muehofsaidme^ageami accom-
panying documents as relates to tile ealarijemen an«l mod-
I lfication of the present judicial sy- tem ot the Halted Stale*,
and to the prevention of frauds upon the Pension Bureau,
; be referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
1 Mr. BAYLY. I move to add, at the end of the
resolution, the following:
! -md also whether the Assistant Secretary of the 1 reas-
urysliiuld be appointed by the Secretary ot the luxury
i alone, or by the President, by and with the advice and con-
| sent o'f tbe'Scnate.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr! BAYLY. I will save the gentleman from
