■I6&4
THE COJf&ItlSMSrAL GLOBE.
July 10.
•come into the country hereafter to avail themselves
of the benefit of the bill; but he withdrew it. It
13 not now before the Senate, and the section pro-
posed to be stricken out by the Senator from Del-
aware requires the declaration of intention to be-
come a eiuzen, and, before the patent shall issue,
the perfection of his citizenship; otherwise, he is
not to have a patent.
Mr. CLA.YTON. — What I stated in regard to
the section is perfectly and literally true. It
offers to every alien, every foreigner not natural-
ized, as soon as he arrives in the United States,
the right to one hundred and sixty acres of the
public lands as soon as they are surveyed; and it
does it in this" way t He has nothing to do but
to make his declaration of intention. Of course
that causes no trouble. Then he enters upon the
land, and has-as much right to enter as an Amer-
ican citizen who has lived here for forty years.
Then he is to cultivate the land, according to the
provisions of the bill, just as citizens must do, for
five years. That is just the time within which he
can become naturalized. In five "years any for-
eigner can become naturalized, and then he is en-
titled to a patent precisely as any other man who
is born here; so that, in effect and substance, this
section gives to every alien the same right to the
full extent of a native-born citizen of the United
States.
Sir, there is another thing rather remarkable in
this bill. There is no time provided within which
the foreigner, not naturalized, shall become a cit-
izen of theUnited States. If he lives on the land
five years after having declared his intention to
become a citizen, at any time after that, when-
ever he shall choose to become acitizen, if that is
twenty years afterwards, he is entitled to a patent;
and yet, during all this time he is to remain on the
land and enjoy it as fully as any American citizen
could do. There is not a word in the bill to drive
him from the land because he does not at the end
of the five years become an American citizen; so
that I respectfully submit to the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, I think I fras right in every-
thing that 1 said in reference to the section. I do
not propose to discuss it., It is perfectly true that
I have not disguised my views in reference to the
great principle contained in it. They have been
explained heretofore. I am decidedly for a dis-
tinction between the American citizen and the alien.
J am not one of those who cry out against aliens,
or one of those who have opposed the emigration
of foreigners into this country. Let them come
here; we have land enough for them. Let them
become Americanized here; let them learn the
institutions of the country. The naturalization
law« direct that they shall reside here long enough
to understand those institutions. Is it asking too
much to say that they shall reside here five years
before they become entitled to a donation of a
hundred and sixty acres of landr I say again 1
do not propose to enter into a discussion of the
principle. It is a mere question of whether there
shall be a <?iff of this much land made.
Mr. DIXON. I do not understand the section,
or, if I do, the Senator from Delaware, in whose
opinion I have a great deal of confidence, is mis-
taken in the construction which he places upon it.
I will read the section, and then make a remark
or two upon it:
" J3>uU>e it further enacted, That If any individual now a
resident of any one (if the States or Territories, ami not a cit-
izen of the United States, but at the time of making euch
application for flie benefit of tins act, shall have filed a dec-
laration of intention, as required by the naturalization laws
of the United Slates, and shall become a citizen of the
same before the issuance of the patent, as made and pro-
vided for in this act, shall be placed upon an equal footing
with the native born-cihzen of the United States."
I understand that the proper construction to be
given to that section is, that a person, to entitle
himself to the benefit of it, must be a resident of
a State or Territory at this time. If this is the
proper construction, does it embrace anybody but
those who are now residents, either of a State or
Territory ? Surely, it cannot include foreigners
who may hereafter emigrate to the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. It embraces all aliens in the
•country now.
Mr. DIXON". The construction given to it by
the Senator is, that ail persons hereafter coming
into it may be entitled to the benefits of the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; I said that if you
passed this bill, entitling aliens living here at the
time of its passage to one hundred and -sixty
aerts, it would follow as an it-resistible conse-
quence that hereafter, as a measure of mere com-
mon justice, others coming and asking for the
same rights and privileges would have them
granted to them.
Mr. DIXON. Upon that point I have no ar-
gument to make with the Senator. This is a
simple proposition, as I understand it, to give to
those who are now residents of the States or Ter-
ritories, and who may hereafter become natural-
ized citizens of the United States, the right to one
hundred and sixty acres. If I understand the
proposition, it is that and nothing more. Then,
sir, if that is its effect, and the Senator from Dela-
ware seems to concur with me that it is, I do not
see the force of the objection which he urges to it,
at least I do not see it as the Senator does.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
from Kentucky permit me to state what is my
understanding of the provision. It gives to the
resident of the States and the resident of the Ter-
ritories who has declared his intention to become
a citizen of the United States—what? The right
to work a piece of land in one of'those Territories,
on vacant, unappropriated, unoccupied, wild lands
—a mere risht to work it—and when he'becomes
acitizen, then he obtains a patent and title to the
land.
Mr. DIXON. That is all.
Mr. SHIELDS. Precisely so; so that, in real-
ity, I want to state to the honorable Senator, I
cannot see exactly the force of the objection of
the honorable Senator from Delaware.
Mr. DIXON. I understand it as my friend
from Illinois does, that no foreigner who is not
now a resident of a Territory, or of a State, has
a right to the benefit of this bill. It does not
embrace those who may hereafter come into the
United States, but it only includes those who are
now here. That is my understanding of it.
Well, now, Mr. President, I have but a single
remark to make on this question. We naturalize
a foreigner, and when we naturalize him, the
policy of this Government is to make him a citi-
zen, not only in name, but in fact—to put him
upon an equality, m every sense of the word, with
a citizen of the United States. This is the policy
of this Government; and I think it is a correct
policy, in view of all the circumstances connected
with the settlement of our wilderness—for it is yet
a wilderness in many respects—and it has been
the policy of this Government from its very com-
mencement. Sir, I am myself in favor of attach-
ing the foreigner, who becomes a citizen of this
Government, to the Government itself; and 1 think
that to do this, to make him its friend, to secure
his devotion to it, and his support and his defense
of it, either in peace, when the great principles of
the Constitution may be assailed by factiomsts or
partisans, or in war, when it is necessary that the
soldier shall shoulder his musket to defend our
soil, our homes, and firesides, nay, our Govern-
ment itself, against foreign enemies, or internal
foes, the true policy is to make him not only a
citizen in name, but in reality. If he is to be
naturalized under the laws, I will give him just
the same rights that any other citizen of the
United States may have. I understand that the
provision of this section will give the foreigner no
right until he becomes a citizen of the United
States. He may enter upon the land, it is true.
He may cut down the trees; he may sweep away
the forests; he may cultivate the land; but he can-
not have a right to it; he can have no patent issued
by the Government of the United States, securing
to him the right, until he becomes a citizen of the
United States. I understand that to be the plain
construction of the section proposed to be stricken
out. Is that the correct one or not?
Mr. SHIELDS. It is.
Mr. DIXON. My friend from Illinois says it
is; and, doubtless, it is so. Then 1 shall notvote
to strike it out. I shall vote to retain it, believing
that it is better to give the naturalized citizens of
the United States the rights of citizens, not m
name, but in fact, if only to impress upon their
minds and hearts that they are citizens, and have
the same rights, under the Constitution, that the
native-born citizens have. If the whole policy
of the naturalization law is wrong, repeal it. X
think it is right, and shall vote against repealing
it. But, so long as it remains upon the statute-
book, do not pretend to make a man a citizen
without giving him the rights of a citizen.
I have said this much upon the motion of the
honorable Senator "from Delaware to strike oat
the section of the bill referred to, I will now say
that it is my purpose to vote against the bill alto-
gether when it shall be put upon its passage; not
that I object to the principle of the bill, which pro-
poses to give one hundred and sixty acres of land
to the actual settler, but because I am in favor of
distributing the proceeds of the public lands among
the several States in equitable proportions. The
public lands belong to the old as well as the
new States. They have been acquired by the
common blood and treasure of all the States, and
are admitted by all to be held in trust by the Fed-
eral Government for all the States, and for all the
citizens of the United States; and so long as there
is a hope of effecting a justand equal distribution,
I will vote against all other propositions embrac-
ing a general disposition of them. Next to the
proposition to distribute them, or their proceeds,
among the several States, I prefer the distribution
proposed in the bill; that is, to give the lands to cit-
izens who are actual and bona fide settlers. The
life of the pioneer of our western and southwest-
ern territories is a difficult one. Exposed, at all
times, to the attacks of the ferocious wild beasts,
to the attacks of the more ferocious savages that
inhabit the forests, to say nothing of the fatal dis-
eases always incident to new and unsettled coun-
tries, as well as of the scarcity of provisions, and
a want of all the comforts of life enjoyed in
countries settled and civilized, he fully earns his
one hundred and sixty acres of land when he" has
endured all the hardships necessary to acquirea
title to it; and I confess, that if I had given up all
hope of seeing the lands distributed jiniong the
States, I would vote for the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not enter into an
argument on this question. There are many
reasons why I shall not. It would not be very
becoming for me to do so. I meiely want to call
the attention of my very^able friend from Dela-
ware to one view of this case which may have
escaped his mind. This was intended, in the first
place, to apply to residents in the States and Ter-
ritories; and then they must be persons who have
declared their intention to become citizcns. These
are the requisites. Now, sir, in'a case of that kind,
the honorable Senator says a person is an alien.
Perhaps he may be; but, at all events, he is a kind
of probationary citizen. 1 hold that he is, as it
were, a man in a state of probation, in a state of
apprenticeship. He remains in that condition for
five years. During those five years it is ex-
pected that he will learn and acquire something
of the rights and duties of a citizen of the United
States. Now, I put it to the honorable Senator
as a matter of high American policy, in reference
to this peculiar class of persons coming to this
country, if there can beany plan more judicious
and more politic than to attract them from the large
cities on the sea-board, where they are loose and
unemployed, and where they fall into the hands of
persons who take advantage, perhaps, of their
want of knowledge, and plant them in the Territo-
ries, and make them soldiers to defend the coun-
try? Plant them down there. Sir, there is not a
man who livesin the West thatdoes not know this
singular fact; that the moment a man builds a
log cabin, cultivates a piece of land, and finds
himself in possession of a home, he becomes
a better man, as well as a better citizen; he be-
comes more attached to the soil, and he becomes
a better man as far as moral character is con-
cerned. I cannot imagine any better position in
which you can place a man, as a school of in-
struction in which to exercise these hie;h duties,
than to place him in one of the frontier Territories
through the exercise of this power. It does not
affect you, it does not affect any other part of the
country, it merely affects himself and a few of his
neighbors. He learns to practice these duties.
Be assured, sir, of one thing, that all the aversion
to foreigners originates in the fact that they con-
gregate about the large cities; that they herd to-
gether and form as it were societies of their own,
and excite the prejudice of Americans. But, sir,
break up this collecting in your cities, transfer
them to the far west, put them on the frontiers,
throw them into the Territories, let them take
their rifle and ax in hand, and make homes for
themselves, and you will make them better men
than they were before. They will be better citi-
zens, and will be no longer what they were in the
