808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 80,
I dissent from the opinion expressed by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
believe that the more extensive our commerce,
the greater protection it is to us. We are not
now as we were m 18152. We are, and we are
felt to be, a mighty Power, and every nation in
the world would be cautious how (hey assailed us,
for any consideration. It cannot be done in a
moment. Nations do not precipitate war now.
Look at the condition of Europe at this moment.
How long have England and France refrained
from striking a blow even at Russia, with whom
they have comparatively little commercial inter-
course? But let England or France be brought
to face us, could she strike a blow without carry-
ing it home? It would be striking at her own heart.
We need not be alarmed. There is no danger of
those great nations pouncing upon us as long as
we are bound to them by the ties of a vast com-
mercial intercom se.
No, sir; I tell you that if we are for obtaining a
Navy, the object is to pounce on some weak Power
and to extend our own area of territory, perhaps
not for the wisest and best purposes either. But
1 will only allude to that. 1 fear it is the case;
and, sir, when the sentiment uttered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Lyon] was received
with applause in this House, 1 almost thought I
must be in an assembly of filibusters, rather than
in the Congress of the United States. Now, I am
opposed to this feeling, and 1 trust the sense of
the country is with me.
Mr. CUiMMING. I am entiiely opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Rhode
Island. I should much prefer, if we are to give the
Secretary of the Navy any directions, to instruct
him to have all these vessels built in the. public
dock-yards. I know from personal experience,
and I believe every gentleman here who will take
the trouble to inquire into the subject will agree
with me, that vessels built by contract have dis-
honored, not only the Navy, but the country. I
believe that the building of a military marine by
contract has the effect of ruining it, and risking
not only the honor of the country, but the lives of
the men who are liable to be called upon to pro-
tect that, honor. The bpst vessels that we have
ever had in our Navy have been constructed in
our dock-ynrds; and the most worthless vessels
that we have ever had have been built by con-
tract.
The latest hatch of vessels added to the Navy—
the Portsmouth, theGermantown, the Albany, the
St. Mary's, nnd the rest of that (/lass, all of which
were launched from ourdock-yards—aredecidediy
the finest ships upon the sea. Some of thein have
made paysa^i-s scarcely smpussed, if paralleled,
in the records of navigation.
The much and justly vaunted clipper ships,
which have added so greatly to our maritime re- 1
nown, and have commanded the admiration of the i
world, had their ongin in the United States ship I
l^ortsmouth.
On the other hand, the frigate Hudson was
built by contract, under ciieumstances which, if
there be any honor m the human breast, should
have impelled her constructors to have made her
of the best materials and of the best workman-
ship. Sir, she was built by money extracted
from the tears of the oppressed and suffering
Greeks, and from the hearts of those who in
this country symp-itized with them in their Strug- !
gle for liberty. After she was launched and \
equipped, she was purchased by the United States. :
She made but a single cruise. She returned in :
such condition that she was not even fit, to be re- |
paired; and we have again very lately seen a '
beautiful illustration of the contract system, in the '
batch of revenue cutlers built for the Treasury i
Department. i
A Mlmbek. Was the Hudson built by con- \
tract ?
Mr. CUMMING. Not by Government con- !
tract, but under contract with apiivate ship-yard. !
1 think with all our pretensions to skill, which [
is undoubted, there should be no objections to 1
following a good example. The British Gov- 1
ernment, taught by experience, have recently com-
pleted, at Keyham, nextto Plymouth dock-yard, j
an establishment for the manufacture of steam1,
machinery, end all the appliances necessary for :!
the equipment of their steam fleets, at a cost of !j
<£7,000,000; and the French have a similar estab-I'
lishment on the Loire. These Governments had \
fully tried the contract system, and found it would
not work; and that, although the work in the dock-
yards appeared sometimes to progress slowly and
expensively, yet in the end it was found that it
was cheapest and most reliable.
The British Government not only build and
equip their ships almost exclusively m their own
yards, but 1 am of the impression that even their
provisions are prepared in theirowneetabhshment;
and I do know that in France there is no security
even for the purity of that most essential article of
ship stores, bread, unless the wheat is purchased
by the Government, and ground and baked in
their own dock-yards.
There are other matters connected with this
important subject upon which I should like to en-
large, but my limited time will not permit.
It has become the fashion to decry our national
ships. I can only say, after an actual service at
sea of six years m these ships, that in vatious
parts of the world, and on many occasions, I have
seen their qualities tested; and 1 never saw one of
them beaten. I have witnessed trials with single
ships and with fleets; and in one trial, which
1 remember with pride and pleasure, 1 was on
board an American frigate, built in our much-de-
nounced dock-yards, which beat fairly, upon a
challenge, a large fleet of the finest ships in the
British Navy; and the gallant admiral in com-
l mand, by 41 setting his top gallant sails," acknowl-
| edged the " defeat;" but, Mr. Chairman 
j [EIere the hammer fell.]
{ The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
| amendment to the amendment; and it was not
; agreed to.
I [A message was here received from the Senate,
! by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
; informing the House that the Senate had passed
: a bill of the following title: Senate bill No. 298, i
being 41 An act for the relief of John Guzman, of
! Louisiana;" also, that the Senate had agreed to j
' the amendment of the House of Representatives
■ to Senate resolution No. 1, authorizing the Secre-
' tary of the Treasury to pay the expenses of codi-
fying and revising the revenue laws; also,inform-
, mg the House that the President of the United
I States had notified the Senate that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles,
: viz: Senate resolution No. 12, being a resolution
' accepting certain volumes and medals presented
> by her Britannic Majesty's Government to the
| United States; Senate hill No. 28, being an act
, for the relief of settlers on lands reserved for rail-
i road purposes; Senate bill No. 39, being an act
1 to extend the warehousing system, by establish-
| mg private bonded warehouses, and for other
j purposes; and Seriate bill No. 151, being an act
' for the relief of George G. Bishop, and the legal
! iept esentatives of John Arnold, deceased.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, as follows: Insert after the word " frigates"
the words " and two sloops-of-war."
Mr. Chairman, I deeply regretted, when I heard
the remarks that fell from the lips of the distin-
guished gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
for I thought that if there were one thing which
the public sentiment of the country seemed to con-
cur in, it was that our naval force was utterly m-
j adequate and inefficient for the purposes for which
i it is required. And, sir, 1 tinned instinctively to
, that gentleman, whose character and influence en-
: title him to great weight and consideration on this
floor, and expected that he would give proper di-
i rection and tone to the measure which is called for
| —as 1 conceive—by the public necessities. If I
understood aright the tone and tenor of the gen-
tleman 's remarks, there can be but one view of his
; policy. It is a policy which would shut up our
; commerce within our own boundaries. If we are
to confine our commerce to ourselves; if we are to
, have an internal, not an external commerce, then
indeed the policy which the distinguished gentle-
, man from Missouri recommends might be the
, proper one. But if we are to give encouragement
to our external commerce; if we are to increase
our relations with foreign Powers; if we are to in-
crease our commerce with foreign nations, then,
sir, on that great highway of nations—the ocean
—must we have a power adequate to protect, and
commensurate with that commerce.
But, sir, we hear everywhere the question
mooted as to territorial balance of power. Sir,
there is another balance of power to which our
attention must be directed. It is the maritime bal-
ance of power. That power depends on theques-
tion of commerce. It is the struggle of commerce
that is now going on among the nations of the
world—that commerce which finds its pathway
on the ocean. And it is there that the true ques-
tion of the balance of power is to be fought and
won.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that if we desire to in-
crease our commercial relations; if we desire to see
the power and commerce of this country progress-
ing, we must increase extensively the power for
its protection.
The gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Davis]
says that his idea is, that as you increase your
commerce and your merchant vessels, so you
strengthen yourselves. Why, sir, it seems to
me, that as you extend your commerce to foreign
ports, you expose more points to attack. As you
send your vessels further and further from home,
into remote and still remoter seas, does that give
you strength ? Or is it not, in truth, an exposure
at so many more distant points, requiring at the
hands of the Government more ancl more protec-
tion, just in proportion to that extension ?
Sir, it seems to me that the gentleman 's peculiar
apprehensions have colored his argument upon
this question. He is fearful that these vessels
may be wanted for Cuba. If our national honor
is to be vindicated even in Cuba, does the gentle-
man say that we ought not to have a national
power wherewith to vindicate our national honor?
Yes, sir, even in Cuba, where recent outrages
were perpetrated upon our commerce, and where
past outrages have also been perpetrated, which
are yet unrequited and unatoned for, if they do
call for an increase of national force for the pro-
tection of national interests and honor, I regret to
hear the gentleman from Rhode Island say that
he is opposed to the creation of means which are
necessary for that protection and defense.
Let us pursue these things calmly and in a
proper spirit. Let us compare our present Navy
with our past Navy. Let us compare our present
commerce with our past commerce. Let us com-
pare our present line of sea-coast, confined origin-
ally to the shores of the Atlantic, with that after-
wards added upon the Gulf of Mexico, and that
finally acquired upon the Pacific coast. Compare,
I say, your commerce of the two periods, and
your lines of sea-coast, and then compare the pres-
ent with the past efficiency of the Navy. I will
ask you to compare it with the other nations of
the earth. While our commercial marine, if I
mistake not, is the first m point of tonnage, our
naval force is the fifth, in comparison with other
nations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOCOCXt. I presume, Mr. Chairman,
this will be a test vote in reference to the propri-
ety of increasing the number of vessels to be built
under the provisions of this bill. I shall vote
against the increase, because I had rather pass this
bill, authorizing the construction of six vessels,
than to run the risk of attempting to get more.
In other words, I would rather go for what 1 think
we can get, than to go for what I think we ought
to have, and run the risk of losing all.
A Member. You need not lose all.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman tells me we
need not do it. It has not been many weeks since
a bill was pending in this committee called the de-
ficiency bill. 1 recollect a good many amend-
ments were ingrafted upon it by the committee,
and, among others, certain ones for the completion
of custom-houses and marine hospitals. The bill
was reported to the House, the House voted them
all in, and then voted down the bill because they
had been incorporated in it. Now, sir, there are
gentlemen in this committee who would be dis-
posed to vote for this amendment, because they
really wished the number of vessels to be increased;
but there are others, not friends to the bill, who
also may vote for this increase in committee, and
vote to put them in in the House, for the purpose
of rendering the whole thing obnoxious to those
who would be disposed to provide for a less num-
ber, and thereby defeat the bill. I know the pol-
icy which is very often adopted to defeat a meas-
ure, and I do not mean to run any such risk in
this instance.
I will make another statement to show that it
is not necessary in this bill to make sueh an in-
