96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27.
Alabama that trouble. I know he is going to say
that the subject of my amendment is not in the
President's message at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is my point.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is correct. I
withdraw my amendment, and move to strike out
the following resolution:
" 2. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying papers asrelates to the existing tariff, and recom-
mend a revision and change of its provisions; so much as
relates to the condition of the Treasury and finances of the
'Government; to tile public debt and its payment; the esti-
mated receipts and expenditures for the ensuing fiscal year,
be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means."
Mr, HOUSTON. I rise to another question
of order. The question now before the commit-
tee is upon the distribution or reference of the
President's message, upon which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has once addressed
the committee. Now, by reference to the rule—
and I have not recently read it—the Chair will
discover that no member is allowed to speak twice
upon the same question. I am perfectly willing
to hear the gentleman from Virginia speak upon
this question another hour, but there are plenty
of other opportunies. I raise the point of order
now, because there is a principle involved; and if
we permit its invasion now, we shall never be
able to get the President's message referred. If
any member is allowed to move amendments at
pleasure, and to go on for an hour to speak upon
each, there will be no end to speeches.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that nevertheless the gentleman has a right
to move to amend.
Mr. BAYLY. If the Chair will allow me, I
will explain the principle upon whicli I moved
the amendment. The resolutions before the
Committee are upon the subject of the President's
message. I have moved to strike out the resolu-
tion proposing to reter certain portions of it to
tiie Committee on Ways anil Means; that is, I
move that none of it be referred to that com-
mittee. 1 am ready to acknowledge that the
amendment is not one that should be adopted.
My only object is to give me an opportunity to
speak again, which I could not otherwise have.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is in
order in moving Ins amendment, and is entitled to
the floor to speak upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to another
question of order. Suppose the gentleman from
Vug/ilia had, yesterday, two minutes before his
hour had expired—while he still held the floor—■
moved an amendment, would that have entitled
him to another hour's speech? If it would not,
then 1 tlnnk thatan hour having intervened, which
has been occupied by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Philips,] will not conferupon the gentleman
from Virginia the right to move an amendment,
and, upon that motion to amend, to make another
hour's speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that such has been the practice of the House
under the 37th rule. That rule provides that
" No member shall speuk more than once upon
the same question, without leave of the House."
That is the first provision in the rule, and as it
stood at an early day; but it was subsequently
amended, and it now continues to read, " unless
he be the mover, proposer, or introducer of the
matter pending; in which case, he shall be per-
muted to speak in reply, but not until every mem-
ber choosing to speak shall have spoken."
The Chair is aware that the practice of the
House has been to allow a member to move an
amendment to the pending proposition, thus '■
changing the nature of the proposition, and upon
that amendment to make another speech. The '
Chair desires to state, however, that he would not
have recognized the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] if any other gentleman had risen and
sought tiie floor. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man from Virginia is in order. He has moved
an amendment, and upon that amendment he is
entitled to occupy the floor for one hour*
Mr. JONES. I would respectfully ask the
Chair if the practice to which he refers did not
arise under the five-minutes rule, and refer to five-
minute speeches only?
ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. It
evidently, to the mind of the Chair, is the meaning
of the 37th rule, and the Chair makes his decision
under that rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if the prac- I
tice to which he refers is not confined strictly, and
in every case, to a resolution or bill which is
pending before the House, and under, and by
virtue of the five-minutes' rule referred to by the
gentleman from Tennessee. I would like the
Chair to refer me to a single instance in which
this practice has been observed in the distribution
of the President's message to the several com-
mittees. I confess that, m a service of some ten
or twelve years, I have never known such to be
the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is decidedly
of opinion that the precedent has been set since he
has had the honor of occupying a seat upon the
floor of this House. It is very clear that no mem-
ber would be entitled to speak twice upon the same
question without the permission of the House; but
it is certainly competent, as the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] must know, to move to
amend a bill or resolution; and that, by such mo-
tion, the whole subject is entirely changed, and the
gentleman moving the amendment is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I present another point
of order for the consideration of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama wili state his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is whether, when an
avowal is made to the House that the object of
offering an amendment is merely to obtain an op-
portunity of making another long speech—I ask,
1 say, whether, in administering the rules of this
House, it is the duty of the Chair to allow such
a practice >
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only de-
cide upon the question when it comes up upon an
amendment. If the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is germane to the
resolutions offered by the gentleman from Alaba-
ma, [Mr. Houston,] the Chair is bound to enter-
tain that amendment, and the right of the gentle-
man offering it to address the House thereupon
accrues.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to amend,
by striking out the resolution referring all these
subjects to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and to propose that, instead of that committee,
they be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise now to another point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will state his question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] moves to refer all those parts of the
President's message, and accompanying docu-
ments, to the Committee on Commerce, m pref-
erence to the Committee on Ways and Means 
the committee to which these portions are usually
referred. There is a ruleof the House—I cannot
call to mind its number at this moment, but I am
satisfied that such a rule exists—which absolutely
requires that these things should be referred to
the Committee oil Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Alabama be kind enough to indicate the rule to
which he refers ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot recollect what the
number of the rule is; but I am very certain that
there is such a rule, directing that certain subjects
shall be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, so that I think the motion ol the gentle-
man from Virginia is out of order when he pro-
poses to change the reference.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman sus-
pend for a moment, until the Chair has an oppor-
tunity of looking at the rules?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will; and I am very certain
the Chair will find such a rule.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. To save further
time and trouble, I will withdraw my motion to
change the reference.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
the Chair already to have decided this question
upon a point wholly different from those which
have been raised by these gentlemen, and that
was, that nobody else sought the floor but Mr.
Bayly; and by the rule, if I remember it correctly,
any one is allowed to speak as often as he pleases,
provided there is no one else seeking the floor at
the same time, and proposing to speak
The CHAIRMAN. The rule reads, "No
member shall speak more than once on the same
question, without leave of the House."
The Chair stated that he would not have recog-
nized the gentleman from Virginia, if anybody
else had sought the floor; but as no one did so,
and as the gentleman from Virginia rose in his
place and proposed to amend the resolutions of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
now before the committee, the Chair assigned him
the floor, and will entertain the amendment, if it
is germane to the resolutions.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe I can submit an addi-
tional resolution. This is an amendment which
is certainly in order. I move to refer the question
of the propriety of laying tonnage duties, as the
means of improving harbors, to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will have
the resolutions read, he will find that it is already
proposed to refer that subject to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well. Then 1 move to
refer it to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
[Laughter.] Is that in order?
Mr. HOUSTON. The point I presented in
connection with the Committee on Ways and
Means would apply to this committee also. All
subjects relating to the commerce of the couniry
must go to the Committee on Commerce. By
reading the rule creating the Committee on Roads
and Canals, you will see that this committee is
expressly confined to the subject of rivers and
roads.
Mr. BAYLY. I will relieve the Chair, if he
pleases. We all know that we are not going to
do anything else to-day. The House will adjourn
shortly, and if there is an indisposition on the
part of the committee to allow me to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Alabama on
this subject, I will not say a word.
[Loud cries of " Go on I go on I"]
Mr. HOUSTON. It is due to myself that 1
should say now, that in that aspect of the case I
have not the least objection to the gentleman's
proceeding with his remarks. I was not willing,
however, to have the practice invaded in this re-
gard, as it would prevent me from getting along
with the business that necessarily proceeds from
the committee of which I am the head. I have no
earthly objection to the gentleman being allowed
to speak.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, took the floor, and
replied to the arguments advanced by Mr. Philips.
He argued at length to show thaSthe office of As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury was not an in-
ferior one, but an office of that grade, which the
Constitution required should receive the confirma-
tion of the Senate.
[See Appendix for Mr. Bayly's speech.]
Mr. WHEELER next obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise; which motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
(Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union genet ally,
and particularly the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
CRYSTAL PALACE EXHIBITION.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will sus-
pend his motion for a moment, the Chair wili
present to the House a letter from Theodore
Sedgwick, President of the "Exhibition of the
Industry of all Nations."
No objection being made, the letter was read,
containing an invitation from the directors of said
association, to the Members of the House of
Representatives, to visit the exhibition now open
in New York.
The letter was accompanied by tickets for the
members individually.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wal-
bridge's motion, and the House adjourned till
Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 27, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
