1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
member was borne into the Hall in charge of the
Committee of Arrangements, attended by the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, and by the pall-
bearers, and followed by the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from the State of Tennessee as mourners.
The coffin was placed in the area immediately in
front of the Clerk's desk.
At a quarter past twelve o'clock, the Senate of
the United States, preceded by its officers, entered
the Hall,and were received by the House standing.
The Senators took seats assigned to them on the
right of the Speaker's chair. The Presiding
Officer of the Senate (Hon. David R. Atchison,
of Missouri) was conducted to a seat on the
left of the Speaker.
The President of the United States, and the
members of his Cabinet, and the Supreme Court
of theUnited States, accompanied by their officers,
subsequently entered the Hall, and having been
received by the House standing, were conducted
to appropriate seats on the right and left of the
Speaker's chair.
Services appropriate to the occasion were then
conducted by Rev. Hekry Slicer, Chaplain of
the Senate, and a beautiful and impressive dis-
course was delivered by Rev. Mr. MilbuHn,
Chaplain of the House.
At the conclusion of these services, the funeral
procession moved from the Hall to the Southern
boat, in the following order:
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements:
Mr. F. p. Stanton,
Mr.W. M. Churchwell,
Mr. James L. Orr,
Mr. John G. Davis,
Mr. William Cullom.
Pall-bearers:
Mr. Samuel Caruthers,
Mr, wm. Appleton,
Mr. John L. Taylor,
Mr. Wm. R. Smith,
Mr. Harry Hibbard,
Mr. William S. Ashe,
Mr. John L. Dawson,
Mr. Thos. J. D. Fuller,
Mr. James Meacham,
Mr. Leander M. Cox,
Mr. Bernhart Henn,
Mr. Theodore G. Hunt.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representatives from the State
of Tennessee, as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk.
The other officers of the House of Representatives.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by their
Presiding Officer and Secretary.
and their Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States,
and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers-of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and strangers.
At twenty minutes past two o'clock the Speaker
again called the House to order.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL SATURDAY.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, the
House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 29, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburjj.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Hon. Samuel S. Phelps, of Vermont, appeared
in his seat tins morning.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of John
Ramsey, praying the passage of an act author-
izing the locating of a land warrant, granted him
for military services during the late war with
Great Britain, on any of the public lands subject
to private entry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of John
Brown, praying for back pension from the time he
was disabled in the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of the
American Peace Society, signed by their presi-
dent, William Jay, in which they request that
this body will sanction the principle of arbitration
in the settlement of international questions; which
I ask may be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Alex-
ander Lea, of Mississippi, praying compensation
for losses sustained by the destruction of a light-
house at Chandeleur Island, on the coast of Mis-
sissippi, of which he was keeper; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Jonathan E. Ferris, asking an allowance for ser-
vices rendered in the naval service of the United
States, as lieutenant-commanding, while holding
the position of sailing master; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Caleb
Green, late clerk of the district court of the United
States for the western district of Louisiana, pray-
ing the reimbursement of office rent paid by him;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of the
children of George Feiker, praying that the same
allowance may be made to them as would have
been made if their father had not been stricken
from the pension roll; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, it was
Ordered, That the meriiorial and papers of John Epos
Cowan be withdrawn from the files nt the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Cadwallader
Wallace be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Benjamin and
Nathaniel Godditid be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, for the purpose of presentation in the Ilou&e of
Representatives.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Oidered, That the memorial of Charles Cooper Sc Co.
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordeied, That the petition and accompanying papers of
Cyrus Ii. McComuek be withdiawn from the riles of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Ug?.ce.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Catharine B. Turner,
widow of Commodore Daniel Turner, b j withdrawn fiom
the files of the Senate, and relerred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That the papers m the case of Israel ICetchum
be withdrawn from the hies of the Senate, and reierred to
the Committee on Claims,
On motion by the PRESIDENT pro tempore, it |
was ' ]
Ordered, That the documents in the ca«e of Ileniy C. |
Miller, Philip W. Thompson, and Je^e B.Tnrley be with- :
drawn from the files of ihe Senate, and reterred to the
Committee on Indian Aliairs.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William Clark be with
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Afi'airs,
UNITED STATES ARMORY AT CANNELTON,
INDIANA.
Mr. PETTIT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs, in
taking into consideration that prat ot the report of the Sec-
retary of Wai winch allude-? to the removal of one of the
armories of the United States, or the establishment of a new-
one, be instructed to inquire into the expediency of locating
such removed, or new armory, at Canneltou, in the State of
Indiana.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to send to the com-
mittee, with that resolution, a pamphlet, showing
the advantages connected with that town fpran
armory, together«svith a letter of my own, and
one of Hamilton Smith, upon the subject. 1 ask
that ihey mjiy be referred to the committee.
They were so referred.
notices of bills.
Mr. ALLEN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for increasing the compen-
sation of the district judge of the United States for
the district of Rhode Island.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Richard King.
bill and joint resolution introduced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill granting to the States of Missouri, Illinois,
Indiana, and Ohio the right of way for, and a
portion of the public lands to aid in the constuc-
tion of, a railroad from Kansas, via Jefferson City,
St. Louis, and Vincennes, to Cincinnati, with a
branch from Vincennes to Louisville, Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JAMES, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution for the presentation of a sword to the
nearest male relative of Major Samuel Ringgold;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed. It is as follows:
Be it resolved, Vc., That in testimony of the appreciation
by Oongiesa of the gallant acts and private worth of the
late Mator Samuel Ringgold, who was slain, in command
of the light artillery,m the glorious battle ofPalo Alto—the
first in the war with Mexico—the President of the United
States is requested to present a sword to the nearest male
relative of that distinguished officer.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
John Gonder, jr., and John Duff, has instructed
me to report a bill for their relief. This is a
bill that was reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs at the last session. It
received the favorable action of the Senate, and
was passed. I ask that the bill may now be read
through, that the Senate may understand its pur-
port, and I will then ask that it be put on its pas-
sage, the reason for which I will explain in a few
words. r
The bill was read a first and second time. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to discontinue a suit brought against John Gonder,
jr., and John Duff, in the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
for the alleged violation of a contract made the
20th June, 1846, to furnish stone for the dry dock
at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest to
the Senator from Pennsylvania that it is doubtful
whether there is a quorum present. I have, there-
fore, instructed the Sergeant-at-Arms to ascertain
that fact.
The Serjeant-at-Arms reported that there were
but twenty-seven Senators present.
No quorum being present; on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 30, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO TUESDAY.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Tuesday next*
'The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
, Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
i partment, transmitting, in compliance with the
; act of March 3, 1853, a report of Professor A. D.
Bache, Superintendent of the Coast Survey, show-
iiiic the number and names of the persons employed
in^the Coast Surrey during the year ending June
30 1853, their compensation, and the time of their
employment, together with a statement of all ex-
penditures made under the direction of the Super-
intendent; which was ordered to He on the table,
and be printed.
