1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8U'
looked at, and for the appropriation to meet which
being made in this deficiency bill he has given you
the reasons.
Mr. Hamlin's amendment was agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Can the amendment
now be amended ?
The PRESIDENT. It is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then 1 move to
amend it by adding the following:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
$25,000.
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
$10,U00.
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
§8,000.
To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $1*2,500.
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
$5,000.
To complete the marine hospital at Evatisville, Indiana,
$2,000.
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $44,000.
At Milwaukee, Wisconsin, $15,000.
And to construct marine hospitals at Keokuk, Burling-
ton, and Dubuque, $45,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order? Is it esti-
mated for?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Under the rule, to be in order it must
be either in oursuance of estimate from a Depart-
ment, or must be a report from a committee.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will state that all the
provisions contained in it, except those for Mil-
waukie, Keokuk, and Dubuque, are in exact ac-
cordance with the estimates. In those cases they
have not been estimated for; but they have been
recommended by the Committee on Commerce,
which made a report at the last session, but the
bills for which did not pass into a law. In regard
to Milwaukie, it is one of the most important
points which we can find on the lakes, and the
appropriation is eminently proper in every point
of view.
Mr. HUNTER. Those which are not esti-
mated for specially, I presume cannot be offered
as an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If my friend takes ad-
vantage of that, and insists upon it, I withdraw
those which have not been estimated for; and I
will amend the amendment by striking out Mil-
waukie, Keokuk, and Dubuque. They have not
been estimated for, but the residue have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not be
in order for the Senator to move that as an amend-
ment to his amendment, because the proposition
which he has already offered is an amendment to
an amendment. It is the privilege of the Senator,
however, to withdraw his amend ment and offer a
new one embodying such a modified proposition.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa. I presume I can, by
unanimous consent, modify my amendment. I
modify it, therefore, by striking from it the items
which I have mentioned. 1 will state that that
amendment, as it now stands, is in accordance
with the estimates of the Treasury Department.
I will further state, that I consider the appropria-
tions eminently proper; and it is a mere question
of time as to when they shall be made. ] was in
favor, myself, of passing this bill through without
any extraneous matters for my own or any other
State. I was in favor of passing it withoutaddmg
anything which did not meet with the entire ap-
probation of the distinguished chairman of the
Committee on Finance; but since the appropriation
has been made for the water-works in Washing-
ton, I cannot sit here and see the rights of my
constituents totally neglected, when one of the
most extravagant, in my opinion, wasteful, and
outrageous appropriations which has ever been
made, has been added to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read as modified.
It was read, as follows:
To complete the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
#25,000. „ „
To complete the marine hospital at St. Louis, Missouri,
S10,000. .
To complete the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
^ To complete the marine hospital at Louisville, Kentucky,
CM;, 5Q(i
To complete the marine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky,
^Tocomplete the marine hospital at Evansville, [lidiana,
$2,000.
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, $44,000.
And to construct the marine hospital at Burlington, Iowa,
$15,1100.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Iowa
votes for the amendment because he thinks the
appropriations are proper, and properly in this
bill, he is justified in doing it; but if he votes for
it because, in his opinion, I have voted for an ap-
propriation which he may think improper, I sub-
mit to him that that is not a sufficient ground for
his vote.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not wish, by im-
putation, to charge my friend with any impro-
priety. His object was to get the deficiency bill
through as soon as possible, without adding to it
any extraneous amendments. 1 regretted to see
him, as 1 thought, abandon that understanding,
and agree to the insertion of the water amendment
in this bill. We originally appropriated §100,000
for thatobjectunder the guiseof introducing water
into the city; and now we have just got it started,
and, like all other such schemes, an additional
$500,000 is called for to complete those water-
works; and the appropriation will probably in the
end run up to $15,000,000 or ^20,000,001). The
appropriation was made originally on the suppo-
sition that $100,000 would betheamountj but now
an unforeseen appropriation is to be made. I do
not blame the Senator for the vote which he has
given. Theamendment received his approbation,
and he voted for it. He had a right to do so; and
I do not wish to be considered as charging any
impropriety upon him.
Mr. HUNTER. I do notknow that the merits
of the amendment, in regard to the introduction I
of water into this city, are strictly in order. If j
they are, I think I can readily show the Senator
from Iowa that he is very much mistaken in many
particulars. In the first place, if he will look into
the debate which occurred at the time of the
original appropriation, he will find that it was
stated that, if, according to one of the estimates,
the water should be brought from the Little Falls,
it would cost between two and three millions of
dollars. The President of the United States has
approved of a plan which requires a larger aque-
duct,and accordingly the Superintendenthasmade
a larger estimate—between three and four millions
of dollars. I believe myself that the work will
probahly be brought within the estimate, or near
it. The Senator is of a different opinion. I t is a
matter of opinion. Neither do I believe, as it has
been said, that that is an appropriation for the
benefit of this city. It is an appropriation which
is necessary at the seat of Government to make
the place comfortable and habitable to the em-
ployees of the Government—the persons who
carry it on. I believe it is done for the purposes
of the Government, and for the interests of the
whole people of the United States. But, sir, I
repent, that whether I was right or wrong, can
furnish no justification for voting for another
amendment which the Senator may think wrong,
or out of place. Two wrongs cannot make a
right. My vote can be no reason for or against
a vote upon any other proposition; for this bill is
not mine, as was well said by the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.] It is the bill of the Sen-
ate, and it is whatever the Senate choose to make
it. No amendment can be put on it without a
vote of the majority of the Senate. No amend-
ment is there without such a vote; and it is the
Senate who are to be held responsible as much as
myself. So far as 1 am concerned, 1 am willing to
take all the responsibility that attaches to my vote.
In regard to the policy of attaching this amend-
ment to the deficiency bill, the Senate can judge
as well as I can. They have seen what has been
the effect of it in the House of Representatives.
The opinion of the House in regard to this mat-
ter, at least, is known. In regard to the other,
nobody can say what it is; nobody can say
whether the amendment in relation to the water
will jeopardize it or not in the House. I do not
believe it will. I do believe that the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky has once de-
feated the deficiency bill in the House; whether
it would again do so or not I cannot say; that is
a matter for the Ser.ate to determine; and the ma-
jority will determine. If they believe that these
are proper appropriations, and that thisis aproper
place for them, they will put them in.
I will only say in regard to this matter Of pub-
lic buildings, that I believe appropriations for
them have become so large and so general; that
there requires to be digested so'me sort of system
m relation to them. There ought to be some sort
of-systfem digested in order that this two Houses
may have proper estimates and plans before they
act upon them,' iti order to have some general
rules by which to supply the wants of the 'com-
munity according to their wants, and no£ accord-
ing to their demands, or the energies and abilities
of the particular individuals whom we happen to '
represent. I think, therefore, that it would be bet-
ter, in every point of view, to have , them come up
in a separate bill, hereafter, or in a general appro- ■
priation bill when there will be more timetodigest
a system; but, as I said before, that is a matter for
the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I regret very much
to see this proposition, as an amendment to this
bill, meet with the favor of the honorable Senator
who offers it. Perhaps there has been an improper
amendment made in regard to the introduction of
water into this city; but, in my judgment, that
does not furntsh sufficient excuse for putting into
this bill other amendments which may be also im-
proper. I am remarkably anxious that the bill
should be disposed of. There are other very im-
portant subjects which are behind it, and which
are waiting to come up for the consideration of the
Senate, in which I take a deep interest, and in
which I know the Senator from Iowa is also very
much interested. There is the Pacific railroad,
the homestead bill, and other measures, about
which many Senators are deeply solicitous: and
what will be the result of <Sur manner of proceed-
ing with this bill?—that all these measures will
be staved oft to so late a period that when they do
come up they will not meet with proper consider-
| ation. The Senator from Virginia, the chairman
1 of the Committee on Finance, may have done
j right or wrong in regard to his vote for putting
j the $500,000 in this bill for the introduction of
| water into this city. I voted for it. I shall do so
I again. I think it is a proper appropriation. The
Senator from Iowa thinks differently. I voted for the
appropriation originally. When it was discussed
in the beginning, it was understood that we were
to go on and complete the work. Indeed, so far
as 1 am concerned, I voted for the appropriation
with that distinet understanding. I could not
have justified myself on any other ground. I
could nothavejustified myselffor wasting $100,000
of the public treasure if I had not supposed that
the matter was to be completed, I think, without
making it antagonistic to other plans, that all sec-
tions of the Union ought at once to interest them-
selves in it. This is the seat of government. It
has no commercial advantages. Its citizens have
not the commercial advantages which the citi-
zens of other places possess. It is the capital of
the nation, in which we ought to take a pride.
We bring people here to discharge the duties of
the offices of the Government, and we ought to
provide for their health and comfort; and we ought
to have some pride in the national city of the
United States. 1 am in favor of bringing water
into the city; and while, because we have an over-
flowing Treasury, there are thousands of claims
put up by which money may be taken from it, I
am not willing to neglect an object which I regard
as one of importance, and upon which I think we
should legislate. _ .
I am not on the Committee for the District or
Columbia. If I had been, as a friend of the water
appropriation, I should not have been in favor of
offering it as an amendment to the deficiency bill.
I should not have offered it, because I would have
regarded it as much more safe and certain to wait,
and attach it to one of the general appropriation
bills; but the gentlemen who are on that committee,
whose judgment is more to be relied upon than
my own, introduced it, and I supported it. The
same principle in regard to the offering of amend-
ments shall still govern me. I feel interested m
an appropriation which ought to be made, and
which does affect, to a very large extent, the por-
tion of the country from which I come, in reference
to some Indians there. I am anxious to get that
appropriation as early as possible; but, upon
mature deliberation, I thought it best, as there
would be very little probability of having the
question determined upon its merits, under the
state of feeling which now exists, not to offer it to
this bill.
