1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
proposition. Will yougive the'ailds, or an equiv-
alent in their value, to the mechanics in the coun-
try, who cannoS.t&ve their present homes; or will
you prefer the foreigner, who has notyet been nat-
uralized, to the mechanic? There is the question.
What puMic policy is it which "will lead you to
place an American: citizen below the foreigner ?
Or, to use the language of the,Senator from Del-
aware, to declare, Uy a special act of legislation,
that one class shall be placed in a superiority in
the public lands over another class? What right,
Mr. President, has Congress to pass a special
act ? Before a citizen can occupy, under this bill,
the same privileges that a foreigner can, he has to
give up his native home: be has to give up the
State of his birth, or he will not be entitled to the
same character of legislation.
Now, sir, m conclusion—fori intend to be heard
HOUSE .OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 11, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MARYLAND.
Mr. KERR. I ask the unanimous consent of
S the House to make a report from the Committee
! on the Judiciary, in order that it may be referred
i and printed. It is a report upon the memorial of
| the special agent of the State of Maryland, asking
I a reimbursement of the money advanced by that
| State in 1792, to assist in the erection of the public
1 buildings in this city. The report is accompanied
■ by a bill.
i No objection being made, the report was re-
ceived, and the bill " for the payment to the State
s,t the proper time upon the principles I have put h M * |!in(j of money advanced by that State,
forth in presenting- mv amendment—1 be# to say ■ . . , / . , , u,,o m Wficliino'fi>n nl.v."
forth in presenting my amendment—1 beg to say
that I am justly in favor of foreigners, who, not
having a home beyond the seas, seek one in this
country, and reside upon our soil as Americans;
but 1 will not, by any act of mine, place the right
of an American citizen below that of a foreigner.
Let your law be general,and t will even go so far
as tri say that jf you are determined to dispose of
the public lands at one sweep, I should vote for
enlarged extension; but 1 do not say that I would
go to the extent of giving to every person described
in the sixth section of this act, whether settling
upon the soil or not, the same rights given to an
American citizen. I would vote to strike out every
part of this bill which admitted that you would
place an American, who has fought the battles of j
the counfry, and helped to sustain the Govern- ;
merit, on a level with a foreigner who has but just1
landed upon our shores, and is unacquainted with
the institutions ofour country. Having, Mr. Pres-
ident, thus briefly set,- forth the grounds which I
shall hold on this Htihject, and they not being
founded upon any sectional feeling, or upon any
unkind or ungenerous feelings of opposition to
foreigners, I shall content myself, for the present,
with the remarks which I have submitted.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw (hat motion, so that I may submit a motion
to make a bill a special order'. . j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a motion [
as that indicated by the Senator from South Car-
olina cannot be entertained until this subject is
disposed of.
Mr. WELLER. Then I move to postpone ils
further consideration unul to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. WALKER. And that it be the special
Older for that hour.
Mr.WELLER.. It is the special order already.
Mr. WALKER. Then it is the understanding
that it will be the special order at that hour to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the bill to provide
for the final settlement of the claims of the officers
of the Revolutionary Army, and of the widows
and orphan ohildi-pn of those who died in the ser-
vice, he made the special order for twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I shall have to object to that.
It makes the bill a special.order for to-morrow. I
am very anxious to get through the bill which the
Senator from South Carolina so bitterly opposed
this morning; therefore, I shall hardly consent
that he shall indirectly accomplish his object by
getting something else made a special order.
Mr. EVANS. What day will satisfy the Sen-
ator?
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will name
some dnv next week, I shall not object to it.
Mr. EVANS. Then I move to make it the
special order for twelve o'clock on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
in aid of the public buildings in Washington city,
was read a first and second time by us title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGETOWN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to report back,
with an amendment, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, "a bill to incorporate the
Georgetown Gas-Light Company." It is a Sen-
ate bill. Its consideration will not consume five
minutes, and it is a matter of very great import-
ance to those interested.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
back.
Mr DAVIS. I ask for the reading of the
amendment, and I c(all the previous question upon
the passage of this bill.
The amendment, which was read, provides that
each of the stockholders in the Georgetown Gas-
Light Company shall be held liable, in his or her
individual capacity, for all the debts and liabilities
of the said company, however contracted or in-
curred, to be recovered by suit, as other debts and
liabilities, before the court, or tribunal having ju-
risdiction of the case.
Also, that all the rights granted to the Washing-
ton Gas-Light Company, by an act entitled " An
act to amend an act entitled ( An act to incorporate*
the Washington Gas-Light Company, approved
July S, 184a,' approved August 2, 1H53," to lay
gas mams or pipes in the city of Georgetown, be
repealed.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put, being
upon the adoption of the amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accotdingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 ask that the bill may be
read through, in order that we may know what
it is.
The bill was then read in extenso.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and that that motion do lie
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUAN M. AND JOSE L. LUCO.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill granting lands
equally to the several States to aid m the con-
struction of railroads, and for the support of
schools, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HILLYER. Mr. Speaker, two weeksago
I made a motion which was regularly entered
to reconsider the vote.hy which the bill " for the
relief of Juan M. Luco and Jose L. Luco" was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
My object in desiring that vote reconsidered is
that the bill may be put on - its passage. And I
am sure that no member of the House will object
to its being put on its passage immediately when
1 have stated the reasons which make it necessary
to do so.
Mr. OLDS. Is the gentleman in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia cannot take the floor to call up his motion,
unless by the consent of thegentleman from Ohio,
he being regularly entitled to it.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 thought I was recognized
by the Chair, and was in the rightful possession -
of the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not know
what the gentleman's object was when he rose;
it might have been something which was m order.
Mr. HILLYER. The gentleman from Ohio
will, I am confident, yield a few moments of his
time for the passage of the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. HILLYER. The reason which makes it
necessary that the bill should be passed at this
session is this: At the last Congress, a commis-
sion was created by which the title to lands in
California should be adjudicated. The act under
which that commission was created prescribes the
day by which the titles of claimants to their land
should be filed before the commission. That day
has passed. The petitioners in this case claim,
under one Rosas, who claimed undeca grant from
the Republic of Mexico. The wife of Rosas ran
away from him and returned to Mexico, carrying
with her the title papers. These papers have
been recovered, but they were not recovered in
time to file before the commission in support of
the claim of the petitioners, until after the day
prescribed in the act for filing the title papers be-
fore the commission had expired. The commis-
sion itself will expire on the fourth of March
next. The object of this bill is simply to author-
ize the petitioners in this case to file their title
papers before the commissioners in California to be
by them adjudicated; and unless the act is passed
at this time, they will lose the right to have their
title adjudicated, and they will be left without
remedy'. This is the state of the case, and I am %
confident no gentleman will object to the passage
of the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hillyer's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the vote by which the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole House was recon-
sidered.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and having been read the third time, it was passed.
SUPEfllNTENDENCY OF ARMORIES.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee, to whom was re-
ferred the consideration of the change of tile supermiend-
ency of the national armories, be authorized to visit
Springfield, in Massachusetts, and Harper's Perrv, in Vir-
ginia, after theclose of the present session of Congress, for
the purpose ol making such further examination into the
subjret-matter of their inquiries as will enable them to fur-
nish Congress with the fullest possible information before
their final action in the premises.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. DICKINSON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I wish to call the attention of the Chair
and of the House to some of the rules by which
this House purports to be governed. And I ask
that the 26th and 27th rulea may be read by the
Clerk.
The rules indicated were thereupon read,asfol-
lowa:
" 26. All the States and Territories shall be called for res-
olutions on each alternate Monday during each session of
Congies15; and, if necessary to secure tins object on said
days, all resolutions which shall give ri*se to debate shall
he over tor discussion, undei the rules ot the House already
established, and the whole ot said days shall be appropri-
ated lo resolutions until ah the Stated and Territories are
called through.
"•27. After one hour shall have been devoted to reports
from committees and resolves, it shall be in order, pend-
ing the consideration or diseu^ion thereof, to entertain a
motion that the House do now proceed to dispose of the
business on the Speaker's table, and to the oiders of the
day; which being decided in the affiimative, the Speaker
shall dispose of the business on his lable, in the following
ord^r, viz:"
Mr. DICKINSON. That is enough. Now, the
question I raise is this: I want to inquire of the
Chair whether these rules are still m force? If
they are in force, i should like to inquire whether
there is any time when members of this House,
representing constituencies here, have a right to
offer resolutions? Is there any time when any one
member here who chooses to object and put a veto
on the proceedings of this body, cannot prevent
