102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 31,
EMPLOYEES IN THE COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER. By permission of the House,
the Chair will present a communication from the
Treasury Department.
The communication was read. It was dated
the 27th instant, signed by A. D. Bache, Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey, showing the num-
ber and names of the persons employed during the
last fiscal year in that department of the public
service, the business connected therewith, the
amount of compensation, &c., &c.
Mr. HOUSTON. That report is made in pur-
suance of the requirements of a law passed last
session ^ and I move that, for the present, the re-
port be laid upon the table.
The motion to lay the report upon the table was
agreed to.
HENRY LEWIS.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee on Claims,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county, Indiana."
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Several Members. Ilead the resolution.
< The SPEAKER. Is the reading of the resolu-
tion objected to?
Mr. WALSH. It is.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. LETCHER, from the Committee on
Claims, made adverse reports on the petitions of
John P. Shelden and Martin L. Patterson; which
were ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Mr. EASTMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the adverse report on the petition of
John P. Shelden was ordered to lie upon the table,
and asked that the motion be entered for consid-
eration on some future day.
It was so ordered.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed:
" A bill for the relief of Captain George Symp-
ton, of Galveston."
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some future day, introduce a bill
concerning the Louisville and Portland Canal.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported "a bill for the relief of
William Blake;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee,
reported adversely to the prayer of the petition of
Eliza Merrill, of Bangor, Maine, for arrears of
pension due James Merrill; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. IIENDRICKS, from the same committee,
reported adversely in the case of John Droat;
which report was ordered to lie upon the table,
and be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish it to
be entered on the Journal, for action hereafter,
that the vote by which the report just made was
laid upon the table, be reconsidered.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili- (
tary Affairs, reported " A bill to repeal the first j
proviso of the fourth section of the act entitled 'an
act granting bounty land to certain officers and |
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States,'approved September
28, 1850;" which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. B. I am willing myself that the bill should
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union: but it is suggested that the House
might save itself that trouble, and pass the bill at
once. I will say, by way of explanation of its
intent 
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to the bill being :
passed at tins time. j
Mr. BISSELL, Yery well. 1 move that the J
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. BISSELL. The Committee on Military
Affairs have directed me to report the following
resolutions to the House, with the recommendation
that they do pass:
Resolved, unanimously, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
hereby tendered, to Brevet Major General John E. Wool,
for his distinguished services m the late war witfj Mexico,
and especially for the skill, enterprise, and courage which
di-.tmguished his conduct at the battle of Buena Vista.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause a
sword, with suitable devices, to be presented to General
Wool, rsi testimonial of the high sense entertained by
Congress of his gallant and judicious conduct on that mem-
orable occasion.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause a
copy of the foregoing resolutions to be transmitted to Gen-
eral Wool.
The resolutions were read a second time.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope no objection, similar to
the one made a few moments ago, will be made to
the immediate consideration and adoption of these
resolutions. If there be any objection, I am well
aware, this not being a day on which I can move
to suspend the rules, that the resolutions must
necessarily go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not interpose
any objection to the passage of the resolutions
reported by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bis-
sell] whenever there is a quorum present. It is
evident there is no quorum here, and it is wrong
to legislate without a quorum.
Mr. BISSELL. If there is no quorum, and
that be conceded, I am not disposed to press the
question; though I will say to thegentleman from
Tennessee, that I particularly desire that these
resolutions should pass pretty soon. The distin-
guished man, whom these resolutions are designed
to honor appropriately, is about to depart on an
important expedition to the Pacific coast. It will
gratify him very much, and it will gratify the
whole country, if these resolutions should pass
before he takes his departure. It is a matter of
mere sentiment and feeling.
Mr. JONES. I would suggest to thegentleman
that he withdraw these resolutions, and present
them the next day of our meeting, which will be
Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. Or postpone the considera-
tion of them until that time.
Mr. JONES. To save the question, 1 move
that the resolutions be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, no. Do not adjourn.
Mr. BISSELL. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] will permit me, and it be in
order, I move that it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES. There is no objection to that, as
I believe the list of committees have been called
through for reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the resolutions will be referred as moved
by the gentleman from Illinois.
CALL FOR RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope (he gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will withdraw the motion
to adjourn. I suggest to him that we should allow
the States to be called over, and let gentlemen get
their bills before the committees. We have had a
week of holidays, and we can sit here an hour
or two for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. 1 withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call of the
States for resolutions, beginning with the State of
Maine.
NAVY STEAMERS.
Mr. MACDONALD presented a resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to this House, the information called for by the following
interrogatories:
1st The number and names of steamers built for the
Navy jn each \ear since January, 1836, their power, ton-
nage, proportion of suns to the ton, as actually armed, and
the length of time between the commencement of each
ve^el find her <=a'}ing on her fir^t cruise.
2d. The actual cost of each ve&seJ from the time of their
commencement till first commissioned for sea service, the
number of times repaired or altered in the United States,
and the cost of such repairs before proceeding to sea.
3d. The number of times each steamer has undergone
foreign repairs, on foreign stations, from accident, and the
natuie and cause of such accident, as well as the cost of
such repuirs.
4th. The actual cost of each steamer in thp Navy, from
the time of building until the end of the fiscal year 1853,
including repairs, of whatever description, the actual ser-
vice at sea performed by each vessel, as well as the aggre-
gate cost of the entire steam navy, and the various experi-
ments connected therewith, until the close of the fiscal
year 1853.
5th. The names of the head of bureaus constructors, en-
gineers, and other persons concerned in the construction or
equipment of each and every steamer in the Navy.
Gth. The present condition of the steam navy, including
readiness for immediate service, capacity for conveying
fuel, accommodating crew, and ratio of guns to tonnage.
7th. The number of steamers purchased tor the Navy,
their first cost, the amount expended to fit them for war
vessels, the power, burden, proportion of actual armament
and tonnage, entire cost of repairs of all kinds, to the close
of the fiscal year 1853, the service performed, their present
condition and fitness for service, and the names of the
agent who made the purchase for the Government.
Mr. MACDONALD. I would state that this *
information from the Navy Department is nearly
prepared, under a resolution of a simitar character
passed by the last Congress. It will only be ne-
cessary to extend the tables from 1852 to 1853.
Under the rules of the House, a resolution, asking
for information, would have to lie over, but I trust
that this being short we will act upon it now. I
hope that there will be no objection to this course,
so that we may have this information early for
our intelligent action upon questions which will
be shortly before us.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
I made bbjection to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear any
objection.
Mr. WALSH. I think I made it loud enough
to be heard upon the other side of the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Walsh] is not in order. As objec- .
tion is made, the resolution will lie over.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
it was
Ordered, That he have leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers of Benjamin Bibbins,
and that they be referred to the Pension Bureau.
Mr. APPLETON. I ask leave to introduce
"A bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States in the district of Mas-
sachusetts."
The bill was read the first and second time by
its title.
Mr. MILLSON. Is there any motion to refer
the bill?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. MILLSON. Has the bill been reported
from any committee?
The SPEAKER. It has not been so reported.
Mr. MILLSON. I move then to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. No objection being made, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objection
is overruled by the Chair, the business before the
body being in order, under the rules of the House.
Mr. HENN. I think it is unfair to absent
members of the House, that we should go on with
the business; and I therefore move that the Hou|e
adjourn.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I hope not. We have
had a week's holiday, and let us now go on with
our business to-day.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Henn's
motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to withdraw from its files
the petition and papers in the case of Charles E.
Gunter, for the purpose of reference to a commit-
tee of the House. I will state, for the information
of the House, that a bill passed the House for the
relief of the petitioner, and the papers are on file.
I now desire to withdraw them, and have them
referred to the Committee on Claims, in order that
the case may again come up for the action of the
House.
A Member. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's object can
