IS'54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Bm
foi-'which he proposes to add to the bill, have
heretofore been commenced, and had an appro-
priation made at a prior session?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Every one of them,
save one which has been recommended by the
Department, and unanimously sanctioned by the
Committee on Commerce, who reported a bill
which passed this body at the last session of Con-
gress. It requires but a small appropriation to
complete them entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated, in connection
with my colleague, [Mr. Hamlin,] the other day,
that although we considered it essentially neces-
sary to make an appropriation for the custom-
house at Portland, Maine, we were not disposed
to press it on this bill,and should not have moved
it as an amendment had it not been for the amend-
ment which was introduced by the Committee on
Finance in reference to the custom-house at San
Francisco. On the next morning that amendment
was withdrawn. I suppose if any one of us had
objected neither of them could have been with-
drawn. We might have had a vote upon them,
but we did not do it. Now, sir, I wish to state
that I voted for the amendment which was pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] in reference to the introduction of
water into this city, not with a view to put any-
thing into the bill that was improper, but be-
cause I believed, and I was induced more partic-
ularly to believe from the remarks made by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] in ex-
planation, that it was a proper appropriation, and
that I was merely doing my duty in voting for it.
I should not have voted for it at all had I believed
that it was in an improper place. I believed it to
be peculiarly proper to go into a bill of this kind,
and having that belief, seeing no impropriety in
it, and being in favor of it, I saw no reason for
withholding my vote from it,
I am at a loss to understand what this deficiency
bill means. Senators say that these appropria-
tions are all in the wrong place in connection with
this bill. I should like to have the chairman of
the Committee on Finance explain to me what
is a deficiency bill ? Is it anything mo-re or less
than to appropriate money which is immediately
needed for purposes which are pressing,and which
cannot wait for the ordinary legislation ? I should
suppose so, sir, from the mixture of appropriations
that I see in the bill. But Senators say that this
amendment is all improper and out of place. If
there is a distinction, I should like to know where
it is. I find an appropriation to complete public
buildings in New Mexico of $50,000. That is an
original appropriation in the bill, and I should
like to know why it is not as much out of place
in this bill as an appropriation to complete the
custom-house at St. Louis, Missouri ? 1 am un-
willing, because I have a regard for order and the
proper course of proceeding in a legislative body,
unless it becomes absolutely necessary, to crowd
anything into the bill that does not properly be-
long to it; but when I see here so many subjects
of different kinds, and some of them not varying
from the proposition made here, which has been
exclaimed against by Senators, I cannot help appre-
hending that a matter is proper or not according
as it suits the particular wishes of Senators in
regard to it. If the appropriation for bringing
water into the city of Washington, which I con-
cede to be a good object, and "for which I voted,
was proper in itself, 1 ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance why these appro-
priations to complete the custom-houses or ma-
rine hospitals are not just as proper on this bill?
And if so, the vote of the Senator in reference to
these matters certainly cannot be influenced by the
consideration that this is a wrong place to make
these appropriations.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to make an-
other speech. I have stated the difference. It is
this: We know that this amendment has de-
feated the bill once in the House; we do not know
that the amendment in relation to the water would
defeat it. So far as I can ascertain, I do not be-
lieve it would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking on another
point. Some Senators say that it is an improper
place to put these matters, owing to the peculiar
character of the bill itself; that they arenotappro-
priate to the bill before the Senate. Now, sir, I
say that if the appropriation with regard to the
water is a proper one to go into this bill, all these
are just as proper.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not say that they are
inappropriate on such a bill. They are subjects
for a deficiency bill, if we choose to make appro-
priations for them. That was not my ground of
objection. 1 stated that it was not in the proper
place, because we know from what had happened
that it would jeopardize the bill.
Mt. FESSENDEN. That is another point.
But it has been stated hy the Senators who have
made objection to this amendment, that this is a
bill which is only brought in for certain things,
and it is because the money must be had. Then
the only question for the Senate to decide is,
whether it is a case of such • pressing; necessity as
to make it an amendment which ought to go into
this bill, and not wait for a chance to make the
appropriation during the last days and nights of
the session, amid all the difficulties which then
surround us, of which 1 have had some little ex-
perience heretofore. Then, if these amendments
are proper in themselves, why should we not put
them in the bill? There is an objection made, on
the part of certain Senators, who are willing to
try the experiment with regard to putting other
appropriations in the bill, that it may endanger
the bill. Let me ask, if they are so anxious for
the passage of the bill, and so very much afraid of
endangering it, why they try these dangerous
experiments in regard to it? 'Why try so danger-
ous an experiment as to put on it an appropriation
offive hundred thousand dollars for a matter which
they know is contested in both branches of Con-
gress? It is contested here—contested very strong-
ly. Unquestionably, it will be contested in the
other House. It is not a matter which commends
itself to the mind of every man as soon as it is stated
to him. It is a matter which calls for debate, and it
is just as likely to endanger a bill of this descrip-
tion as any other thing. It does not bring as much
force to bear upon it and to support it as all these
amendments which are appropriations for matters
existing in different pans of the country, and
which bring very considerable strength to bear
upon them. I am apprehensive that gentlemen
hardly argue fairly, when they are willing to put
on this bill an amendment of that description, of
so large an amount, a single item, and try the ex-
periment upon it; for they certainly know that it
will to some extent endanger it. Why do so, if
the bill itself is of any pressing necessity? I do
not agree with other Senators, who state that they
are opposed to all bills of this description. I believe
that they are necessary. 1 believe that they are
indispensable. 1 do not think, in the mode in which
legislation is transacted here, that we could get
along reasonably well without one. Matters arise
which are always of pressing necessity, and for
which such appropriations should be made for the
good of the country, and for carrying on the pub-
lic works.
Then, 1 notonlyam not satisfied, that,as stated
by gentlemen, the danger to the lull in the other
House arises from these appropriations for cus-
tom-houses, but I go further, and agree most dis-
tinctly with the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Bell,] that it is not a thing which
should govern our judgment or our action in ref-
erence to the matter. We must act upon our own
responsibilities. How are we to do in passing a
bill, or in making a movement in reference to a
bill which we judge to be of importance? Are
we, in the first place, to inquire whether it would
be satisfactory to the other branch of Congress ?
Or are they to make the same inquiry in regard
to us? That would make us always dependent
upon them in reference to these matters, or they
on us. I suppose that legislation must be con-
ducted according to the joint judgment exercised
separately on the part of the two Houses of Con-
gress, each House for itself; and if they disagree
finally upon any matter, it is to be settled in the
ordinary course of legislative negotiation; but I
should be unwilling to establish or accede to the
principle, either directly or indirectly, that we are
not to pass an appropriation, or make an amend-
ment to a bill, because we fear it will not be satis-
factory to the other branch of Congress. We
must ascertain that in the ordinary, due course of
time. The bill, as has been stated, is in no danger
itself. It must pass sooner or later; and we have
as good a right, I apprehend, to take our own
ground firmly in reference to that matter, and
maintain it, and" see what influence we' can- bring-
to bear on appropriations" Which we judge-to - bis-
necessary, as they have in the' othei- branch' of
Congress; but I jfeel that it is entirely im'parlia-"
mentary to adduce any argument of that descrip-
tion to the consideration of the bill here.- -
One word in reference to these matter^. Every-
one of the appropriations now moved as an amend-
ment has gone through the ordeal of examination,
with the exception of those put-oti at the sag-;
gestion of my colleague; [Mr. Hamlin.] 1 There-
is nothirig further to be done about them-.- Time'
is pressing. The country is quite as much in want
of them as it is of one h'alf of- the appropriations
which- are made in the bill and-called deficiencies.-
There is one here to appropriate motley to the"
Patent Office for the purchase of seed. There-itf
another relating to certain printing which is here-1
after to be done, and which- certainly was not si
matter so pressing in-point of time. All these
things have been estimated for. They have been
examined and thoroughly considered more than
once. They are absolutely necessary at the pres-
ent time. I hope, therefore, that Senators will ad-
here to the amendment; and, at any rate, that we
shall test the question whether the Senate shall
have a voice in settling matters of this description.
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not concur in the views
expressed by various Senators, that we are to
reject amendments to this bill on account- of any
apprehension that they will not meet with favor
at the other end of the Capitol. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fbssesden] has very well ex-
pressed the idea that I entertain- that each House
has to act upon its own responsibility, and sepa-
rately, in reference to matters of this kind. What-
ever 1 think is proper upon this bill, I shall vote-
to put upon it, without any sort of reference as to
whether it is to please the other House of Con-
gress or not. But there are two points about
which I shall have to be satisfied before I can
vote for this amendment; and the first is—I will
address the inquiry to the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] who introduced the last amendment—
as to whether any investigation has been made
into the expenditures of the last appropriations?
What- has come of the money which has Been
appropriated heretofore? Has it been properly
applied? Has it been accounted for? I-want to
be satisfied upon that point, not only in reference
to the amendment itself, but in reference to the
amendment to the amendment. These works
have been going on for years. Appropriation
after appropriation has been made for them; and,
for one, 1 am not willing to sit here from year to
year, and make appropriations of money upon bare
estimates, without knowing what has become of
the money which we have'already appropriated.
Then I want to know as to-another point. Are
the appropriations now asked for to complete'the
buildings, or are they to go on to some time in the
future, whichis not defined, to do something, we
know not what? Are we to be called upon to
make another appropriation in a general appro-
priation bill ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The amend-
ments to complete.'*
Mr. BROWN. I know that term is put in the
amendment; but that does not signify anything to
us. it does notcomplete it, as we know from sad
exnerience. You have made appropriation- after
appropriation " to complete " these very marine
hospitals. Go back and look at your estimates
for years, and you will find that they have been
completed every year, according to those esti-
mates, for the last five or six- years. Sowith your
custom houses.
Another thing I would like to know. How
much money is it going to take to complete these
custom-houses in the West? How many hundred
dollars is each one to cost? And is the value of
the build ins:, for comn)erci&! purposes, to bear any
sort of relation, when it is completed, to the cost
of it? I understand that you are asked to build a
custom-house in Louisville, another in Cincinnati,
and another in St. Louis, which is to cost the
Government a half a million of dollars at least.
So understanding it, I have from the beginning
warred asamst it. You have no use for any such
custom-house there. What is the whole import-
ing business of the three cities? The annual
receipts into the three custom-houses would not be
sufficient to build one of them. There are to-day
more than one hundred merchants.in the three
