1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
be accomplished under the rule, by making appli-
cation at the Clerk's desk, and not in open House.
OUTRAGES UPON AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. INGERS.OLL. if it be in order, 1 wish
now to call up the resolution offered by me the
other day.callingupon the President of theUnited
Siates for copies of the correspondence between
this Government and Spain, relative to the seizure
and imprisonment of Captain Thaddeus Beecher,
and the officers and crew, of the schooner North
Carolina. It is merely a resolution of inquiry,
to which I presume there will be no objection,
and I wish to put it upon its passage.
Several Voices. That is notin order.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, having lain
over one day, comes up in order, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the resolu-
tion went over, it took its place upon the Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
J submit that in calling the States for resolutions,
when a resolution goes over, it does not come up
in order upon the next resolution day, but takes
its place upon the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. If there be a rule requiring
that disposition, the Chair asks the gentleman to
direct his attention to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My objection is that we
are now calling the States for resolutions, and it
has never been the practice that resolutions of this
character, lying over from a previous day, should
come up under the call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it was not the first business in order before the
call commenced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that has not been
the practice of the House.
Mr. JONES. I should suppose, if resolutions
lying over, under this rule, came up as suggested
by the Chair, they would come up in their order.
Now, if there be no Calendar kept by the Speaker
for that purpose, they mustgo upon the Speaker's
table, and will come up in their order, when that
class of business is before the House. If members
have the right to call up resolutions of this char-
acter, during the call of the States for resolutions,
and they give rise to debate, and consume the time
of the House, I ask when can we have another call
for resolutions? You cannot do it to-morrow. The
rule is, since you have abolished the calling of
States for petitions, that committees shall be first
called for reports, and then the States called for
resolutions. If any resolution, offered under this
rule, gives rise to debate, it must go over—not cer-
tainly to come up the next day, when the same
State is called. The reason for prescribing in the
rule that resolutions giving rise to debate shall go
over, is to give members an opportunity to get
their business before the House; and if such reso-
lutions are to come up the next day during the
call, the whole object of the rule would be de-
feated.
The SPEAKER. If they do not come up the
next day, the question is, when shall they be in
order ? The Chair is of the opinion, that during
the whole of the last Congress, this question never
once arose, and he does not recollect what was
the practice of the House previous to that time.
He is, however, of the opinion, that if a resolution,
giving rise to debate, goes over under the rule,
having lain for one day, it comes up first in order
on the day following, when it is debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose it gives
rise to debate, when will you call the States for
resolutions again r
The SPEAKER. The States having all been
called, it seems to the Chair that resolutions lying
over under the rule, should be called up for ac-
tion.
Mr. MACDONALD. I ask the attention of the
Chair to the 61st rule, which is as follows:
"61. A proposition requesting information from the Presi-
dent of llio Uniti-a States, or direcuiis it to be furnished by
the head of either of the Executive Department', or by the
Postmaster General—or to print an extia number of any
document, or utber matter, excepting messages of the Presi-
dent to both Houses at the commencement of each session
of Congress, and the reports and documents connected
with, or referred torn it, shall he on the tabic one day,
for consideiation, unless otherwise ordeied by tile unani-
mous consent of the House; and all such propositions
shall be taken up for consideration in the order they vvete
presented, immediately aftei repoits are called for from
select committees; e.nd, when adopted, the Clerk shall
cause the same to be delivered."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to think
that they would come up before the next call under
the rule.
LANDS FOR SCHOOLS AND RAILROADS.
Mr. BENNETT, by the unanimous consent of
the House introduced—
" A bill granting lands equally to the several
States, to aid in the construction of railroads, and
for the support of schools;" which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. BENNETT. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. HENN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion being
agreed to,
The House adjourned to meet again on Tues-
day next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tcesday, January 3, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Hon. Andrew P. Buti.er, of South Carolina,
Hon. Henry S. Geyer, of Missouri, and Hon.
Sam Houston, of Texas, appeared in their seats
this morning.
VERMONT SENATORIAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to a question of privilege. We have
seen, sir, during the last week, an honorable gen-
tleman from the State of Vermont arrive here,
take his seat as a member of this body, and I
am sure that all the members of this body, like
myself, are proud to receive him and welcome him
here. At the same time it is known to the Senate
that the circumstances under which he appears
now to resume his seat are peculiar; and they are
said (though I do not know that it is the fact) to
be new. I refer to the honorable gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps.]
The facts are understood to be these: During
the recess of the Legislature of Vermont, he was
appointed by the Governor of that State to fill the
Vacancy which had happened during the recess,
by the death of the Hon. William Upham, who
belonged to that class of Senators whose terms
expire on the 4th of March, 1855. Mr. Phelps
appeared and took his seat, and attended during
the last special session of the Senate. It is un-
derstood that since that time the Legislature of the
Slate of Vermont has convened, and has ad-
journed sine die without filling the vacancy. The
question which arises is, whether, by that ad-
journment of the Legislature, the seat of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont has been vacated
or not? It is a question proper to be brought
before the Senate. Somebody must bring it before
this body. It seemed to the gentlemen on this
side of the Hall to be ungracious that the ques-
tion should be required to be raised on the oppo-
site side of the Chamber; and after consultation
with the honorable Senator himself, and with
friends, it seemed proper, at least not unbe-
coming, that I should raise the question; be-
cause 1 have heretofore objected somewhat stren-
uously to the admission of Senators coming into
the Chamber on the opposite side of the Hall,
and have required a diligent scrutiny into the cir-
cumstances attending their cases. It has been
thought, also, that no one could doubt my desire
that the State of Vermont should be fully repre-
sented here, or my equally strong desire that it
should be represented here in the person of the
honorable Senator who now claims the seat, if it
can be so consistently with the Constitution and
laws. Under these circumstances, I beg leave to
submit the following resolution:
I Whereas, the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps was appointed
j by his Excellency the Governor of Vermont, in the recess
of the Legislature of that State, to fill the vacancy m the
Senate of theUnited States, which happened by the death
of the Hon. William Uphum, a Senator whose term of
j six years would have continued till the 4th of March, 1855;
I and
I Whereas, it is understood that since that temporary ap-
i pointinent was made, the Legislature of Vermont has been
i convened at theii annual session, and lias adjourned with-
i out filling such vacancy: Therefore,
' Retelvei, Thai the Committee on the .ludieiary inquire
whether the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps is entitled to retafti
his seat in the Senate of the United States.
If there be no objection, I ask the consideration
of the resolution at this time.
Mr. BUTLER. I would inform the gentleman
that, at this time, there is not a quorum of the
Committee on the Judiciary in the city, and there
is not likely to be one, as I understand, at present.
I think these questions should be considered pri-
marily by the Senate itself. I know that the same
question has been before the Committee on the
Judiciary on a former occasion. 'But on another
occasion, I believe in the case of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] it was con-
sidered proper that the Senate itself should take
up the subject and dispose of it. I think that is
the proper mode; and I would suggest, therefore,
to the honorable gentleman from New York, to
withdraw his motion to refer the resolution to the
committee, particularly as the reference will delay
final action upon the question.
Mr. BADGER. Let it stand till to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I am willing to delay the
motion till to-morrow.
The question on the resolution was therefore
postponed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr.PETTIT presented the memorial of sev-
eral citizens of Indiana, in favor of the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a joint resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Indiana on the same subject;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SEWARD presented sundry petitions of
citizens of the city of Oswego, business men in
that city, asking aid for the construction of a ship
canal around the Palls of Niagara; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Joseph L.
Smith, praying that copies of the PatentOffice Re-
ports, and reports from certain other Departments,
be distributed among the common schools of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of the
widow of General Childs, praying for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Morris Pow-
ers, praying for a pension in consequence of
wounds received by him in the war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of the city of Wash-
ington, for the improvement of Delaware avenue;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition of John Reynolds, and other
citizens of Illinois, praying the establishment of a
subterranean line of telegraph from St. Louis to
San Francisco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of David
Hines, praying compensation for damages sus-
tained in consequence of a change in the grade of
Pennsylvania avenue; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of J. S. Neal, praying that
the name of his vessel may be changed; which
was referred to the Committee Cm Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Hamilton, asking that the present duty upon
coal may be repealed, and that hereafter that
■ article may be allowed to enter free of duty into
| the ports of the United States; which was referred
' to the Committee on Finance. ■ .
| Mr. FISH presented the petition of Hammond
i Howe and others, praying for an amendment of the
j laws for the safety of passengers on board steam-
! boats, requiring the adoption of John Thomas s
i improvement in steamboats; which was referred
I to the Committee on Commerce. _
' Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of M. C.
Mordecai, Isaac E. Hertz, and others, of the firm
of Mordecai & Co., of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying that the name of a brig owned by
them may be changed to Emma Eger; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of-Isaac
Moore and others, soldiers in the war of 1812,
praying for a grant of the same amount of land
as is already provided by law for the soldiers who
served in the Mexican war; which, together with
