1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL*, GLOBE.
1671
us, from the beginning to the end of the session, :
from offering resolutions, as is the case now, unless
members are willing to go into a general raffle—
ignoring ths.tr own self-respect—fur the purpose of
introducing resolutions upon Mondays?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the.;
gentleman from Massachusetts has not, at this j
time, a right to introduce the resolution proposed j
by him, under the rules of the House, without ;
the general consent of the body. The bill before j
the House now is regularly before it, and the |
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] is entitled to 1
the floor, and the Soor cannot be taken from him .
unless by unanimous consent. !
Mr. DICKINSON. Then can I not give no- j
tice of my intention to introduce this resolution ? !
The SPEAKER. By the general consent of
the House the gentleman can give notice of his
purpose. He can also give notice under the rules,
without reference to the consent of the House.
Mr DICKINSON. I wish to give notice to
the House openly that I shall move to-morrow
to repeal the 137th rule of the House, which I
ask that the Clerk be directed to read.
The 137th rule was read, as follows:
"Except during the last ten davs of the session the
Speakei MiaH not enlertam a motion to su^ieml the uiles
of the liout-e at an} time, except on Monday of every
week: provided nothing herein contained shall lie con.slnied
to alter so much of ihe one hundred and thirty-sivtii rule
a-; piovides as- follows; ' The linuw may, at any time, by
a vote of a maionty ot the meniheis piesent, tuspend the
rules and orders for the put pose of going into the Commit-
tee of the Whole House 011 the state of the Union ; and also
for piovidmtf lor the di-eharize of the connniltee from the
further coiiMdeiatnm of any hill referred to it alter acting
without debate 011 all ame :dment-s pending, and that may
be otfered.1
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the notice, unless
it is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, exceptby
unanimous consent.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish the objection to he
noticed, so as that the name of the gentleman ob-
jecting may appear on the record.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 rise to a question of order.
I understand the Chair to rule 
Mr. DICKINSON, (interrupting.) Can I give
notice under the rule'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot thus
give notice of his intention to introduce a resolu-
tion proposing to amend the rules. That notice
must be given in open House. And, under the
rule, it may be done by the gentleman, when his
Stale is heing called for resolutions u.nder the rule.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 find that the 136th rule
of i he House 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Does the
?entleman appeal from the decision of the Chair? J
'here is already another question of order raised.
Mr. DICKINSON. Yes, sir; I appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and will state the
grounds of my appeal. 1 read m the 136th rule—
and 1 suppose that I can understand common
language—that no standing rule or order of the
House shall be rescinded or changed without one
day's notice being given of the intention to intro-
duce a resolution for that purpose. Now, I ask
to give notice of such motion in open House.
That notice is decided by the Chair to be out of
order. I then inquire if I can give notice at the
Clerk's desk?
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair decides that out
of order.
Mr. DICKINSON. Then I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that,.under the
rules, it requires one day's notice before ariy one
rule, or any of the rules of the House, can be
altered or amended. . The gentleman inquires of
the Chair whether or not he has the right to give
that notice in open House, at any time. The
Chair decides that he has no such right. If, for
no other reason, he has not the right now, it. is
very clear, because the gentleman from Ohio is
upon the floor. But the gentleman has no such
right, except when Massachusetts—the gentle-
man's own State—is called for resolutions. Such
is the rule, and such is the practice of the House.
The gentleman takes an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, and the question is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BENNETT, (resuming.) I understand
that the Chair decides that the gentleman flora
Ohio [Mr. Disne-y] is entitled to the floor to speak
upon the bill to equalize the grants of public lands
amon^ the several States, &c.
The SPEAKER. The question pending, in
relation to tlie bill, is, shall it be recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands ? That question
is debatable, and the gentleman from Onio ob-
tained tne floor, and was recognized by the Chair,
and he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENNETT." My point of order is, that
upon the same motion as that which is now pend-
ing, the gentleman from Ohio has already spoken
twice upon the bill, occupying two hours of the
time of the House, while 1 have occupied but
one; and 1 do not think it is exactly fair that the
gentleman should be allowed three times as much
time in discussing the bill as I am permitted to
occupy.
I reported the hill, and, consequently, under the
rules, 1 had the right to close the debate. But I
did not, get up and obtain the floor until every
gentleman who, as far as I know, chose to occupy
the floor, had done so; and I did not, when I
spoke, know of any other individual who wished
to speak upon the question.
I refer the Chair, in support of my point of
order, to the 37th and part of the 34th rule. The
37th rule declares that "no member shall speak
more than once to the same question, without
leave of the House, unless he be th£ mover, pro-
poser, or introducer, of the matter pending; in
which case lie shall be permitted to speak in reply,
but not until every member choosing to speak
shall have spoken." The 34th i ule says that " no
member shall occupy more than one hour in de-
bate on any question in the House, or in commit-
tee; but a member reporting the measure under
consideration from a committee may open and
close the debatfe," &c.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio has had two
hours already, while I have had but one. I sub-
mit the point and leave it to the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The rule as read by thegen-
tlemu.i declaies that no gentleman shall speak
twice oil the same proposition, except, by leave of
the House. The gentleman from Ohio has already
spoken upon the motion to recommit. That mo-
tion was withdrawn, and was again submitted.
The Chair thinks that fact will not alter the case.
! It is substantially the same proposition. The
! gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] ob-
i iects to the gentleman from Ohio speaking twice
; "upon the proposition.
Mr, DISNEY. I supposed the gentleman
I would object. It is all very natural.
! Mr. BENNETT. If the gentleman wants to
say anything of a personal character, I do not
; object; but if his object is to debate the subject
1 over again, 1 do object; for I think he has had
full opportunity to discuss it already.
Mr. DISNEY. I have not a very distinct recol-
' lection of the motion upon which 1 spoke 
Mr. COBB. I claim the floor, if thegentleman
■ is not entitled to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to put
i the question to the House, as to whether the gen-
: tleman from Ohio should be allowed to proceed ?
' Mr. DISNEY. I was proceeding to say , that
' my recollection is not very distinct in relation to
: the circumstances under which 1 before spoke
i upon this bill; but my impresaion is, that I spoke
j upon the merits of the bill, and not upon the ques-
tion of recommitment. I will not say absolutely
that such was the case, but that is my impression.
I think 1 spoke once upon it in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. 0!-!!!. Has the gentleman from Ohio
spoken twice upon the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. He has spoken once, and
now proposes to speak again. The Chair will
1 state that the motion to recommit has been pend-
ing ever since the biil has been before the House,
during the morning hour.
The question now being upon granting leave to
Mr. Disney to speak again,
Mr. BENNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DISNEY. Oh, I will waive all claim to
the floor.
Mr. COBB. Now, Mr. Speaker, the bbject I
had in claiming the floor, was not to deprive the
gentleman from Ohio of his privilege of speaking.
I shall be very glad to hear his remarks; but I
i desire to make such a motion as shall get clear
| of this bill for the present, in some way or other.
; It has been before the House for a long time, and,
! in connection with some other propositions, has
1 blocked all the business before us in the morning
; hour. Now, I ask the gentleman from New
i York what is his wish ? If he desires to have it
postponed until the third Monday in December, I
, have no objection; or if he wishes to put it upon
j its passage now, I am willing to make what re-
! marks I shall have to submit now, and have it
disposed of at once. My object is to dispose of
it in some way at once.
Mr. BENNETT. My object is 'to have the
] further consideration of this bill postponed. • I
; desire that the gentleman from Alabama, and
every other gentleman who wishes to speak, shall
'■ have an opportunity. My intention now is, and
if the gentleman will yield me the floor for that
purpose, I will withdraw the motion to recommit,
; and move that the further consideration of the
j bill be postponed until 'the third Tuesday in
i December.
Mr. COBB. For the gentleman's aecommoda- •
I tion, I will, then, make that motion myself, if he
I will withdraw the motion to recommit.
; Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw that motion.
' Mr. COBB. 1 move to postpone the further
! consideration of this bill until the third Tuesday
j m December next; and upon that motion 1 de-
' mand the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I too desire to get
clear of this bill; and for the purpose of accom-
[ plishing that purpose, 1 move to lay it upon the
, table.
Several Members. Oh, no ' do not do that.
; Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, if it is the wish of
! gentlemen 1 will withdraw the motion, and allow
{ the bill to be postponed.
i The question was then taken; and the further
I consideration of the bill was postponed until the
| third Tuesday in December next.
i NEW REGISTER FOE THE BRIG AMELIA,
j Mr. PENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
I of the House to report back Senate bill (No. 454)
■ " to authorize the issue of a register to the brig
] Amelia, by the name of Abby Prances," for the
j purpose of putting it upon its passage.
1 There was no objection, and the bill was read
! in exteiisv.
\ The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
! a third time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time, and passed.
ROADS IN WASHINGTON AND NEBRASKA.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wouid ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to take from
the Speaker's table a bill making appropriation
for the construction of common roads in the Terri-
tories of Washington and Nebraska, in order that
it may be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Making appropriation
of money, it must, under the rule, have its first
consideration in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and 1 desire it referred to thatt
committee, so that we may have action on it a$
this session of Congress.
! Mr. LETCHER. Have these roads been sur-
veyed ?
, Mr. RICHARDSON. Of course not, except
so far as they were marked out by parties sent
out by the Government during last summer.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if they have not beers
surveyed and located, I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
' will make no objection to the bill being sent to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union. He can make his objection then.
Mr. LETCHER. So far as that is concerned,
it is true what the gentleman over the way said,
that the public lands take ap all our time, when
there are a good many other things to look to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I would ask the unan-
■ imous consent of the House for leave to take from
i the Speaker's table " An act to amend an act ap-
! proved September 25, 1850, to create the office of
I surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
' and also the act amendatory thereof, approved
! February 19, 1653," tn order that we may concur
with the Senate in its amendment.
