1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July I I,
4
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up for consideration.
The amendment of the Senate was read and
' concurred.in, as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the Territory of
Washington shall be erected into a separate surveying dis-
trict. And the President of the United States is hereby
authorized to appoint a surveyor general for the same,
who shall hold his office at such place as the President
may direct; and the location thereof may be changed from
time to time, if, in the judgment of the President, the pubfic
interests should require H; and the powers, duties, obliga-
tions, responsibilities, and emoluments of the said surveyor
general shall be the same as are now prescribed by law for
the surveyor general of Oregon.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to take from the
Speaker's table " An act making further appro-
priations for continuing the construction of roads
in theTerritory of Minnesota,"in accordance with
the estimates made by the War Department, in
order that we may concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
There was no objection; and the amendment of
the Senate was read and concurred in, as follows:
On page one, line nine, aft^r the words " Lake Supe-
rior," insert the words " in Wis-consin."
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back Sen-
ate Senate bill (No. 181) for the purchase of the
copy-right of the work published by Thomas H.
Sumner, wherein he describes his new method of
determining a ship's position at sea; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEN-TWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee on Commerce a bill " to provide for the con-
struction of certain custom-houses."
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
Mr. BRIDGES, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported a bill " for the
relief of Isaac Adams;" which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be prmted.
POSTAL SERVICE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McDOUGALL,by the unanimous consent
of the House, reported back, with an amendment,
a bill " making provision for the postal service in
the State of California, and in the Territories of
Oregon and Washington."
The amendment was read, as follows:
Ftnke out the following words:
"That in consideration oi the duties to bo performed
under (he thud section of this act, and of all other special
duties performed, or to be performed, under the oi tiers of tlu:
Postmaster General, the Postmaster Geneial may increase
the annual t'ompeijMiion of tin: paymaster neial at tfmi
Francisco irom conunH.-mns, allmvaners, and emoluments,
from the30lii ol June, to a stun not exceeding double
the compensation now allowed bylaw: Provided, That
the am plus commissions, allowances, and emoluments ac-
cruing outof his office shall be paid over, a* required by the
forty-first section ol the act entitled an art to reduce into
one, the several acts establishing and regulating the L'« t
Office Department, approved March 3, 1825."
Mr. McDOUGALL. The bill now before the
House was reported from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, sometime since for
the purpose of havingit printed and re-referred.
It is a bill prepared by the Post Office Department
to increase the postal service in California. The
difficulties under which our service labors there
weresetoutatlength by the Postmaster General, in
his annual report. The greater part of the mail
business in California is done by expresses,and
the result is that the expenses for the transmission
of letters have been very great. The subject was
brought to the attention of the Department here,
and after a full investigation of the subject by the
Postmaster General, the plan proposed by this
bill for furnishing increased postal facilities to
California was adopted, which I think obviates
the great expense now charged by the expresses
for the transmission of letters.
The bill authorizes the employment of letter-
earners by the Department. It also provides for
a dead-letter office in California, which the Post-
master General recommended m his annual report
should be established there. A vast number of
letters are sent to California which remain uncalled
for, and it proves a heavy charge upon the De-
partment to return these dead letters to Washing-
ton. The bill provides that the letters shall be
examined at San Francisco, and such only shall
be returned to Washington as it is proper should
be returned. In California we have the amount
of postal service that you have, but the expenses
of the post offices are five times as great as the
expenses of post offices are here. The result has
been that nearly every postmaster in the State has
to be, year by year, charged as a defaulter, and
suits are now pending against several postmasters
there. They became defaulters for this reason:
The amount of provision made by law is not
sufficient to pay the post office expenses incurred
by them, much less pay compensation to the post-
masters. The postmasters of California, in fact,
never receive any compensation for their services
in that capacity, though jthey are generally willing
to perform such services.
The bill provides that the Postmaster General
here may order the payment of all just and proper
claims and charges for the expenses of post offices
formed provisionally in California, as well prior
to the month of June, 1853, as subsequently. A
class of cases where the evil is felt is provided :
for by a bill which formerly passed the House,
and which covers the expenses of distributing and
separating offices; but it does not cover the ex-
traordinary expenses of the other offices of the
State. I woula also state to the House, that this
bill, as it was drawn up in the Department to meet
the emergencies of the services there, has been
altered in one respect. There was one feature in
the bill originally which has been superseded by
another. That is, it contained a provision giving
extraordinaiy compensation to the Postmaster at
San Francisco for his extraoidinary services. It
was known, however, that that provision might
have been objectionable, and so it was stricken out.
I believe that the bill, as it stands now, cannot be
objected to by any member of the House. 1
move the previous question.
Tellers were demanded and ordered on the call
for the previous question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. IIAVEN. What I intended to say to
the House, Mr. Speaker, fs briefly this, and 1 say
it now, inasmuch as the House did not seem
anxious to second the call for the previous ques-
tion. I have looked at this bill with some little
care, and I am quite willing to vote for it. In my
judgment it is wise on the part of my friend from
California [Mr. McDougall] to strike out the
fourth section. That section simply provides for
an increase of the pay to double what it now is,
of the postmaster at San Francisco. I could not
have quite seen my way clear to vote for that.
As to the residue of the bill, the first section of it
provides for giving power to the special agent of
the Post Office Department in California, Oregon,
and Washington, to appoint earners for the
delivery of letters from any post office on the Pa-
cific coast. If the House bear with me, 1 will
say to them that 1 have examined that part of the
bill, and find that it is, in my judgment, in every
respect, fair. The same power precisely—that of
appointing letter carriers there, is now vested m
some officer of the Post Office Department, (which
1 do not recollect this moment,) subject to appeal
to the Postmaster General. And the variation or
difference between the existing law and this first
section of the bill consists in this: This first sec-
tion proposes to allow the letter-carriers in Cali-
fornia, and the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, to be appointed by the special agents of
the Post Office Department to demand and receive
for carrying letters a sum not to exceed fifty cents
for any letter, newspaper, or ounpe of other
mailable rtfatter, while the present law restricts
the amount to be charged by them to five cents.
This is a very large increase, but still it may not
go up to that sum. It is within the competency
and discretion of the persons holding the power
of appointment of these carriers to make an ar-
rangement to carry at as low a sum as they please;
they are only prohibited by this section against
giving more than the fifty cents, as I have stated.
Sir, this service by these carriers is a very de-
sirable service for the Pacific coast, and seems to
be almost indispensable m the present condition of
the country, and the post office and mail-carrying
facilities there. Why not allow the post office
department there to regulate this matter according
to the interest of the citizens resident on that coast ?
The propriety of the measure will appear upon
a moment's reflection. The miners living, in the
remote mining districts and villages, and other
citizens there—so remote that they can get no nTail
service—club together,and give some proper marfe
a written power to receive their letters from the
postmaster at San Francisco or Sacramento.
Armed with this power the man goes, sometimes
hundreds of miles, gets his letiers, and carries
them to his employers, and is usually authorized
to receive such a sum as his employers agree to=
give. Itisakindof seif-government—aprovision
for their own wants, where this Government can-
not relieve them; and it seems to me eminently
proper. I, for one, am willing to accommodate
my brethren on the Pacific in this way.
Sir, it is a matter in which we upon the Atlantic
slope have no interest whatever, and it comes rec-
ommended by both the members from California;
and I am informed by one of the Delegate* from the
Pacific Territories, [General Lane,] that it meets
with his unqualified approbation. We can have
no objection to it, as we have no interest in it, and'
it is no charge upon the Treasury; on the contrary,
it is giving our friends on the Pacific coast some
facilities which it might be said the Treasury ought
to pay for. These gentlemen understand their owns
interests best, and what will enhance them. It i 
their citizens, and their citizens alone, who are to
be affected by this measure; and I can easily per-
ceive that, as these letters and papers, in most in-
stances, are to go into the mountain villages, re-
mote from San Francisco and Sacramento, there
is a propriety m allowing the proper officers
charged with that duty by this section, the power
to allow the carrier to charge, not exceeding the
compensation which is here proposed, to the per-
son who authorizes him to receive the letters for
him, as I have stated. The matter is discretion-
ary; and as the members and Delegates from the
Pacific coast are in favor of it, I am not willing
to meddle with their well matured desires, wh$n
it affects their constituency alone. Sir, the re-
maining part of this first section, and all of the
next section, provides that these carriers shall
be subject to the provisions of certain acts hereto-
fore passed, and now in force, and named in this
first and second section. All there is in that, as I
understand it, is that it makes certain penal laws,
which are applicable to mail carriers generally*
and'to mail routes, applicable to those men who
carry letters under the provisions of this bill. It
is proper that they should be so applied. It will
be a wholesome restriction and guard thrown
around them, and secure the safety as is secured
in the regular mail seivice
The next section, being the third one, provides
for the burning or destruction of dead letters at
San Francisco, instead of sending them over here
for that purpose. Can any man in his senses
tell me any good reason why those letters should
be transported down the coast to the Isthmus, and
then carted across the Isthmus to Chagres, at a
rate of twenty-four cents a pound, and thence
transported here for the simple purpose of reducing
them to ashes in the back yard of the Post Office
Department? The section is properly guarded, by
providing that a certain class of letters—being those
having valuable inclosures—shall be sent here to-
the General Post Office Department, as under the
present law, but that the mere waste paper shall
be burned there, as it ought to be.
In reference to the rate of pay of the post-
master at San Francisco, provided by section four,
I have nothing to say in addition to what I have
said already. The gentleman having charge of
the bill proposes to strike it out. 1 think it a
discreet motion, and made with a proper appre-
ciation of the apparent present temper of the
House. I cannot vote for the bill if the section
remains in it. The last section is in reference to
the settlement of the accounts of the postmasters
in the State of California and the Territory of
Oregon, serving as such, previous to June 30,
1853. It provides, in substance, that the Post-
master General may allow to such postmasters all
just and reasonable expenses incurred by them in
and about the business of their respective offices,
and the discharge of their official duties, but that
in no case shall any allowance be made whereby
the United States shall be charged with any in-
debtedness whatever.
The Postmaster General may exercise his dis-
cretion in the premises, bat is not to do what shall
