814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
cities who transact more business than the United
States do there. I mean that the receipts and dis-
bursements of more than one hundred merchants
in those cities are larger than the receipts of the
custom-houses there, yet each one transacts his
business, with all his merchandise about him, in
a house that does not cost him perhaps exceeding
$20,000 or $25,000.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator is mistaken in re-
gard to the cost of these custom-houses. The
total appropriation, including the appropriation of
that custom-house in Cincinnati, falls short, I
think, of $200,000. 1 am not certain as to the
amount at Louisville. The St. Louis is the largest
of the three. And in regard to the amount of
business done at these cities, the Senator is under
a mistake. I cannot state precisely at this mo-
ment, but the revenues collected there certainly
very much exceed $200,000 a year.
Mr. BROWN. 1 have not referred myself to
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, but I
asked the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House, yesterday, what were
the annual receipts of the customs at Cincinnati
and St. Lours? He told me, I think, that they
were about $160,000 at St. Louis, and somewhere
in the neighborhood of $200,000 at Cincinnati.
Mr. GEYER. I can state to the Senator that
the receipts at St. Louis for the last year were
$294,000. They are increasing annually at the
rale of about $80,000 a year.
Mr. BROWN. Allowing the amount to be
$294,000, why do you want a house which is to
cost in the neighborhood of half a million, in order
to transact that amount of business?
Mr. CHASE. The Senator will allow me to
say, that these buildings for custom-houses are
only called custom-houses, but they are also in-
tended for the accommodation of the courts and
the post offices, and the various public business
of the United States, at each^of these points, and
really there is a great economy in the construction
of a house for these purposes, instead of renting,
as the Government ordinarily does.
Mr. WELLER. What does the Government
pay in the way of rent now?
Mr. CHASE. Some $6,000 in Cincinnati
alone.
Mr BROWN. Well, sir, although these build-
ings are to be used for all these purposes, I think
a smaller sum might suffice. But let that pass.
I know very well that there is really no necessity
for collecting customs at those cities at all. Who
does not know that there is not one single ounce of
merchandise which goes to one of those cities,
which does not pass through New Orleans? and
you are building a custom-house there which will
cost frointhiee to five millions of dollars. If there
be a necessity for these buildings, and for the ap-
propriation of half a million of dollars for them, let
us appropriate the amount, but let us ascertain
what has been done with the money heretoloie
appropriated, and how much will bewnnted here-
after to complete these buildings. When the
proper committee of the Senate have investigated
these matters properly they will be able to answer
officially, on their responsibility, whether these
appropriations aie needed; but when you merely
bring m estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and ask for appropriations without knowing
anything as to what has been done with the money
heretofore appropriated, and without knowing
whether the present appropriation will complete
the buildings, you are striking in the dark. I
want information upon these points, and, without
it, J cannot vote for these appropriations.
Mr. CASS. I desire not to be misunderstood
by my vote. 1 will vote against these amend-
ments; and yet, if 1 understand the object, I think
I should vote for any one of the appropriations
if it came in what I thought to be the nght place.
I rely very much upon the opinion of the honor-
able Senator at the head of the Committee on Fi-
nance in relation to appropriation bills. I do not
want to hazard the bill, i do not agree with the
honorable Senator from Maine, that this may not
hazard the bill. If this were a matter of princi-
ple, 1 admit that we should not look so much as
to whether it should be in this, or in some other
bill; but when it is a mere question of expediency
as to the best way of passing the provision, I
think it right to look to the condition of things in
the other House. That appears to me to be a
legitimate subject of inquiry.
Mr. BELL. How will it cause the loss of the
bill in the other House ?
Mr. CASS. I am not responsible for the fact,
Mr. President; but we have all heard what the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Finance
has stated; and from his means of information 1
rely very much upon his opinion in regard to these
subjects. I believe that this will hazard the bill.
Sir, we have had these fights at every session on
deficiency bills. The honorable Senator from
iowa has very well and properly said, that when
what every Senator must teel to be a local ques-
tion is crowded into a bill of this sort, those who
do not bring forward their local questions of a
similar natuie are supposed to neglect the interests
of their constituents. Some gentleman has re-
ferred to the Northwest, and the necessity of har-
bors and other improvements there. Now, I can
say, that there is no place in the North west where
the accommodation of commerce more indispensa-
bly requires the erection of a custom-house than
Detroit; and 1 intend, myself, to introduce a reso-
lution next week instructing the Committee on
Commerce to inquire into the expediency of erect-
ing one at that point; but I do not want to intro-
duce it here, and to encumber this bill with such
an appropriation. I shall vote against the amend-
ment on that ground, because I do not want to
hazard the passage of the bill, as we have done
session after session m this way; yet when the
appropriations come Tip in the appropriate way to
carry on existing works 1 shall vote for them.
Mr. GWIN. It has been so often stated that
the amendments proposed to be put on the bill
now will cause its defeat in the other House, that
I think it is proper to correct that statement.
Sir, there was another provision in the first defi-
ciency bill which caused its defeat in the House,
and that was the provision in regard to an assay
ofli.ee in New York. We know perfectly weil
that it was the vote of the Pennsylvania delega-
tion which defeated the bill, and that it was not
the question of the custom-houses. The delega-
tion from that State in the other House almost
unanimously voted against the bill, because of its
containing an appropriation of over $500,000 for
the New York assay office; and i undertake to
say that had more influence in defeating the bill
than the amendments now proposed.
Mr. NORRIS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Dodgk, of Iowa, to the
amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Me^r*?. Allen, Atchison, Bavatd, Boll, Brod-
hoad, Chase, Clayton. of Wisconsin, Dodgy of
Iowa, Douglas, Everett, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, Gwtn,
Hamlin, J.iiihn, Jones <>I Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, .Mor-
ion, Sumner, Thompson oi Kentucky, Wade, and Wel-
ler —24.
iVAYS—Mfissrs, Adams, Radnor, Blown, Butler, Cass,
('lay, Evans, Fit/jufnolc, Hunter, Mason, Noma, Peaiee,
Pratt, Ktii-k, Sttiait, William*, and Wught—J7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
HODGES AND LANSDALE, AND JOHNSON.
Mr. PEARCE. As the Senate is now prob-
ably as full as it will be during the day, I ask, in
pursuance of the informal understanding which
we had early in the morning, that this bill may be
laid aside temporarily, in order that we may take
up the bill for the relief of Hodges So Lansdale,
and ofthelegal representatives of Ilinaido Johnson
and Ann E. Johnson, deceased. It has been
already fully debated by my colleague, [Mr.
Pratt,] and by the honorable Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard.]
Mr. GWIN. We are about coming to a vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Let us dispose of that, and then take up the bill
of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, f hope the request of
the Senator from Maryland will be acceded to.
It is right and proper; and the bill can be disposed
of without debate.
Mr. GWIN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
i the chair.) The Chair hears no objection to the
| course suggested by the Senator from Maryland.
! The bill to which he refers is, therefore, now under
' consideration, as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill for the relief of Hodges & Lansdale,
and of the legal representatives of Rmaldo John-
son and Ann E. Johnson, deceased, was reported
to the Senate without amendment.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. 1 hesitate to vote upon this ques-
tion, because I was not here when the discussion
upon the claim took place. I must therefore vote—
from my previous impressions, which were favor-
able to the claim—for the bill.
Mr. JAMES. The same circumstances as those
which the honorable Senator from Michigan has
stated, will control my vote. I have not heard
the discussion, but from reading the report I have
received a favorable impression as to the justice
of the claim.
The question being token by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam*, Badger, Bell, Biodhead, Brown,
Cas«, Ohn-Jp, Clay, Dodge of Wi«eon«in, Dodge of fowa,
Douglas, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Stuart, Wade, and
Wellei—24.
NAYS—Me^sr*. Allen, Atchison, Bavaid, Olaj ton. Ev-
ans, Everett, Fessenden. Fiah, Fuzpatrick, Foot, Hunter,
Jones of Tennessee, Slide!!, Simmer, i hompson of Ken-
tucky, Williams, and Wnght—17.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was then read a thud time, and
passed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate again resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] as amended on
the motion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] and the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mes<r«. Allen, Atchison, Bayard. Boll, Chase,
Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doui'ld-*,
Evoictt, Fest-enden, Foot, Geycr, Gvvin, Hamlin, James,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee. Moiton, Sumner,
Thompson oi Kentucky, Wade, and Welior—23
NAYS—Adams Brodhend, Biown. Cass, Clay,
Evans Fitzpatiiek. Hunter, Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,
Shdell, Stuart, Williams, and Wright—16.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the bill by
adding, at the end of the clause providing for the
expenses of the land commission in California,
the following:
And the marshals of the noithcm and southern districts
of California shall have the same mileage and compensa-
tion for serving piocesses issuing fiom said commission
as aie allowed to sh^ntts tor serving the same processes of
the higher courts of California; and the same mileage and
per diem shall be pnid to witnesses as is allowed to wit-
nesses by the State of California.
I will explain in a few words the necessity for
this amendment. The appropriation to which I
propose to add it is in these words:
'' For salaries and incidental expenses of th« commission,
appointed uiidei the art of Match 3. 1851, for healing land
claims in California, $37,500."
The marshals of these two districts are required
to summon witnesses before this commission.
They have to travel great distances in doing so.
They receive but ten cents per mile, while their
traveling costs them fifty cents per mile. All I
ask is, that when they are required to perform
this duty they shall get the same compensation
as is allowed sheriffs for similar duties by the
highest courts of the State.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr, President, the marshals
in all the other districts are complaining. A col-
league of mine was telling me this morning of a
case in which a marshal of western Virginia was
required to convey prisoners, and the cost of con-
veying them was more than his fees amounted to.
The marshal of the eastern district of that State
saw me the other evening, and he told me that the
mileage allowed him by law is not as much as he
is required to pay for traveling on the railroads to
serve process. Why then telieve the marshals
of one State and leave all the others out?
Mr. GWIN. It must be perfectly evident to
the Senate that this is a special duty required of
these marshals under a law which expires next
March. The marshals are required to summon
witnesses before the land commissioners, in addi-
tion to their duties before the United States courts.
I know that the compensation of the marshals is
too small,and I am in favor of having it increased
upon a general appropriation bill. But here is an
appropriation for a deficiency for the expenses of
the board of land commissioners. Now I want
the marshals who are required by law to serve
