1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10?3
charge the United States with an indebtedness. I
am willing to vote for that, I think, although I do
not understand this last section, by any means, as
clemly as I do the previous part of the bill—but
the Post Office Committee recommend it- I have
said all I desire to say to the House. I think we
had better not make a long matter of this bill at
this late day. I think we ought to accommodate
the gentlemen from the Pacific coast in what they
unanimouely ask, and what does not injure us,
and to get along with the business as rapidly as
possible. And, now, sir, if it is agreeable to the
House, I will move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed, j
KATES OF POSTAGE. W
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to amend an
act, entitled An act to amend an act, entitled an
act to reduce and modify the rates of postages
in the United States," passed August 30, 1852;
which was read a first and second time by us title.
IMr. OLDS. This bill proposes merely to do
away with the discount of fifty per cent on pre-
payment, which is provided for under the act of
1352.
Mr. Speaker, I discussed this question so fully
when another bill was before the House the other
day, that I do not deem it important to say much
in relation to it now. It will be recollected that,
v'-vunder the act of 1845, newspapers carried outside
of ihe State in which they were published were
charged" a cent and a half postage upon each num-
ber. In 1851 a reduction of tins rate of postage
was made, but under such a system as to provide
for some seventy-two different rates of postage.
In 1852, in order to do away with this diversity
in the jrates of postage, a new law was passed
making the rate of postage upon newspapers
carried outside of the State in which they were
published one cent for each number not weighing
more than three ounces. It so happened that
while that amendment was pending in this House
or in the Senate, I do not recollect which, an
amendment was offered and passed providing a
reduction of fifty per cent, upon this rate, in case
the postage was paid quarterly in advance, either
at the office of publication or at the office of de-
livery.
It will also be recollected that it had been the
uniform custom of the Depaitment to require the
payment of postage quarterly in advance upon
newspapers and periodicals. That was the regu-
lation under the law of 1845, and also under that
of 1851. But when thn amendment was intro-
duced m 1852, it escaped the attention of Congress
that in adopting it they were legislating into that
bill what was already a regulation of the Depart-
ment; and in consequence of legislating this pro-
vision into the bill, they made a reduction of fifty
per cent, on the rate of postage on newspapers
and periodicals.
1 do not charge any intention of wrong on the
Congress of the United States in the passage of
the law of 1852, or on the author of that amend-
ment; but it certainly was a fraud on the revenues
of the Department. But it was not a new provis-
ion. You had already made a requirement of
the prepayment of postage quarterly. Then why
was it put in? What was the object to be sub-
served ? Was one cent each too much for the
Department to charge for the transportation of
newspapers in the United States ? For instance,
from New York to San Francisco, in California,
or fiom New Orleans to New York ? it should
be recollected that one half went to the postmaster,
and the Government only received one half cent
for the transportation of a newspaper weigh-
ing three ounces, that distance. Why, then,
I repeat, was this deduction of fifty per cent, made,
which reduces thecompensation of the Department
to a quarter of a cent, after taking out the com-
mission on the postage? It reduced the pay of
the Government to a quarter of a cent for carrying
a newspaper, weighing three ounces, from New
York to New Orleans, or from New York to San
Fiancisco, while, at the same time, we paid one
cent and a half per ounce for the transportation of
that paper across the Isthmus alone. Will any-
body for a moment contend that a quarter of a cent
will reimburse the Government its expense for
transportation? if you desire to make the Post
Office Department a self-sustaining one; that every-
thing passing through the mails shall pay the
cost of transportation, then why, and for what
reason, do you make this great distinction in favor
of newspapers and periodicals? You can hardly
sustain the Department, indeed you cannot sus-
tain it, by charging the three cents postage on-a
letter weighing half an ounce. Then why only
charge one quarter cent postage on a newspaper
weighing thrte ounces?
The.present rate is one cent for the transporta-
tion of newspapers and peiiodicals anywhere in
the United States outside of the Suite whete pub-
lished, and weighing not less tnan thiee ounces,
if, then, you repeal what is proposed by the bill
under consideration, you will make the law just
what it is on its face, one cent postage for the
transportation ot newspapers and periodicals any-
where in the United Suites. All we desire is to
do away with the fifty per cent, discount, which
was put into the law as a proviso for prepayment
ofpostage, while, in fact, italways was a prepay-
ment, and must necessarily always be a prepay-
ment.
Sir, I am somewhat astonished to see a por-
tion even of the country press warring against this
provision. The gentlemen representing the cities
of Philadelphia and New York, and more especi-
ally the astute gentleman representing the city of
Philadelphia, [Mr. Chandler,] understand full
well that this proviso ot the law ot 1852 is a bonus
to the city, anu against the country press. You
suffer your country newspapets to circulate free
of postage in the county where published; but
when you make this reduction tff filiy per cent, in
favor of the city press, you enable that press to
supplant that ot the country even m their own
county.
Now, 1 would not so much object if the city
press paid what it absolutely cost the Government
for transportation* If we weie not at a loss to
transpoit the city papers to the country, 1 would
not so much object to the fifty per cent, reduction.
But you are now carrying the city papers at one
half the cost of transportation; and why should
this bonus be given to them ?
Mr. WALSH. 1 wish to ask my friend from
Ohio whether it would be any detriment to the
country towns to have the fifty cent pieces pro-
hibited , and a large introduction ol ten dollar gold
pieces ?
Mr. OLDS. I move to recommitthe bill, so that
it may be kept before the House. 1 am anxious
to repiy to the inquiry proposed by the gentleman
from New Yoik. Peihnps that fifty cent piece
may seem as large to the countryman as the ten
or twenty dollar piece of my friend from New
York.
Mr. WALSH. Are there any countrymen in
your district in Ohio so verdant as that? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. OLDS. I should consider one of my con-
stituents very green who should put as high value
upon a fifty cent piece as oneof the New Yorkers.
While a New Yorker would perhaps pay five or
ten dollais for a dinner at Delmomco's, you can-
not find one of my constituents who would be
verdant enough to pay more than fifty cents.
Mr. WALSH. That is dodging the question.
I was not speaking of the relative value set upon
money m the country and in the city.
Mr. OLDS, if the gentleman intends to make
a comparison by considering the city press as
worth ten doliais, whilehe would put the country
piess at fifty cents, 1 will take issue with him
directly. 1 would rather have one ot your fifty
cent country presses, speaking the honest senti-
ments of the country, where public sentiment
ought to originate, than to have your ten dollar
Tribune, ana papers of that class, to circulate all
over the country at the expense of the Govern-
ment, for the purpose of creating public sentiment
for the country press.
Mr. WALSH. The Tribune produces no
effect whatever in the city of New York, itoeiy
affects country people. [Laughter.] Thegenfle-
man from Ohio is evidently speaking for his con-
stituents.
Mr. OLDS. Then my argument is legitimate.
It is for the country I am speaking, and not for the
city. It is to protect the country against the bale-
ful influence of that ten dollar paper of New York>
that looks as big as an eagle to the eyes of the
gentleman from New York, that I speak upon
this occasion. I should have no fear for the in-
telligence of the people, i am not afraid of the
effect the Tribune, Herald, Express, or any of the
city papers, will produce in my district; but i do
not want they should have the advantage of send-
ing and circulating their papers in the country
districts at the expense of the Government for
one fouith of what it costs the Government to
lake them there.
Mr. WALSH. Judging from the result in
Ohio, I should say that the Tribune produced more
effect iri Ohio than in New York. [Laughter.]
Mr. OLDS. Well, sir, i do not know. The
Tribune does not circulate any more in Ohio this
year than it did last year; and at our last guber-
natorial election the Democratic ticket received a
majority of seventy thousand. Where was New
York at her last gubernatorial election?
Mr. WHEELER. Is the gentleman from
Ohio in order in alluding to the merits or demerits
of a single press.
Mr. WALSH. My friend from New York is
perhaps sensitive.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. OLDS. I did not rise to discuss the mer-
its or demerits of the city press. My friend from
New York instituted the comparison.
I Mr. WALSH. My friend from New York
. [Mr. Wheeler] is a little sensitive about this
j mattet, as the Tiibune advocates his re6ie?tion.
' [Laughter.]
j Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
! pired?
| The SPEAKER. It has.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I move,then, that the rules
I of the House be suspended, and that the House
j resolve itself into the Committee of the Vv7hoie on
j the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor for that-purpose?
Mr. OLDS. 1 do.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to submit a
motion which, 1 suppose, takes precedence of the
motion submitted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama; and that is, to proceed to business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee ot the Whole on the state of the Union—
the gentleman from Alabama having obtained the
floor for that purpose—is first in order.
Mr. DAVIS, if I remember correctly, the
Speaker decided differently upon a former occa-
;J sion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
i' is mistaken, it m true that there are a number of
j1 highly privilege#motions recognized bytherules.
i; The gentleman from Ohio having the floor, and
!| being engaged in speaking dunng the morning t ^
|| hour,and the morning hour having expired, under
■ i the rules he can be arrested by a motion to pro-
; ceed to the business on the Speaker's table. But
I there is another rule which declares that a motion
i to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union, shall always be in order. Now, ,
i to make these rules as consistent with each other
] as possible, the practice of the House has been,
| that when the gentleman speaking is arrested^by
I; this motion to go to the business on the Speaker s
II table, the other motion may be made by any gen-
l tleman who can obtain the floor. And this latter
;■ motion takes precedence of the one to go to the
:j business on the Speaker's table.
ii Mr. DAViS. i submit to the ruling of the
j Chair; and i ask the gentleman from Alabama to
,j withdraw his motion for a moment, in order to
:i enable me to submit one to go to the business on
j the Speaker's table.
j Mr. HOUSTON. Several gentlemen around me
i say they will renew the motion if 1 withdraw it.
| The SPEAKER. The majority of the House,
I in this case, can determine, and do what they like
, in relation to these several matters.
| Mr. ORR. Before the question is put, I.ask the
I unanimous consent of the House—at the instance
j of the gentleman fiom Geoigia, [Mr. De.vt,] who
! has been called away by indisposition—to enable .
j me to withdraw certain papers, that they may be
1 referred to the War Department.
! Geneial consent having been expressed, it was,
! on motion by Mr. ORR,
