1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
agreed to take up the bill for the relief of the
heirs of Dr. William Somerville. It is a bill which
has heretofore passed the Senate in a full Senate,
and wou;d have been passed on the day referred
to by me but for the ascertainment—which was
accidental, I believe—that no quorum was present.
I hope the Senate will consent to take up and pass
the bill at this time.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
ascertain the value of the property of the late
Dr. William Somerville, of Calvert county,
Maryland, which was destroyed by the British
troops during the invasion of that State in 1814,
ill consequence of its occupancy by the troops in
the service of the United States, and to pay them
the amount so found due.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
>r a thin
,v
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, some days since
I introduced a bill to divide the State of Ohio into
twojudieia! districts, and to provide for holding
the district and circuit courts of the United States
therein. This bill received the favorable consid-
eration of the Committee on the Judiciary at the
last session of Congress, and was then passed by
the Senate; but it failed -in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in consequence of not being reached. I
move that it be taken up and acted upon at this
time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BADGER. 1 presume this is identical
with the bill which was passed at the last session,
and therefore it is hardly necessary to read it
again. I hope the question will be taken upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I think the bill ought either to
be read, or to be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Tt. has not been referred.
Mr. BADGER. Then I have no objection to
the reading of the bill.
The Secretary continued and finished the reading.
The bill proposes to enact, that the counties of
Belmont, Guernsey,Muskingum, Licking,Frank-
lin, Madison, Champaign, Shelby, and Mercer,
and all that part of Ohio lying south of them, shall
be the southern district of Ohio, the courts for
which shall be held at the city of Cincinnati; and
the remaining portion of the State shall constitute
another district, to be called the northern district
of Ohio, the courts for which shall be held at
Cleveland. The bill makes provision for the ap-
pointment of a district judge for the northern
district, and of a district attorney and marshal
for the southern district, and makes other provi-
sions in reference to the proposed division.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio whether the Legislature of the State of
Ohio has taken any action upon this subject, and
if so, what that action has been ?
Mr. CHASE. I am not aware of any recent
action by the Legislature, nor can I answer the
question of the Senator as to whether any action
has been taken.
Mr. WELLER. I asked the question because
my action here upon this bill will depend upon
the fact whether the Legislatuie of Ohio desires
that this division shall take place. It seems to me
that if the public interests there demanded this
division, the Legislature would have taken some
action in regard to it. There is a diversity of
opinion, I know, amongst the citizens of that
Slate in regard to the necessity for this division;
and I should be much better satisfied if the Legis-
lature had expressed some opinion in regard to it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I see now
clearly that the Senator from Indiana was right in
requiring that this bill should be read, and that I
very properly put force upon my own inclinations,
and concluded to listen to certain parts of it. I
am very strongly inclined to think that the last
section m this bill is founded upon an erroneous
principle. It provides that the judge of the dis-
trict court, for each of the proposed districts in
Ohio, shall reside at the place where the court is
to be held; the necessary consequence of which is,
that in the appointments to be made, nobody will
be, practically, eligible for the station, except the
particular members of the bar who happen to live
at the towns or places where the court is to be
held. Sir, I think this is not exactly the way to
coerce the performance of duties from judges.
The range of selection ought not, in my opinion,
to be narrowed when the Executive comes to
make the appointment, which, practically, it would
be under this bill.
I would therefore suggest to the Senator from
Ohio, that perhaps it would be better that we
should have a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary in regard to this bill; and if he will not
take it to be at all unkind in reference to his meas-
ure, I will move its reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper
in the chair.) The question is upon the motion
to refer.
Mr. CHASE. I do not understand that that
motion has been made by my friend from North
Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir, I made the motion.
Mr. CHASE. Then I trust the Senator will
withdraw the motion after a statement to which,
I hope, he will listen. This bill was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary heretofore, and it
then contained the same provision which is now
objected to. It was reported upon favorably, and
received the action of the Senate at the last session,
and was passed, 1 think, without a dissenting
voice. I would not object to a reference to the
committee, 1 should not have objected at the time
the bill was introduced, if it had not been known
that there was but a single member of that com-
mittee then present. There is not now a quorum
of that committee present, and it is uncertain when
there will be. Under those circumstances it
seemed to me that the unanimous action of a
former committee, and the favorable action of the
Senate upon it at a former session, might well be
taken m lieu of a report at this session. 1 hope,
therefore, that my friend from North Carolina
will withdraw his motion to refer, unless there be
some special reason for it.
In regard to the objection which is made to the
last section of the bill, I will say that it was con-
tained in the former bill, but lam not at all strenu-
ous about retaining it. The section will not,
however, by any means have the effect which is
contemplated. It requires the judge for the south-
ern district to reside in the city of Cincinnati,
where the courts of the southern district are di-
rected to be held, and the judge of the northern
district to reside at the city of Cleveland, where
the courts for the northern district are directed to
be held. I think that the difficulty will not be so
much in confining the selection to judges from
those particular places as it will be in selecting
from the number of candidates who will present
themselves from different sections of the State.
This provision is not objected to by any gentle-
man from Ohio, so far as I am aware; it is not
objected to by either of the Senators from Ohio; j
and I trust, therefore, we may be allowed to man- {
age our local bills in our own way, having those
provisions in them which are satisfactory to the
gentlemen concerned in their passage.
So far as the action of the Legislature is con-
cerned, 1 beg leave to say that we are not, I believe,
here in the habit of waiting for the instructions of
our Legislature upon every question before we act
upon those matters which concern the interests of
our State. It is enough for me that there is a de-
cided majority of the delegation from Ohio, of
hoth parties, in the other House, who desire the
passage of this bill, that the bar and the suitors
throughout the State desire its passage, and that
it will result, in my judgment, in a very large
economy to the Government. I might illustrate
this, if it were required, by a reference to a recent
suit, very well known throughout the country as
the Martha Washington case, where witnesses,
residing for the most part at Cincinnati, were all
to be summoned to Columbus; and finally the case
actually went against the Government, because, as
is supposed, it was impossible to get all the wit-
nesses to attend in the interior of the State. This
division is demanded by the public interests; it is
demanded by the wishes of the people; it is de-
i manded by the desires of those who are concerned
i j[n the administration of justice; it is desired by a
j majority of the delegation from Ohio; it is con-
curred in by both her Senators; and I trust the
bill will be allowed to pass.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I fear that the
state of facts which the Senator from Ohio has
brought to the attention of the Senate proves, not
that we ought not now to pass this bill without
its undergoing the revision of a committee, but
that we acted at the last session of Congress too,
much under the influence of favor without a, par-
ticular inquiry into the character of the measure
which we were passing. Now, sir, I do not think
that the provision of the bill to which 1 have
objected is one of that local character which should
be left to be settled, as an affair of their own, by
the Ohio delegation; very far from it, sir. The
judges of the United States in Ohio are appointed,
far less for the benefit of the citizens of Ohio than
for the benefit of the citizens of other States.
They are judges of the nation. They hold courts
to take cognizance of pleas between the citizens of
other States and the citizens of Ohio. We of other
States look up to them specially for the adminis-
tration of justice, in cases where it was supposed
by the framers of our institutions we might not
have the same confident reason to expect its im-
partial administration from the local tribunals. To
say, then, that the constitution and regulation of
the courts of the United States, to be held in the
individual States, is to be treated as a matter of
local concern, and to be settled according to the
views or wishes of the representatives of the
locality, is, I think, to introduce a principle
entirely at war with the very purpose for which
those courts were established.
1 look upon this provision as wrong in principle.
It is the commencement of a system of restrictions
by law upon the judges, which may be of the
most mischievous character. It is a matter of no
importance to suitors where the judge resides,
in what part of his district he resides, provided
he is always at the place where the courts are
to be held to transact the public business of
the country, when it is necessary for him to be
there. If the duties of his office require him to
be there all the time, of course he will reside
there. The manifest propriety and the conven-
ience of the thing would dictate that result to him;
but if the duties of his office can be as well dis-
charged by his living ten, fifteen, twenty, or thirtj
miles from the city or town in which the court is ■
to be held, I pray you, what advantage is gained
to the world, what to the nation, what to the
suitors, by imposing upon him, by law, a par-
ticular locality of residence? I think it is wrong
in principle. Our friends from Ohio may be
willing to put such restrictions upon their local
judges. That is their affair. Let them pat it
there if they please, but not upon judges who are
appointed under the Constitution of the United
States mainly to administer justice to those who
are citizens of other States.
However, sir, I do not wish to go into this
question now. I merely wish to say, that having
discovered that the bill contains this objectionable
provision, it seems to me that it is proper that it
should undergo the revision of the Committee on
the Judiciary. That course will take very little
time. There will be a majority of the committee
here to-morrow. There are three members of the
committee here now, and the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayakd,] who is a member of the
committee, will be here to-morrow; and I really
think it will be worth while to have the delay of
a day or two, in order to allow this matter to be
looked into.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the featwre of
this bill which is objected to by the Senator from
North Carolina, does not apply to the appoint-
ment, but to the location of thejudge after he shall
have been appointed. If the bill be adopted as
presented, I apprehend the President will have the
whole State of Ohio from which to make the selec-
tion; but the judges, when selected, will be obliged
to reside at Cincinnati or Cleveland, wher^*the
courts are to be held. Now, I apprehend, that the
feature which is objected to, is one which would
be beneficial. If it would be so inconvenient to
reside at the seat-of justice, that a gentleman hvmg
elsewhere would not accept the judgeship if
coupled with that condition, it mignt also be so
inconvenient as to prevent that gentleman at-
tending when the services of the public would
require his attention. Practically, I know, sir,
that the Executive has attempted to enforce, with
