1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9S&-
the processes which issue from that board, and
the witnesses who are required to attend its sit-
tings, to receive the same compensation which is
allowed for similar services by the State courts.
I should not move the amendment if this were not
a specific case, calling for immediate-relief.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment. It
is to insert at the end of the appropriations for the
War Department the following:
'And the Secretary of War is hereby directed to have the
boundaries of the military reserve at the Presidio, near
San Francisco, established to include only such an amount
of land as is required for military purposes; and the resi-
due ot said reservation is hereby set apart for the use of
public schools in the city of San Francisco.
That is according to the recommendation of the
commander of the division of that coast.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for this?
Mr. GWIN. It is not an appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. It is an appropriation of land
for San Francisco.
Mr. GWIN. I have a letter from the command-
ing general on the Pacific coast, giving, in detail,
reasons showing why there is a great deal more
land in the reservation than is required for the
military service. Let the letter be read:
The Seeretary read the letter, as follows:
Headquarters Pacific Division. >
San Francisco, October ^5, 1853. $
Sir: Doctor Gwm, a few days before his recent departure
from ihis city to resume his duties in the United States
Senate, asked me whether I thought the whole of the res-
ervation at the Presidio (near tlie Golden Gate) was
required for public purposes connected with the defense of
the harbor? [ at once gave the opinion4iiat there is much
more ground included in the reservation than could be
required, but that an opinion from the engineers charged
with the duty of erecting the defenses foi the harbor would
doubtless bo needed befoie any diminution of it could be
recommended. By a note from Doctor Gwin, of the 15th
instant, handed to me yesterday, I am requested to address
my opinion on the point above indicated to the honorable
Secretary of War, his object being to have the surplusage
(if any) appropriated to the use of schools in this (San
Francisco) elty, during the approaching session of Con-
gress.
I have no hesitation in saying, that, in my opinion, there
is much more ground included in the reservation than is
required for puhhe purposes, and more than it is either
expedient or, perhaps, possible to retain so near a rapidly
growing city like this; and that if a considerable portion, to
lie designated under the direction of the President, could be
devoted to educational purposes in this city, a better dispo-
sition o( it could not possibly be made.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, T*-. A. HITCHCOCK,
Colonel 2d Inf. and Brevet By tg. General.
Colonel Samuei. Cooper, Adjutant General,
United States Jinny, Washington City, D. C.
Mr. GWi'N. The commander of the division
states that' there is much more land in this re-
serve than is needed for the use of the Govern-
ment; and all I ask is, that the United States
should relinquish their title to a portion of it for
this purpose; because there are half a dozen titles
to it now, and I do not know how many more
may turn up before the question is finally settled.
The commander of the Pacific division specifically
states that he has now to keep a force constantly
employed to keep persons from intruding upon it.
1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose that in other
States the United States have more land than
they can occupy for public purposes. It seems
to me that it would at least be proper to add a
proviso to this amendment, that the State of Cali-
fornia should give up her title to this lot, upon
which we have already spent $80,000 or $90,000
in reclaiming it from the sea and piling it.
Mr. STUART. I have a few words to say
upon this amendment, because I have had occa-
sion to call upon the Department in relation to a
similar question heretofore. I think, and I sub-
mit it to the Senate, that it would be hazardous to
interfere in this way with military reservations
without having the sanction of the Secretary of
War. It has not been done in any case, to my
knowledge. A case arose in my own State in re-
lation to Fort Gratiot, where six or eight hundred
acres of land were held as a military reserve, and
the Engineer Department to this day is unwilling
to certify to Congress that there is too much land
there for military purposes. That is not a place
where the position is anything like as valuable, or
as important to the public service, as this position
at San Francisco. I submit that the Senate should
not undertake here to-day to cut down the mili-
tary reserve at San Francisco without consulting
the Department, without having any information
except a report from the officer in command, which
is never considered as satisfactory. Besides, if
that were to be done, I think it would be better to
consider what disposition we should afterwards
make of the land cut off. I should prefer very
much, if we are to give it at all, that we should give
it to the State of California at large, rather than
to the city of San* Francisco. There has not been
a case of this sort before, to my knowledge, and
I doubt whether one has ever arisen under this
Government, where we have undertaken to inter-
fere and dispose of a military reserve without the
express sanction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment requires his
sanction. He is ordered to set apart as much as
is wanted for the public interests, and the residue
only is to be granted to the city.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacltd, That so milch of the act, en-
titled "An act making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of Government for the year ending ihe
30th June, 1853, and for other purposes," as provides for
compensation to the Spanish Consul and others, for losses
occasioned by violence at New Orleans and at Key West,
in the year 1851, shall be so construed as to place Michael
Pappentza, a subject of Austria, on the same footing with
subjects of Spain.
Mr. President, it has been made to appear to
the Department of State that there was an un-
happy subject of Austria, who was confounded
with the Spanish subjects, at the time of the dep-
redations upon them about the period of a certain
public meeting which took place at New Orleans
in 1851, in consequence of certain events in Cuba.
The provision which was made to compensate
them for those losses was confined by law to
Spanish subjects. This poor man is the only one
who is not provided for, because he does not come
within the provisions of the law, as he is not a
Spanish subject. His claim amounts only to §100
or $200,ana there can be no doubt that he shoujd
be placed on a footing with the subjects of Spain
in regard to this indemnity.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I report the following amendment
from the Committee on Territories:
To Richard H. Weightman, for mileage and for per diem
as Senator elect from New Mexico, §2,460.
I am authorized to offer this amendment by the
unanimous concurrence of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. A Delegate from that Territory, who
came here at the sametimewith Mr. Weightman,
was paid, and how it happened that Mr. Weight-
man was not paid, I cannot understand. He was
elected a Senator upon the presumption that New
Mexico would be admitted into the Union as a
State, and traveled from there to Washington city
with that expectation. A Delegate came here at
the same time. One was paid, but the other was
not. I conceive that, according to the practice of
the Senate, or of Congress in such cases, Mr.
Weightman is equally entitled to be paid with
other gentlemen who presented themselves under
similar circumstances. Whatever error may have
been committed by the people of New Mexico,
and however delusive may have been the expec-
tations under which he made his appearance here,
Congress is not thereby discharged from the obli-
gation of payment in this case, when it has paid
all other Delegates similarly situated.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
dangerous precedent to establish, to pay a Senator
elect from a Territory when that Territory may
not be formed into a State for a long time to come.
If this is to be allowed, may not all the Territories
be electing Senators and sending them here?
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is not a new principle
at all. When Minnesota was left without any
government, her people sent an agent here, and
we established a government for them, and paid
their agent. Oregon, being left without any gov-
ernment, sent two agents; we established a gov-
ernment, and paid them. Utah sent an agent in
the same way, and we paid him. New Mexico,
being left without any government at all, at the
same time that California formed a State govern-
ment, attempted to make one of her own, and
sent her agents here. We have paid the Delegate
whom she sent to the House, but we have not paid
the gentleman whom she sent to this body. When
we admitted California we paid her Senators and
Representatives from the time they came here. We
have paid every territorial agent except this one;
This amendment is only to put him on an equality
with the others. It was an oversight, or it would
have been done before.
Mr. CASS. I feel very favorably disposed to-
wards the amendment, if it is proper; but JU wish
to ask whether there was another agent- from this
Territory? •
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. Then I wilLnot vote for this. The
New Mexican authorities ought to have known
better than to send two here. They ought notto
expect us to pay two Delegates for them. One
has already been paid, and I am not willing to go
further.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oregon sent two, and ws
paid them. NewMexico sent one to each House;
and we paid the one sent to the other House, but
not the one sent to the Senate. It wa8 an omis-
sion at the time when we paid the one for the
House. We paid two for Oregon.
Mr. CASS. Why pay two?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Only because two came on,
and did service, and expended their means in
coming.
Mr. CASS. Was there a contest?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
Mr. CASS, i think it is fair to pay one; but I
am not willing to go beyond that. We did this,
at first for Minnesota; and we allowed the Dele-
gate to take his seat, though not regularly elected j
but are the people of a Territory to go further
than that, and send a Senator here, without any
kind of grounds for it? I am not willing to agree
to it. ■
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator from Illinois
did not state the case fully. Two Senators were
elected from New Mexico—one came, and one did
not. The Delegate who was sent to the House
was received there and paid.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Delegate was not re-
ceived, I believe; but he was paid, after the forma-
tion of a territorial government. He performed
service, and was paid.
Mr. GWIN. After the territorial government
was organized, he took his seat, if I remember,
rightly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; not at all. He
went back for reelection.
Mr. GWIN. He was not reelected; and that
Delegate never came, unless under his first election.
Mr. CASS. Mr. Sibley, of Minnesota, wets one
of the first cases.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Two came from Oregon; one
was received, but both were paid. Two came
from Utah; they were not received,but they were
paid. Besides, at the time when New Mexico
sent these agents here, the policy of the existing
Administration was to encourage the people there
to form a State government; and they had a right
to suppose that they were to be received as Cali-
fornia was. At any rate, this agent came here at
his own expense, and expended this amount of
money; but he was sent back. As you have paid
all others, I do not see why he should not be put
on an equality with them. He certainly incurred
all the expenses. It was an oversight that it
was not brought forward then. I had charge of
the other appropriation, and it was brought into
the Senate and adopted. This did not happen to
be in my hands at the time, or I should have of-
fered it.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 11, noes 19—no quorum
voting. .
Mr. BADGER. I am very certain that this
matter is not understood by the Senate, or they
would not object to paying this gentleman, l
know very well the reason why the payment was
not made before. My friend from Tennessee re-
marked that it was some oversight. It was not
an oversight; but when this very appropriation
was moved to a former bill by one of the Senators
from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] not now present,
it was rejected in the Senate by one vote, and that
vote was mine. I voted against it upon the ground
that the honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
was indignant, (because, at that time the State of
Texas claimed New Mexico as being part of her
territory,) that an attempt should be made on the
part of New Mexico to establish a constitution
as a State, and send her representatives here.
As my friend from Tennessee well remember^,
we were then engaged in endeavoring -to arrange
