810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
the compromise measures of 1850, and we wished
not to fidd any fuel to the flame of excitement and
opposition which then existed in any quarter.
But it was recognized, I believe, universally in
the Senate as a just and proper allowance.
Under the circumstances, 1 should deeply regi et
that my vote given on that occasion, for that
very reason, should he the means of preventing
this sum being paid now. New Mexico un-
dertook to form a State constitution; and, under
that attempt, she elected a Senator to this body,
and elected a member to the other House. The
member sent to the other House was paid by that
House. The person elected as a Senator to (his
House was not paid by this House. That is the
whole matter. Now,! should be glad to see what
possible ground there can be to make a difference
in this case. It seems personal; it seems invid-
ious. It cannot be the amount of money. I do
not see why a different measure should be dealt
out to this gentleman from what was dealt out to
the gentleman who attempted, under precisely the
same circumstances, to represent this supposed or
assumed State in the other House of Congress.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Tennessee the propriety of altering the
phraseology of hi« amendment, by strikingoutthe
words 44 Senator elect " and inserting " agent,"
or something of that sort. This gentleman might
have been sent here as an agent, but he was not a
Senator, and 1 cannot vote to pay him as a Sena-
tor.
Mr. BELL. He was just as much a Senator
as was one of the honorable gentlemen who pre-
sented themselves here from California; but still
I defer to the wishes of my friend from Maryland,
and I am willing to let the modification which he
suggests be made. I can see no possible differ-
ence between a proposition to pay this gentleman,
and what has been done in three or four other
cases. Certainly there is no diiference in princi-
ple. There maybe some prejudice existing with
gentlemen on the ground that he is mentioned in
the amendment as a "Senator elect;" but the truth
is that he was not a Senator in fact, and there-
fore, I presume, with the consent of the Senate,
that alteration can be made. Let him be stated as
an agent sent by the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. BROWN. Then I wdl suggest to my hon-
orable friend from Tennessee that it will be entirely
without precedent, for he will be the first agent
whom we have paid as such. The others were
Delegates.
Mr. BELL. Then call him a Delegate.
Mr. WELLER. A qiutsi Delegate.
Mr. BELL. 1 know it will be impossible to
comply with the views of every Senator; but the
substance is, wdl you reject the claim of this gen-
tleman to be paid when became here in a political
capacity, according to the understanding of the
people of New Mexico, to represent then interests
in the Congress of the United States, or to present
their claims to be recognized as a Territory or as
a State, as Congress should think proper? They
formed their State Constitution, and elected him
as a Senator, but that did not make him a Sen-
ator. California formed her State constitution,
and elected two Senators, but they were no more
Senators than Mr. Weightman was, until Con-
gress recognized California as a State of this Union.
Thereis no difference m principle between the two
cases.
Mr. BROWN. Were they paid ?
Mr. HELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Not. until after the State was
admitted.
Mr I5I2LL. I believe so.
Mr. BADGER. Out they were paid for back
time.
Mr. BELL. The payment reverted back by
relation to the time of their arrival here under their
election. On what principle did Congress pay the
Delegates from Oregon, and Utah, and Minnesota?
They came here not, technically and legally speak-
ing, as Delegates, political representatives, recog-
nized as such by the laws of the countiy; but
Congress thought it was just to them, and to the
inhabitants of the Territories who sent them here
t«  present their claims and repiesent their interests,
that they should be paid. Say, if you will, that
it u «s done on the ground of liberality and gen-
erosity, and that we were under no obligation to
do so; but, sir, I ask, when you have recognized
the pi inciple that you will pay under such circum-
stances, on what ground will you discriminate
against Mr. Weightman?
"Mr. BROWN, i snould be very sorry if the
gentleman who was elected and returned here as a
Senator Irom New Mexico should imagine for a |
moment that m voting ag«inst this amendment I
entertain any but the kindest possible feelings tor
him. I entertain very kind and friendly feelings
for him. But where is this thing to stop? Are a
mere handful of people somewhere in an unorgan-
ized territory, not a regular Territory, (for it is
altogether inappropiiate to speak of New Mexico
at that penod as a Territory; it was solely an
unorganized country,) to be allowed to get to-
gether, go through some kind of farce of electing
somebody here whom they call a Senator, and
some one to the House of Representatives, to be
called a member of Congress? And then are we
to pay those persons, not because they had the
least shadow of claim on earth to seats here or in
the other end of the Capitol? Why, sir, I under-
stand there are as many as two or three Delegates
here now from the proposed Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas. Are they to be paid? And
are you to pay anybody who comes herefrom any
portion of country, whether inhabited or not?
Wherever there is the shadow of authority,
wherever there is the slightest pietext in h\w for
anybody to come here, such is my respect for the
purity of the ballot-box, that in all contests 1 am
willing to pay both parties,lest such contests shall
not be brought forward and fairly investigated;
yet I think even that has been carried too far. I
believe it is certainly going entirely too far to talk
of paying two persons sent here by the legislative
body of New Mexico. There was no legislative
body there at that time, no constituency to send
them, no State, or pretended State; but a mere
handful of people get together and go through the
ridiculous farce of sending two Senators to Con-
gress, and we are to pay those whom they send.
One of the gentlemen who was thus chosen to
come to this body took a sensible view of it. He
said, " I will not goto Washington. This is not
a State, and there is nobody here to make a State."
I submit, sir, that this case does not at all com-
pare with that of the State of California. There
the people organized a government, and you ad-
mitted them as aState. Then, after you admitted
the State, you paid the Senators their per diem.
The payment may have related back to the act of
election; but in the act of admitting the State, you
made valid the previous action of the people.
Here you repudiated their whole action. You
did not even consider it. The action of the people
in New Mexico was never consideied at all in
either House of Congress. The whole thing was
looked upon as ridiculous, it is said that the
member whom they sent to the other House was
paid. If so, it was wrong; and one wrong can-
not justify another.
Mr. BBLL. How about Minnesota?
Mr. BROWN. In the case of Minnesota,
according to my recollection, the Delegate was
admitted. There was no law authorizing his elec-
tion, but he was admitted to the floor of the House.
But even allowing that there may have been a
half a dozen precedents in that House, will they
justify us? 1 say you are now setting in the Sen-
ate of the United States a new precedent. You
are doing for yourselves an act which is to stand
as a precedent through all after time. You cannot
justify it by pointing to errors similar to it in the
other House of Congress. I have a very high
appreciation of Mr. Weightman. He was a Del-
egate in the House of Representatives when I was
' a member of that body. I like him very much;
and if he could get this money quietly, without my
having to say or do anything in regard to it, I
should be very willing that he should have it; but
I cannot vote for such a proposition as this, because
1 think it is wrong.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, we all know
very well that the acquisitions made from Mexico
by the treaty of peace with that Republic, led to
very great irregularities in this Government. Sir,
California, before she was either a Territory or a
State, assembled a convention, under the counsels
and recommendations of the Federal Executive,
declared herself a State; elected members to a
Legislature; and that Legislature elected Senators
to this body; and the expenses of the election were
paid out of the military chest, and that payment
was sanctioned by the Government.
As has been well said by the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, when the honorable gentlemen
who came he e, claiming to be Senators tor Cali-
fornia, present*d their credentials af your table,
they were rio more Senators than was the gentle-
man whose payment is now contended for—not
one bit. I speak it without the slightest disre-
spect either to that State or to the gentlemen who
represented her as Senators; but such was their
actual condition under the law and the Constitu-
tion. Then what was done? California was,
against my judgment, admitted as a State, and the
gentlemen whom she sent here as Senators were
not only paid their full allowance for daily wages,
but their mileage aUo, dating back from the day
of their airival m Washington, and not from the
time they took their seats. Everything, there-
fore, m that instance, was released.
Now, what was done in the Territory of New
Mexico? Befoie that was ei'her a Territory, or-
ganized as such, or a State, under the counsels of
the same Executive, the people there attempted to
erect themselves into a State, constituted a^Legis-
lature, elected two Senators,and a member to the
House of Representatives, and sent them here.
One came claiming to be a Senator; the gentle-
man who was elected ns a Representative came
also. How was it different from the California
case ? Both sprung up under the hot-bed of Ex-
ecutive recommendation. One was sanctioned,
but the other was not. But does that fact involve,
in the slightest degiee, the pi inciple of payment,
or the expediency or justice of the payment? I
cannot see it.
Sir, this Government was unsettled to its foun-
dations by the actions of the late Administration
connected with the acquisitions from Mexico.
Yet it was all legalized; all sanctioned. Gentle-
men came here representing, or claiming to repre-
sent, Utah and Oregon, in the same position,
without any shadow of authority in law; yet the
exigency of the case seems to have been admitted
by Congress; and having been sent here in that
capacity, their expenses were paid, as though
they had been legally elected. Now, I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Illinois says
that one only who was elected as Senator from
New Mexico came here; and the member who
was elected to the House came here. That mem-
ber was paid; and yet it is now said that we are
not to pay this man because it will set a bad pre-
cedent. Sir, the precedent was set from the time
the California Senators were treated as Senators
nunc pro tunc. They were paid from the day of
their arrival in this city. The precedent was set
in thecaseof the Delegates from Utah and Oregon,
before territorial governments were organized;
and it is perfectly immaterial, in my conception,
whethei they were legalized or not as States or
Territories. The principle is the same, and the
justice is the same.
Mr. CLAYTON. Sir, the precedent was set,
let me tell my friend from Virginia, long before
the California case. The precedent was set as
far back as the time when we began to admit new
States. I do not wish to go back quite that far;
1 could mention a number of cases very readily,
but I will content myself with referring to one
with which I am somewhatfamihar. I happened
to be the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in the years 1835 and 183G. The bill for
the admission of Michigan into the Union was
referred to the committee of which I was a mem-
ber. We reported upon it. We rejected the ap-
plication of Michigan for admission; we sent her
back. Her two Senators, Mr. Norvcll and Mr.
Lyon, came here on the 7th December, 1835,
when she first applied for admission. What fol-
lowed? She was not admitted until the 5J6th Jan-
uary, 1837. She was not admitted until she had
complied with the conditions which we demanded
of her. She had to assemble a convention and
change her constitution, to satisfy the views of the
Congress of the United States, before she could
obtain admission.
Now then the question is, what was done with
the Senators ? They came hereon the 7th of De-
cember, 1835, and I have obtained a note from
the Secretary's office, by which it appears that
both Mr. Norvell and Lyon were paid from that
day as Senators, although they could not have
been Senators in any sense until the 26th of Jan-
uary, 1837. I think that has been the case always,
i think it was so with Missouri.
