1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
Mr. PETTIT. The Secretary of the Navy so
recommends ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The head of the Bureau
of Docks and Yards does, and the recommendation
is sent here by the Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
THE ARKANSAS RIVER.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate all the information on file in
his department respecting the execution of so much of the
law approved the 30th day of August, 1852, for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbuis, as makes an appropriation for
the Arkansas river ; how far the sum appropriated for that
purpose has been expended; for what purposes, and for
what kind and amount of service; also, how much has
been expended in the construction of snag-boats for said
river.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
instructed to inquire whether any change in the plan of the
Capitol extension has been made since the adjournment of
the last Congress, and if so, by what authority such altera-
tion has been made, and whether such change, if any, in-
volves an additional expenditure of the public money.
SMALL NOTES IN THE DISTRICT.
On the motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill to suppress the circulation of
small notes as a currency in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The amendment reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia was agreed to by the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, when the
bill was under its consideration on Wednesday,
the 21st ultimo.
Mr. ADAMS. At the instance of the Mayor
of Georgetown, I have consented to propose an
amendment to the bill. I learn from him that
the authorities of Georgetown have no opposition
to make to the bill; but, owing to the amount of
small notes which they have in circulation, they
ask until the first day of July next to take up that
circulation. I have thought it not an unreasonable
request, and have agreed to offer an amendment to
Mr. SHIELDS. How long a time does the
Mayor of Georgetown ask ?
Mr. ADAMS. Until the firstday of July next.
That will afford them ample time to take up the
circulation. The bill seems to meet the approba-
tion of the authorities of the District, so far as I
have had an opportunity to learn from my inter-
course with them; and a*s they only desire that its
operation should be postponed until the time men-
tioned, I move to amend the bill by striking out
of the ninth section the words " the passage
thereof," and insert the words "provided that
this act shall take effect, and be in force, from and
after the first day of July next."
Mr. BADGER. I will suggest to the Senator ;
from Mississippi that by the adoption of that
amendment we may find ourselves in a difficulty.
It is altogether probable that the bill will not be
acted upon by the House of Representatives until
July is past; and, if so, by the adoption of the
amendment, instead of making the bill take effect
from and after the first of July of this year, it will
have the effect to postpone it a year longer; be-
cause the act will speak, at the time of its passage,
of " first day of July next" after its passage. I
would suggest, therefore, to the Senator that he
modify his amendment so as to make it take effect
from and after the first day of July, 1854.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no objection to that. I
would suggest, however, to the Senator from
North Carolina, that I have no doubt the bill will
pass the House of Representatives earlier than he
anticipates; and by putting that time in it, public
attention in the District will be directed to it. It
is the time which the authorities ask. I have no
doubt, from the fact that a similar bill passed the
other House at the last session, by a large ma-
jority, and from the general desire of the country
that the bill shall pass, that it will be favorably
acted upon finally before the time specified arrives.
If, however, it should not, it will be an easy mat-
ter for the House to amend the bill in accordance
with the circumstances of the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cooper in
the chair.) Does the Senator from North Caro-
lina move to amend the amendment?
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; I cheerfully yield to
the suggestion of the honorable Senator, and am
very glad to hear his remark, because I know he
would not speak so, unless he had reason to think
that the House would act upon the bill in a few
Mr. DAWSON. I think the time from which
the bill is to take effect should be extended still
further than is proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi. I understand that the corporation
of Georgetown have about $60,000 of notes in
circulation, and the means will have to be raised
to take up their circulation. I think they will be
unable to do it by the time proposed. It is proper
that they should have time to withdraw their notes
from circulation, and therefore I suggest to my
honorable friend to modify his amendment, so as
to make it read the first of November next. Let
the authorities have time to prepare to redeem their
bills. No injury can result from it.
Mr. ADAMS. As I have already stated, I
have adopted the time that the Mayor himself
suggested—he, as I understood, representing the
views, fully expressed, of his board. I have
adopted his own time; and I think it is sufficient
to enable them to conform to the object of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. It will require an effort on
the part of the corporation to take up the circula-
tion of their notes, and sufficient time should be
given to them to adopt the necessary measures to
do so. I therefore move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out July and inserting Novem-
ber. No harm can result to any one from doing
that.
Mr. ADAMS. Under other circumstances, I
would accept that proposition; but the Mayor of
Georgetown called upon me in person, and asked
only for the time which 1 propose. I understood
from him that it would be sufficient. If he had
asked a longer time, I would have yielded it.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to say that the Mayor
of Georgetown called upon me, and had with me
a conversation precisely similar to that detailed by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi. He did
not deem it prudent to ask any longer time than
the Senator proposes to give. He said that until
the first day of July next would afford ample op-
portunity to take up their circulation.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 have no doubt that the
statements made by the honorable Senator are
correct; but no harm can be done by extending
the time.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make a statement
to the honorable Senator from Mississippi, which
1 have erroneously omitted to make before. 1
certainly intended to suggest to the honorable
Senator that the Mayor called here for the purpose
of seeing him, but as the honorable gentleman
was not in his place, the Mayor desired me to say
to him that it is his wish that the time should be
extended twelve months. He believes that a less
time than that would • reatly embarrass the oper-
ations of the corporatio i. Hesaid,whatl repeat
here, that he could see no good reason why the
time should not be given. 1 hope, therefore, the
honorable Senator will not press his amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred in;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time and
passed.
BANKING IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. FISH, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the business of banking in the District of Colum-
bia, and to regulate the issuing and circulation of
notes as money; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
CLAIMS AGAINST HATTI.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cooper
in the chair) laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the President of the United States, m
answer to a resolution of the Senate of January
18, 1853, with legard to the claims of American
citizens against Hayti, and the correspondence of
the special agent sent to Hayti and San Domingo
in 1849, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, and variousdocumenta(ponnected therewith; ■
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY. V
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
December 12,1853, calling for any correspondence
which had taken place between the Government
of the United States and that of Great Britain on
any subject growing out of the treaty of Wash-
ington of July 4, 1850.
Mr. CASS. Those documents are long; and I
suppose it will not be necessary to read them. I
move that they lie upon the table and be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hold in my hand a paper
which I should like to have printed in connection
with thos® documents. As I understand, sir, those
documents contaiij the construction which the
British Government place upon the treaty of
Washington of July 4, 1850, and the construc-
tion of their law officer. I hold in my hand the
opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, at the time the treaty was negotiated, giving
his construction to the treaty. I would simply
ask that it be printed in connection with the docu-
ments which have been transmitted to us.
Mr. CASS. There are some very extraordi-
nary disclosures in those documents, which are
calculated to excite a good deal of attention in the
country. There are set up in thfm claims, on the
part of England, which go entirely, in my opinion,
to nullify the treaty; and among them is the
opinion of the Queen's Advocate, supporting those
pretensions. The honorable Senator from Dela-
ware has done me the honor to show me the paper
to which he alludes, and a most powerful docu-
ment it is. Mr Johnson, who wrote it, was, at
the time of the negotiation of the treaty, the
Attorney General of the United States. It is
exceedingly proper, I think, that it should be
printed with the others, and go out to the country
at the same time with them. There is a portion
of it connected with the declaration, which was
annexed to the treaty, with which 1 do not agree,
as 1 have already stated; but with respect to the
main part of the paper, contesting the claims of
England in relation to that treaty, the effect of
which would be to nullify, the treaty, I consider it
a very powerful and able document—one which
would give great satisfaction to the American
people. I trust, therefore, the Senate will suffer
it to be printed with the other documents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. The next disposition which
will be made of the documents, will be, I suppose,
to refer them to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. 4s they are very important, I trust that
the Senate will unanimously consent to have them
read before that action is taken. I ask that they
may be read, so that the Senate may understand
them.
No objection was made; and the documents
were accordingly read.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have a few
remarks to make in regard to the papers which
have been communicated to us by the President,
before their reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Among the documents which have
been communicated by the President are two let-
ters, to which I take special exception.. One is a
letter from the Earl of Clarendon to Mr. Cramp-
ton, dated the 27thof May, 1853; theotheris from
the Queen's advocate to the British Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Lord Clarendon, dated the 15th
of April previous. They show that the remarks
which I made in my place here, as a Senator, on
the 8th of March last, were formally transmitted
by the British Minister to the British Cabinet,
there taken into consideration, and referred to
I Doctors Commons; that an opinion was obtained
' from the Queen's Advocate, reviewing my re-
i marks, and that the review was then sent back to
this Government. For what purpose, sir? The
call made by the resolution of the Senate, present-
ed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
was dated the 12th of December. That was the.
day on which that resolution passed. Three days
afterwards, on the 15th of December last, the Brit-
ish Minister took off, if I may use the phrase, the
injunction of secrecy from these dispatches, and
communicated them officially to the American Sec-
retary of State, so that those papers reviewing my
