THE COMPRESSION Ali GLOBE.
ri t *'•
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, C.,
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1854.
New Se1«es.;...No. 52.
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir; it was.
Mr. CLAYTON. My friend from Missouri
says it was. It has been the case with almost
every new State which I remember. Now, why
make a discrimination here? Did this gentleman
come in good faith ? Did he come under the be-
lief that he ought to come; that it was his duty to
the country to come ? Is there any reason to
Uoubt that? Wl.at was the condition of New
Mexico when he presented himself here for a seat
as a Senator of the United States? Why, sir,
that Territory, like California, had been neglected
for two years—shamefully neglected. No govern-
ment whatever had been extended over either of
those Territories, and each made an effort to rescue
itseif from anarchy. In the honest endeavor to
rescue the people of the Territory m which he
lived from that state of anarchy, this gentleman,
J suppose, came here ready to submit to the will
of the Congress of the United States. I have no
doubt of the justice of paying him under these
circumstances; and I respectfully submit that, to
yefttse to pay him, would be a departure from the
precedents which we have heretofore set.
Mr. BUTLER. I will not go, sir, into the
questions which have been adverted to, as to the
propriety of the admission of California into the
Confederacy of the States; but I will say this, that
when California knocked at our door, she came
here with some dignity; that is, she was repre-
sented to have a population which, if the steps for
her organization had been legal, would have enti-
tled her to be represented by two Senators on this
floor. So of Michigan. I make a great deal of
difference between a case where we reject one who
is knocking at our door, and a case where we adopt
as Senators those who have been sent here. We
have chosen to adopt the honorable gentlemen from
California who came here, as Senators and as
associates. We did so upon the ground that the
people of that Territory were in a state of anarchy,
and formed a State constitution to put an end to
it, having a population which had a right in some
measure to assume upon themselves the position
of a sovereign State. We adopted them, and
made them Senators nunc pro tunc. I say " we,"
but I do not mean to include myself, for every-
body here knows what my opinion was on the
subject. But here, sir, is the case of a man who
came from New Mexico to assume the position
and claim the compensation of a Senator. I sup-
pose he scarcely represented anybody but Indians;
certainly not three hundred, and I doubt if fifty
white people. We have not chosen to adopt him
as a Senator.
Now, sir, the facility of making new States is
great enough already; but to have this mode of
throwing out a bounty for persons to represent
themselves as Senators, when they cannot be Sen-
ators, and when they have not been adopted or
recognized as such, is really throwing outa bounty
for adventurers to endeavor to make States where
they could not do so properly.
I shall vote against the amendment on every
ground. There is no precedent which will bind
me in its favor, and there is nothing in this case
which entitles this man, in any point of view, to
the character of a Senator <or a Delegate. If he
were a Delegate, it would be a different matter; for
we know that a Territory may have a Delegate or
an agent; but we know very well that any portion
of the territory of the United States having not
more than fifty white people, the rest being occu-
pied by Indians, cannot assume, cannot even, by
usurpation, take upon themselves the position of
a sovereign State of this Confederacy. And is
this man to assume to be a Senator from a mere
blank Territory? I cannot vote for the proposition.
I will vote against it on other grounds, because I
think it is setting a bad example to encourage peo-
ple to be intrusive, and claim to be Senators when
they have no right to do so.
Mr. RUSK. If I stood perfectly indifferent
on this subject, I do not know but that I should
go with my friend from South Carolina [Mr. But-
in opposition to the appropriation proposed
by the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell ] But, sir, the honorable
Senator from North Carolina did me the honor
to say that when it was brought forward imme-
diately after the occurrence, it was defeated.
Mr. BADGER. I voted againstitin deference
to the Senator's feelings.
Mr. RUSK. At that time the question was
presented in a very 'different aspect from that
which it occupies at this time. Sir, 1 shall always
regard the action of the Executive Government in
reference to the transactions which led to this
gentleman presenting himself as a Senator from
New Mexico, as an outrage upon the rights of
the State which I have the honor to represent. At
the time he came here, having been invited to do
so by the Executive Government, Texas owned
the Territory from which he claimed to be a Rep-
resentative. But, sir, that question has been
settled; that Administration has gone outof power;
we have composed the difficulty brought about
by its interference. This gentleman, certainly,
was not much to blame for acting upon a sugges-
tion coming from the Executive Government of
this country. Under these circumstances, and
inasmuch as my friend from North Carolina
thinks I defeated the proposition to pay him
before, I shall now vote to put Mr. Weightrnan
on a footing with other agents who have come
here from Territories.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I remem-
ber the night when this claim was first brought up
at the compromise session of 1850. I was never
more strongly impressed with the belief that any
individual was entitled to mileage and perdiemasa
Delegate than I was as to the justice of the claim
of Mr. Weightrnan. I think the amendment was
then offered by a Senator from Georgia, not now
in his place, [Mr. Dawson.] So just was the prop-
osition regarded at mat time, in view of whathad
occurred, that it would have passed, but for the
boundary difficulty, of which my friend from
Texas [Mr. Rusk] was the Napoleon in the Sen-
ate, and which he watched with an eye that never
tired. He feared lest the recognition of this
Delegate would, in some way or other, impair the
right of Texas to all the land on the Rio Grande,
which she claimed. He and his colleague—but
he more especially—mounted it rough shod. It
would then have passed, and passed triumphantly,
but for my friend from Texas, and others sympa-
thizing with him in that matter. Now, however,
he proves himself to be a just and fair man, be-
cause when an opportunity is presented for him
to do an act of justice, which has been long de-
layed, he is willing to do it.
It will be remembered that a constitution was
presented here from New Mexico, and a Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] not now in his
place, made a speech for the admission of thatTer-
ritory as a State; and it was highly probable, from
the existing state and condition of things in the
country at that time, that we were to have a serious
difficulty in regard to its admission as a State with
its sparse population. That difficulty, however,
passed over when the compromise measures of
1850 were passed. The individual whose claim
is now before the Senate was elected as a Senator
by the so-called Legislature or New Mexico,just
as General Harrison was elected Delegate from
Ohio at first by its Legislature. That was the
authority by which they were elected in former
times. Who could doubt but that a province as
large as New Mexico was, would be entitled to
some representation in Congress ? The Delegate
whom she sent to the other House, although not
admitted to a seat, was paid by a clause subse-
quently inserted in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill. The people ofthe Territory, believing
that they were acting in accordance with the wishes
of the Executive, in good faith sent this gentleman
here as a Senator. He came expecting his seat; and
I am sure he rendered good service to the people of
the Territory. Since that he was elected to rep-
resent them in the other House; and he served
there for one Congress. He is a political oppo-
nent of mine; but he is now at home, being no
longer in public life. I always regarded this as a
just claim, and I am glad to have an opportunity
to vote for it.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do not'wish to
discuss the propriety of the amendment before the
Senate, but there were some remarks which were
made by the Senator from Texas and the Sector
from Virginia, in regard to Executive interference
in the formation of State governments in Califor-
nia and New Mexico, which I think it is proper
should be noticed by me. I do not know any-
thing as to what the Executive did in New Mex-
ico, but I should like to know upon what author-
ity the Senator from Virginia says the people of
California formed their government at Executive
dictation.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, I should like to
hear that.
Mr. MASON. I did not say that they formed
their government from Executive dictation, but I
said that the military commander in California
at that time (whether by authority from Washing-
ton or not I am not aware) issued a proclama-
tion, appointing the places of election, and inviting
the people to assemble there to elect delegates to a
convention; and he paid the expenses of that con-
vention with Federal money. That is my recol-
lection of the history of the case. If I aril wrong
Senators can Correct me.'
Mr. CLAYTON. Will my friend from Cali-
fornia permit me to answer that statement?'
Mr. GWIN. I will give the gentleman the
facts, and then be may reply.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am perfectly acquainted
with the facts.
Mr. GWIN. I yield the floor to the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator from Virginia
has said that New Mexico and California came
here as Stales under the hot-bed of Executive dic-
tation. Sir, the whole history of that matter has
been entirely misrepresented. The same story
has been told over and over again upon the floor
of the Senate until gentlemen have got to believe
it. It is not so. The commanding officer in Cal-
ifornia; the honorable Senator says, exerted him-
self to get up a State government there. Does the
Senator pretend that was upon the dictation or
recommendation of the Executive? Not a word
of it, sir. When the people of California started
in this business of getting up a State government
for themselves, they did it of their own dictation.
All that the President of the United States said to
them was, " If you choose to take that course,
as I can by no recommendation of mine obtain
any kind of protection for you, as I can obtain
no government for you, as you are in a state or
anarchy, you shall not be resisted by me. .' An
agent was sent out by the President for the purpose
merely of assuring the people of California of the
paternal regard of this Government; and Mr.
King, of Georgia, was selected, because he was a
member of the other House, acquainted with all
the circumstances which prevented justice being
done to California at the previous session of
Congress; but, before his arrival, the people had
moved themselves in the business of forming a
State government. They were compelled to do
it, or to encounter all the horrors of anarchy.
So in regard to New Mexico. The Senator from
Virginia and the Senator from Texas will search
in vain through the documents and records of
Congress to find anything to show-that there wag
Executive dictation in regard to the formation of a
State govern ment there. No, sir; just the very same
recommendation was made by President Taylor
as had been made by his predecessor If the
Senator will look at the annual message of Presi.
dent Polk of the very year previous, he will see
that he himself said to Congress that, intheabsence
of an ability- on the part of Congress to settle
these distracting questions in any other mode,
(either by the extension of the Missouri compros-
mise line to the Pacific, or by the courts, or by
the doctrine of non-interference, all of which he
recommended,) there was another course; and,
said he, the lime is not distant when, if.you vyiH
wait, these people will make a government tor
