1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
portion of it should be expended below Kelley's
ferry.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose—if my colleague
will allow me—to offer an amendment which, I
presume, will meet the approbation of gentlemen
on all sides. It is as follows:
Provided, That such part of said sum shall be expended
below i01'oy5s ferry, on said river, as the Secretary of
War may direct.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to that, be-
cause the Secretary of War will perceive the
necessity of appropriating a portion of the sum
to that part of the river.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that there ought to
be more than §10,000 given for that purpose; and
I think the Secretary of War will give more.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my amendment, with
the view of letting that of'my colleague [Mr.
Houston] be voted on, with the understanding,
however, that I originated the proposition. [A
laugh.]
Mr. WENTWORTPI. I have no objection
to the amendment as modified.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I supposed
thatihe bill was being read through, and was not
aware that it was being read by sections, for the
purpose of amendment. I have an amendment
winch 1 desire to introduce at the end of the
twenty-fourth line, and 1 ask now to present it.
Mr. COBB. This one comes in first.
The SPEAKER. The request of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can only be granted by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RITCHIE. Well, I ask the consent of
the committee for that purpose. I was entirely j
unaware that the bill was being read through by j
sections, for the purpose of amendment, and '
therefore did not offermy amendment at the place !
wheie I desue it to come in. >
Mr. WALSH. I object, unless I can under- i
stand how the matter is; and I do not. !
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. The Chair j
had better dispose of the other question first. j
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's j
amendment; and it was agreed to. j
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I ask the ]
consent of the committee to allow me now to pre- ,
sent my amendment, as there was so much noise
in the Hall that i. did not hear the part of the bill '
read to which I designed to offer the amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
reported, as follows:
Line twenty-fourth strike out$90,000 " arid insert in
lieu theieof "§190,000, .$'100,000 ot t-aid sum to be ex-
pendd in the improvement of the said liver above the
tails."
Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to state, briefly, the
reasons why i ask to increase the appropriation
for the improvement of the Ohio river from
$90,000 to $190,000, $100,000 of which is to be
expended for the improvement of the navigation
of that river above the falls of the Ohio.
For some years past the appropriations which
have been made for that putpose have been ex-
pended upon that part of the river between the
falls of the Ohio and the mouth of the river, par-
ticularly about the Cumberland dam; and during
that period obstructions have been accumulating
in the river above the falls, and they should be
removed. Shoals have accumulated from the
floods, and they require removal.
I have a letter in my hand from Mr. Crawford,
who is the inspector of steamboats, under the
law of the United States, and who has in charge
the matter of the safety of navigation generally
of steamboats upon the western waters, in which
he states that from ninety to one hundred thou-
sand dollars will be necessary to clean out the Ohio
river above the falls. This gentleman is better
acquainted with the channel of the Ohio river than
any other man. He is in continual communica-
tion with those who transact business on that river,
and with the pilots and captains who are constantly
navigating it; and he is better acquainted with the
wants of the river than any other man.
He says in this letter: «
" My impression if. that the $90,000 proposed by this
"bill to he appropriated for the Ohio river, would all be ex-
pended about the Cumberland dam, and other places be-
low the tails, in about the same way that the last appto-
prtaiion was' spent, and that the rivor above the falls
would le^eive but little benefit trom It. I sheuld think
theie ought to be not les* than ninety or one hundred thou-
sand dollars apptopnated for the river above the tails. My
opinion ie, that it will require that amount to repair the
dams, remove snags, and clear out channels. Some of the
places are very bad, and it is not an uncommon thing to
s ee fifteen or twenty steamers detained and sticking tabt at
a single bhute or dam."
I wrote to him in reference to this matter as
soon as the bill was reported by the committee,
and printed, and this is the reply I received; and
it is in pursuance of that reply that I offer the
amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Injustice
to the friends of this bill, who assisted us in taking
it up this morning, i think the friends of the bill
\ ought to drive itahead as fast as we can, yet doing
| nothing to obstruct debate on the part of those
i who are opposed to it.
; In iefcrence to the amendment of the gentleman
| from Pennsylvania, there is not a solitary gentle-
| man upon this iloor who cannot rise and show to
l his friends reasons why a certain and specific ap- |
; propriation should not be increased. But, in 1
j framing bills of this kind we must have landmarks;!
I we must have some basis to stand upon, and it is 1
| no good reason that, because we have the estimates
| of the engineer of the Government, we may mtro-
! duce the estimates of other engineers, not in the
, employ of the Government, in regard to the same !
| work. j
1 know the fact that the Secretary of War is not j
] over and above friendly to these works, and that '
i he has constitutional scruples as to the power to ;
; carry them on. Therefore, when he comes for-'
ward and makes these estimates, I know that '
I they are the estimates of a safe engineer; and I 1
: think the best course we can pursue is to follow
; the estimates of this engineer throughout, and
: adhere to them. Besides, the gentleman from ;
Pennsylvania has not shown to the committee any ,
good reason why we should not follow the esti-
mates of the engineer. I do hope that our friends
1 will stand by these estimates; for if we break
| away from them, there is no telling where we .
I shall land. i
I Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend the '
■ amendment by increasing it five dollars. 1 am ;
; surprised at the position which has been assumed i
] by the honorable gentleman from Illinois, who |
represents the Committee on Commerce, in refer-1
ence to this bill. I understand him, in substance, ■;
i to say that we are sent here merely to follow in <;
the wake, in the track of the War Department, !
and to act only upon the estimates sent here'from
that Department.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I suppose if the gen-'
tleman from Ohio were a railroad contractor, and
sent his engineer to examine a work, and to make
estimates m relation to it, that he would be very
likely to follow those estimates.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I were a railroad con-
tractor, and had sent an engineer to look at a par- j
ticular line of railroad; if I were conversant with ■
that line myself; if I knew there was a mountain !
which needed to be tunneled, in order that we ;
might have facilities for transportation; and if 1 j
found that the estimates of the engineer made no •
provision for tunneling that mountain, 1 should j
oe very likely not to follow them. I should make j
my own calculations for having the work done, ;
and should conduct my operations accordingly, j
Now, sir, what are the facts stated by the gen- j
tleman from Pennsylvania ? He has read a letter ,
fiom a gentleman who is well acquainted with all 1
the circumstances connected with the wants of the
rivers for which he asks an appropriation. But ■
we are not to heed such representations; and
why? An engineer has been sent by the Depart- ,
ment to ascertain what appropiiations are needed. :
He has visited the Ohio at a paiticular stage of
water, and reported accordingly, knowing but little ,
of the difficulties which obstruct the immense com-
merce upon the upper Ohio at other seasons of the
year. Such has been the course of the Govern-
ment heretofore. Engineers have been sent to visit
the river at particular seasons of the year, and :
thousands, tens of thousands, yes, sir, hundreds
of thousands of dollars worth of commerce have
been obstructed in consequence of the neglect of
the Government to make the necessary improve-
ments. The Government have neglected to make ,
these improvements, because the engineer has not j
done his duty m making the examinations upon s
which bis estimates were to be based at the proper \
time. Does not the honorable gentleman from j
Illinois know very well the extent of the commerce :
upon that river? Does he not know that appro- j
priations of money are absolutely necessary for j
the improvement of the navigation of the upper
Ohio? And yet there is not one dollar appropri-
ated by the bill which he has reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
Sir, I wish to set the seal of my disapprobation
upon this system of passing laws in this House,
based exclusively upon the information which we
get trom the Departments^ I hope the Represent-
atives upon this floor, coming from the interior
of the country, who know better from actual ob-
servation what are the wants of commerce in the
regions of country from which they corns, than
any of those engineers, will not adhere to these
estimates from the Department, but will vote for
furnishing the proper facilities for commerce with-
out reference to them.
I did not propose to say anything upon this
subject. But, sir, the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is so just that 1 felt some
surprise that the gentleman from Illinois should
have thrown any obstacles in the way. If there
is any stream in the whole valley of the Missis-
sippi which has a just demand on Congress at
this time, it is the Ohio river above the falls; and
as there is no provision for it in the bill before us,
I hope the committee will adopt the amendment
submitted by the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. PRESTON. Mr. Chairman, F fully con-
cur in the remarks uttered by the gentleman from
Ohio, in support of the amendment submitted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. There are
provisions made m this bill for expenditures on
the Ohio river, without directing the appropriations
to any particular locality, and it is probable that
most, if not all, of the money would be applied
for ameliorating the navigation below the falls,
while there is no guarantee that any of the appro-
priations would be used for the upper Ohio.
I would remark, for the information of the
members of the House who are pot familiar with
the topography and commerce of the western
rivers, that the first great interruption in the nav-
igation of the Ohio, occurs at the falls at the city
of Louisville, where the river descends twenty-
five or thirty feet in two or three miles, creating
rapids that are impassable at low or ordinary
stages of the water.
This impediment separates the navigation of the
Ohio into two sections, each of which requires a
different class of vessels; the boats plying between
Louisville and Pittsburg are smaller and of lighter
draught than those employed between Louisville
and New Orleans. The obstacle at Louisville is
partially overcome by a canal, where boats are to
pass through its iocks;but a large part of thecar-
goes are transhipped and carried in diays around
the falls. The States of Louisiana, Arkansas,
Mississippi, Tennessee, and those bordering on
the western tributaries of the Mississippi, have
the vessels almost exclusively employed below
Louisviile, while the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Virginia, and Pennsylvania, have their boats en-
gaged in the commerce of the upper Ohio. 1 have
not the statistics at hand, but I feel confident that
the trade between Louisvilleand Pittsburg, includ-
ing the commerce of Cincinnati, Wheeling, Mad-
ison, and the country bordering on the Ohio, mu#
exceed a hundred millions a year. Any one who
has traveled upon the river can appreciate the
magnitude of the trade, and cannot fail to have
observed the delays and difficulties it encounters
from sand bars and shallows in the channel, which
might very readily be removed. Boats are fre-
quently delayed, and cluster idly at Buffin^ton
bar, Blannerhassett's Island, and other points,
where a little expendituie would remove every
difficulty.
For these reasons, and, as I have been informed
by competent engineers, that the past appropria-
tions for the Ohio have been entirely inadequate,
I think we should grant the appropriation em-
braced in the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] and improve the
upper Ohio so as to afford proper commercial
facilities to the States upon its shores.
I will not protract these remarks; but before I
take my seat it is my intention to move an amend-
ment to appropriate a sum not exceeding $25,000,
for the purpose of making the Louisville and
Portland canal free to navigation and commerce.
In this connection I desire to explain the circum-
stances attending the amendment, and which may
influence the House to ado-pt it.
