1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
I have the honor to be, vory respectfully, your obedient
servant, GEORGE W. CRAWFORD,
- Secretaiyof War,
Brevet JLieut. CoJ. George A. McCai-l.
Philadetykia, Pennsylvania.
If that was not encouraging the people of New
Mexico, within the limits of the State of Texas,
to form a State government for themselves, I con-
fess my ignorance of the English language.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, sir, the Senator from
Texas and myself do not interpret the language
precisely alike. I say now that there is not a
word in theletter which the honorable Senator has
read which justifies the assertion that the Execu-
tive at that clay sent an agent for the purpose of
aiding in forming a State government.
Mr. RUSK. ( never said so.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was said by others.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator chooses to make a
controversy with me, he ought not to put into my
moitih what 1 did not say.
Mr. CLAYTON. The order which the Sen-
ator has read was that the officer was not to thwart,
but to advance the wishes of the people. He was
not told to aid them. He was the military com-
mander, and could, by the strong arm, have put
down the exertions of the people of the Territory
to make a State government. He was directed
not to do this. Then it comes back to the very
point where Mr. Polk first introduced the subject:
that, in the absence of any other remedy to pro-
cure government over these Territories, we should
await the action of the people when they came to
form States, rather than suffer the country to be
distracted.
I do not propose to go further into the discus-
sion of this matter, because 1 know the Senate
has already been too long detained in regard to it.
I never meant to deny the existence of the letters
to which the honorable Senator has referred.
There is no doubt that the President, in the fear-
ful state of things then existing between the con-
tending sections of this country, wished that the
people of the Tetritories should settle the con-
troversy for themselves as they pleased. It was
not -by any means the thing which he most
desired to have done; but, if he could have nothing
else done, to prevent the horrors of anarchy m
these Territories, it was greatly to be desired that
State governments should be formed there.
I rose only for the purpose of correcting what
I supposed was an error in relation to the history
both of California and New Mexico. 1 know
very well that there was a contest as to the terri-
tory of Texas and the territory of the United
States. There wasa difference ofopinion between
the Government of the United States and the gov-
ernment of Texas in regard to that. The gov-
ernment of the United States did not entertain
the idea that Texas was entitled to extend her
territory entirely to the Rio Grande; and finally,
the honorable Senator will admit, the question
was settled upon a different basis. The territory
of Texas does not extend there. A compromise
was made. Texas gave up the country north of
36° 30', and the United States gave to her a con-
siderable proportion of what had been claimed
by the United States, to be part of the territory
of New Mexico. The question was settled by a
compromise; but, at last, it appears that Texas
never did extend her territory to the Rio Grande.
Under these circumstances, the President of the
United States unquestionably would now, if they
were existing again, feel himself obliged to restrain
the hand of the State government, in perfect friend-
ship, and with amiable intention towards it, until
the Congress of the United States, or the judi-
ciary, had properly decided on the whole ques-
tion. , „ ,
Mr. HUNTER. I do hope we shall have a
Tote on this amendment. We cannot settle this
controversy upon it.
Mr. WELLER. I am very sorry to say any-
thing which will probably continue this discus-
sion, for I am as desirous as my friend from Vir-
ginia that the bill should be disposed of; but there
have been some questions raised in the course of
this debate which make it necessary, in my judg-
ment, that 1 should say something. .
Sir, I suppose it is a matter of very little im-
portance now how California got into the Union.
We are in the Union, and nobody proposes to put
us out. We came in with some irregularity, it is
true, but we hope, by our subsequent conduct, to
justify the overlooking of thatirregulanty. Now,
sir, it is due to truth that I should say that, so far
as the Executive branch of the Government was
concerned, I knew of no interference here in dic-
tating the organizing of a State government in
California. 1 went to that country, as is well
known, in the spring of 1849. Congress had then
adjourned, without providing any territorial gov-
ernment for the immense population then congre-
gated upon the shores of the Pacific.
The Executive branch of the Government, look-
ing to this omission of the Legislature, no doubt
felt a great anxiety that some government should
be organized which would give security to person
and property. General Riley was then in com-
mand there, and by virtue of that command he
was the civil Governor de facto of the State. He
provided the people with all the government he
could give them. He appointed their judges and
their executive officers, and he gave, to a great
extent, security both for person and property.
Anxious to get rid of this responsibility, which he
had assumed by virtue of his military office, he
issued his proclamation requesting the people to
appoint delegates to a convention, and there de-
cide whether they would organize a territorial or
a State government.
Was this any interference on the part of the
Executive here, and was it any improper inter-
ference on the part of General Riley there? I
hold that he, being the only officer thrie who could
exercise any power, it was his duty to contribute,
to the extent of his influence, towards the organ-
ization of a government.
Mr. CLAYTON. I would observe to my
friend from California that he was appointed by
Mr. Polk.
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir, he had been sent
out by the preceding Administration.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from California j
allow me, in this connection, to ask a question in
reference to that matter? because it relates to a his-
torical fact about which ther^has beenagood deal
of controversy, and which X should like to have
settled. General Riley in his proclamation, calling
upon the people of California to assemble and elect
delegates to a convention,stated that theproceed-
ing had the approbation of the President, the Sec-
retary of State, and the Secretary of War. It is
well known that at that time Mr. Polk was dead,
but his Secretary of State and his Secretary of
War were still living. Peeling then, as I feel now,
some solicitude as to what President and Secre-
taries were alluded to, I addressed a note to Gov-
ernor Marcy, and one to Mr. Buchanan on the sub-
ject, and they both said that they were not the
Secretaries alluded to as approving of that pro-
ceeding. I could not inquire of Mr. Polk because
he was dead. Now I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, if he pleases—for he was the
Secretary of State at that time—to say whether he
was the Secretary alluded to ?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; there was never a
letter from me, or from any member of General
Taylor's administration to General Riley, on the
subject; but 1 tell the Senator without the least
hesitation, that I do moswordially approve,and L
should have approved at the time, the whole con-
duct of General Riley, if the question had been
put to me; but rvo letter or verbal message on
the subject was sent to him, that I ever heard of.
General Riley's conduct, I think, has fully vindi-
cated itself since.
Mr. BROWN. I am not calling in question at
this time the propriety of that proceeding. 1 only
wanted to know if 1 could arrive at the fact upon
whom rested the responsibility of approving that
proclamation, not pretending at this time to call it
in question, for it is a proceeding which is past;
but I have always been anxious to know what
President, Secretary of War, and Secretary of
State Were alluded to in the proclamation as ap-
proving the proceeding.
Mr. CLAYTON. Of course I cannot tell, be-
cause immediately after General Taylor came into
office, and before any agent of his had got to Cali-
fornia, General Riley proceeded to act. i always
supposed it might have been my predecessor who
was referred to, but I do not know.
Mr. BROWN. He said not.
Mr. CLAYTON. There was nothing in the
State Department to show.
Mr GW1N. If my colleague will permit me,
I
can probably give some information m regard
to what General Riley referred to. It is perfectly
evident that he referred to the Administration
which went out on the 4th of March, 1849; and
although the Secretary of War and the Secretary
of State, under President Polk's administration,
may not have, given him Written instructions to
that effect, he knew that he was acting in accord-
ance with their views. '
Mr. CLAYTON. That is what I h'aye sup-
posed. ; '■
Mr. GWIN. They sent out a special messen-
ger, the Post Office agent, and to that Post Office
agent, who was the only recognized civil officer of
the Goverment there, the Secretary of State—the
predecessor of the Senator from Delaware in that
office—addressed an elaborate communication;
and General Riley—who is now in his grave—told
me that that officer conveyed to him the intimation
that the former Executive Government sanctioned
the course which he pursued in that matter^
Mr. BELL. 1 hope this question will cease
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California [Mr. Weller] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BELL. I beg pardon.
Mr. WELLER. 1 am sure I am quite as anx-
ious to get the vote as the honorable Senator from
Tennessee; but I am only desirous of stating
some facts connected with the organization of my
own State, which I think have been improperly
understood.
Mr. CLAYTON. We shall be happy to hear
the Senator. ,
Mr. WELLER. I was about to remark, that
a large portion of the people of California disputed
the authority of General Riley to direct the organ-
ization of aconvention to form a State government.
1 belonged to that portion of the citizens who de-
nied the authority of General Riley, although we
approved his intentions; and therefore it was that
in the county in which 1 resided, in selecting del-
egates to the State convention, we neither selected
them in th# number nor on the day prescribed;
but, on the contrary, we doubled the number,and
passed a resolution denying his authority to call
a convention. Those delegates went to the con-
vention, and got their seats.
1 was at Monterey during a very considerable
portion of tlje time that the convention was in
session; and I know of no agent of the Federal-
Government there who was attempting to dictate
the manner in which they should organize their
government. All who knew my opinion on the
subject, and every one who asked it obtainetf it,
knew that it was in favor of a territorial govern-
ment being first organized, and that we should^
ask for admission afterwards as a State; but the
majority of the convention thought otherwise.
My reason is a very obvious one. I knew it,
would be a very expensive government, and I de-
sired to throw the expenseupon the Federal Treas-
sury, instead of imposing taxes upon the p'eo-
ple.
But, Mr. President, I rose only for the purpose
of saying, that 1 think there is no resemblance be-
tween the admission of California and the pay-
ment of her Senators, and the proposed amend-
ment from the Committee on Territories. Why,
sir, the main objection to the admission of Cali-
fornia was, not because she had not the requisite,
population; not because she was not entitled to a
government; not because her people were not a
sufficient number under the regular system to au-
thorize her admission; but because of the irreg-
ular manner in which her proceedings had been,
conducted. But, sir, everybody knew that there
was not a sufficient population in New Mexico to
authorize even the highest grade of territorial gov-
ernment, much less a State government.
Now I supnose that the agents who have been re-
ferred to were paid in the House, because they were
regarded as quasi Delegates; but we cannot recog-
nize this man as a Senator. If he was a man of
ability, if he was able to discharge the duties of
a Senator, he must have known that it would have
been utterly impossible to obtain a seat on this
floor as a Senator from New Mexico, with her
sparse population of Indians, Mexicans, ana a
few scattered soldiers.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to discuss this mat-
ter any further on our part. I hope the vote wiu
be taken. 1 wish merely to suggest that, with
the consent of the Senate, I will amend the amend*
i ment, so that it shall be in this form:
