1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
duct of Great Britain afterwards, to see how
* 4 religiously and exactly" those stipulations were
observed.
Lord John Russell has, within the last year,
§ublished the correspondence of Charles James
'ox, who was the British Premier at the time of
the negotiation of the treaty of Versailles by the
Duke of Manchester. By looking into the second
volume of that correspondence, the minutes of the
Cabinet to which the treaty of 1783 was referred,
will be found. It will there be seen that the Brit-
ish Cabinet were recommended that the sixth
Spanisharticle, as it was called—that is, the sixth
article of that treaty—should be deferred for six
months, and that the rest of the treaty should be
signed by the negotiators. That article was the
one which bound Great Britain not to occupy or
hold any part of the Spanish continent embracing,
as was understood, what we now call Central
America and the Mosquito coast. Mr. Fox, as
will be found by looking at the volume to which
1 have referred, immediately wrote to the King,
(on the 18th July, 1783,) stating—
" There has been a great deal of discussion upon this
matter; but it appearing to be still in our power to put our
own interpretation upon the words * Continent Espaonol^
and to determine upon prudential considerations whether
the Mo?quito shore ^ornes under that <1e>ciiption or not, it
was the opinion of your Majesty's confidential servants
present (except Lord Stormont) thai the desirableness of
getting the ueaty signed ought to prevail."
Remark, sir, they were to determine the mean-
ing of the treaty by prudential considerations only.
Lord Russell says Fox was a statesman who
never would condescend to an intrigue, and never
would betray a principle.
It was soon found by the Spaniards that the
considerations which were to govern in the con-
struction of that treaty, were not the religious
views of the case, but the ** prudential considera-
tions." If, from prudential considerations here-
after, says Mr. Fox, in effect, we should see fit
to construe the words " Spanish continent" to
mean something entirely different from what the
Spaniards understood them to mean in the making
of the treaty, we shall be at liberty to do so. This
was the mental reservation made by one of the
most fair and ingenuous of British statesmen, at
the time of negotiating a great treaty . The king
wrote back, saying, in effect, that " it was a very
untoward circumstance that a definitive treaty
could not be made without leaving clear ground
for fresh disputes."
In a few days, Mr. Fox wrote a letter to the
Duke of Manchester, speaking of the sixth
Spanish article; and then we learn how the inten-
tion of "religiously" observing the article was
to be kept, when we find Mr. Fox speaking of
it to the Duke as "the cursed clause in the sixth
Spanish article." A short time after that, the
British- Ministry determined that the words
"Spanish continent," did riot mean what every-
body else understood the Spanish continent was;
but that the Spaniards had no possessions, and no
right over that coast called the Mosquito coast;
and so they resolved that the treaty was, in this
respect, of no effect, and refused to evacuate the
country.
The Spaniards were not very well satisfied with
that. They complained of a breach of faith; and
in three years afterwards they brought the Brit-
ish Government to another treaty—the treaty of
London of July 14, 1786, which had no other
object but to exclude them from this very country
where they now claim full and absolute right, and
over which, Mr. Hardinge says, they have domin-
ion. The treaty of 1786, was drawn out at length
in such strong language, that it was at last agreed
that the English were bound to leave the country.
The words " Spanish continent," were no longer
left to be quibbled upon. They were compelled
to leave that very Mosquito protectorate which
Lord Clarendon says that Great Britain has con-
tinued for two hundred years.
After this, a motion was made in the House of
Lords to censure the Ministry for the negotiation
of the treaty of 1780, which compelled the British
to abandon that country; and you will find, sir,
by looking into the Parliamentary Register, that
the great lion of the Administration of that day,
J-iOrd Chancellor Thurlow, participated in the dis-
cussion. In reply to all the attacks made by the
other side upon the Ministry, he demonstrated
beyond doubt, that Great Britain had no claim in
that country; and so far from the opposition ob-
taining a vote of censure against the Ministry for
abandoning the country, the vote in the House of
Lords stood fifty-three to seventeen against the
resolution of censure.
Shortly afterwards, Mr. Pitt succeeding Mr.
Fox in the administration of the Government,
introduced a bill into the House of Commons to
indemnify the British subjects, who, allured into
that country by the false claims of Great Britain,
had settled there, and were compelled to evacuate
by the treaty of 1786; and a sum, amounting to
<£12,500 sterling, was voted to them as an in-
demnity.
The British aggression in that country, peculiar-
ly interesting to us as a nation, occurred six days
after we made the treaty with Guadalupe Hidalgo,
by which we acquired the country on the Pacific.
Then this claim, through the Mosquito King, was
renewed. The British ships-of-war, Alarm and
Vixen, entered the river San Juan, drove the Nic-
araguans from the town of San Juan de Nicara-
gua, called it Greytown, fought the Nicaraguans at
Fort Serrapaque, drove them still further i no the
country; and finally Captain Locke, who was the
commander of the expedition, made an arrange-
ment with them, by which they were not to attempt
again to disturb the title of the Mosquito King,
under the penalty of war with Great Britain.
This brings us down to the time'when the nego-
tiations for the treaty of 1850 commenced. The
object of those negotiations will be apparent from
the brief history which I have given of the affair.
1 forbear to go into a discussion of the question of
the proper construction of that treaty, which would
not be very intelligible without the documents yet
to be printed, reserving what I intend to say upon
that subject for a future occasion.
Mr. PRATT. There is a single point to which
I wish to ask the attention of the Senate. I have
not had an opportunity of examining the papers,
which my honorable fiiend himself appears to
have had, but I have certainly very much misun-
derstood their purport from the reading of them
by the Secretary, if the honorable Senator from
Delaware is right in the protest which he has
made against the action of the British Minister
here, and the British Government in regard to
himself. What is that action ? He made a speech
in the Senate, in which I, for one, entirely con-
curred. The British Minister, supposing that to
be the best exposition of the views of the Ameri-
can Government on the subject, sent that speech
to his Government, as exhibiting the views of the
American Government. The Senator certainly
cannot complain of that. The British Minister
for Foreign Affairs sent the speech to the Glueen's
advocate for the purpose of having his opinion
upon the construction of one of the articles of the
treaty embraced m that speech of the honorable
Senator, and that opinion was given to the British
Minister for Foreign Affairs. It was afterward
sent to the representative of the British Government
here, and he showed it to the Secretary of State
in a confidential communication. It remained as
a confidential communication until after the Sen-
ate had requested the President to furnish the
information embraced in the paper which has
been read. How was the injunction of secrecy,
originally placed upon that communication by the
British Minister here, withdrawn? Wcis it by
him? No, sir. By the reading of the paper, it ap-
pears that it was withdrawn at the request of the
Secretary of State. The Secretary of State re-
quested that the veil of secrecy might be withdrawn
to enable him to send it here; therefore, the pro-
test which the honorable Senator from Delaware
designs to put here before the country against the
action of the British Minister appropriately be-
longs, if the communication has been improperly
brought here, to our own Secretary of State, who
requested the withdrawal of the veil of seciecy
which the British Minister had thrown around it,
in order that he might send it here.
It is certainly very complimentary to the Sena-
tor from Delaware, that the British Government
should have thought it necessary to have his
speech sent to the Clueen's advocate, for the pur-
pose of getting the opinion of that officer in refer-
ence to the article of the treaty which was com-
mented upon. There was nothing wrong: in that,
1 suppose. He cannot object to that opinion being
sent to the representative of the British Govern-
ment here. The whole proceeding is very com-
plimentary to the Senator. What, then, is the
objection which is urged here as a protest against
the action of the British Minister? It is that he
has, at the instance of our own Secretary of State,
consented to withdraw the obligation of secrecy
which he had imposed, when he originally jshowed
the communication to our Secretary, to enable
him, in obedience to a request of the Senate, to
send the paper to us. I rose simply for the pur-
pose of doing what 1 thought was an act .of justice
to the representative of the British Government.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, I think, overlooks
entirely one point to which I would direct his at-
tention. Does he think that it is competent for a
foreign minister to address a note to our Govern-
ment in reference to remarks made, or debates in
Congress?
Mr. PRATT. Of course not.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator con-
curs with me, then. Well, sir, the British Min-
ister has done that very thing. He has done that
for which Mr. Buchanan censured Mr. De ia
Rosa. He has taken the speech of a Senator on
this floor, and made it the subject of comment in
a note to the President of the United States; an<3
there—I beg the attention of the honorable Sen-
atar to the fact—was the error, and against that I
protest. Still more erroneous was it to throw this
paper in the way of the resolution of the Senator
from Michigan, so that it must necessarily be
dragged before the Senate. The gentleman says
he only consented to that. How that is I do not
know. At any rate the paper could not have been
sent here without his consent. The resolution did
not cover it while it was an unofficial paper; but
the moment it became, by the British Minister's
consent, an official paper, the Secretary of State
was bound to send it here. Whether there was
any request made by the Secretary of State to the
British Minister I know not.
Sir, it is not that I have felt personally aggrieved
that I have made the remarks which I have made
to-day; but I have thought it my duty to vindicate
the rights of an American Senator m my own per-
son. I should have made the same protest in the
case of any other Senator; and I repeat, that I trust
this will be the last time that any foreign minister
will attempt to interfere in our family councils.
Mr. PRATT. I beg pardon for having tres-
passed upon the attention of the Senate with regard
to this matter. The only difference between the
Senator from Delaware and myself is with regard
to the facts of the case. Is it an interference ? If
I understand the matter correctly, some time in
May last this official communication was made by
the British Minister to the Secretary of State of the
United States. I am correct, I believe, in that.
As far back, at least, as May, this communication
was made. It was then confidential; it remained
confidential.
Now, if there was an error, if there was an im-<
propriety, if there was an impertinence on the
part of the representative of the British Govern-
ment, in making such an official communication
to the representative of the American Government,
it was for our Secretary of State to have frowned
it down, and to have said that it was not legiti-
mate for it to have been made. But the commu-
nication was made confidentially. That confidence
was not withdrawn until the Senate had requested
all the information upon this subject in the pos-*
session of the Department; and then it was with-
drawn at the instance of the Secretary of State,
and by his request. I do not apprehend, sir, that
the representative of a foreign Government here*
when he has acted at the request of the representa-
tive of our own Government, the Secretary of State,,
having the management of our foreign relations,
can be accused of an impertinent interference with
our family quarrels. In this case the British
Minister has acted solely, as f have stated, at the
request of our own Secretary, who has charge of
our foreign relations,
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not know that it ap-
pears on the face of the paper that the British
Minister acted solely at the request of the A meri-.
can Secretary of State. If the honorable gentle-
man so understood it> I did not hear it.
Mr. PRATT. I so understood the communis
tion as it was read.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not profess to. have
examined the paper with the view of ascertaining
that fact. I do not suppose that the American
Secretary of State ever attempted to interfere with
