110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
the rights of this or*the other branch of Congress.
Mr. PRATT. Nor I.
Mr. CLAYTON. And I shall be slow to be-
lieve that he has been actuated by any such pur-
pose. But no matter who may be censurable for
such an act, beyond all question, in ray judg-
ment, it was wrong; and if it is not rebuked it
may introduce a precedent in consequence of
which hereafter all the debates in this body may
be reviewed abroad, and "under the embarrassing
circumstance to the members of not being allowed
an opportunity to reply.j;^
Mr. CASS. I imagine it will be found that
these papers were the subject of conversation be-
tween the Secretary of State and the British
Minister; and, after talking the subject over, and
hearing the communication read, I imagine the
Secretary of State asked for a copy of it. I sup-
pose this to be the fact. Then it was communi-
cated confidentially, and so it remained until that
injunction of confidence was removed.
I wish to say, Mr. President, that if the papers
come in from the printer to-morrow, as I hope
they may, or as soon as they come in, I shall
move to refer them to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and on that motion I shall ask the Sen-
ate to hear me on the subject on some convenient
day, which 1 trust will be some time during the
next week, if that will suit the honorable Senator
from Delaware. I shall wait until the papers come
in, and then I shall submit a motion to refer, in
hopes that the Senate will hear me.
Mr. CLAYTON. Any time after the papers
shall have been printed will be convenient to me.
Mr. CASS. Very well; I shall wait till the
papers shall have been printed; and then I shall
ask the Senate to hear me on some convenient day.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
change the name of the American-built brig "John
Dutton," and to grant a register in her name, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The House joint resolution of thanks to Gen-
eral John E. Wool," wa9 read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 3, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Mr. Machen, the Assistant Secretary,
announcing that that body had passed certain bills,
anddesiiing the concurrence of the House therein.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported " A bill for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark;" which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, was ordered to be
printed.
Also, " A bill for the relief of Adolphus Mier &
Co., of St. Louis;" which was read twice, and
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
BILL PASSED.
Mr. AIKEN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported " A bill to change the name of
the American-built brig John Dutton, and to
grant a register in her name; which was read
twice by its title, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and, being engrossed, was subse-
quently read a third time, and passed.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred House bill No. 9,
'* for the relief of the puwhaseis and locators of
swamp and overflowed lands/' reported back the
same with an amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill and amendment were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
pnd ordered to be printed.
ROBERT GRIGNON.
Mr. EASTMAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed;
" A bill for the relief of Robert Grignon."
On motion by Mr. BISSELL, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John R. Bond,
praying compensation for his services as acting
purser; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, of the petition of Mrs. HopeS.Newbold;
and the same was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
THANKS TO GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported joint resolutions of thanks
to General John E. Wool; which were read a first
and second time by their title.
Mr. BISSELL. I believe I never asked a favor
of this House but once in my life, and 1 recollect
very distinctly that it was not then granted. I
now ask that these joint resolutions may be put
upon their passage.
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the permission of the
gentleman opposite, I would inquire what reason
there is for passing these resolutions—what claim
they have upon the House ?
If I understand it, it is not in conformity with
our practice. I think it is the first time within my
recollection, when it has been proposed to tender
the thanks of Congress, or to present a sword, to
any officer, save the general commanding in any
battle. 1 do not know that I am right in this. I
believe I am, however. It is introducing a new
principle, and a new practice. We have hereto-
fore presented the thanks of Congress to the com-
mander of the battle of Buena Vista, and to the
officers and soldiers under his command. I may
be mistaken in this, and if so, 1 hope the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will correct me. But if I am not, we are now called
upon to tender our thanks to General Wool a sec-
ond time. Now, how far are we to carry the
thing? Shall we again thank each officer or man
who performed his duty gallantly at the battle of
Buena Vista? Those men are as much entitled to it
as General Wool is. If we do not adopt a simi-
lar resolution in relation to each of them, we shall
do them injustice. I will not appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] himself, but I
would ask others if that gentleman did not do his
country as good service as General Wool did at
Buena Vista? And shall we now omit that gentle-
man, and his gallant companions in arms, and ten-
der our thanks to General Wool only, and present
him alone with a sword, in token of the gratitude
of the American nation, omitting all reference to
the gentleman now on this floor, who served and
participated in the dangers and honors of that day ?
It strikes me that would be wrong.
Now, 1 do not wish to interfere in this busi-
ness; but I am of the impression that it is doing
injustice to those of minor grade. Our practice
has been to tender to the commander and his
officers and soldiers our gratitude, and there, ac-
cording to my recollection, it has ended. Another
practice is to be introduced, and if it is to be
carried out, we must go down to subalterns, and
to every man who gallantly defended his country
on that field, and fought as became an American
soldier. And if we go down to the subaltern, is
the soldier who fought there with equal courage and
equal patriotism to 6e denied and passed over5 Now,
I believe it to be doing injustice to the other officers
and soldiers to select one of the minor officers—
any officer less than the commandant—and tender
to him the formal gratitude of the nation. Sir, it
is an affront offered to all minor officers and sol-
diers who participated on that occasion. S'uch is
my impression. I am not aware of the particular
circumstances which demand the passage of these
resolutions at this time, arid in order that the gen-
tleman may place on the record the reasons which
should urge us to their adoption, I will, if it meet
with his approbation, as well as that of the House,
move to refer them back to the Committee on
Military Affairs. Let that committee report back
to us the circumstances which require this pro-
posed expression of gratitude at our hands. At
present there is nothing of the kind on record.
These resolutions come on the mere introduction
of that committee. There are no facts stated
which should justify us in turning aside from the
transaction of our ordinary business to pass these
resolutions. There is no committee responsible
for them. There has been no written report; and,
for the purpose of getting all the facts before the
House, I would, in all kindness, move to recom-
mit the resolutions, and let them go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but I prefer that they should go to the gentleman
himself, who is a friend of the measure, that he
may report the reasons why we should turn aside
to pass them.
Mr. BISSELL. I shall do little more in reply
to the gentleman from Ohio, than to answer the
questions which he propounded to me at the out-
set of his remarks, and I do strongly suspect, that
in that answer, will be found the cause of the gen-
tleman's hostility to this measure. He asks what
is the occasion for the passage of these resolutions ?
The answer is, that it is for gallant services ren-
dered to the country in its wars.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. BISSELL. Certainly, sir, for inquiry.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would most respectfully
inquire of the gentleman whether General Wool
served more gallantly than the gentleman himself
on that day at Buena Vista?
Mr. BISSELL. Neither myself nor any other
friend of General Wool desire to avoid discussion
as to his merits on this occasion; the only objec-
tion being that it would be an unnecessary con-
sumption of the time of the House. No man, in
my opinion, ever performed his duty more strictly
and amply than General Wool did on the occasion
alluded to; but I am not going into a debate on that
point. I will simply remark, in addition to what t
have already said, and then call for the previous
question, that for services rendered in Mexico,
General Taylor twice received the thanks of Con-
gress and two gold medals. Generals Worth,
Quitman, Twiggs, Butler, Henderson, and other
generals, whom I do not now remember, as well as
the eldest son of General Hamar, received swords
for the same services. General Wool, as I appre-
hend, through pure omission, and not from de-
sign, has never been referred to in connection with
the gallant services rendered in Mexico. I feel it
in some measure a charge against me that it has
been so; and I feel that I am now discharging an
act of tardy justice, and for two reasons; in the
first place, because I had the honor to serve under
General Wool, and had personal knowledge of
his merits; and, in the next place, because, since I
have had the honor of serving in Congress, I have
been on the Military Committee. Both reasons
make it peculiarly appropriate that these resolu-
tions should come from me. I have neglected
the matter too long. May I not now ask the
House whether the brilliant services of General
Wool do not justify, and should secure, the im-
mediate passage of those resolutions?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois permit me 
Mr. BISSELL. I understood the gentleman
[Mr. Giddings] to say, or to intimate, that these
resolutions had not been before a committee.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No; will the gentleman per-
mit me to correct his error?
Mr. BISSELL. Now, I would do almost any-
| thing in the matter with a great deal of pleasure,
! if I did not know the gentleman's [Mr. Giddings]
j pertinacity, and that he is disposed to be trouble-
! some to the House on occasions of this sort. He
; therefore must excuse me, if I decline to grant him
j any more patience on this occasion. I now, Mr.
j Speaker, move the previous question.
j The previous question was seconded.
! Mr. SKELTON. I ask for the reading of the
| resolutions.
: The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, unanimously, by the •Senate ar>d House of Rep-
i resentathes of the United States of America in Congress
: assembled. That the thanks of Congress a re (hie. an <1 are
hfrfihy tendered to Brevet Major General John E. W*«ar,
■ j foi lus distinguished services m the late war with Mexico,
1 and especially for the r-kill, enterprise and courage which
di?tiTi£iii'5hed his conduct at the battle of Buena Vit-ta.
' Resolved, That the President he requested to oan<=e a
i sword, with Mutable d-iviecs, u be pnvenfd to General
j Woo!, as a testimonial of the }n;di sense enteitamed bv
i Congress of hid gallant and judicious conduct on that
i memorable occasion.
