820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
For the payment of Richard H. Weightman, for mileage
and per diem compensation as an agent, claiming to be a
Benator-elect from Now Mexico, §2,460.
Mr. BUTLER called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as fol-
lows;
VEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Brodhead, Chase,
Clayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of iowa, Douglas,
Everett, Fessenden, Foot, Geyer, James, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, llusk, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Wade—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Brown, But-
ler, Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Morton, Norris,
Pearce, Slidell, Stuart, Weller, Williams, and Wright.—
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the bill in
the following clause:
xi For salaries and incidental expenses of the commission,
appointed under the act of March 3, Itfoi, for settling land
claims hi California, $37,51)0
by striking out " $37,500," and inserting m lieu
thereof" ^42,000. ** And then to add the following,
which will explain my object in moving to inci ease
the gross amount of the appropriation:
And that £5,000 of said sum be paid to Robert Green-
how, asM-d.int law agent to said boaid, for services per-
iormed dining the absence of the law agent.
I offer this amendment now, because, under the
organization of that Board of Commissioners, a
law agentand assistant law agent were appointed.
The law agent who was originally appointed left
the theater of his duties, and letmned to his home.
During his absence, for thirteen months and a half,
the assistant law agent, Mr. Greenhow, was com-
pelled to discharge the very arduous duties of both
offices. All I propose by the amendment is sim-
ply to give him the compensation to which, I
think, he is rightly entitled, for having performed
the duties of both offices for the period of thirteen
months and a half,
Mr. HUNTER. I feel it to be my daty to
raise a question of order. Is there any estimate
for this?
Mr. WELLER. I think it is an amendment
of that character which requires no estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, [ ofler the following
amendment, to come in after the appropriations for
public land purposes:
Fo> continuing the surveys in the northern portions of
lovva, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, at the rate;; now author-
ized by law, $ 'U>,OuO.
I offer the amendment in pursuance of a recom-
mendation and estimate from the proper Depart-
ment, and With the unanimous cousentof the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I also offer the follow-
ing amendment from the same committee:
To enable the Secretary of the Sen.ite 10 pay i,)r |l,(. m,iph
of tin,- public ImuN autliuri/.i'd liy iho ii'j-iiiuljon  t' the
.Senate of the lid ol March, to In: punted mirier the
duet-lion of the Committee on Public Lands, $.>,150.
The resolution of the 3d of March is as follows:
"Retolwd, That the Committee on Public Lands be and
they art* hereby, authorized to have printed die maps of the
public lands which are now prepared and in course of
preparation."
This was adopted 011 the 3d of March, on the
motion of Mr. Borland, formerly a member of the
Committee 011 Public Lands. I will state a fact
of which the present Presiding Officer (Mr. Foot
in the chair] is cognizant, owing to his position
on the committee: &ince we discovered that such a
resolution was passed we have stopped the pub-
lication of the maps- This is to pay for the Ar-
kansas maps, we having stopped the publication
of the rest.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
am8ndmelits made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WELLER. There is one amendment upon
which I ask for a separate vote; I went to change
my own vote upon it. It is the amendment which i
wa* made m regard to privateer pensions. !
Mi. PEARCE, I desire to have that amend-1
ment excepted myself. !
Mr. GWIN. 1 desire to have the amendment I
in relation to the appropriation for surveys for the '
Pacific railroad excepted, because I have an I
amendment to move t<p it,
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Thetwoamend-
ments mentioned will be excepted, and the ques-
tion will be first on concurring mall the rest of the
amendments.
They were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on concurring with the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to strike out—
" For paying pensions of invalids who were wounded on
board of private armed vessels during the last war with
Great Britain, from July 1, 1851, to June 30,1854, $8,400."
And insert:
For payment of pensions of Invalids who were wounded
on hoard of private-armed vessels during the last war with
Gieat firitam, up to January 1, JtfoO ; and to reimburse the
pension agents such sums as have been advanced by them
tor that purpose,,^-2,66*2 20.
Mr. PEARCE. In regard to that amendment
which reduced the sum appropriated to privateer
pensions, I wish to make a brief statement to the
Senate, and state the reasons why I shall take a
different course from that which I pursued the day
before yesterday. All the statements which I made
to the Senate then were,as I find, perfectly correct.
I find that the fund was exhausted by the applica-
tion first of the interest, and then of the principal.
It was safely invested, and not a dollar of it was
lost by bad investments. On the contrary, the
fund was absolutely increased by the amount of
$8,000, when the stocks in which it was invested
were sold out.
But, sir, the fund was diminished by the action
of Congress in a particular which I am inclined
to think leaves an equitable claim on the part of
these pensioners against the Government. The
original acts pledged this fund to the payment of
invalid privateer pensions, and pensions to the
widows of those who were slain in the engage-
ments of the privateers. Such were the pensions
'provided^ for by the act of 1814. By the net of
1818, 1 find that Congress added a new class of
pensions, to wit, the widows of those who dted
by casualties during the period of their services.
This was not contemplated by the original acts.
On looking at the papers which have been sent
to me since the debate, I perceive that the proper
pensions have amounted in all to not more than
$5,900 in any year; when by the act of 1818,
which extended them to the widows of those who
died of casualties, the Government paid in one
year $19,000. This difference continued for a
considerable length of time.
The privateer pensions paid to invalids decreased
rapidly; so that, in 1828, they amounted to only
$3,850. They had never been more than about
$f> 900. The pensions to widows amounted to
over $8,000 in 1817, and ran up, in 1820, to
$J9,471; so that it appears that it was the new
class of pensions, introduced contrary to the pledge
of the original act, which diminished and finally
exhausted the fund.
Under these circumstances, I give up the objec-
tion which I had to the original appropriation as
it came from the House. 1 believe it is equitable
in the Government to make good to the invalids
the pensions which they would have continued to
receive but for our own legislation. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will not concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole,
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. GWIN. An amendment was agreed to in
the Committee of the Wholeappropriating $25,000
for the surveys and explorations for the proposed
routes of the Pacific railroad. I move to strike
out of that amendment $25,000, and insert $40,000.
I have an estimate for it from the Secretary of
War, and I am instructed by the select committee
on the subject of the National railroad to make
this motion. The object is to use the additional
$15,000 to survey what is known as Noble's Pass
through the Sierra Nevada Mountains, which is
necessary to connect with the survey by Salt Lake.
The Secretary of War says it is indispensable;
and Lieutenant Whipple's party is in California,
and his outfit, with this appropriation, will enable
him to make that survey.
Mr.HUNTER. I should liketoheartheletter
read.
It was read, as follows:
War Department, )
Washington, March 25, 1854. ]
feni: In reply to your note of y<Meiday, asking " for an
estimate for an appropriation in the deficiency bill, for a
suivey of Noble's Pass through the Sierra range of mount-
am*," { beg leave to refer you to my communication to
the Senate and House of Representatives, dated February
6, 1j?51. I there request that an appropriation of " ,^*2350u0
he made to cover the deficiencies for the survey of a rail-
road route from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,"
and I further state, that "should it be designed to make
further e.\ploratmns similar to those under consideration,
it would be advantageous that early action should he taken
for that purpose, so that the animals and equipments now
on hand should be retained, and parties that are nosv or-
ganized be held together, by which the expense ofreorgan-
izing would be avoided, and the opeiations expedited "
No action having been taken by Congress, and no
orders having been issued by this Department to hold these
parties together, it is probable Uiev have by this time been
di&band^d. An estimate, therctore, for the proposed ex-
ploration will cmbracy a new outfit of animals and camp
equipments. It is proper, also, to suggest, that an explora-
tion of any pass through the Sierra Nevada would not give
definite results unless the survey connected with some
other survey to the eastward; for, as has been shown here-
tofore, other ranges and spurs of mountains intervene be-
tween tins Sierra Nevada and the plum stretching from the
i foot of the Rocky mountains to the valley of the Mjs&is-
' sjppi.
Under these circumstances, 1 do not feel authorized in
estimating the cost of the exploration at a less sum than
$15,0U0.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
! JliFF. DAVIS, Secretary of Wat,
j lion. W. M. Gvvin, Senate United States.
; Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the letter it
! is no recommendation. It merely estimates the
J amount that would have to be puid if Congress
| should think proper 
I Mr. GWIN. No recommendation is required.
I It is the report of a committee of this body upon an
estimate of the Department.
Mr. EVANS. What committee ?
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on the national
railroad. I consulted the members of the com-
mittee. The Senator was not in his seat.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, that under the rules of the
Senate such an amendment, to be in order to an
appropriation bill, must be moved by order of a
standing committee of the body.
Mr. GWIN. Cannot an estimate of a Depart-
ment be moved without reference to a committee
at all i
Mr. HUNTER. If accompanied by a recom-
mendation it could be, but not without.
Mr. RUSK. This is certainly in order. We
agreed to an amendment, in Committee of the
[ Whole, appropriating §25,000, on the recommen-
1 dation of the Department. The motion now is to
amend that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is to increase the estimate.
Mr. RUSK. To increase the amount; and that,
too, has been estimated by the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a very different thing-.
The estimate which we agreed to is for surveys
already performed, and on another route—by
Governor Stevens, on the northern route. That
is the amendment which we agreed to. This is
for additional services to be performed hereafter,
in the survey of Noble's Pass. The letter is no
recommendation.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is entirely mista-
ken. It was for additional surveys to be per-
formed, the Secretary says expressly in his letter.
Pie says, if you do not make the appropriation
before the parties are dismissed he will have to
estimate for new animals and equipments. One
of these very parties is now engaged in surveying
from the mouth of the Gila to El Paso; and part
! of the §25,000 which we have voted into the bill
i is to survey this route.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have the
amendment referred to, by which we voted for any
additional survey. We voted to meet the liabili-
ties incurred by Governor Stevens for the surveys
which he performed. It was for surveys per-
| formed. This is to give authority for additional
I surveys—to survey another pass.
! Mr. GWIN. Let us hear the amendment read.
| Mr. BELL. I submit that this is within the
rule, strictly speaking. An appropriation was
made by the last Congress for the purpose of
] making surveys and explorations, in order that
this Congress might be enabled, upon the return
oPthe surveys, to come to some understanding as
to which would be the most practicable and the
cheapest route for the Pacific railroad. The pass
now mentioned is suggested to be entirely prac-
ticable. No survey or exploration of it has yet
been made under the appropriation made at the
last session of Congress; and I submit, whether,
under the circumstances now exhibited by this
case, it is not a continuation of that appropriation ?
Unless wp make it, the survey must be left unfin-
