1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
roiUCe on Commerce—for 1 drew up the bill and
submitted it myself—and the Committee on Com-
merce have reported that bill to the House, with
a recommendation that it do pasg.
My object, therefore, is to get this matter before
the House; for I feared that if*I should be com-
pelled to wait until the Senate bill should be called
up, or the House bill either, I might be deprived
of an opportunity of bringing forward this subject
at all, unless I put it in here.
Let mesay to the House, that I believe it is the
opinion of the Secretary of War—andsurely such
is my opinion—that unless this law is modified
during the present Congress, the appropriation
will hipse in August next, the period of two years
since the appropriation was made then expiring.
[Here the hammer fell 1
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I would
inquire of the gentleman if this is the identical
proposition reported by the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES. It is the identical proposition
which came down from the Senate. But I will
say to the gentleman that the difficulty in regard
to the other appropriation was, that some of the
committee had objections because they were not
willing that the Government should pass through
the State lands I would remark that the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, at its last session, passed a
law by which the United States were authorized
to pass through the Territory of Louisiana, for
the very purpose of meeting this objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The Committee on
Commerce have,agreed to something like this prop-
osition; and if it involves no appropriation, and if
it is identical with the committee's proposition,
the committee would all be in favor of it. But if
it is a modification of their proposition, I am not
prepared to speak for them, but only for myself.
Mr. JONES. It is' identical with the Senate
bill. It involves no appropriation, except the
$100.
Mr. WENTWORTl-T. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he should withhold his proposition
for the present, and move it as an additional sec-
tion, and in the mean time allow the Committee on
Commerce the opportunity to investigate it.
Mr JONES. I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois that I have no doubt Judge Dunbar will
concur with me in anything I may desire in refer-
ence to this matter, as his movement in the matter
at all was to carry out my wishes,
Mr. WENTWORTH. Was the appropria-
tion contained in Judge Dunbar's bill ?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; and no further appro-
priation is necessary. My sole object in moving
to appropriate $100 was to make the amendment
in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I ask the gen-
tleman to strike out the appropriation, and J pre-
sume there wiil be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. JONES. If I were satisfied that the
amendment would be in order without, I would
strike it out with great pleasure; but, it seems to
me, it would not he in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. An amendment in
reference to the Red river raft is in order. Ap-
propriations have been made over and over again
for its removal. It is a work, therefore, that has
heretofore been authorized by law, and any amend-
ment in reference to it is in order to this bill. If
the gentleman will strike out the appropriation,
there will be no earthly objection to his amend-
ment.
Mr JONES. If that is true, 1 will strike out
the appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN moved a pro forma amendment,
and said: I very much dishke to interpose at all
in reference to a matter that is within the jurisdic-
tion of gentlemen from another section of the coun-
try; but when I can be of use to the House, there
will be no impropriety in it. I will state, in brief,
the history of this appropriation. At the first
session of the laskpongress, an appropriation of
$100,000 was made for the removal of the raft in
Red river. During the last session of Congress
a joint resolution was passed m reference to ihe
disposition of that appropriation, which it is now
proposed to repeal. The object of it was to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to let out
the job of removirig-this raft to the individual who
wouM remove it and keep the river clear for the
longest period. That is according to my recol-
lection of the matter.
Now, I am opposed to the repeal of this joint
resolution. I am opposed to taking upon our-
selves, under the supervision of the Secretary of
War, the responsibility of removing the Red river
raft, without any limitation as to the extent of
expenditure which is to be incurred, because, if 1
am not mistaken, we have heretofore had some
assurance in reference to that same raft. Congress
have, in years gone by, appropriated I do not
know what amount of money for its removal. I
admit that there is a necessity for further legisla-
tion in reference to it. I have heard the sugges-
tion made, and it seems to me very reasonable,
that a canal might be cut around it. The soil is
of such a nature thai it might conveniently be
done, and the navigation of the river opened by
that means for a sum less than $100,000. Now,
under these circumstances, it seems to me that it
would hardly be worth while to repeal this res-
olution, and to open an unlimited expenditure for
the purpose of removing this raft, until we can
have more definite information upon the matter.
Mr. JONES. I will state to the gentleman that
the object of this amendment is to authorize the
Secretary of War, if, in his judgment, it should be
desirable, to cut a canal around the raft in this
river.
Mr. HAVEN. If my friend will allow me, I
would suggest that there should be a limitation
fixed m the amendment, that the amount to be ex-
pended should not exceed §,100,000.
Mr. JONES. Certainly. But there is no need j
of any such limitation. I ask for no additional ■
appropriation beyond the $100,000 which was !
appropriated two or three yeais ago. Mr. Chair- j
man, let me say, in addition to what I have said, |
that i have information before me from the Secie- ,
tary of War, which was furnished to the Housed
in answer to a resolution offered by me early in |
the present session, showing that the existence of j
this raft in Red river costs the Government an- j
nually some $45,000. There are some forks up ;
the river which must receive supplies. Steamboats j
cannot run up in an ordinary stage of water. Red |
river steamboats are therefore chartered,and kept I
waiting sometimes for five or six months for a
flood to enable them to ascend the river.
The object of th*  amendment is to authorize
the Secretary of War to open the navigation of
the Red river by contract, or otherwise. And
let me say, m addition, that there was a gentleman
from Red river, Colonel Gilmore, here the other
day, ( f great wealth, who is prepared to give
bonds in any sum the Government may require,
not only to open, but to keep open, the naviga-
tion of the Red river for $100,000. •
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman is clearly right
in reference to the importance of this communi-
cation. I have learned from the documents here,
that the closing of the navigation of Red river is
equal to a detriment of at least $40,000 to the
Government each year.
Mr. JONES. Forty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no doubt about that.
Now, what i desire is, that the joint resolution
shall stand, but amended so as to have the work
let out to the lowest bidder, and who will keep
the river navigable for the longest period of time.
Mr. JONES. Let me add that that proposi-
tion has been mjide time and again. It has been
made two or three times by the Secretary of War,
but nobody is willing to take thecontract,because
the necessary machinery will cost $25,000 or
$30,000. Nobody can take the contract who has
not already that machinery in his possession. It
is now m the possession of the Government.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to add the following
proviso to the amendment:
Pro tided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
the cutting of any canal tlnough the knI of any State.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Louisiana
has just now stated that the object of the amend-
ment he offered was to authorise the cutting of a
canal around the Red river raft. When this same
question was before the Committee on Commerce,
some months ago, I supposed that the object con-
templated in the repeal of the restriction con-
tained in the joint resolution, was to get around
the raft, by cutting a canal, and wishing to bring
the committee**to a vote on the question of the
right of the General Government to construct
works ofmternal improvement, such as roads and
canals withm the limits of a State, I offered an
amendment, psrkaps in the very words which I
have now sent up to the Chair, which was adopted
by the committee; though I believe it was at- a
subsequent meeting reconsidered and rejected. .
Mr. JO.N ES made a remark, .which was quite
inaudible to the reporter. , .
Mr, MiLLSON. I do not think that the constitu-
tional powers of Gongress, can be enlarged by any
consent the States may give., I wish to.bringifte
Democrats of the House to an expression- of their
opinions in reference to these appropriations., - C
want to see how many will stand by their ancient
principles on this subject. lam afraid they are
but few, indeed. In regard to the appropriation
for the Red river raft, as near as I recollect, the
original amount named was some $50,000. it .
was raised to $100,000 at the instance of certain
gentlemen in the Senate, who said that $50,000
was not enough, but that the whole work, could
Ifdone for $100,000, and even for less; an4 that
contracts could be entered into to complete the
work for that sum. The joint resolution was then
passed, limiting the appropriation to $100.,000,
and aeclaring that no portion of the sum shotild
be expended unless a contract was made for the
completion of the work. It seems that the work
cannot be done for $100,000, and now the"propor
sition is to remove the restriction 
Mr. JONES. There is no such proposition. 1
do not ask a dollar.
Mr. M1LLSON. You do not ask a larger ap-
propriation, perhaps, than is already made, but
under the present law no portion of the money
can be expended until a contract is made for the
completion of the work. I have offered the amend-
ment 1 sent up to the Clerk's desk for the pur-
pose of seeing whether the Democratic portion of
tke House are willing to make appropriations
which are to be expended in cutting canals within
the limits of a State.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I am very much
obliged to my friend from Virginia, for making
this poor little appropriation for the Red river raft,
in my district, a test of the Democratic spirit of
the House in regard to the constitutional power
of Congress to make appropriations for .internal
improvements. I am as good a Democrat as my1
very able and astute friend from Virginia. I do
not pretend to say that I am as capable of splitting
hairs on constitutional questions, as the gentle-
man from Virginia, daughter;] but surely I do be-
lieve in the main, thkt upon the great principles of
the Democratic party, I am as good a Democrat aa
even that gentleman.
Now, sir, I do not doubt—and I never heard the
fact doubted by Democrats—that the General
Government may make improvements withm the
limits of a State, especially if that State has as-
sented to such improvements. Why, sir, it has
been the practice of the General Government from
its institution to the present time to make such
improvements. Look at the whole of this Bill now
before the committee; look at every bill for the
improvement of rivers and harbors that has been
enacted by the Congress of the United States,
and you will find that such has been the practice
of the Government from the beginning to the
present time. And I should like to know how
the position I have taken is to be controverted. I
do not profess to be a better Democrat than others.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Jones] allow me to correct
him ?
Mr. JONES. Oh, no; excuse me now.
Mr. SMITH. 1 only wished to remind the
gentleman that it is only within the last thirty
years that the Government has made improve-
ments within the limits of a State.
Mr. JONES, it only shows that we under-
stand the Constitution a little better than they did
in the early times. [Laughter, and cries of
44 good,*' " progressive," &c.]
I was going to remark that I did not profess to
be a better Democrat than Mr. Calhoun; and did
he not sanction this power? 1 concur with him,
and I hope i never shall become a more strict
constructionist of the C -nstituuon than Mr. Cal-
houn was. But it seetns that, at the present
time, we have gentlemen here whj are trying to
"out-Herod Herod," as it were—going further
than Mr. Calhoun m the strict construction of
the Constitution. Now, his notions of the con-
stitutional power go far enough for me. I do not
choose to go beyond them; I do not choose to
limit them more. Now, the v$ry object of this
