112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
motion does not take priority. The 46th rule gives
it priority when it arises on a question under de-
bate. If I had moved to put the bill on its pass-
age, such would have been the case. The 24th
rule says that petitions shall not be debated on the
day thatthey are presented; but the 25th rule goes
on to say, that " resolutions shall then be called
for in the same order, and disposed of by the same
rules which apply to petitions;" and they conse-
quently cannot be debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order raised by the gentleman from New York.
The question now is upon the motion to lay on
the table; and on that question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. This bill has only been read
by its title. I cannot vote for it without knowing
its contents, and therefore demand that it be read
through.
The Clerk then read the bill through.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like very much
to get the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
to withdraw his motion, so as to enable me to
propound an interrogatory to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bennett.]
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know from the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bennett] if he will accept of an amendment of
such a character as that which I now send to the
Clerk's desk to be read?
The Clerk read the following as the amendment
proposed:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of stming apart the proceeds oi' the
sales of the public lands, and appropriating tile flame to the
repairs and building up of the Navv; the surplus, if anv,
to be applied to the annual support of the Nav> ; and that
said committee have leave to report by bill, or otherwise.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, this land
question has given rise to a great deal of discus-
sion in the country. No subject has attracted
more attention in my section than the bill which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett]
presented at the last Congress. Now, sir, I
should like very much if the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would not renew his
motion to lay the bill upon the table, but let it be
referred to a committee. That is usual, according
to the courtesy of this House; and I think, sir,
that when a committee shall have acted on the
subject, we shall be able, at least, to defeat the
object which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bennett] has in view. This subject does de-
mand the carfful consideration of Congress; and
I hope that the gentleman from Tennessee will
allow it to be referred. I ask, therefore, that the
subject of that resolution, which has just been
read from the Clerk's desk, be referred to a com-
mittee, with a view to have it incorporated as part
of the gentleman's [Mr. Bennett's] bill, or as a
substitute for such bill. I move, if it be in order,
that the bill be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee, with instructions that my resolution shall
be incorporated in,or taken as a substitute forthe
bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion is now pending
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I move to instruct
that committee to inquire into the expediency of
incorporating my proposition-into the bill, or of
making it a substitute for the same.
Mr. BENNETT. I can say that I have no
objection to any instructions which may be given
to the Committee on Public Lands, which the
House will vote for. I thank the gentleman from
"Virginia, [Mr. MrMrrxiv,] who, if he is opposed
to the features of this bill, has at least the mag-
nanimity to allow it to take the usual course, and
go to a committee, and to let it come up for our
consideration upon their report. In fact, this
motion to lay the bill upon the table, before it has
been referred to the consideration of a committee,
is so unusual, that I iiaye never before heaid it
made.
I wish to say to the gentleman that, this bill is
not precisely the bill of the last session although
it does embrace and assert the principle that all
the Stales have an interest in the public lands.
That is what f contend for here, and shall continue !;
in contend for. It is true that there are appli- j
cations upon applications to the Committee on jl
public Lands for grants of lands. These are);
between forty and fifty applications from the
western States, not for national roads, but for
State and neighborhood roads. Lands have been
granted year after year for these purposes, and I
do not raise the question of the right to make such
grants; and I do not oppose a reasonable grant of
land for roads in the western States. What I
contend for is, that if these grants are made for
roads in the western States, it is reasonable and
right and fair that some equivalent should be
made to the old States, either iii land warrants
granted to them, or in some other way, by which
they should receive their proportion of the benefits
of these lands, in which all the States have an
interest.
I shall take the opportunity to prove before this
House, notwithstanding the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior—and I think the fact is capable
of demonstration—that the public lands have cost
the Government very much more than they have
received for them; that the lands are greatly in
debt to the Government; that they have been paid
for by the old States as well as the new; and that
it is not right or proper to give these lands to the
western States, without some consideration to the
old States. I think it can be demonstrated by the
public records, that the public lands are largelyin
debt to the Government.
While I have the door, I wish to state what the
features of this bill are: This bill proposes, first,
to grant to each of the western States, an equal
proportion of land, to aid in the construction of
railroads in their respective States; to give to each
State a sufficient quantity to enable it to construct
a road across the State each way, by a grant of six
sections to each mile of road constructed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. W^ill the gentleman allow
me to propound a question to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin?]
Mr. BENNETT. I have no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. On reading the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia, which he sent to
the Clerk's table, and which has been read, it will
be seen that it proposes an appropriation of the
proceeds of the public lands to the support of the
Navy. Now I suggest to that gentleman that the
difficulty of his proposition is this, that it is eva-
sive in its present shape. If we continue to make
grants of land to railroad companies or to anybody-
else, we shall derive no revenue from the public
lands, and hence no proceeds to apply to that pur-
pose. I hope the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McMbt.i.im] will modify his proposition so as to
provide that all the lands shall be appropriated to
that purpose, and thereby put it out of the power
of Congress to vote them to railroad companies,
States, or to anybody else. If he does that, I wil
vote for his proposition.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will say to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] that I
thought I had framed my proposition so as to pro-
vide that the surplus, if any, should take that
destination; and I will most cheerfully modify my
proposition so as to meet the views of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci.ingman,] for
we must meet this question in some shape or
other. I do think that we had better refer this
subject to a committee, giving them full and ample
power to act upon this whole subject, without
allowing the gentleman from New York, or gen-
tlemen from other States, an opportunity to come
forward and pioduce an exciting discussion, for
the purpose of making-capital at home. Let us !
meet this question like men and statesmen. I hope >
thegentleman from New York, if he desires, as he j
proteges, that the old States should participate in j
a distribution of the public lands, will come for- '
ward and adopt my-proposition as a substitute for
his; and then every State in the Confederacy of
States, will participate equitably, justly, and fairly
m the sale and entire distribution of the public
lands. I will, with great pleasure, adopt the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clinoman;] but before I take my seat I de-
sire to make a suggestion to the gentleman from
New York, and appeal to his sense of justice.
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
withdrew his motionto lay the bill upon the table, I
I hope that the gentleman from New York will I
close the debate upon this question by allowing the i
subject to be referred, and not occupy the time of ,
the House now unnecessarily with this matter. '■
Mr. BENNETT, AVhat I have said already ;
about the bill was entirely incidental, and I do not i
now desire to detain the House long. As a motion
was made to lay the bill upon the table—thus not
treating with ordinary courtesy a bill whose prin-
ciples were sanctioned by the last Congress I
thought I ought to explain enough of it to snow
what the character of the bill was. While we see
every session, more or less of the public lands
granted to the West, and railroad grants made
constantly to the new States, we find gentlemen
from some of the old States—of this we have had
an illustration this morning—who think it uncon-
stitutional to distribute among the old States an
acre of the public lands. You can build school-
houses, academies, colleges, for the purposes of
| education at the West; and you can build court-
houses and make roads for the Improvement of
the western States; but it is unconstitutional, in
the opinion of these gentlemen, to appropriate a
single acre of land, for the same purpose precisely,
to any of the older States. They will allow lands
to be granted to Missouri and Arkansas, but they
have constitutional doubts about making such
grants to Tennessee and old Virginia for the ben-
efit of their schools and roads. 1 suppose that the
States are all bound together in onecommonunion;
and if we have a constitutional right to make a
grant of lands of this description to these States,
we also have the same right to make the grants of
a similar character to any other State, and thst
they cannot be confined to one State more than to
another.
These grants of land have been made for almost
every purpose under heaven. It may be asserted
ill round terms, without taking the trouble to go
into detail upon this subject, that we have given
away, since the land system was first established,
more lands than have been sold. To whom have
they been granted ? They have been given exclu-
sively to the western States; they have had the
exclusive benefit of these grants, so far as grants
have been made to any of the States. I desire to
introduce a different principle; that is, that these
| lands shall be held as common property. In part
I these lands were granted to the General Govern-
! ment by the old States. In part, they have been
purchased and acquired; and, in all these pur-
chases, the old States have paid their portion of
the purchase; when, therefore, they are granted
for public purposes in one portion of the country,
the same right should be extended to other por-
tions of the Union. I am not wedded to this or
that particular scheme. As far as the land is sold
and the purchase money goes into the general
Treasury, it is all right, as it is expended for the
common good of all. So far as grants of lands
are made, they should be made with reference to
the benefit of all the States. I do not design to
discuss this bill, but 1 ask simply thai the same
courtesy shall be extended to this bill tlmt is ex-
tended to other bills, and that it shall be referred
to the appropriate committee, who have already
before them a great number of bills in regard to
the public lands.
I hope some measure will be adopted by which
these gifts will be made equal to all the States. I
do not pretend that my bill will give as much to
the old States as it does to the new ones; but it
i gives something to them, and it asserts the princi-
| pie that all the States have an interest in the public
lands. I do not wish to detain the House upon
this subject, and I therefore call the previous
question.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. 1 do not
propose to debate this question. It is the old
land distribution scheme, which everybody under-
stands. I move to lay the bill on the table, and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays
Mr. MILLSON. Before voting upon the motion
to lay upon the table, I desire to ask a question
of the Chair. I want to know if the resolution
of instructions offered by my colleague [Mr. Mc-
Mullin] is not now pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] proposed to amend the
motion to refer by adding certain instructions to
that committee. The motion to lay upon the
table, however, canies with it the bill with the
motion to refer and the amendment.
The question was taken, and the result was—
yeas 61, nays 91; as follows:
YEiYS—Aiken, James C. Allen, 'Will'* Allen,
Ashe, Thomas II. ISajly, Haik«dale. Hariy, Benton. Re-
sell, Jio\re, I'rooks, Cfiri^inan, Cook, Cranre, Cutting,
John G. Davis, Eastman, Eddy, English, Faulkner, Flor-
