822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
steamboat employed between Stockton and Mobile should
be of sufficient size, structure, and fitness for the regular
navigation ofthefen&aw river, and beunder the entire and
exclusive control of the contractors, so that no breaches of
connection should occur by reason of any other persons
having a right to interfere with us arrivals- and departures.
" The compensation allowed for this additional servirr is
$24,01)0 per annum, being one third le*s than pro rata of the
present pay, with the agreement that if the service shall
be well and faithfully performed, the extension of the con-
tract on the same conditions, over the succeeding term of
four years, commencing the 1st of July, 1854, will be rec-
ommended to Congress; und should Congress decline to
authorize such extension, the rate of additional pay shall
be raised to .f30,000 per annum, still one sixth less than pro
rata, for the residue of the existing term.
" It was further stipulated that the contractors, l>y the 1st
of November, 1853, tdiould place on the route a full addi-
tional every-other day line, and double the road, if neces-
sary, to carry olF all the mail matter every day, and by the
15th of December a full additional daily line; the increased
compensation to commerce, in case of a faithful compliance
with these teims, on the 1st of November.
" The terms of this agreement are fivorable, m view of
the great public benefits expected to result therefrom.
" The stipulation as to this extension of the contract is
reasonable and proper, because the present contract ex-
pire*. on the 30th of June next, and the contracting could
not be expected to provide, at great expense, alt the addi-
tional stock necessary for a second line, for seven or eight
months only, without some guarantee against loss in case
of being underbid in the competition at the next letting ot
contracts, the existing laws not providing, as was formerly
the case, that new contractors shall purchase the stock of
those superseded."
Mr. PHILLIPS. It will he seen from the ex-
tract from the report of the Postmaster General,
which I have read, that the PostOffice Department
has recommended the passage of this bill from the
Senate, now upon the Speaker's table, which au-
thorizes the fulfillment of the contract It will
save to the Government the difference between
the two amounts—that is, $6,000. The time when
the bid expires is the tenth day of April next, and
if the House intend to pass this bill at all, it ought
to do so now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman, if he has any information upon
the subject, whether it is not probable that, if the
matter should be left open for competition by bids,
as all other routes in the country are, it would not
be contracted for upon as favorable terms as this
contract will be, even if he is paid the $6,000 ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wtll merely answer the
gentleman, not from my own information, or by
an expression of my opinion—which I presume
would not be worth much—but by merely calling
attention to the opinion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, which I have just read. His opinion is that
it is a favorable contract for the Government, and
that he is perfectly willing to extend it, and has
recommended Congress to do so. My own opin-
ion is, 'hat it is worth nothing to the gentleman.
Mr. JON IiS, of Tennessee. We have general
laws upon the subject which require the Depait-
ment to receive proposals. We had better leave
tins, it seems to me, to such general laws as apply
to all other routes.
Mr. HOUSTON". If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will allow me, I desire to say a word.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield to the gentleman fora
moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that the road
over which the mail is canied is a vital section of
the great trunk over which the mail north and
south is carried. One daily mail service was for-
merly performed over that line; but it was found
that such service was inadequate for the prompt
and certain transportation of the mails.
Last fall the Department found itself compelled,
from the necessity of the case—from the fact that
mail matter was left over at Montgomery frequent-
ly, until it accumulated to an immense quantity
—to make an arrangement for a daily double
service upon that section of the line. To put a
double daily service upon that line would requiie
an additional outlay upon the part of the con-
tiacfor of $30,000. The contractor was unwilling
to incur the investment of that large amount, in
stocks and materials for the road, unless he should
be assured of some probability of using it for a
longer period of time than the seven or eight
months during which the existing contract had to
run. Why, sir, an investment of $30,000 in such
stock as this, to be used only for six or eight
months, would certainly be very hazardous, and
be attended with great loss.
I would remark to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] even admitting it to be true 
though I do not believe it is—that the Government,
by receivirigproposals, might let the contract as
low as this, yet there is an obligation on the part
of the Government towards the men who have
made this large investment under the guarantee of
the Post Office Department.
Again, the provision of law was, a few years
ago, that when one contractor superseded another
by reason of a lower bid for the route, he should
take the stock and materials of his predecessor,
upon a fair valuation of the same. But such is
not the law now; and if this investmentof $30,000
were made for the short time which the contract
had to run, when there was no obligation upon
his successor to take the property olf his hands if
he was underbid, it seems to me that we owe
something to those contractors; and when the
Postmaster General assures us that this is a favor-
able contract for the Government, I think it is as
little as we can do for them to authorize the Post-
master General to extend it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The law, I be-
lieve, requires the Post Office Department to ad-
vertise for proposals for carrying the mails upon
the different routes. Those who bid for the con-
tracts must inform themselves in relation to the
service to be performed; and they undertake to
carry the mails upon those routes for the terms
specified. I know it has been urged at the De-
paitment, that though the amount of mail matter
should increase, yet the Department had no au-
thority to increase the amount of compensation.
If the contractor undertakes to carry the mail
between two given points, and he can do it on
horseback, he may do it in that manner; but if it
requires a line of coaches, or if it requires a dozen
lines of coaches, the contractor, according to the
law and the ruling of the Post Office Department,
in the gi eat majoi ity of cases, must comply with the
terms ot Ins contract at whatever cost. It does
seem to me that it is rather bad policy for Con-
gress to commence letting mail contracts in partic-
ular cases by special legislation.
Mr. OLDS. 1 think the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who has just taken his seat, is under a
misapprehension in reference to this bill. This
contract, which the Postmaster General asks us
by this resolution to extend, is not the regular
contract made under the general letting four years
ago. If I undeistand it, the contract made then
proved to be a failure, and this contract was en-
tered into with tins party to continue until the
time of the next regular letting, as the document
read by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phil-
lips] shows. It is therefore a special contract,
and does not come under the general rule with
respect to contractors at ail.
It is, perhaps, due to the House that I should
say in this connection, that there are representa-
tions being made to the effect that if this contract
is not extended, and the opportunity is given for
bids to be offered in the usual manner, that such
will be the competition as to reduce the amount
below that which the Postmaster General asks us
to pay this contractor. I do not state this from
any reliable information; I have been told these
things from outsiders, who have made such rep-
resentations in regard to this matter.
My own opinion is, that inasmuch as there is a
seeming necessity for the passage of this bill, we
had better pass it at once. If it be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
such is the press of business which is likely to be
thrown upon the House from the Committee on
Public Lands—which is likely to monopolize a
great portion of the time of the House during the
balance of the session—that we should not be
| likely to get an opportunity to report it hack.
J Mr. CO BP*. The gentleman is out of order,
j Mr. OLDS. I am not out of order; but if the
! gentleman makes a point of order, I will await
j the decision of the Chair.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
' have nothing before the House, nor is there any-
| thing before the House with which they have any
i connection
j Mr. OLDS. No, sir; they have nothing before
i the House, and 1 do not want them to have any-
i thing here for a good while to come. But, sir,
| my remarks were perfectly in order, as showing
1 the reason why this bill should not be referred to
| the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
j I was speaking to the point that, if it was sent to
that committee, we should not get an opportunity
1 of reporting it back until the time should have
elapsed for the reletting of this contract, and it
would be too late to avail anything. That is my
reason for putting the bill upon its passage at this
tune. 1 will have no contention with the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, If the House propose
to allow that committee to monopolize their time
for the remainder of the session, 1 will not be re-
sponsible for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point I wish to present
in reference to this contractor is this: Even if jt
should be admitted that, by throwing this contract
open to bids, we could obtain terms as good, or
better than those now offered, it stems to me
that the Department is under some obligations U>
this individual, who has made an investment of
$30,000 in stock, materials, &c., which his suc-
cessor is not bound to take, and which, of course,
will prove a heavy loss- t© him, unless some ar-
rangement should be made to secure the contract
to him in future. The Postmaster General ad-
vises us that this additional service is obtained for
one third less compensation than the original, by
public bids accepted under the rules for bidding at
the Department; and u seems to me that that, of
itself, goes far to show that we could not get it
any cheaper if it were opened to competition. It
was open.ed to competition, and the Postmaster
General sells you that the bid at which it was
originally let was $36,000. Now it is proposed
to be done for one third less. Individuals pro-
pose under contract to carry it for $24,000, incur-
ring the obligation on the part of the Department,
that a strong recommendation shall be made to
Congress for authority to continue that contract,
if m the language of the joint resolution, he deems
it for the public good to do so.
We have examples of this sort of legislation.
Congress did this piecise thing in a case which
presented itself with much less force to our sym-
pathies and fftvornhle regard—that of carrying
the mail from here to Aquia Creek, on the Poto-
mac river. And another instance of this character
of legislation, precisely in point, was in carrying
the mail from New Orleans to Mobile. The ex-
tensions of these contracts were made in this way*
under peculiar circumstances, which existed, ami:
were brought to bear on the Department, forcing
it to incur this sort of additional obligation before
it could induce an enterprising gentleman to invest
a laige amount of money in stock which might be
thrown on his hands as useless and unprofitable.
1 think that this^case appeals to the favorable
regard of Congress very strongly; and I hope that
the Mouse will pass the resolution.
Mr. GREY obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I rise for the pur-
pose of making an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GREY. I ask that, the joint resolution be
read. I was not in the Hall when it was taken,
up for consideration.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Speaker, if I were not a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I do not know that I would say anything
about this matter; but, sir, representations have
been made tome within the last few days, which,.
I think, the House ought to know and consider.
When the House is informed of certain facts, I
am sure they will refer this joint resolution to the
| Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads for
i investigation. That resolution asks that Congress
shall authorize the Postmaster General to extend
a contract which, by itsstipulations, terminates in
July next, for four years more, to certain con-
tractors, without any "bidding," or the compe-
tition guarantied by law between individuals for
mail contracts. 1 was shown a letter yesteiday
by a gentleman of this city, which he told me was
from one of the most extensive and responsible
mail contractors in Alabama, in which he protested
against giving to these contractors an extensionof
their contract for four years, as contrary to the gen-
eral law.Sy and in violation of the rights of other
bidders. He protests against granting that con-
tract except at the general " lettmgs/'and accord-
ing to the laws regulating all " mail contracts."
Sir, what are the facts in this case ? The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] was under-
stood to say that they were carrying the mail for
§24,000 per annum.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said that the double ser-
vice was done for $24,000. That was an amount
equal to two thirds of the original contract; $36,000
