THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1854.
New Series....No. 106.
of Pope and other counties, in Arkansas, praying;
the establishment of a mail route from Norristown
to Fort Smith, in said State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. 4ft
Mr. BELL presented the petition of J. P.
Chase, asking compensation for clerical services
performed in the Pension Office; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives, to create and provide a
pension for David Towle, reported it back with-
out amendment.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Adolphus Allen, praying an extension
of his patent for a water-wheel, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Mary W. JPer-
rine, widow of William E. Perrine, for herself and
children, praying the payment of whateveramount
shall appear, upon investigation, to be due said
Perrine, as one of the contractors on the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals;
which was agreed to.
jVl r. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in the State
of Missouri, by a grant of a portion of the public
lands, reported it back with an amendment, and
with a recommendation that it pass.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of A. G. Penn; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
POST OFFICE IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General inform the Sen-
ate wheihera suitable site can be obtained for a post office
in the city of Philadelphia, and if so, at what price; and
also to communicate to the Senate any proposals which he
may have received for the sale of Jot or lots, and the erec
tion of suitable buildings thereon for a post office in said
city; together with any suggestions or recommendations
he may think proper to make m relation thereto.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Cleik, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
An art for the relief of the Utica Steam Woolen
Company; and
An act to establish the offices of surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to
grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes.
Which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
change the name of the American-built brig Hal-
lowell to that of James Rose, and to grant her a
new register, was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
The bill authorizing the construction of a line
of telegraph from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean, was read a third time,and the^ques-
tion was, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. WELLER. The Senate was about to
proceed yesterday to vote, by yeas and nays, on
the passage of the bill. Before the vote is taken,
however, I wish to have an amendment made
which I think is necessary in order to make the
meaning of the bill more explicit. It is to insert
106
in the last proviso in the sixth section after the
word " telegraph," the words " before said patent
shall issue;" so that it shall read:
Provided, That in the event a railroad to the Pacific
ocean shall be located on or near said line of telegraph,
before said patent shall issue, the grant of land, &c.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The bill has been read a third
time, and is now on its passage, so that it will
require the unanimous consent of the Senate to
make the amendment. If there be no objection,
it will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask one question
of the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] who reported some of the amendments to
this bill, as to the probable effect of one of those
amendments; I refer to an amendment in the
second section. After providing for the con-
struction of the line of the telegraph, the section
goes on to say:
" And the same <hall be completed and put in operation
witlnn two years from the passage of this bill, and after
such State legislation shall have been secured as may be
necessary to authorize its construction in the States through
which it may pass."
Ifl read that provision rightly, the effect may
be that the parties may hold off in the obtaining
of the necessary State legislation until a railroad
line is made, and then it will be a very simple
matter indeed to construct a telegraph line along
the course of the railroad. There is, therefore, in
my view literally no limitation, except the dis-
cretion of the parties as to the time within which
they are to complete this line. That is my con-
struction of this language, because the line is to
be completed in two years from the passage of the
bill, and also after such State legislation has been
secured as may be necessary to authorize its con-
struction in the States through which it may
pass.
It will necessarily follow that legislation will
not be procured in the States without the applica-
tion and exertion of the parties; and, if they find
it to their interest to make no exertion for that
purpose, or to delay, they may put off the com-
pletion of this line as long as it suits their purpose
to do so. It is, therefore, I say, without limita-
tion. Ifl had been favorable to the bill otherwise,
I should have preferred, in this respect, that the
period of three years should be given absolutely,
so that we might know the time. That would
have given requisite time for applying to the State
Legislatures. I mention this as an objection, in
my judgment, to the bill as it now stands.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 19; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Benjamin, Chase, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fessenden, Fish, Gwin, Hamlin,
Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Rockwcll,
Ru^k, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bright,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Cooper, Dawson,Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Hunter, Johnson, Mason, Pratt, Sebastian, Shdell,Thomp-
son of Kentucky, and Williams—19.
So the bill was passed.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the title was
amended so as to read " a bill authorizing the con-
struction of a subterranean line of telegraph from,
the Mississippi or Missouri rivers, to the Pacific
ocean. A/
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the homestead bill.
Mr. CLAY. 1 suggest that the hour of one
o'clock has not yet arrived. !
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will withdraw '
the motion, to allow me to call up a bfeU which will
not take ten minutes.
Mr. STUART. I certainly will withdraw the
motion for the Senator from Texas.
Mr. RUSK. Then I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill authorizing the ex-
tension of the Alexandria and Washington rail-
road into the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
pending is on an amendment submitted yesterday
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] .to
strike out all the bill after the enacting clause and
insert:
That the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company,
incorporated by the Legislature of Virginia, on the 27th
February, 1854, to construct a railroad from Alexandria, in
the State of Virginia, to the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, be, and are hereby, authorized to
extend their road from any point on the Virginia side of'
the Potomac river to which said road may be constructed,
at or above the aqueduct of the Alexandria canal, into the
District of Columbia, connecting with the Baltimore and
Washington railroad depot by the most convenient and
practicable route or routes, passing through and along such
streets or avenues of Washington and Georgetown as the
corporate authorities thereof may respectively approve,
subject to certain piovisions hereinafter expressed.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company are hereby authorized
toconstinet h bridgeovei the Potomac rivet, on, or above,
or west of the aqueduct of the Alexandria Canal Com-
pany: Provided, Sfiid bridge shall only be built on or over
the piers of the aqueduct, with the consent of the Alexan-
dria Canal Company: *&ud -providedfurther, In construct-
ing said bridge, and ciossing the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal, said budge and railroad shall be so constructed as
not to injure or obstruct the use or navigation of Hie Ches-
apeake and Ohio canal i Jlnd provided further, That this
act shall not prevent Congress from giving like privileges
10 any other railroad company, orany other person.
Sec. 3. Jiml be itfuilkei evaded, That the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company are hereby authorized
to establish depot* in the cities of YVaihington and George-
town, at -uich points as the corporate authorities thereof
may respectively approve, and to lay their track or tracks
to such point or points within said cities, and through and
along such streets and, avenues of said cities as may be
respectively approved of l y the corporate authorities of
«ud eitie«, and to make all necessary turnouts ; the said
railroad company being subject to such terms, conditions,
restrictions, and taxation, and to such rules and regulations
relative to the construction, repair?, and working of their
road, within the cities of Washington and Georgetown, as
the corporate authorities of said cities may from time to
time respectfully prescribe, so far as it may lay within their
respective limits: Provided, no higher rate of taxation shall
be imposed upon ^aid railroad company than is'prescribed
by the respective charters of said cities ; and said railroad
company shall keep an office within the city of Washington
or Georgetown, and shall have power to sue and be sued,
to make contracts, and to purchase and hold lands so far as
may be necessary for carrying on the operations of the
company, and the service of process on the president or
arty director of said company, or on the chief clerk in at-
tendance at the office of the company, shall entitle any
party complaining to proceed against said company as au-
thorized under the laws of thp District of Columbia to pro-
ceed against chartered companies within its limits.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall vote for the amend-
ment for the reason that it settles the contest which
has existed so long between the two cities of
Georgetown and Washington. I am authorized
to say that it embraces a provision mutually ac-
ceptable to both cities. It gives to the railroad
company the privilege of building a bridge, at
their own expense, at or above the aqueduct, which
removes the objection which has heretofore existed
in reference to the Long Bridge, and provides that
the road shall go through Georgetown and Wash-
ington at such points and through such streets as
may be designated by the authorities of the two
cities. I conceive there can be no objection to the •
bill if amended as proposed,and I therefore with-
draw all that I have hitherto made to it, and am
willing to accept the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I wish to state, that the amend-
ment now before the Senate is one merely intended
to meet the views of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, itfho has just spoken; and although lam
to be made responsible for it on the Journal, I am
not responsible for it in fact, as the Senator is
aware. I want to clear my skirts of it, because I
have never read or examined it. What jts effect
will be, I am not prepared to say. As far as I
have examined it, I think it will do no harm;
certainly it can do no good, because, without fur-
ther legislation on the part of the State of Vir-
ginia, the Washington and Alexandria railroad
will not be benefited by it. 1 shall not object to
the amendment
Mr. BROWN. There is one point in the
amendment to which I wish to call the attention
of the Senator who has charge of it. I observe it
gives the corporate authorities of Washington
power to allow the railroad to run through the
avenues of the city. The avenues, I believe, and
especially Pennsylvania avenue, are under the
V7
