824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. PHILLIPS. I think he was not. I know
that Mr. Metcalf was a special agent of the Post
Office Department under the last Administration.
But after the present Administration came into
power he fell.
Mr. GREY. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Phillips] know that he fell before
this contract was entered into?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know that. I can-
not undertake to give a positive answer to that
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am informed that Mr.
Metcalf was removed before this contract was
made, or before it was even talked about.
Mr. GREY. J am not throwing outany impu-
tation on the motives or character of Mr. Metcalf
while he was special confidential agent of the
Post Office Department. I do not charge that
there was any impropriety in his becoming inter-
ested in the contract, or that he had no legal right
to buy out the contract if he thought proper to do
so.
Mr. Speaker, I refer to the fact that that could
be, and nad for years, and up to the past winter,
been carried in daily coaches.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky a question. Will he permit
me to interrupt him for that purpose?
Mr. GREY. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does not the gentleman
from Kentucky know that the Post Office Depart-
ment had been endeavoring to obtain the double
daily service between Montgomery and Mobile
for months before they accomplished that object?
Mr. GREY. No,Mr. Speaker; 1 know nothing
about that; though I know, as doubtless does a
hundred other members on this floor, that when
we have (during this session) applied at the Post
Office Department to get increased or a change of
facilities, the answer has always been that " the
present contracts terminate so soon we cannot
make alteiaiions until the lettings in April."
There is a daily line of boats from Montgom-
ery to Mobile on which the mails could be sent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, then, I can tell the
gentleman from Kentucky that the Post Office
Department had been endeavoring to obtain this
double daily service upon that section of load for
months before they ever accomplished it.
Mr. GREY. Then, Mr. Speaker, the Post-
master General was, by law, obliged to advertise
for bids fortljat service, if he knew so long before-
hand that it was needed But, sir, double daily
contract was made without the authority of law,
and is now brought before Congress to get them
to sanction and indorse it; and 1 will do justice to
those, und to other contractors, by refusing to do
any smdi thing. i
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I wish to ask \
the gentleman another question. Does the gentle- j
man from Kentucky 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of!
order, unless the gentleman from Kentucky yields
the floor.
Mr. GREY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know if the gen-
tleman from Kentucky takes the ground that,
where the force is not sufficient to carry the mail,
the Postmaster General has no power to enter into
a contract by which the mail may be carried ?
Mr. GREY. When a mail contractor cannot
carry the mail which he is bound to carry by the
terms of his contract, the local postmasters upon
the route have authority, by Jaw, to make a
special contract to have the mail carried until the
Postmaster General shall readvertise and relet the
route.
Mr, HOUSTON. That is in case of a failure
of the contractor. But in cases where the mail
accumulates so that it cannot be carried according
to the contract, and the contractor is not bound to
increase the service, I ask the gentleman if he
takes the ground that the Post Office Department
has no right to make a contract to secure the per-
formance of the necessary service?
Mr. GREY. I reply to the gentleman from Al-
abama, that if the contractor does not and cannot
carry the mail, the postmasters are authorized to
have it carried on, and to make out and present
their accounts for doing so in their next quarterly
returns; and if it is impossible for the contractor •
to carry the mails as he has contracted to do, then !j
?t is obligatory on the Postmaster General to re-
advertise and relet. In extreme cases, the greatest !!
latitude allowed by law is for the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make "temporary contracts," to exist
until he can have had time to advertise for bids.
That is the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in regard to the matter of law.
Mr. GREY. The gentleman will pardon me.
I am not mistaken in the law, or in the justice
which urges that every contractor ought to be put
upon the same footing, and that all shall have an
equal chance at the regular bidding time. I am
opposed to violating the general law, and opposed
to giving any Postmaster General the authority to
depart from it; which has often been done, I
know, with great and crying injustice.
In conclusion,! move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the House but a few moments further in
reference to thus subject. My object is to free the
mind of the committee from the impressions which
'may have been created by the remarks made by
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I rise to a question
of order. The remarks of the gentleman are not
in order, as the previous question has been called.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It has not been called. The
gentleman i s mistaken.
Mr. JONES. The previous question was called
for by thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grey.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] was
recognized by the Chair, and no one was recog-
nized who demanded the previous question. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] moved to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. GREY. And called the previous question;
but I withdraw it with pleasure, if desired by my
friend from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
demand, and lecognized the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to relieve the House
from the impressions which may have been made
by the remarks of my friend from Kentucky
[iVlr. Gruy] m reference to the contractor m the
case under consideration, Mr. Metcalf. The
gentleman stated to the House that Mr. Metcalf
held some official relation to the Post Office De-
partment, as a special agent, and hence that a
contract made by the Department with him, who
held this relation, would, be a transaction which
would justly .subject him to suspicions, and justify
the animadversions of thegentleman himself. But
so far from that being the case, Mr. Metcalf, who
had been a special agent of the Post Office De-
partment, was removed by the Department before
the contract was entered into.
Mr. GREY. I wish to remind the gentleman
that I stated in my remarks that I did not charge
fraud upon the part of the contractor in his con-
nection with the Government, neither legal nor
moral wrong to Mr. Metcalf in taking this contract.
But I ask the gentleman a question. 1 ask him,
upon the stait, if the law of the Post Office De-
partment is not this, that when the contractor
fails to perform his contract to cairy the mad
from one point to another upon his route, if the
contractor does not bid for his route, with the un-
derstanding that when he entered upon it that he
should carry the whole mail? If he has a daily
service only he must carry the whole mail, and
if he does not the postmasters upon the route are
to contract with others to carry the mail, and the
amount of the cost of such new contract is to be
deducted out of his pay from the Government.
I ask the gentleman if he does know that the Post-
master General has no right to add an additional
allowance to a contractor for carrying an extra
quantity of mail? That matter has been decided
already by the Post Office Department.
Mr. OLDS. I will reply to my colleague upon
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
It is with referenceto the power of the Postmaster
General to contract for additional service that I
am speaking.
The gentleman will recollect that when bids are
made for carrying the mail a certain service is
stipulated for. For instance: a contract may be
entered into for carrying the mail between two
given points twice or three times a week; but that
does not preclude the Postmaster General, upon
petitions being presented, showing that a daily
mail is required, from contracting for carrying a
daily mail, and from paying an additional prorata
allowance for it. So in this case the fact that the
Postmaster General has made a contract for Carry-
ing a daily mail does not preclude him, if he be-
comes satisfied that the wants of the service require
it, from contracting further for carrying the mail
twice a day, and paying an additional pro rata
compensation therefor. He cannot, however,
pay higher than a pro rata compensation in addi-
tion.
Mr. GREY. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Alabama, I desire to make a statement,
for the benefit of the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. This question
has already been decided by the Post Office De-
partment. Some years ago a contract was made
with Mr. Eastham for carrying the mad from
Louisville to St. Louis daily; at the same time a
contract was made with Mr. Campbell and others,
to carry the great eastern mail crossing at Wheel-
ing, on by Columbus,Dayton,Terra Haute,&c.,
to St. Louis. Campbell, though, carried over his
route only a horse-back mail, and sent the great
eastern mail by Cincinnati, and by the Ohio river,
to Louisville, where it was thrown on to Eastham
route from Louisville to St. Louis.
The agent of the Department (sent out to in-
vestigate the grievances Eastham complained of)
testified to the Postmaster General, that the mail
thrown on Eastham's route, which was to have
gone by way of Campbell's route, gave to East-
ham from three to four times the amount of mail
he, Eastham, had contracted to carry. Eastham,
proved, that in consequence of that mail illegally
thrown on him he had lost one hundred horses,
and lost largely by its breaking down his coaches;
yet in that case, the chaiiman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr. Olds]
knows the Postmaster General refused to make an
extra allowance to Eastham, but referred him to
Congress "for mercy."
Mr. OLDS. Certainly; but that does not affect
the position I have taken. I stated a moment ago
that this obligation was for increased pay for car-
rying the mail under a contract which had been
extended to provide for increased service.
Mr GREY. Did not the gentleman state, that
the increased service was putting on an additional
stage upon the line? Eastham complained and
remonstrated, and proved he had been obliged to
employ increased coaches and horses to carry the
extra mail.
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. GREY. Then how does the increased ser-
vice differ from that m the case I have just stated?
Mr. OLDS. The difference is this: In this case
the increase was for service which was not stipu-
lated for in the original contract made with the
Postmaster General. The original contract pro--
vided for a daily mail, but it was found that the
service required that the mail should be carried
twice a day. This I hold to be a kind of additional
service, which the PostmasterGeneral may author-
ize, and make an additional pro rata allowance
therefor.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is not my purpose to ex-
tend this debate, for the House have already had
enough of it to satisfy them of the propriety of
the resolution. My object m rising was to correct
a sort of imputation which seems to have been
cast upon the Postmaster General. There is no
sortof connection, political or official, between him
and Mr. Metcalf. So far from his being an agent
or favorite with the present Postmaster General,
he was one of those who was removed by him
from all official relations with that Department.
There is, therefore, no favoritism to be brought to
bear on the subject. Gentlemen understand that,
and I hope that all said about Mr. Metcalf being
an agent of the Post Office Department will go
without effect on the existing proposition.
Mr. GREY. With the gentleman's permission,
; 1 will remind him that I did not charge fraud
| against the contractors, though the contract was
illegally made, else Congress would not be called
on to ratify it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I do not see what was
the necessity of stating to the House that Mr.
Metcalf was an agent of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
But there is another matter, and it is this: On
the great mail route going from the northeast to
the southwest, from Maine to the city of Mont-
