1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1688
great importance. To this extent, then, thetreaty
had something of a substantial basis to rest upon;
and although the acquisition of such territory may
be no recommendation, yet it certainly constitutes
no valid objection to the treaty.
1 desire to say, therefore, that I regret that I
should have employed language upon that occa-
sion which, whatever 1 may think of the recent
negotiations with Mexico, was too sweeping; in its
character, and not altogether fit to be used. "What
I said in regard to the discussion which was elicited
upon the subject*of the treaty was provoked by
a strong impression on my mind that there was
really nothing in the question of privilege, as con-
nected with the proposition before the committee,
made upon any gentleman participating in it.
The speeches of those who participated in the
discussion are now in print, and will, I have no
doubt, amply vindicate themselves from any in-
sinuation contained in my remarks.
 
RATES OF POSTAGE.
The House then proceeded to consider, as the
first business in order, the bill reported yesterday
by Mr. Olds, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, " to amend an act entitled
an act to amend an act entitled an act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United
States," approved August 30, 1852.
Mr. OLDS. In the remarks made yesterday
by me, I endeavored to illustrate the effect of the
present rates of newspaper postage upon the coun-
try and city press. I may, perhaps, from those
remarks, have left the impression resting upon
the minds of members of the House that I enter-
tained a hostile feeling towards the city press.
Such, sir, is not the fact. I have nothing to say
against the city presses. I am willingthey should
have all the benefit of all the circulation they can
obtain, which is not incompatible with the public
good. What I desire to accomplish is, that the
newspapers of the country shall pay to the reve-
nues of the Post"Office Department what it actually
costs the Government to transport those papers
through the mails of the United States. I desire,
then, that the city press may have every advant-
age of their local position, and of their command-
ing influence, but that they shall not have it at the
expense of the National Treasury.
In order to illustrate the bonus which the Gov-
ernment is now actually paying to increase the
circulation of the city press, let me merely insti-
tute a comparison between the postage upon news-
papers and that upon letters; and let me institute,
also, a comparison between what the postage now
is and what it will be under the bill before the
House, if the bill shall pass. The charge now
upon any newspaper not weighing more than
three ounces, carried to any extreme point in the
United States, is one cent postage; but if prepay-
ment is made at the office where mailed, or deliv-
ered quarterly, or yearly in advance, there is a
reduction of fifty per cent., which, in fact, makes
the postage on any newspaper not weighingmore
than three ounces, to any point of the United
States, one half cent.
Take, for illustration, a New York city paper,
not weighing more than three ounces—say the
New York Courier and Enquirer. Perhaps by
taking that paper { will prevent treading on the
toes of those gentlemen which 1 would do were I
to take the Tribune or Herald. The Courier and
Enquirer weighs three ounces, on which the post-
age for the daily paper the quarter to any point
of the United States is forty-five and a half cents.
Then there is carried through the mail the quarter
to any point of the United States, ninety-one pa-
pers, each weighing three ounces, at forty-five and
a half cents postage. One half that goes to the
postmaster, and the other half to the Government.
Twenty-two and three quarter cents the Govern-
ment gets for the transportation of ninety-one
papers, each weighing three ounces, to any part of
the United States. Multiply ninety-one by three,
and the weight of newspapers carried for that |
amount the quarter is a little over fifteen pounds, i
We transport then through the mail of the United !
States more than fifteen pounds weight from New '
York to San Francisco, at a revenue, after paying
the commission of the postmaster, of twenty-two
and three fourth cents. You cannot send a pack-
age by Adams & Co.'sexpress, from Baltimore to
Washington, for the same sum that you receive
for carrying ninety-one papers, weighing fifteen
pounds, from New York to New Orleans, or New
York to San Francisco. To send a package by
express from New York to New Orleans, you
would have to pay the company three, perhaps
four times as much as is received by the mail of
the United States for transporting the same weight,
in newspapers, an equal distance. Now, I ask is
this just, is it right?
Well, sir, we are told, and Mr. Greeley refers
to it in his paper, that if we were to make every-
thing passing through the mail pay its tribute
according to the cost for transportation, we would
derive sufficient revenue to sustain the Post Office
Department, without necessity for further increase
of postage. I admit the fact. I admit that if we
make everything passing through the mail pay the
actual cost for transportation to the Department,
we shall need no increase of postage.
But I have been charged by the city press, in
my attempt to raise letter postage from three to
five cents, with an effort to impose a tax on the
correspondence of the country. Let me make a
comparison between postage on letters and that on
newspapers. A letter from New York for New
Orleans, weighing one half ounce, pays three cents
postage. It pays six cents the ounce, ninety-six
cents the pound, and §14 40 the fifteen pounds.
The New York Daily Courier and Enquirer weighs
fifteen pounds the quarter, and pays forty-five and
a half cents postage. The same rate of postage
on newspapers as now exists with reference to
letters would require the payment on that weight
of $14 40 postage.
NoV, I would ask, what reason is there to
charge $14 40 postage on fifteen pounds of letter
from New York to New Orleans, and only forty-
five and one half cents for the same weightof news-
paper? Is it just? Is it right? Is it justice to the
Treasury andGovernmentof the United States? Is
it justice to the Post Office Department, when you
desire to extend and grant mail facilities to every
section of the country, to compel them to trans-
port these newspapers at one fourth less than what
it would cost to send them as freight by any of
the express companies of the United States ?
In the effort which I am making to do Away
with the provision of the law of 1852 which makes
a reduction in postage of fifty per cent, upon the
prepayment of newspapers, I feel that I have no
private interests to subserve. I am not connected
in any way with the newspaper press of the coun-
try; and my only desire is, that you should do'
justice to the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and that you shall make this paper circula-
tion pay something like its cost of transportation
in the mails of the United States. I call upon gen-
tlemen in this House—the guardians of the public
Treasury—who are willing to do and to exact
justice in all things, to exact justice from the city
press which is benefited by this reduction of fifty
per cent, to the tune of a great many thousands of
dollars annually. If your Government must pay
a bonus out of the Treasury of the United States
indirectly in the way of postage to sustain the
city press, why, do the thing openly and fairly,
and make these papers pay their cost of transpor- ;
tation in the mails of the United States, und then
say, if you choose, that every newspaper published
in a city shall receive m money from the Treasury
of the United States what you now give it in the
form of reduced postage. A proposition of that
kind before the Congress of the United States
would not obtain a single vote, not even from gen-
tlemen representing the city of New York or Phil-
adelphia; and you could not get them to pay to the
newspapers out of the Treasury of the United
States what you are now giving them by way of
a reduction of postage.
Taking m connection the fact that you have
always required prepayment of postage on news-
papers, and the fact that this little proviso crept in
unawares into the law of 1852, which only carried
out what was a regulation of the Department be-
fore, and I ask what reason is there, in justice
and m truth, that we should retain this provision
of the law of 1852 making this reduction of fifty
per cent, for prepayment? There might be some
kind of justice in making a distinction between
prepaid and unpaid letters, from the fact that if
you require prepayment, you do not lose any-
thing on account of dead letters. But I ask, what
substantial reason is there, more than a bonus to
the city press, why you should make this reduc-
tion of fifty per cent. ?
Believing that 1 have explained this matter at
sufficient length, and that I have made myself
clearly understood by members of the House,
I shall yield the floor to any gentleman who
wishes to oppose this bill. 1 hope, however,.that
the bill may receive the favorable consideration
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I woitld
ask the gentleman from Ohio if the effect' of the
bill will not be to increase the rates of newspaper
postage?
Mr. OLDS. I will answer the gentleman.
The rates will remain just as they are now by
law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does it not take from
the subscriber the privilege of paying his postage
in advance, and getting a discount of fifty percent ?
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir; I will inform the gentle-
man and the House of the rates on newspapers,
as they will be if this bill should become a law.
The schedule has been made out oy the Depart-
ment.
On daily newspapers weighing not exceeding
three ounces, circulating in the State where pub-
lished, the postage per quarter wiil be forty-five
and a half cents; for papers published six daysin
the week, thirty-nine cents; for tri-weekly papers,
nineteen and a half cents; for semi-weekiy, thir-
teen cents; for weekly papers, six and a half cents;
for semi-monthly, three cents; and for*monthly
papers, one and a half cents. For a daily paper
weighing not exceeding three ounces, and circulat-
ing out of the State where published, the postage
per quarter will be, should this bill become a law,
mnety-onecents; forsix-day papers, seventy-eight
cents; for tri-weekly, thirty-nine cents; for semi-
weekly, twenty-six cents; for weekly, thirteen
cents; for semi-monthly, six cents; and for month-
ly, three cents.
These will be the rates of newspaper postage,
should this bill become a law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think I understand
the gentleman. This bill proposes to take away
from the subscribers the right of making this dis-
count; and it is to that extent a tax on the intel-
ligence of the community; and, consequently, I am
opposed to the gentleman's bill.
Mr. CHANDLER took the floor.
Mr. SMI PH, of Virginia, f wish to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. W^ashburne]a ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman
from "Virginia? v
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes.
Mr. SMITH. I will put the question to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I desire to hear
some reason assigned why the Post Office Depart-
ment should not support itself? I have not heard
any reason for it yet.
Mr. CHANDLER. It would require me to go
into an argument to answerthe gentleman's ques-
tion. And I propose, in the few remarks I nave
to make, not to occupy more than three or four
minutes in replying to the gentleman from Ohio,
(Mr. Olds.] But, I will, in one word, reply to
the question of the gentleman from Virginia, as I
know he never puts a question unless in good
faith.
Whenever the Government of any country as-
sumes to exercise its sovereignty and interfere
with private enterprise, that Government has no
right to assert its power to enrich itself by such
interference with private enterprise.
Mr. SMITH. How does the Government in-
terfere with private interests, when it charges no
more than is necessary to defray the cost of trans-
portation, &c. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. T answer, that the Gov-
ernment does charge more—two or three times
more—for carrying one half of the letters than in-
dividuals would carry them for. Andthisitdoes
with the view of spreading the benefits of its
interference over every portion of the country.
The theory is, that those who pay the most post-
age by sending most letters pay the higher postage
in order that the benefits of the system may be
general.
But, sir, I did not rise to enter upon any defense
of the city press, which has been assailed by my
friend from Ohio, [Mr, Olds,] nor to enter upon
any invidious comparison between the press of
the city and of the country. We all know that
the press is regarded as the palladium of our lib^
