ne
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
nent points, hoping at least to be able to satisfy
Senators that the case is not quite so clear of all
doubt against the right as to require no reference
and no investigation; but having discovered a
general inclination to let the case go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I shall refrain from en-
tering on the discussion of the question until the
committee shall have made their report.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I concur en-
tirely in the propriety of adopting the resolution
by which this question is proposed to be sub-
mitted to the examination of- the Committee on
the Judiciary; and I think that is the general sense
of the Senate, in order that the precedents—if
there be any, as X understand there are, although
I am not myself at all familiar with them—may
be collected by that committee, and by their intel-
ligent care and observation brought to the consid-
eration of their force and bearing upon this ques-
tion now submitted to the Senate. Therefore I
shall postpone entirely, as my friend who hasjust
taken his seat has done, going into any discussion
upon the subject at the present time. I am not
now prepared to deliver any opinion of my own,
but in the mean time I would take the liberty of
saying, if the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Phelps] has examined the question as to
his right to continue in a seat in this body, and
would feel himself prepared to present his views
to us, I should be extremely glad, for one member
of the Senate, if he would be kind enough to favor
us this morning with his general views of the
question.
I make this request for two reasons: first, be-
cause every member of this body who has served
with him, knows his profound acquirements as a
lawyer, and the clearness and force of his under-
standing as a reasoner; and in the second place,
because I should like to have my own mind guided,
in some measure, into a train for the examination
of this question; for I say frankly, though I have
not yet particularly examined it, all my previous
inclinations of opinion have been strong and clear
against the right of the honorable member to con-
tinue in his seat. Without, therefore, desiring in
any way to introduce a debate upon the subject,
I shall be extremely happy, and I think it will be
very becoming and appropriate, if the honorable
Senator has examined this question, and has ma-
tured his views upon it, that he should now give
them to us previous to the reference of the ques-
tion. It will aid us all, and I have no doubt will
not be disregarded by my honorable friend at the
head of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I made but a suggestion yester-
day, and I would not have it inferred at all that I
had any aversion to the question going to the
committee, I thought, however, as it was a
question of privilege, that it was rather due to the
gentleman himself to have it considered now than
to have it postponed. My remarks were made
with a view to give all the benefit to the honora-
ble Senator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] him-
self; but, sir, as a motion has been made to refer
the question, my respect for that honorable Sena-
tor, my respect for the State of Vermont, my
respect for the commission, as I understand the
gentleman has one, induce me to withdraw any
opposition to its going to the committee. That
honorable gentleman has served upon the Judici-
ary Committee, and as far as I can bear testimony,
I have scarcely known one upon the committee
who could examine a question with more care and
attention, and upon whose judgment I would
sooner rely than upon his. I therefore desire to
be understood, that my remarks yesterday were
made out of no opposition to him, and with no
disposition at all to compromit his rights. I hope
that will be generally understood.
Mr. PHBHliPS. Mr. President, I did not come
prepared this morning to present an argument to
the Senate upon this question; nor is it my pur-
pose to do so now. 1 did desire, however, an
opportunity to explain to the Senate the motives
which induced meto present myself here, claiming,
in behalf of the State which I profess to represent,
a right to a seat in this body. The explanation,
however, given by my colleague, the honorable
Senator from that State, [Mr. Poor,] has satisfied
me, and I therefore desire to say no more.
I trust that the Senate will do me the justice to
believe that I come here, not with any personal
pretensions, but to assert and enforce what I con-
sider the constitutional right of a sovereign State.
Waiving that matter, however, Mr. President, I
am perfectly willing to comply with the desire ex-
pressed by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] in presenting to the Senate, as I think I
can do in a very few words, the grounds upon
which my claim to a seat here rests.
I am perfectly aware, Mr. President, that the
general impression is such as has been expressed
by the Senator from North Carolina; but from a
careful examination of the phraseology of the Con-
stitution—from an examination of the precedents,
as far as they have gone, indicating the sense of
the Senate from time to time, I must say it is my
deliberate opinion that the commission under which
I took my seat here at the last session has not yet
expired.
The expression of the Constitution under which
this appointment was made, is in these words, if I
recollect them rightly: In case of a vacancy, (such
as occurred by the decease of Mr. Upham) the
Executive of the State is authorized " to make
temporary appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature" of the State, "which shall then
fill such vacancy." The impression to which I
allude, as expressed by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, is, that the limitation im-
plied in the words " until the next meeting of the
Legislature," is a limitation of the office or ap-
pointment, which therefore terminates the right of
the appointee.
This impression, I apprehend, is altogether erro-
neous. The limitation, in my judgment, applies
to the power of the Executive, and nothing else;
and viewing it, in this light, as a limitation upon
the power of the Executive, the language of the
Constitution, " until the next meeting of the Legis-
lature," is peculiarly appropriate.
If I am right, sir, in this construction of the
Constitution, in considering the limitation as ap-
plicable, not to the office created by the appoint-
ment, but to the power which makes it, it will be
seen at once that the prevailing impression upon
this subject is altogether erroneous. If, however,
the other construction be adopted, the office term-
inates, unquestionably, at the moment when the
Legislature of the State is organized, and in a
capacity to act; but this construction has been uni-
formly repudiated.
I will not go into a minute examination of the
precedents; but I may allude to what, so far as I
! am acquainted with the proceedings of this body,
' is the first precedent on the subject. It was the
case of Mr. Smith, of Maryland, who held his
place here under an appointment of the Executive
of the State of Maryland. The Legislature of
Maryland met whilst this body was in session.
The question arose whether the meeting of that
Legislature did not terminate the office of Mr.
Smith as a member of this body. A resolution
was introduced, and carried by a most decided
majority, that the member from Maryland v/as
entitled to retain his seat in this body "during
(such is the language of the resolution) Agression
of the Legislature."
Well, sir, this word "during" is susceptible of
two interpretations; the one is to the effect that
the member was entitled to his seat, although the
Legislature of his State was in session; the other
is, that he was entitled to his seat until the termi-
nation of that session. It must be apparent to all,
that the latter interpretation could not, with any
propriety be given to the resolution, because the
member was liable to be displaced at any moment
by the action of the Legislature of Maryland. The
import of the resolution therefore was this: that
.he was entitled to retain his seat, notwithstanding
the limitation to which I have alluded in the Con-
stitution—the limitation "until the next meeting
of the Legislature."
Now, sir, from this resolution, I infer that my
own construction of the Constitution in this par-
ticular, is the correct one. I believe that in every
instance in which the subject has been before the
Senate, this precedent has been adhered to. 1 am
not aware of any case in which a member has
been excluded from a seat here in consequence of
the meeting of the Legislature of his State.
But, sir, when making this assertion, it is
proper that I should remark, that I know of no
case in which the question has come before this
body under circumstances precisely like the pres-
ent, because I know of no ease where the question
has been raised after the adjournment of the Legis-
lature. The precedents, therefore, as far as they
go, tend to sustain my own construction of the
Constitution; but the question of the effect of the
adjournment of the Legislature is one with respect
to which there is, 1 believe, no precedent either
way. I may be permitted to say, however—
although I am not disposed now to go into a
formal argument on the subject—that there is
nothing in the Constitution which tends to termi-
nate the appointment at the adjournment of the
Legislature. If the limitation applies at all, it
applies to the meeting of it, and must apply to its
commencement, its organization, and capacity to
act. That it means this, is perfectly apparent
from the fact that we all admit that this limitation
does apply to the power of the Governor; and, as
applicable to that—the appointing power of the
Governor—it must mean the commencement, and
not the^rrnination of the session. *
But, sir, I shall not violate my promise, I am
not disposed now to go into any formal argument,
by way of illustration or reference to precedents,
in regard to the question. My only object is to
advise the Senate of the grounds upon which the
claim to the seat here stands. And I will merely
add, Mr. President, that, according to the view
which I have taken of the Constitution, there is
no express limitation to the appointment made by
the Governor in such a case. I say there is no
express limitation in the Constitution at all; and
according to the view which I have taken of the
matter, there was no necessity for such limitation.
The appointment carries with itits own limitation.
It is, in the first place, to fill a vacancy. It can
endure no longer than that vacancy exists. In the
second place, it is a provisional appointment, sub-
ject to the action of a superior authority—the
Legislative power of the State. It is, therefore,
terminable at any moment when that Legislature
has the capacity to act, and does, in its discretion,
see fit to act.
These, sir, are the grounds upon which the claim
of my State to a full representation here rests.
It will be seen at once by gentlemen, that if the
argument were ever so far extended, it must turn
at last upon the simple question as to the import
or application of the limitation in the Constitution.
If that limitation applies to the office, to the term
of service, it unquestionably ends at the same mo-
ment that it terminates the power of the Executive
to make such appointment. If it does not apply,
why then we have no express limitation in the
Constitution.
The idea that theadjournmentof the Legislature
terminates the appointment is nothing more than
a sort of corollary, or inference from the idea that
an express limitation applies to the appointment.
If, then, we are left without any express limita-
tion on the appointment, the consequence is that
we are to look, not to the words of the Constitu-
tion for its termination, but we are to look to the
nature and purpose of the appointment, and we
are to have reference to that power which may,
in its discretion, terminate it. In other words,
it can endure no longer than the vacancy endures,
and it terminates when the superior authority, by
supplying the place, or, in the words of the Con-
stitution, filling the vacancy, puts an end, in a
constitutional manner, to the temporary or provi-
sional appointment.
These are substantially the reasons, and not
only substantially, but altogether the whole of the
argument on the subject. I do not know that I
could illustrate it, or could add to it, if I were ,to
spend an hour or two upon the subject. I believe
I have gone far enough to make the basis of the
argument understood; and if so, I have effected
the only object which I had now in view—to call
the attention of the Senate to the real question
which is presented.
And I may be permitted to say, that, although
the manner in which this question was necessarily
presented to the Senate, is one which might affect
the sensibility of almost any gentleman, situated
as I am, yet I beg the Senate to understand that
I would not for a msfcaient claim a seat here upon
any other ground than for the purpose of securing
to the State of Vermont its constitutional right
here. As to the mode in which the question is
brought up here, I desire the privilege of setting
myself right—if I may use a set phrase—"before
the Senate and the country."
I came here and occupied my seat. I did this,
Mr. President, with the advice of others; and you,
sir, are aware from what sources that advice was
