826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
say to this House what is understood by the
whole country, that all emergencies are lessened
by previous preparation, it is more than prob-
able that if we show ourselves prepared for any
exigency which may happen, we may be spared a
large expenditure of treasure and blood by this
small expenditure.
It is best for us, therefore, to be prepared for any
evil, and any events which may occur. Though
i see no very great cloud, yet we all know that
in the horizon, a cloud no larger than a man's
hand may soon expand into the means of terrible
storm; and it is best to be prepared for such an
event, le&t we be caught in the tempest.
I trust, therefore, the House will not find it un-
reasonable to adopt this proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall oppose theamend-
ment of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] in order to enable me to say a word
or two by way of explanation.
If this proposition which I have offered be
adopted, and the Secretary of the Navy shall find
it necessary to use some portion of this three
million fund within the next three or four months,
it will be very easy to supply the deficiency in
the regular naval bill, when it comes up. It is
very certain that the whole amount of the three
millions of dollars will not be needed within the
next six months, for the construction of these six
steamers.
It is further very questionable whether these
steamers can be built under eighteen months or
two years. We have, however, several ships now
lying in our various ports, which can be fitted out
ready for sea in a very few weeks, perhaps in a
few days. If there is to be a general war in Eu-
rope, it may turn out that one or the other of these
belligerents may pursue such a course as to render
it necessary that we should have a greater naval
force upon the ocean than we now have.
1 was about to call the attention of the commit-
tee to another fact in support of the proposition
which I have submitted. 1 refer to an article
which 1 have recently seen, published in one of
the English newspapers, in which it was stated,
in reference to the attempt of this Government to
get vessels to send to the relief of the San Fran-
cisco, that the United State had no Navy.
I also saw, not long since, in a Spanish paper,
published at Madrid, an article showing the com-
pilative strength of the American and Spanish
Navies, in which it was stated that it appeared
that Spain had a much larger Navy than the Uni-
ted States, and that they had nothing to fear from
us.
I concur in the opinion expressed by the gen-
tleman upon my right (Mr. Chandler] that by
making a small h-how of naval force, we should be
likely to escape great difficulty; hence I wish to
place in the hands of the Secretary of the Navy a
winall sum of money for that purpose. My friend
over the way, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
J>orooK,} stated yesterday that the reason why the
Secretary of the Navy could not now use these
ships, was, that the Committee of Ways and
Means would not give him the money. My
amendment will obviate that difficulty, and enable
him to use a small portion of this fund for the re-
pair of these vessels, if he shall deem it necessary.
As to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I do not care whether it be adopted
or not. I shall vote for it, however.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Chandler to the amendment, it
was put; and the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Cijnc.man,] by adding:
Provided, That no more than one dollar shall be so used.
Mr. Chairman, this is a proposition appropri-
ating money for the building of ships, and any
question in reference to the appropriation of money
for the payment of wages to seamen belongs to a
different subject, and should be put in a different
bill. When the proposition was made for build-
ing these ships, the question was raised before our
committee, and befoie the Department, as to what
amount of money was necessary for their con-
struction.
Estimate* were made, and it was agreed that
about 000,000 would be necessary for the pur-
i use of constructing six first-class frigates, h
also agreed that about two years would be
necessary to complete them; we therefore thought
that $3,000,000 could be properly expended during
the present year, and we accordingly placed that
amount in the bill.
Now, sir, I ask that the bill may be allowed to
stand upon its own merits. I want the appropri-
ations which we propose to make for the purpose
of building ships to be applied exclusively for
that purpose. If you apply a portion of the ap-
propriation to the payment of seamen, in a short
time you will have the Secretary of the Navy
coming hereand asking us to supply the deficiency
which will thus be created. Gentlemen will then
ask us why we did not make the appropriation
large enough to build the ships?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise to a question of order.
I ask if the gentleman from Virginia is discussing
his amendment >
Several Members. You are only wasting time
by raising questions of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It may be that it is only
wasting time; but J nevertheless make the ques-
tion of order, and ask the Chair to decide it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not think
the gentleman was proceeding strictly in order.
^ Mr. BOCOCK. A gentleman near me asks if
the estimate of 000,000 is not larger than that
made by the Secretary of the Navy for the con-
struction of these ships? The estimate of the
Secretary was for $5,000,000; but he also sent in
an estimate of the cost of finishing and fitting out
certain other vessels; and, as it will be seen by
the second section of this bill, we have made pro-
vision for finishing and fitting out the sail frigates
Sabine and Santee, now on the stocks, the ex-
pense of which is to be included in this appropri-
ation.
But, sir, I was about to say, when interrupted
by the gentleman from Alabama, that thife tnutlfei'
of paying seamen is not one requiring further legis-
lation. The Secretary of the Navy now has ample
power over the subject. All that is needed is an
appropriation, and the proper place for that is in the
naval appropriation bill, which I hope will come
up before the committee in the course of a few
weeks. Let gentlemen contest this question upon
that bill, and not attempt to ingraft upon a bill
for the construction and finishing of vessels a pro-
vision in relation to the payment of seamen's
wages.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. BOCOCK then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. COBB. I wish to put this bill in a condi-
tion in which lean voteforit. I believetheamend-
ment I have to offer is a proper one, and I hope
the gentleman from Virginia will accept it, and
thus save the time of the committee. I offer the
following as an amendment to the bill:
Provided further, That said propellers shall be mannpd
by seamen now employed m the naval service ; and should
paid equipping or manning dimnan vessels now in use, said
vessels ,-diall be disposed of by the Secretary of the Navy
upon such terms asm bis judmnent may be best, and the
proceeds thereof he deposited in the Trencmy of the United
Slates, subject t«i such laws and regulations as may be now
in force in other cases o( deposits.
Perhaps the object of that amendment may not
strike others as favorably as it does me. But if
weare to construct new vessels, it is important that
we should construct such as may be usefully em-
ployed by the Government. I believe the six
steamers proposed to be constructed are such.
I have been in favor of the provisions of the bill
in reference to the building of vessels for several
yeais past. I am ofopinion that many of our ves-
sels are entirely worthless. My amendmentis that
we shall abandon the old hulks which have been
floating about on the sea, much to the detriment of
the individuals on board, as well as to our national j
enterprise on the ocean. It provides that we shall j
take the men from those useless vessels which have j
been floating—not floating very much, for I under-
stand that thechains of most of theiranehors have !
been rusting from inactivity—and put them aboard ,
of these six steamers. By thus doing, and enabling
the steamers to hdve active service, we contribute i
much to humanity; for the health of the men will
be much improved by such a change. Put them
on good vessels, and employ them actively, and
they will have good health, and be useful in any
emergency. That is the object I have in view.
{ will not argue a question which is so apparently
right.
A Member. Mr. Chairman  
Mr. COBB. I am not through. I am like the
Mississippi captain; I have a stoppage in my ideas,
and have to wait before going on. [Laughter.] 1
think the amendment so obviously right that no
gentleman should object to it.- 1 am satisfied that
if the proposition were made, disconnected from
the present bill, the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs would yield it his sanction. He
is opposed to it, fearing that it will embarrass his
measure. I want to vote for his bill; but I would
much rather vote for it with the amendment I have
suggested than without it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment suggested by the gentle-
man from Alabama, for the reason that I consider
it entirely impracticable. My opinion is to some
extent based on the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, which happens to be before me by acci-
dent. The report says that—-
"The American Navy consists of about seventy Vessel^
embracing all, from the ships-of-the line to the* smallest
brig, sehooner, and store-slnp. Ot these, many ships ot-
the-lme, frigate*, steamers, and &lnnps-of- War, are not only
unfit for service, but I am advised by the Bureau of Con-
struction, Equipment, and Repair, are not worth repairing.
Theie are not now in the Navy forty Ve^sela Whieb could
be bronchi into service in ninety days, if needed. There
is no steamer in the Pacific or Alncan squadron, but one
of two guns in the Brazilian squadron, and we 'have no
steamer of more than ten guns. The law only authorizes
the enh&iment of seven thousand five hundred men, which,
with an allowance of a proper complement tor each ve--
sel, would not man a fleet of filiy vessels, with a fair pro-
portion of large ships. On referring to authentic papers,
it will be found that, in point of size at least, our Navy
much less than one fifth ot that ot several ot the greater
Powers of Europe, and, whatever fnay be its relative supe-
riority and efficiency. H not larger than fhat of certain other
Powers of Europe which are not of the ftr.-t rank in the
sc.dc of nations,n
1 am Opposed to the ariifeftdfnfehfi Mr: Chair*
tnnn# because ther6 al*e nd vfcpsete which Could Se
3old> liot having enough for the wuhis of the ser-
vice; and further, for the reason that, as there are
none of them good for anything which can be
spared, surely nobody will be foolhardy enough
to enter into a bad speculation by buying a rotten
and worn-out ship or other vessel-of-war.
In the next place, I am opposed to it because it
embarrasses this bill. While I desire the in-
crease of the Navy as much as any gentleman,
while 1 do not believe the force we have at pres-
ent is sufficiently large, still I deem it my duty,
having consented to the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to oppose all amend-
ments by reasonable argument which may im~
feril the passage of the bill under consideration.
ardently destre it may, as I believe it will, be-
come a law.
Could I have my wishes gratified by this House,
and had it met the approbation of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, the bill would have provided
for building twelve first-class steam-frigates in-
stead of the number now recommended to be
built. The protection of our commeiee, in my
judgment, requires that such an addition should
be made to our naval forces.
Seferal of the propositions which have been
made during this debate may be referred to as
fully as the time allotted to me will permit. I do
not favor certain words in the bill. I consented to
the addition, but I acknowledge that \ was willing
to leave the building of these ships entirely in the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy. I have great
confidence in his judgment. I refer to the words** to
be built by contract, or in the Government navy-
yards, as the Secretary of the Navy may think
most advisable for the public interest." I am op-
posed entirely to the contract system for any of
the supplies needed by the Government; and I
have said so more than once upon this floor. The
experience of the past, Mr. Chairman, fully jus-
tifies me in doing so. In nothing are we more
forcibly impressed with the bad results of the con-
tract system than in the building of ships, or ves-
sels-of-war.
There are certain portions of the frame of a ship
which cannot be replaced, except at very great
expense; indeed, all repairs of the frame are very
costly. It is therefore quite as essential to use
good materials for this fundamental part of the
structure as it is to use good materials m the foun-
dation of a house.
All the experiments made in building ships of
cheap materials, and by contract, have failed, as
the statement 1 am about to make must convince
the most skeptical.
The frigate Guerriere, built at Philadelphia, of
