828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
required to pay more than is paid in the merchant
service of the country. If you adopt such a pol-
icy, I believe, as past experience has shown, that
you will obtain the requisite number of seamen to
man your ships, and enable them to traverse the
seas in all parts of the world.
Mr.CUMMlNG. I would say, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] that [think
he is in error in regard to this matter. At this
time, the President is by law authorized to make
the pay of sailors whatever bethinks proper; and
no amendment of the kind suggested by the gen-
tleman is necessary.
- Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr.
Bocock.] what amount the Secretary of the Navy
is now authorized by law to pay for seamen?
Mr. BOCOCK. There is no limit. I know
that it is not under eighteen dollars per month.
1 have come to the conclusion, from conversation
wish gentlemen, and from the information 1 have
gathered upon this subject, that there is no limit,
except that made by the appropriation m this
House.
Mr. CUMMING. I rose merely to say, that
if gentlemen—as I am myself—are disposed to in-S
crease the efficiency of the Navy, theie is one
thing requisite, and that is, to make an appropria-
tion large enough to allow the Secretary to make
the wages of these seamen the same as those em-
ployed m the ordinary commercial marine.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will my friend from New
York [Mr. Gumming] allow me one suggestion?
1 want the benefit of his opinion.
Mr. CUMMING. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Under this proposed amend-
ment the Secretary of the Navy may take a por-
tion of the money and pay the seamen as he may
deem necessary; and, therefore, three or four
months hence, when this naval bill is passed, if
there be any deficiency thereby caused, it can be
supplied. The object is to get at this present ap-
propriation m the deficiency bill. Will not that
answer the purpose of the gentleman from New
York?
Mr. CCJMMING. I think so. I have no ob-
jection to that at all. I prefer that, because as the
matter stands now, if seamen are engaged at higher
wages than those paid by the mercantile marine,
there will be none of them left for our commerce,
and I should rather have some left than nonent all.
The question was then put on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. By the amendment, the
amount to be paid to seamen is not to exceed the
anioiintpaid to sailors in the mercantile service
of the country.
The question was then put; and the Chair an-
nounced that the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for a division.
Mr. BAYLY, of Vnginia. I ask the commit-
tee to permit the amendment to be read again. I
want to move an amendment to it.
The amendment was accordingly again reported.
Mr BOCOCK. I thought, MY, Chairman, that
that amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. A division was called for
in tune, and the question has not been ultimately
decided.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I want to move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
TheCHAlRMAN. That is still the pending
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move to strike out the first
word in the amendment, desiring to say a word
in reference to this matter.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that there is an
unnecessary confusion among members on the
subject of the pay of seamen. Now, there is no
law whatever regulating the pay of seamen. The
discretion of the President in the matter is limited
in two ways. The law fixes the number of men
to be employed m the Navy, and more than that
number cannot be employed; and then the appro-
priation bill fixes the amount to be paid. Taking
these two things together, they impose the limita-
tion, and the only limitation whatever, in regard
to the pny of seamen.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, Mr, Chairman, that
my friend from Virginia is mistaken about this
matter. Tor this question was up at the last ses- !
?ion. By referring to the law on the subject, the !
gentleman will find that the Presidentof the Uni- |
ted States, through the Secretary of the Navy,
has the right to apportion the wages to seamen.
That I understand to be the law regulating the
matter.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not deny that at all. That
is precisely what I understand about it.
A Member. That is what the gentleman from
Virginia has said.
Mr. HOUSTON. No; he says that the appro-
priation bill fixes the wages to be paid.
Mr. BAYLY. You take the two points to-
gether, and that fixes the result. The one is a
question of limitation of numbers, and the other
is an appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the President has the
authority under the law to say that a seaman shall
have fifteen dollars per month, and we appropri-
ate only twelve dollars per month, as a matter of
course that does not deprive the seaman of the
other three dollars, if the President says he shall
have it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Bayly; and it was not agreed
to,
The question then recurring upon the adoption
£,of the amendment offered by Mr. Clingman—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said: Is it too
late, Mr. Chairman, to raise a question of order
in reference to that amendment, and that is, that
it is not germane to the bill? The wages of sea-
men has nothing to do with the building of these
ships, and therefore the amendment is not in
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. According to an admission
which has been made here, this amendment does
not affect the rate of wages, but merely allows
the President to use a portion of the funds.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon it that the
amendment is not in order. This bill is for build-
ing certain vessels, and an amendment to the effect
that a portion of it should be expended for another
purpose, is certainly out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The amendment is to fit
up vessels already built, and therefore it is ger-
mane.
Mr. STANTON. I will remind the Chair, if
he will allow me, that there is always an appro-
priation in the general appiopnation bill for
repairs, sometimes called " for an increase and
repairs;" and for that reason the amendment is
inappropriate here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
opinion that the amendment is not in order. It
has reference purely to the rate of pay to seamen,
while the bill refers purely to the construction of
these six frigates. For this reason the Chair
holds the point of order to be well taken, and
rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 submit to the Chair an-
other suggestion, and that is, whether it is not too
late to take this exception now, after it has been
entertained by the committee for two days, and
various amendments to it have been voted upon.
I suggest that the amendment has been entertained
by the general consent of the committee*
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
opinion that a question of order may be raised at
j any time. The Chair rules the amendment out
! of order. Does the gentleman appeal from the
j decision ?
! Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not appeal,
j Mr. SMITH, of New York. I offer the fol-
t lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
! first section of the bill:
] Provided, That no intoxicating liquors shall ever be
; kept in said *>lups lor a beverage.
| Mr. DEAN. I raise a question of order upon
j that amendment. An amendment as to what the
i seamen shall eat or drink is not germane to the
I bill.
| Mr. PECKHAM. Liquor is germane, of course,
j [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is raised as
to whether the amendment is in order or not. The
Chair is of opinion that it is not in order, inas-
much as the first section of the bill has relation to
j the construction of these frigates, and not as to the
: mode and manner of using them. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
i Mr. SMITH. Then I am constrained, though
; with pain to myself, to appeal from the decision
j of the Chair.
i A Mkmber. It may be in order as an amend-
t ment to the other section of the bill.
Mr. SMITH. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that my amendment will be in order to an-
other section of the bill?
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair expressed no
opinion in reference to any other point of the bill.
Pie decided that it was not in order at this point.
Mr. SMITH. If 1 can offer it at any other
point I will withdraw my appeal, and also with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to amend the first
section of the bill, so as to provide for the construc-
tion of nine frigates instead of six.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it is m order, I wish to
renew in a modified form the amendment which
was some time since ruled out of order.
TheCHAlRMAN. The gentleman from New
i York has offered an amendment,and is entitled to
the floor, if he desires to speak upon it.
Mr. PECKHAM. I offered this amendment,
in consequence of facts which have been received
this morning in reference to the promulgation of
an order, in council, by the foreign Secretary in
England, in reference to the action of that Gov-
ernment as to the freight on goods in neutral ves-
sels. I see it sta'ed that
" Some excitement had been created in commcrcial cir-
cles by Lord Clarendon's official announcement to the Riga
merchants that at! Russian produce, to whomsoever be-
longing, and even in neutral vessels, shall be lawful prizes
in tiie event of war."
Upon that it seems some comment has been
made by Mr. Gibson, a member of the House of
Commons, a portion of which I beg leave to read:
u If the dispatch of Lord Clarendon was to be acted
upon, we should assuredly be brought into collinon with
the Americans, wIiomj merchantmen would be liable l«> he
feeaiehed by the lirjti-h erui>ers, atid.jf they had any parcel
on board which, duectly or uidircctl}, could be made out
to be connected with Rtis^uin eouunciee, to be condemned
in some court of admiralty. He had hoped that the j-oumlcr
and safer policy that' free ships make free \wn* ' would
have saved us from the ribk ofcoilUion with friendly Pow-
ers. [ llear, hear. "1
Now, sir, this is a revival, or rather, perhaps,
I should say, a continuance—for I am not aware
that it has ever been abandoned by the British
Government—of the right of search in reference
to our vessels; but a doctrine to which we have
nevsr acceded, and to which 1 never can accede.
It is a question of very great importance to this
Government; for our commerce with Russia is
very large; and hence the question comes directly
home to us. This war is imminent; indeed, it
already exists; and a proclamation of this sort
made by the Government of Great Britain cannot
be received by us with indifference.
Then, sir, I ask, if this is to be their course
towards us, if it is not an important reason, if it
should not be a controlling reason, for the prompt
and efficient action of this House, that while we
are adding to our Navy, we should add a little
more? I am in favor of this increase. If the
wants of the country before required the constiuo-
tion of six frigates, it seems to me that the fact i
have stated should have a sufficient hearing hers
to induce the House to increase the number to nine
at least.
Great Britain, it is true, asks our sympathy in
her contest with Russia, and she may receive it.
In all probability she already has it to a great
degree in this House at the present time; but it is
all important that she should understand most
distinctly that she is encroaching upon a doctrine
which we hold to be of most vital importance; and
we should be in a condition not only to proclaim
this doctrine, but to have it respected. It is much
better for this country to prevent aggression than
to seek redress after the wrong has been inflicted.
I hope and trust, without extending comments on
the subject, that this matter will be properly con-
sidered by the committee; and this is the proper
occasion, not only to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the subject, but to have it understood by
Great Britain what our view is on the question.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, the commit-
tee have exhibited a very evident disinclination to
adopt any amendments to the bill, doubtless from
a wish to protect it from material alteration. I
hoped that we should have remained in session
yesterday until the bill was finally passed; and I
trust we may be soon allowed to take a vote upon
it. Believing it to be a measure urgently demanded
by the necessities of the country, I should like to
see it pass without delay; and as I think that, in
the form in which it came from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, it is more likely to be acceptable
