1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'0WS27
to the majority, I am willing to take it without
change. Any material alterations might endanger
its success.
The bill in its present form is simply intended
to provide an addition to the peace establishment
of the country. The amendment of the gentle-
man from New York looks to a state of war with
other Powers, which he considers not improbable.
I would suggest that, if hereafter we should find
the aspect of political affairs such as to require us
to make more extensive warlike preparations, a
supplemental bill may be introduced at some fu-
ture period of the session to provide for any ex-
isting emergency; but let us not change the char-
acter of the present bill, which is only designed
to make necessary additions to our peace estab-
lishment. I doubt, too, if more than six of these
propellers could be advantageously built at one
time.
If I thought it prudent to encourage amend-
ments, there are some which I would myself sug-
gest to the bill. I should prefer, like the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] to
strike out so much of it as gives discretion to the
Department to provide for the building of any of
these ships by contract. To this mode of build-
ing them I should be utterly opposed. I cannot,
of course, in the few minutes allowed me, enforce
my objections to the contract system for work of
this kind. Other gentlemen, however, entertain
different views; and it was therefore well enough,
perhaps, not to prescribe any particular manner of
building them, but to leave the Secretary to determ-
ine this question. It is a matter of administra-
tion, and it strictly belongs to the Department. I
have full confidence^ the Secretary of the Navy,
and I believe he will come to a proper determina-
tion upon it. The condition of the country re-
quires the passage of such a bill as this. I be-
lieve that it is demanded by an almost unanimous
public sentiment. In no other way can we more
advantageously dispose of a portion of the large
surplus now in the Treasury.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
spoke yesterday in opposition to this bill. The
sentiments he uttered may be, abstractly, very
proper, but I do not think they apply to the meas-
ure now under consideration. These frigates are
not to be built with reference to aggressive opera-
tions. Even with this addition to our Navy, it
will remain comparatively a small one. Wewfflt
six more steamers for purposes of ordinary ac-
commodation and defense. The honorable gen-
tleman said that our ships had heretofore only
been built to rot. That, sir, is certainly true.
All the works of man are perishable. But, so far
from being an objection, I submit that it is cause
for congratulation that we have had little occasion
for the services of these ships in war. Who can
tell how far the possession of these ships may
have saved us from war, and secured that very
peace which is so desirable? As well might we
repeal the law prohibiting and punishing the crime
of murder because since its passage there had
been no violation of its provisions, as to suffer
the Navy to go down because our ships of war
have only been built to rot.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was lost.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I renew, Mr.
Chairman, the amendment which I have already
offered in substance. I have varied it so that I
hope it will, in thfe judgment of the Chair, be ad-
missible. 1 propose that it shall come in at the
end of the first section. It is as follows:
And no intoxicating liquor shall ever be kept in said ships
for a beverage.
Mr. DEAN. I again make a point of order
on that amendment. I do not like to do it; but if
all sorts of amendments are allowed to be offered
and debated, we shall never dispose of this bill.
TheCHAlRMAN. Does the gentleman make
a point of order?
Mr. DEAN. I do.
The CH AIRMAN. What point does the gen-
tleman make?
Mr. DEAN. Why, that the amendment is not
germane to the bill.
Mr. COBB. The object of the bill is to author-
ize the construction of ships.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I appeal from
that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York, on the right of the Chair, offers the amend-
ment which has been read. His colleague, 011 the
left of the Chair, makes the point of order that the
amendment is not in order. The Chair sustains
the point of order, and from that decision an
appeal is taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. Will the Chair-
man be so good as to state the ground upon which
he rules the amendment out ot order.
TheCHAlRMAN. Perhaps it is unnecessary
to state it; but the Chair can see no reason why
the amendment can come within the purview of
the bill, unless the article to which it relates is to
be regarded as part of the armament and equip-
ment of a vessel.
The question was then taken on the appeal,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I now offer an amend-
ment modified so as, I hope, to meet the views of
the Chair as to the point of order.
The Clerk reported the amendment as follows:
Provided, That in the mean time, to enable the Secretary
of the Navy to fit up for Use vessels already built, be is au-
thorized to use such portion 01" the appropriation made in
this hill as may be necessary.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The ships provided for
in this bill will not be ready for use for perhaps
two years. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, suggests that a proposition such us mine
may very well come in in the Navy appropri-
ation bill. My friend's parliamentary experience
will suggest to him that that bill will probably
not become a law until the last day of the session.
That last day may, as was the case two years
ago, be the last of August; or it may, as was the
case four years ago, be the last of September;
or it may even be in October. In the mean time,
in the next five or six months, why should not
the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to put in
use some one of the five or six ships which are
now lying idle in our dock-yards ? There is the
Vermont, an eighty-four gun ship, at Boston,
which I learn could be got ready for sea 111 three
or four weeks, if there was a little money.
Now, suppose such a difficulty as is suggested
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Peck-
ham] occurs, and that our merchant vessels are
seized, upon the allegation that they contain some
Russian property, and we want, in the next five
or six months, some force on the ocean, is it not
far better that the Secretary of the Navy shall be
able to meet the emergency then, than that we
shall wait two years until the steamers are built;
or, at any rate, until the passage of the Navy ap-
propriation bill, some time in the fall? I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want just to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina one question.
Mr. JONES. I desire to submit a question of
order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let me ask my question
first.
Mr. JONES. Very well.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina, if the Secretary of theNavy
has informed the House in any way, that the
amount contained in the last appropriation bill for
the repairs of vessels, is insufficient? He has cer-
tainly given no such information to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am extremely averse to
speaking of matters that have not been commu- ,
nicated officially, and I will not do it now. But
I think that this proposition is right.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee submit a question of order?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir, I do. I submit the
question of order whether, this being a bill to au-
thorize the construction of six steam frigates, an
amendment is in order to set apart a portion of
the sum proposed to be appropriated for the fitting
up of vessels already constructed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the point of order is not well
taken. The second section of the bill provides for
other vessels besides these steamers.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It may be supposed
that the amendment suggested by the gentleman
from North Carolina, a very proper one. If
there should be any deficiency in th'e appropria- ,
tion for repairs of vessels, it might well be sup-
plied. If there is no necessity for so using the
money, of course it would go for the objects of
the bill. )
The question was then taken on Mr. Chngmsw'a
amendment; and it was not agreed to, - • '
Mr. HENN. I offer the followinganiendment:
Provided, That one of said vessel/shal! Ke buitt at each
of the following places, to wit;
Kittery, in the State of Maine; New York, in the State
of New York ; Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania*
Memphis, in the State of Tennessee; Charlesiowri, in the
State ot Massachusetts •> and one al such point on the Jakes
as the Secretary of the Navy may direct.
I can look upon this bill in no other light than
as a distribution of #3 ,000,000 of the public money;
and if there is to be such a distribution, I hope
that it may be extended all over the United Stfetes,
and not be confined to one or two places—Norfolk,
in Virginia, and  ' :
Mr. BOCOCK. I should like to have the gen-
tleman tell us how this distribution of money is to
be made at Norfolk?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 do not know that
there is anything in the bill like making an appro-
priation for Norfolk, Virginia.
Mr. COBB. Have you got a navy-yard there?
Mr. BAYLY. We have got a navy-yard there.
I undertake to say, from pretty accurate knowledge
upon the subject, that vessels are built cheaper at
Norfolk than anywhere else in the country. In
this connection, I desireto say a word about this
building of ships by contract. All our vessels are
built by contract, and there is nothing about them
which is not done by contract, even down to the
wages of men who are employed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Henn's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I move to strike out all in the
first section after the word " service,"in the eighth
line, and insert the following:
That one or more of said vessels and machinery shall be
built by contract with three separate individuals or firms,
under such stipulations and restrictions as the Secretary of
the Navy may deem liest calculated to subserve the public
interests, and the residue in the Government navy-yards.
I do not know, but it may be regarded as a
piece of unpardonable presumption in any one
who shall undertake to amend this bill in any
manner. Prom the promptness with which the
members of this committee, and particularly my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Bocock,] have objected to every
amendment that has been offered, it would seem
that we are speaking to a foregone conclusion on
this subject.
I have heard, Mr. Chairman, of the perfection
o'f the ten commandments; I have heard of the per-
fection of the five, orders of architecture; I have
heard of the perfection of the Apollo Belvidere;
I have heard of perfection in many other ways;
but never till now have I heard of anything like
perfection in a bill. This bill, sir, before thecom-
mittee is very brief; and from the manner in which
it is drawn up, it is evident that the question was
discussed before the Committee on Naval Affairs
as to whether a portion of these vessels should be
given out to private contract, and the balance of
them built in the public navy-yards. It is evident
that this question was discussed in the commit-
tee, in accordance with the well-known public
sentiment that exists outside of this House. And,
Mr. Chairman, if any such intention was really
entertained by the committee, I can see no objec-
tion in instructing, by a vote of this House, the
Secretary of the Navy that one, at least, of these
ships shall be built by private contract.
Sir, I, for one, will not enter into any sweeping
and wholesale denunciation of what has been
termed the " Old Fogyism" of the Navy. I pre-
sume we will all be old, one of these days; and if,
when we do become aged, we can look back with
the same pride on our public life which many|>f
those who are now called "Old Fogies," whether
in the Army or Navy of the country, or in .the
councils of the nation, can, we will leave no re-
grets forour,children. But, Mr. Chairman, there
is a pride of profession which exists particularly
among oldjsoldiersand old saifors. There is a pride
of profession known among lawyers, physicians,
and almost all men belonging to exclusive pro-
fessions, which makes them cling "with perli-
