1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the Committee on Roads and Canals is or-
ganized for the express purpose of taking charge
of this class of subjects.
I have not inquired into the composition of that
committee, nor into the probable composition of
the select committee proposed to be raised. It is
enough for me to know that a standing committee
of the Senate is charged with the general duty of
considering propositions of this nature. There
ought to be some special reason for withdrawing
this particular proposition from it, if it is to be
withdrawn. I see no reason at present for such
a course
Already, through the State of Missouri, a road,
which may become a portion of the great railroad
to the Pacific, is in process of construction; another
road is contemplated, if not already commenced,
through the State of Arkansas; another, still,
through the State of Iowa. Bills granting lands
in aid of all these roads have been referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Some of these bills
have become laws. It was not thought necessary
to raise a select committee to take into considera-
tion any one of them. The Senator from Califor-
nia himself has, at this session, proposed a grant
of public lands in aid of a railroad and branches
from the State of California, designed to connect
with the great railroad, and that, too, was referred
to the standing Committee on Public Lands.
Why, then, should not this inquiry, which con-
templates nothing more nor less than a territorial
road, be referred to a standing committee? I can
see no reason for a departure from the ordinary
practice.
It will be remembered by Senators that, at the
last session, a select committee was raised for the
purpose of taking into consideration the Pacific
railroad bill. That committee sat, considered, and
reported a bill. The bill which was reported failed.
The initiatory measures under which the explora-
tions and surveys, preparatory to the action of
Congress upon the subject of that road are now
going on, originated with the Committee on Roads
and Canals. The only measure which has thus
far passed this body, and received the favorable
consideration of Congress, originated there. I re-
ported it myself. That committee, therefore, has
had the subject under its charge, and I see no
reason now for withdrawing it from their jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper, Mr. President,
I think, that I, as chairman of the Committee on
Roads and Canals, should claim for that commit-
tee what really belongs to it. As my friend from
Ohio has properly said, the object for which that
committee was raised, is to decide questions in ref-
erence to such objects as the one now before us;
and if there is any proposition which could legiti-
mately be referred to it, I think it is just such a
one as is now before the Senate. I have not here-
tofore claimed for that committee that which I felt
belonged to it, for the reason, that on several oc-
casions the Committee on Public Lands was anx-
ious to take charge of the subjects. At the last
session, the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads seemed anxious to consider what 1 thought
properly belonged to that committee. In addition to
this, I have had a great deal of other business to
attend to in connection with my duties here, and I
felt rather disposed to avoid the labor which would
result from taking charge of such subjects, if
others could do it better.
If it is the pleasure of the Senate to refer this
proposition to a select committee, I do not object;
but, if it is to be referred to one of the standing
committees of the body, then I claim it for the
Committee on Roads and Canals. It does not be-
long either to the Committee on Public Lands or
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Every proposition, having for its object the ap-
propriation either of money or of land to make a
railroad or a canal, belongs to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. I have not insisted upon the
reference of this subject to that committee, for the
reason that I am perhaps a little more stringent in
my views, a little more conservative, than the ma-
jority of the members of this body. I know that
the honorable Senator from California takes a deep
interest in this matter. I have talked with him ;
and compared notes with him, and I doubt whether I
I can go for his proposition in the shape in which '
he desires it to pass. It is a question which in-
volves the expenditures of money and land—if it
is the pleasure of Congress to appropriate money
for such objects—to a great extent. Every section
of the Union may, with propriety, claim an in-
terest in it, and it is only by enlarging the com-
mittee as the Senator proposes, to nine members,
that every section of the Union could have a voice
in framing the measure.
As I have said before, if it be the pleasure of the
Senate to organize a select committee of nine—
that is the number, I believe, which the Senator
from California suggests—for the purpose of repre-
senting every interest, and harmonizing conflict-
ing opinions, upon the subject—if that can be done
more effectually in that manner, than by referring
the subject to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
I shall not object; but I repeat, if it is to go to
a standing committee, I hope the Senate w,ill refer
it where it properly belongs—to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. SEWARD. I submitted the bill the other
day to which the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia refers, for the construction of a railroad from
the western border of the Atlantic States through
the Territories of the United States. I was em-
barrassed at the time by the question as to which
committee it should be referred to. I remembered
that at the last session of Congress there was a
similar bill referred to a select committee, and I
remembered, with pride and satisfaction, the
ability with which that committee discharged its
duties. I should have been glad to have had the
bill which I introduced referred to such a com-
mittee, if it had existed. As there was none, I
knew none more appropriate to which to send the
bill than the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. 1 am aware that there will be many dif-
ferent plans presented; I trust we shall have a
great many, and that out of all of them, by a
comparison, we shall be able to obtain one that
will receive the favor of this body, and the favor
of Congress.
I would only add, that it seems to me that the
precedent set at the last session is one which is
worthy to be followed during the present session;
and it is my desire that the bill which I have had
the honor to submit shall be taken from the com-
mittee to which it was referred, and referred to one
which shall have charge of all the plans that may
be presented, and that we may have a report which
will represent all the different interests of different
sections of the Union. I quite concur, therefore, in
the proposition of the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I think the course that the
debate has taken demonstrates the necessity of the
organization of a select committee. My friend
from Indiana claims that this subject properly be-
longs to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
There is a great difference of opinion as to what
committee the subject should be referred. It is
because of that difference of opinion that it seems
to me to be absolutely indispensable that a select
committee be appointed, to which all the plans
which may be submitted to the Senate could be
properly referred. I am in favor, therefore, of
amending the proposition submitted by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, and of changing the prop-
osition of my colleague as it now stands before
the Senate, so as not only to refer the President's
message, but all bills and all memorials upon the
subject, and everything connected therewith, to
the same committee.
Mr. President, this is a subject upon which a
deep interest is felt, not only here, but throughout
the country. Each one may be wedded to some
particular scheme; but in order to get any one bill
in a substantial form before the Senate, proposing
a practicable plan for the construction of a rail-
road, the organization of a select committee, is, as
I have alieady said, indispensable. At the last
session of Congress you raised a select committee,
that committee labored assiduously in the dis-
charge of the duty imposed upon them. They
presented a plan for the construction of the Pacific
Railroad, to which I could not give my support.
Notwithstanding my exceeding anxiety for the
construction of that road, and notwithstanding I
regard it as essential to the perpetuity of the Union,
and to the prosperity and happiness of that sec-
tion of the country from whence I come, that bill,
which was the result of the labor of that com-
mittee, presented such features as could not receive
the sanction of my vote. But I have no doubt
that a committee can be organized st this session,
with all the light and experience that they are now
enabled to command, which can present such a
scheme as will secure, not only the votes of a ma-
jority of this body, but a majority of the other
branch of Congress.
The proposition before us, as it now stands,
simply proposes to refer so much of the Presi-
dent's message as alludes to this subject to a
select committee. That is a proper subject, I be-
lieve, for a select committee to investigate, be-
cause there is a difference of opinion here, as well
as in the country, as to the proper construction to
be given to that portion of the President's mes-
sage. Whether he ifuui favor of such a plan as
would meet the apprJBI of my judgment I know
not. At all events, let us send this subject to a
select committee, and after they have presented a
scheme we shall be enabled to perfect it in such a
way as to command the votes of every friend of
the measure. I have no plan of my own. I
have no favorite route; I care not at what point
you begin. If you will only give me a plan
within the limits of the Federal Constitution, that
plan shall receive my support. I do not now de-
sire to enter into the discussion of this important
question; the time for that discussion has not yet
arrived; but when it is presented I will undertake
to demonstrate that not only the commercial and
the political prosperity of this country, but the
absolute perpetuity of the Union, demand the
construction of the road. Sir, I am not an alarm-
ist. I do not belong to that class of men who see
danger afar off; but I know that unless there be a
more intimate communion between the far West
and the East, and unless you bind our interests
more closely together—unless you make us, who
stand upon the Pacific ocean, feel that we are a
part and parcel of the American family—it will be
utterly impossible to preserve this Union.
Now, sir, in regard to a question of this mag-
nitude, which affects interests that lie at the very
foundation of your Government, is it not a proper
subject to refer to a select committee, a committee
selected, if you choose', by this body, who shall ex-
amine all the plans submitted, and be enabled to
present such a scheme as will command a success-
ful vote in this and theother-branch ofCongress?
Mr. G WIN. In accordance with the sugges-
tion of my colleague in regard to referring all bills
upon the subject to the select committee, I will
modify my amendment so that it shall read as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message and
accompanying documents as refer to the subject of a na-
tional railroad from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
ocean, be referierl to a select committee of ■ mentbeis.
Resolved, further, That the committees to whom the
several bills and papers relating to the subject have been
referred, lie disohaiged fioin the further consideration of the
same, and that they be also refeired to said select committee.
Mr. PRATT. The subject of this resolution
is one of immense importance and general interest.
I believe that a large majority of the people of the
United States are in favor of the construction of a
road, but the great difficulty has been, and will be,
to ascertain how that rotid is to be constructed.
In bringing my own mind to a correct conclusion
as to whether the subject should be referred to a
standing committee, or a select committee, I am
embarrassed by this consideration. It isproposed
to refer that part of the President's message which
relates to the subject. I confess I have read with
that desire to understand, which every member of
the Senate ought to do, the message of the Execu-
tive of the country, and I equally confess my
utter inability to decide what the opinion of the
President of the United States is in reference to
the powers of this Government over the subject
of the resolution. My honorable friend from Ohio,
' [Mr. Chase,] who has spoken on the subject, is a
member of one of the standing committees—that
on roads and canals. If he can enlighten the
Senate, if he can tell us what is the opinion of
that standing committee as to the opinions of the
President in regard to the powers of this Govern-
ment over the subject-matter of the resolution,
and they are favorable to the construction of the
road, I should prefer that the resolution go to that
standing committee. If my friend from Michigan,
1 [Mr. Cass,] who may be supposed to be much
I better acquainted with the opinions of the Presi-
i dent, has come to a conclusion as to the powers
| which he supposes to exist, I should be glad to
hear from him.
I It must be apparent, that if we cannot get from
| the standing committee what may be their opin-
I ions, the proposition of my friend from California
