1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ief&
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the amendment of t^e gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,]
which is to strike out the appropriation of $100
in the amendment, and insert in lieu thereof
$102,400.
Mr. RICHARDSON took the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Illinois that debate is not in
order on the proposition now before the committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to explain re-
marks made by me yesterday. It will take but
half a minute.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to allow me to
make the explanation I desire.
General assent was expressed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I misunderstood the
extent of the remarks of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Jones] on yesterday. The extent to
which the doctrine of Mr. Madison went to which
I referred, was this: That the Government could
not construct works of improvement inside of a
State without the consent of the State.
Mr. LETCHER. I beg leave to remark, that
that proves conclusively we have one more Dem-
ocrat among us. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, o'f Illinois, took'the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentleman
from Illinois yield me the floor for a moment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
inform gentlemen that debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I ask th.e unanimous consent of
the House to make a single remark.
General assent was expressed.
Mr. JONES. I merely desire to state, that
what I meant to say yesterday, was precisely what
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] has
stated this morning-. It was, that when the Gen-
eral Government has power to make internal im-
provements in a State—and I believe it has, in
some cases—it should certainly make them with
the consent of the State,
Mr. LETCHKR. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment; which was read, as follows:
For continuing the improvements on the raft on Red
river, $100. J3nd be it further enactcd, That the joint res-
olution entitled "Absolution explanatory of the act ap-
prnpriaiingmoney for the removal ot the raft on Red river,"
approved January 7,1853, bo, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed; sud that the Secretary of the Department of War
be authorized to expend the appropriation m reference to
the Red river raft in such a way, and for such purposes, as
he may approve, having in view the improvement of the
navigation ol' *>aid river in and around the said raft.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cox, were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 42; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called, the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman of the committeereported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 392, and having found itself without a quo-
rum, had ordered the roll to be called, and direct-
ed him to report the facts to the House, together
with the names of the absentees.
The following is the list of absentees:
Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bai-
ley, Ball, Bell, Benton, Bi^ell, Bocock, Breckinridge,
Caskie, Chase, Chastain, Chrtsman, Clingman, Cook, Cul-
lom, (Jumming, Curtis, Dawson, Dent, De Witt, Dowdell,
Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Elhendge, Ewmg, Faulkner,
Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood,
Grey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Hendricks, Hunt,
George W. Jones., J. Glancy Jones, Kmtz, Lane, I^on,
McNair, Mace, Maxwell, M^acham, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Peck, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Pnngle, Bid-
die, Simmons, Singleton, William R. gmith. Alexander If.
Stephens, Tracy, Walbridge, Wairen, Witte. and IJendriek
B. Wright.
One hundred and sixty-eight members having
answered to their names, the House again resolved
itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. McMullin in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the river and harbor
bill j the pending question being upon the adoption [
of the amendment offered by Mr. Jones, of Louis-
iana, upon which tellers had been ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to inquire whether it is
in order to offer a substitute for the pending
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment; and the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes 59.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the fifteenth line of the bill.
The CHAPMAN. That part of the bill has
been passed, and it is not now in order to revert.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I thought that it was in
order to amend any portion of a section before we
have passed to the section succeeding.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to turn
back to amend any portion of the bill which has
been passed. The Clerk is reading the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move an addition to
the section, as follows:
For the improvement of the Des Moines rapids, in the
Mississippi river, $232,00U.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there in existence any
law authorizing the appropriation?
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is. In the bill
now under consideration there is an appropria-
tion of $18,000 for the same improvement. 1 wish
the appropriation to be increased to the estimates
of the Department.
The CHAIRMAN. In what portion of the bill
is th% $18,000 appropriation ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In the twelfth and thir-
teenth lines.
The CHAIRMAN. That portion of the bill
having been passed, the amendment is not in
ord er.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Chair misappre-
hends my motion. I do not move to strike out
the $18,000 appropriation, but only to add to the
section an appropriation for the improvement of
the Des, Moines rapids of $233,000
The "CHAIRMAN. The Chair will confine
gentlemen, in submitting amendments, strictly to
the provisions of the rule.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I shall not go outside
of the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the propositien of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I offer, then, the fol-
lowing amendment:
For continuing the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi river, $332,000.
1 understand it was the avowed purpose of the
committee to report such appropriations as the
Department and officers in charge of the works
recommend for the continuation of those works.
The officers in charge of the work in question es-
timate the amount necessary for its completion
at $250,000. I ask theattention of the committee
while I read an extract from the report of Colonel
Long, who, I believe, is the officer in charge of
this work. It is to be found in the third part of
the message and accompanying documents for
1853 and 1854:
The cost or improving the Dea Moines rapids by the
adoption of the method of sluice navigation, as estimated
by Colonel Lee, is as follows, viz :
Blasting and removing 94,811 cubic yards of rock, at
$191,622.
I am inclined to think that the estimated quantity just
stated, somewhat short of the amount required for a sluice
having a clear width ot 200 feet, and would accordingly as-
sume for the amount in round numbers, excavation required,
100,000 cubic yards, which would give for the probable cost
of the work of blasting, &c., at $2 per cubic yard,
§200,000
To which should be added, on acccount of hin-
drances and unavoidable interruptions, including
buoys, chains, anchors, &c., at least twenty-five
per cent., viz    50,000
I desire to *ay that it is utterly impossible to
benefit the navigation of that portion of the river
by an appropriation of $18,000. If the Govern-
ment is to make the improvement so as to benefit
the navigation of the river at that point, they
ought to have the money asked by the officer hav-
ing the work in charge. 1 do not undertake, nor
shall I undertake, to say, that §25,000 will com-
plete the work; but, unless we have that amount,
the officers in charge of the work can do but little
good there. I
Mr. WENTWORTH. Page 228 gives the
entire estimate as my colleague gives it. But if
you turn to the 220th page, you will there find
what the Department thought necessary for-a
single year. In that page the Department cabs'*
for $ 18,000 for this purpose. 'f
Mr. HENN. 1 wish to ask the gentleman from
Illinois, whether or not that estimate of-$18,000
contemplated working only on one place at the
rapids, and whether it is not competent for the-"
engineer to work at half a dozen or a dozen places;,
at the same time?
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is left entirely to
the discretion of the Secretary of War ar)d the
engineer. The work'was begun under one Ad-
ministration, and we propose to complete it under
this Administration. It is understood that the
topographical corps does not belong to any politi-
cal party, or to any local party, and they nave no
object in view except to carry out the services
confided to them.
Mr. HENN. That is not the point to which
I wished to call the attention of the gentleman
from Illinois. It is this: that if a sufficientamount
be appropriated the work can be carried on along
the whole line of the obstructions, and thereby
the work can be performed in one year instead of
its consuming ten years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to amend the amendment of my colleague, as fol-
lows: #
Provided, That said sum shall be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, in prosecuting said im-
provement according to the plan of Colonel R. E. Lee.
When I was cut off in my remarks yesterday,
I said 1 should move to increase the appropria-
tion for the rapids in the upper Mississippi river,
and I now desire to explain to the committee the
precise situation of matters connected with this
work. The first appropriation under which the
survey of these rapids was made, was made in
1837. The survey was made by Colonel Lee,
one of the most accomplished engineers in the
United States service. He prepared his plans and
made his estimates, and in an official document,
which I hold here, he made a report which was
approved by the engineering department of the
Government for the improvement of the Pes'
Moines and Rock Island rapids. His estimates,
prepared after a most thorough survey, are put
down in his report which I have before me. He
estimated §189,000 as the sum necessary to im-
prove the Des Moines rapids, and $154,000 for
the Rock River rapids, according to his plans and
survey.
This report has never been called in question;
these estimates have never been invalidated, but
the work has not been done as the engineer pro-
posed it should be done. Two years ago there
was an appropriation of $100,000 made for the
improvement of both these rapids. That appro-
priation, as I stated yesterday, has been partially .
frittered away by a resurvey. One third of it—
§33,000—as shown by the report here, has al-
ready been spent, for what purpose I know not',
leaving §06,000 to be expended.
Now, my colleague (Mr. Richardson] has re-
ferred to the estimate of one of the officers of the
Government—an engineer—showingthatthis plan
of Colonel X^ee should be adopted; and showing the
amount that Congress should appropriate for the
accomplishmentofthis object. My other colleague -
[Mr. Wentworth] states here, in opposition to
this, that there is another part of the report which
j calls for the appropriation of $18,000. That ap-
' propriation of $18,000, sir, I contend, is utterly
inadequate to any useful purpose as connected
with the completion of the work in accordance
with the original estimates, and in accordance
with what common justice demands should be
done, but it is forthe purpose of making these new-
surveys which, I believe, are useless, and which
may defeat the objects of the appropriation. We
have surveys here made by accomplished men;
and we have appropriations here recommended
to us very recently, find by competent authority,
and why not adopt them ?
But let me say, as 1 said yesterday, that this plan
of Colonel Lee is pronounced by all thesteamboat
men upon the liver as the best which can be
adopted. I have in my hands a letter from one of
the most experienced navigators upon that river,
going to show that it should be adopted-. His
letter is as follows:
