1688.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Gai.ena, Illinois, December 12,1853.
Dear Sir : In answer-to your inquiries in relation to the
improvement tffthe rapids of the Mississippi, I can only say,
that I know of no feasible plan other than that reported by
Lieutenant, now Major R. E. Lee, to General Gratiot, Chief
Engineer United States Army, in 1838. It is comprised in
a report of the Secretary of War, Senate Document, No.
139, of the Twenty-Fifth Congress, second session. Five
years constant employment, in all stages of water, over this
part of our river, has confirmed me in the opinion, that it
is the only mode by which efficientand permanent" im-
provements" can be made. There is not a single change
from the plans submitted by Major Lee that I could sug-
gest. The channel requires the same work now that it did
then. There has been no change, or likely to be for the
next fifty yeprs, as on both rapids the river flows over a
bed of limestone, cut up into pools. No better idea or de-
scription of the nature of the obstructions, or what work is
necessary to remove them, can be found than m Major
Lee's details and maps. The improvements, if made as he
has suggested, would place as great a depth of water over
the channel as has been over many of the sand-bars above
and below them ibis season, s=ay four feet. The surveys
made this year are generally looked upon as being as use
less as a resurvey of the Capitol would be, in order that
members might ascertain iis location. Tune and money
both wasted—cuihono. It has always seemed to me, that
the plan of operating on both rapids at the same time, was in-
judicious. The character of the work, submarine blasting,
removing the debris, boulders, &c., being the same, similar
boats, mateiials, tools, &e. are required; consequently
double the expense would be incurred in thus opeiating,
and the ultimate loss to the Government or contractor, alter
the completion of the work, (which, if prosecuted in ac-
cordance with Lee's plan, would be permanent, requiring
no repairs or alterations,) would be m the sale or disposal
of two sets of boats, & c., instead of one. And should the
Department persist in its pie^ent course, and attempt to
operate by contract, would, as you will readily perceive,
greatly increase the expense. We cannot expect to see
much greater progress made than has been effected in the
pMt two seasons. Unless the Department determines to
take the work in hand, and place it under charge of some
efficient officer of the engineer, or some competent civil
ian, I do not believe much more will be done than what
has already been accomph.-hed—-defining the position of
rocks and chains, the locality ot which we are perfectly
familiar with. If Major Lee, for instance, could be placed
in charge of these improvements f believe they would be
more effectually and economically prosecuted tlinn by
adopting any other course. I name Majot Lee, (having no
personal acquaintance with him,) as, in my opinion, far
better acquainted with the character of the obstructions,
and the requisite means to be taken to remove them, than
any other olficcr. It has ever been my opinion, that oper-
ations should be commenced on the upper or Ilock Maud
rapids, for the following icasons: It will require a much
shorter time to improve them; the "chains" are shorter,
and the average of water deeper, there being generally
twelve inche* more water in the upper than in that of the
lower rapids.
From this btate of tilings arises the fact that there are no
facilities, other than tho^e ined by the steamboat and be-
longing to her used in transporting freight, consequently
any steamboat freighting from a poit above them can onlv
transport the quantity of cargo in her hull and barges as will
permit her safely to cross them. Hut so soon as she arrives
at Rock Island or Davenport she can then commence taking
in additional cargo,and frequently to a much laigcramount
then all she eould crosa the rapids with, and after taktngin
a/uM load proceeds on to Montrose on the head ol the
lower rapids, the master being well assured that he will
find a sufficient number ot '-'raj.ids lighters"" to transmit
his whole cargo to Keokuk. Should the water be so
low on the " rocA-* so as to prevent him ciossing
with his steamboat, he can reship his freight and send lor-
ward his passengers to St. Louis on boats that are engaged
in the " Keokuk trade." Now, applv this state of facts to
freight destined for ports above St. Clair, (head of upper
rapids,) f ay a large part of Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, and
all of Minnesota, and what is the result? A steamboat
cannot take m for any port in the sseciion above named,
a larger quantity of freight than she is enabled to cross the
upper rapids with, altho'ugh thu  may not be one fourth of
her actual capacity, while on the lower rapids from facili-
ties there offered, she has parsed over to her all she can
swim under, and which she may transport to the foot of the
Rock Island rapids. Here, if «.he ha«< more freight for ports
above than she is enabled to go over with, she must either
" double trip it," or store her fieight. The lemovmg ol the
obstructions on the upper rapids would open up tor u& un-
interrupted navigation fiom Montrose to St. Anthony, a
distance of six hundred miles, whereas now a boat cannot
transport her full tonnage but one hundred and fifty miles,
say from Montiotie to Davenport, and from thence to St.
Anthony, four hundred and fifty miles, she can only
transport the quantity she can u go over " the tipper rapids
with. You are, however, too familiar with all these facts
for me to enlarge upon them, and give in detail all the in-
conveniences that we who reside above the rapids aie sub-
jected to. Any person famihai with (he commercial usages
of the country above the lapids, is aware that " I have as
much freight as I can cross the rapids with,"is a sufficient
aud valid reason for not taking lreight, although it might be
in a situation where it would be totally lost or destroyed
were it not shipped upon the boat then "refusing" it for this
sole reason. It is estimated, (and I think it not high,) that
no less than §15,000 has been losst during the present season
by sinking, grounding, and detention of boats. On the
upper rapids last year, I should think .$'20,000 would not
more than cover the Josses. When I assure vou that thirty
dollars per ton has been paid on merchandise from St.
Louis to Galena this fall, which, had the rapids been im-
proved, would have been transported for from eight to ten
dollars, you can readily understand that it is a "matter of
some importance to the whole country above the rapids to
see this work progressing, the obstructions removed, and
a free highway opened up to a southern market for our
products at a cost for transportation of something less than
its full market value.
Yours, respectfully, E. H. BEEBE.
Hon. E. B. Washb-urne, Washington City.
Now, sir, unless we go forward and make this
improvement, every dollar which has been here-
tofore expended may be wasted and frittered
away in the manner I have suggested, by new
experiments and resurveys. Let us make this
appropriation, as estimated for by Colonel Long,
and that, according to the proviso jwhich I have
sent to the Clerk's uesk, this work shall be done
according to the plan of Colonel Lee*and then we
will have an improvement so long neglected and
which the interests of the West and of the whole
country imperatively demand.
Mr. EASTMAN. In reference to the expen-
diture of this money, I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if there has been a single rock
removed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
answer the gentleman by stating what 1 yester-
day said on this floor, that not a single rock has
been removed from the channel, nor a single ob-
struction taken away.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I will only
say, in reply to the remarks of my colleague, that
if we adopt the course he proposes, in order to do
justice to every other work in this bill, we should
go back and revise the whole estimates, and all
the appropriations; and add to them the total
amount of all the works in this bill, so as to com-
plete them all in one single year. The same
argument, which the gentleman uses in reference
to this work, in which I feel as much interest as
my colleague does, will equally apply to every
item in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does not the gentle-
man know that this amount of money can be
expended in one season, and that every dollar
of it should be expended in one season? Does
he not know that there is no use in going to
great expense in obtaining machinery suitable
and necessary for this work, one year, and letting
it rot down, before another appropriation can be
made by another Congress? Why not make the
whole appropriation now, while it is wanted,and
not render it necessary to come and ask for
another appropriation ?
Mr. WENTWORTI-I. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question by asking another. Why not give
at once, for the improvement of the whole Missis-
sippi river, all the money that is necessary for that
purpose? Do it now, the gentleman would say,
and not come to Congress again, asking appropri-
ations for that great river. Why not take all the
harbors, and finish them now, this year? The
same argument applies to the one case that is ap-
plicable to the other. That is all I have to say.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wash-
burnis's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed fo.
The question recurred upon Mr. Richardson's
amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reduce the amount
contained in the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to one dollar.
I think, sir, after the vote just taken, that it is
evident the House will not adopt the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois. But I take this
occasion to say a word or two in relation to this
bill, and the general system of appropriations
embodied in it. As a member of the Committee
on Commerce which reported this bill, it is per-
haps my duty to do so. I do not mean to present
any constitutional difficulties. That would be but
a waste of ammunition. But I do desire to call
the attention of the committee, and of the whole
public, if I could, to some of the details—the
objects sought to be accomplished by this bill.
Really, sir, it would seem to be a scheme by
which men undertake to remedy the imperfections
of Providence. Every little stream cannot be con-
verted into a wide and deep river. Every little
town cannot become a great commercial emporium.
But, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] in urging his amendment, asked, why
not appropriate the whole amount estimated by
the Department ? The gentleman seems to have
fallen into two errors. No larger amount has been
asked for as proper to be appropriated at this
time than that stated in the bill; and, in the next
place, the Department has made no estimates upon
the subject.
This bill iS not founded upon any estimates
submitted to us by th£ Administration. Let the
friends of the Administration remember that, in
voting for this bill, they cannot shelter themselves
under any recommendation from the Department.
I repeat, that the Secretary of War has submitted
no estimates for river and harbor improvements.
It is true that certain officers in charge of these
improvements have made certain reports to the
War Department, and that these reports have
been transmitted to this House by the Secretary
of War. But the Administration have asked no
appropriation for river and harbor improvements;
nor has the Department sent any estimates of its
own for that purpose. We have nothing before
us but the reports of the officers in charge of these
works. And yet gentlemen constantly refer to
them as the estimates of the Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Virginia to say that the
Department has sent us no estimates for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors?
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman understands
me correctly.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I would suggest
that if these are not authorized estimates of the
Department, we have nothing but the reports of
those officers to depend on, and that we had better
judge for ourselves what appropriations are ne-
cessary to accomplish the objects of this bill.
Mr. MILLSON. It is true that these officers
estimate the whole cost of this work at §250,000,
but they do not recommend that this whole amount
should be appropriated at once. All they suggest
as proper to be spent on this work during the
coming year is $18,000. This bill would swell to
most enormous proportions, if the whole sum
necessary to complete each of the works for which
appropriations are asked should be voted at once.
But, sir, my chief object was to show how many
of these appropriations had grown from very small
beginnings, and how utterly disproportioned are
the vast sums now ascertained to be necessary for
the' completion of the work to the insignificant
amounts first granted. But my time has so nearly
expired that I cannot now do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. The honorable gentleman
from Virginia threatens us again with the Admin-
istration. He notifies this House that if they
make these appropriations, they will place them-
selves in conflict with the position assumed by the
President.
Mr. MILLSON. I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, the gentleman
said that we need not expect to shelter ourselves
under the authority of the Administration. Now,
I think we have had enough of intimations of this
kind; from time to time threats have been thrown
out of Executive vetoes. Sir, I deem it the duty
of this House to do its legislation without being
influenced by thefear of vetoes, and without being
controlled in any way by any objections of the
White House.
The first question for us to decide is, whether
these improvements are necessary. Ought they
to bemade? Secondly, we should inquire what
amounts of money, under all the circumstances
surrounding the case, ought to be appropriated
now. Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is
the amount which has been estimated as necessary
to complete the work of clearing out the rapids in
the Mississippi for eighteen miles in length, so as
to make a channel two hundred feet wide, of a
sufficient depth to answer the purposes of navi-
gation. This is the amount estimated by the
Department.
But it is intimated by a gentleman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce that you cannot expend more
than $18,000. By what authority does the gen-
tleman assume that you cannot expend more than
$18,000 on the rapids, which are eighteen miles in
length ?
Now, as to the matter of economy. Does the
gentleman undertake to say that if he wanted to
construct a house, and had plenty of money to do
it, that if it were important to have a place in
which he and his family could reside, he would
begin by this year putting out money enough to dig
the cellar and build the foundation walls, then the
next year get the materials on the ground, and
allow three, four, five, or six years to go by be-
