830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
nacious pertinacity " to the past, and look with a
great deal of caution, if not with absolute abhor-
rence, on everything m the shape of innovation.
Sir, there is no gentleman within the range of
my voice that has not heaid with pride and grati-
fication the history of the triumphs achieved by
our mail steamers on the ocean. There is not a
man or boy from one end of this land to the other
whose heart did not palpitate with joy when he
heard that the work of a young man of genius,
an humble mechanic, unaided, had overshadowed
and sunk into nothingness everything in the shape
of competition, by the triumph of the yacht Amer-
ica in Europe.
Sir, it is absolutely necessary, in my opinion,
that some of these vessels should be built by con-
tract with private individuals. lam in favor of
the passage of this bill; but I trust that the com-
mittee w ill at least offer no objection to the amend-
ment I have introduced. I have full confidence m
the ability of the Secretary of the Navy. I have
full confidence m his honor and integrity. And 1
know that if lie is instructed by a vote of this
House to give one of these vessels out to piivate
c-.ntract he will have no difficulty in carrying out
what he is directed, and selecting a proper man
for the work. And I have no hesitation in be-
lieving that that man—if there is to be but one of
them—will be George Steers, the builder of the
yacht America—a man whom I feel personally
interested in. 1 am free toadmit that I have been
written to by numbers of young mechanics,
urging that the genius of American mechanics
shall be vindicated in tl^ person of that man who
might be fitly termed the Napoleon of American
naval architecture.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The point made
by the gentleman from New York who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. Walsh] , is really one^n which
1 feel a cjieat deal of inteie.st, and that is, theu^i
of building these naval vessels by contract. As I
stated a lew moments ago, they are now built by
contract. There is not an at tide which enters
into their construction which is not bought by
contract. The only question is, whether you will
contract for the entire construction as such, or for
ce  tain specified portions. Thatisall. The point
made by the gentleman from New York is in rela-
tion to the character of the naval construction.
The point of difficulty which he makes does not
at all gtow out of the fact that these vessels are
built by the Government, but out of the fact that
the naval contractor are not as skillful as some
unknown mechanics. Now, I am in favor of
employing those first-rate architects in the nnvy-
yaids, and I am opposed to the system of letting
out the buildmg of national vessels to private ship-
yauls, for such a couise has hitherto proved an
utter failuie. There hns not been a single casein
which a ship has been built by contract, and veiy
few, if any, cases where they have been bought
ui open market, which have not proved to be fail-
uies.
Mr. WALSri. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me a single remark ? *
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. WALSH. They nave proved failures for
the very reason that they have not been given to
men who had established a reputation in the busi-
ness, but. have been given to men who have vio-
lated every solitary provision of the contract.
Mr. BAYLY. Thegentlemnn could not have
supplied me with a more conclusive argument
against his proposition than the one he has just
advanced. We all know the difficulties of carry-
ing out these Government contracts. It is almost
impossible to avoid departures from the precise
terms of a contract. And therein lies my objec-
tion to them. If any gentleman will point to me
a case where the Government, in undertaking to
do anything m this way, has not been the loser, I
will surrender the point.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Walsh, it was put,and theamend-
-■ment was not agreed to.
Mr. MATTESQN. I move to strike out of
the first section the words, '-said vessels and ma-
chinery to be built by contract, or in the Govern-
ment navy-yards, <is the Secretary of the Navy
may think m^t advisable for the public interest,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the amendment which
1 send to the Chair, ns separate sections.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a point of
order. We have passed from the first section,
and tne amendment is therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is still con-
sidering the first section, and the amendment is in
order at this point.
The amendment offered by Mr. Matteson was
then read in part, but th° reading was arrested
upon a point of order. The amendment was ac-
cordingly withdrawn, but was subsequently of-
fered again, and will be found on page 832.
Mr. ORR. 1 move to strike out of the eighth
line of the first section the words, " by contract,
or," and m the ninth and tenth lines the words,
"as the Secretary of the Navy may think most
advisable for the public interest;" so that the sec-
tion would then read:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, anil he is hereby, -
authorised to cause to he constructed lor the United States ,
Navy, at as eaily a day as piaeticable, con-istemly with a 1
due regard toi economy and elhciency, six lir&t clas^ steam I
frigates to !>o piovid.-d with f=ercw products, and properly
armed and equipped tor service; said vesselsand machinery
to he built ni the Government navy-yaids."
I move this amendment for the purpose of re-
quiring these Government vessels to be built at |
the proper place—at the Government navy-yards. !
We have erected these yards, and fitted them up |
with every convenience for ship building. They i
ate now in a condition to proceed with the work. ]
1'hey have large supplies of timber already on !
I and, and there will be none of the inconvenience ;
< delay which will result from authorizing the !
Secretary of the Navy to build them by contract. |
i have, however, another view of tins matter, i
which 1 regard as more important even than ;
that 1 have named. I think every one acquainted j
with the facts will agree with me that the expen- !
enceof this Government proves most conclusively
that those vessels which have been built in our j
navy-ya! ds have proved much more duiable, much j
moie substantial ami sea-worthy, than those con- ;
structed by private contract. !
I do not concur in the opinion expressed by the \
gentleman from New York [Mr. Walsi-i] in ;
reference to this matter; butl do concur most fully i
in the opinions expressed by my friend from Vir- 1
gmia, [Mr. Bayly,] when he last addressed the
committee, as to the inefficiency of vessels built for
the Government by private contractors. But I
must confess, that when he made his first remarks
I understood him altogetherdifferently. 1 under-
stood him then to say that vessels built by contract
v ere the most durable and substantial. Theie are
s^me portion of these vessels which may very well
be built by contract. The machinery may very
well be supplied in that manner. j
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman 1
will allow meto interrupt him, I will say, that when ;
I lefened to building vessels by contract, I did not
use the word in the sense which this bill contemn- ;
plates. But while the vessels are constructed at '
the navy-yards, the materials may be furnished by >
contract. j
Mr. ORil. I understand the gentleman now, j
fi id I nm very glad I gave him an opportunity of
setting himself ught. |
Mr. GUMMING. J will say to the gentleman, j
that one of the principal materials in ship build- j
ing is hve-oak, which the Government never pur- ;
chases. !
M r. OllR. Well, sir, there is a large supply of i
hve-oak now on hand at the different navy-yards. ;
I know that to be the fact m reference to that at
Boston, and 1 think the same is true of that at j
Washington; and my impression is that there is |
a pretty Iar<rc supply at nil of them. i
Mr. BAYLY. I dislike to interrupt the gentle- '
man, but I desire to say a word in reply to a re- !
mark just made by the gentleman from New York, ,
[\lr. Gumming.] to the effect that the Government j
j never purchases its hve-oak. i am very well >
I aware of that fact, but it has to be got, and the '
j getting is done by contract. ;
: Mr. ORR. We have had several vessels built ,
; by private contract, and the result has been that 1
j they have proved not so good, not so substantial j
j and durable as those built by your navol con- ,
| structors; and in the end they cost the Govern- ;
| mont more. The universal experience of the Gov-
! ernment has been, that whenever its work lias been .
| done by contract, it has cost more in the end, .
j besides having the woik badly done. Gentlemen
j know what was the effect of having our printing
: done by contract in years gone by. ' And the same
! has been true in reference to every branch of the
service. I repeat, sir, that the vessels which have
been built by private contract are much less sub-
stantial, do not last so long, and do not serve our
purpose so well, as those built by our naval con-
structors.
Mr. BSAN. I am opposed to the amendment
 f the gentleman from South Carolina, i voted
for that of my colleague which made it peremp-
tory on the Secretary of the Navy to have at least
one of these steamers built by contract; but 1
think that it is plainly evident there are no
amendments to be adopted to the bill. As it is
now it leaves the matter discretionary with the
Secretary. That is a compromise. Those in
favor of the contract system would like this better
than that the matter should be stricken out en-
tirely. Without consuming further the time of
the committee I would express the hope that we
may speedily vote on the amendments, rise,and
report the bill to the House.
The question was put on the amendment; and,
on a division, there were—ayes 32 
Tellers were demanded, but not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was lost.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move the follow-
ing amendment, as an addition to the first section:
Provided, That one million ot the appropnaiion made
in this bill m.iv bo used tor the repairing or fitting out of
any vessels already built.
Mr. Chairman, it is known to this committee
tnnt there are many persons disposed to try ex-
periments with the vessels-of-war that we now
have. England has done it extensively. She
has fitted out some of her large vessels with the
screw propeller, and it has keen found to answer
admirably. I wish this committee to bear that
fact m mind. Well, we have ships now under
shelter, or m oidinary. If they were fitted out
with the screw propeller, we should have the
s'aim portion of our Navy ailoat at an early day;
bu t it cannot be done except by a suitable appi o~
priation. The object of the amendment to the
bill which contemplates an increase of naval steam-
ers, is to give the Secretary the power to at once
try the experiments on existing ships. Now, I
respectfully submit to the committee that it is
a wise and judicious policy, and 1 hope that the
modification will be accepted by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Bocock ]
Mr. Chairman, this is not all. There may be
some occasion for the active operation of the im-
proved vessels we contemplate. It may be neces-
sary that we should have some of these vessels
afloat at an early day; and we all know very
well that these new steam frigates cannot be got
ailoat within two yeats. In the mean time, if
emergencies arise, what is to become of us? If
you adopt the amendment, the ships-of-the-line
now in ordinary, the vessels now unfit tor ocean
service as vessels-of-war, can be made to the pur-
pose indicated. Indeed, one of the ships-of-tho-
Iine is beinji* cut down, and the expenment is to
be tried on her out of the existing appropriations.
Adopt the amendment, and we shall at once have
this improved element in our Navy.
I hope the amendment will be adopted. 1
leave it to the committee. It cannot embarrass the
bill. It will really promote its passage. It will
give to the Secretary discretion which, under the
circumstances, is necessary, and will add to the
power of our Navy, as desired.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am specifically appealed to
by my colleague to accept his amendment, and it
is for that reason, more than for the purpose of
adding anything- to what has already been said,
that I now fake the floor.
I cannot, for the life of me, see the propriety or
necessity of this amendment. The gentlemen
think they see it, I have no doubt; but what is the
necessity of it5
The first proposition made m relation to this
subject was to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to pay increased wages to seamen. I suggested
that the proper place to do that would be in the
Navy appropriation bill. Now, the proposition,
as S understand it, means the same thing, but put
in tnis form <or the purpose of getting round the-
point of order.
Mr. SMITfJ. Oh, no; not at oil.
Mr, BOCOCIC. Well, it proposes to take a
portion of the money that this bill appropriates
for the construction of new vessels, and give it to
