120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
is the correct one—that we should have as numer-
ous a committee as possible, taken from every sec-
tion of the country, that, by some possibility, we
may arrive at what may be the President's views
in regard to the powers of the Government over
the subject on which we are asked to legislate. I
shall therefore vote with the honorable Senators
from California, so that we may have as large a
committee as possible, with the view of ascertain-
ing in some way what is the opinion of the chief
Executive officer of our Government; who, at last,
may control our legislati^a upon a subject of such
momentous consequencejpl that embraced by the
resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. I am, and always have been,
opposed to all these motions to raise special com-
mittees. The regular committees of the Senate
are appointed upon the assumption that they are
competent to discharge the duties within the sphere
of the matters referred to them. It is upon the
assumption that they are not committed to this
project or that project that they are appointed.
They are not appointed in reference to their being
in favor of this system of policy or that system of
policy. They are appointed as impartial jurors;
and I must be permitted to say that a number of
gentlemen appointed from this body, I take it, will
be quite as competent, as any select committee
that could be appointed to consider the matter,
unless it is determined to have one known to be in
favor of the project.
1 know that these special committees are well
organized, and always organized with a view to
perfect the very measures referred to them. I
know it is incidental to the organization of such
committees to appoint them with a view to favor
and make an argument to the public in favor of
the very matters referred to them. A standing
c6mmittee is not supposed to be so far committed
to the subject, and generally would do justice to
it. I do not now intend to express myself upon
the general topic. It is one of great magnitude.
I have heretofore expressed my opinions freely—
though perhaps not upon the exact form in which
the subject presents, itself now—of a reference to
a standing or special committee. But this thing
of appointing special committees upon all occa-
sions, when questions of great magnitude come up,
I know is a dangerous and mischievous invasion
upon parliamentary usage.
Mr. BADGER. I have finally come to the con-
clusion to vote with the Senators from California
for a select committee; and as I had intimated to
my friends, that I should go for a reference to a
Btanding committee, and as I dislike to appear to
have changed my opinion, without giving the rea-
sons for it, I desire to state what has at last dis-
posed me to'conclude to go for a select committee.
My reason is quite different from that of the Sen-
ator from Maryland. It is not with a view to get
a large committee selected from different portions
of the Union, to endeavor to find some one that
will ascertain the views of the President, and en-
deavor to shape the measure so as to meet his
views when a bill shall be passed. My reasons
are different. The Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin,] who submits this amendment, has very
satisfactorily proved, I think, that this measure
does not belong either to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, or the Committee on Finance, or any
other of the particular committees which it was
thought worth while for him to turn his atten-
tion to.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Bright] has put in
his claim, if this subject is to go to any standing
committee, that it shall go to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Now, the Senator from Cali-
fornia has shown that while this matter refates to
a road, and therefore, so far, belongs to that com-
mittee, it embraces other subjects, which require
that it should go to the Committee on Finance,
and still others which would require its destina-
tion to another standing committee; and he pro-
poses, therefore, in order to do no injustice to
any one of these committees, which have rightful
claims upon the several parts and proportions of
the particular measure, to put them all aside, and
get a select committee. Now, sir, if it had been
the pleasure of the Senate, instead of selecting
with an invidious discrimination two or three com-
mittees, and inquiring into the propriety of referring
this measure to them, to have taken an impartial
survey of all the standing; committees of the body,
they might without difficulty have found one to
which, considering the vast magnitude and im-
portance of the measure, and the probability that
its adoption will entail a large expenditure upon
the country, upon all considerations of propriety,
this subject ought to be referred, and that is the
committee of which I have the honor to be an hum-
ble member, and of which the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] is chairman—the
Committee on Retrenchment. [Laughter.]
But our claims have been overlooked; they have
been considered, on this occasion, as unworthy of
consideration* by anybody; and, therefore, 1 tell
the honorable Senator from Indiana, that, as he
has overlooked my committee, I will go against his.
Justice and afair distribution of the businessof the
Senate, and particularly the desire that gentlemen
should have an opportunity to distinguish them-
selves upon the working committees—and such is
the committee to which I have the honor to be-
long—which, I think, should always characterize
the decisions of the Senate, require that the pe-
culiar fitness of the committee to which I have
referred should be regarded in the consideration of
this question. If the Committee on Roads and
Canals is so selfishly engrossed with claiming its
own as to overlook what properly belongs to the
honorable Senator from Mississippi and myself, I
have no alternative—reluctant as I may be to do
it—but to disregard the claims of the Committee
on Roads and Canals, and go for the organization
of a select committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHASE. In respect to the suggestion of
my honorable friend from North Carolina of the
propriety of referring this subject to the commit-
tee of which he is so excellent a member, I will
only observe, that the best foundation for it seems
to be the fact that that committee has nothing to
do.
Mr. BADGER. I beg the honorable Senator's
pardon for interrupting him, but he is entirely
mistaken. He will learn in a few days from the
Senator who is at the head of that committee that
we have been promptly engaged in the investiga-
tion of the subjects which have been referred to
us, and that we shall present the first fruits of the
labors of the Committee on Retrenchment by a
bill to increase the salaries of the Executive offi-
cers. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHASE. The " first fruits" to which the
honorable Senator refers, of the labors of that
committee, are precisely such as might be expected
of a committee so admirably constituted as that is
for the purposeforwhichitisraised. I was,how-
ever, about to suggest, that a claim in favor of that
committee, upon the ground that it has nothing to
do—and certainly it might better do nothing than
report a bill for the increase of the expenditures,
when the very end of its organization is retrench-
ment 
Mr. BADGER. And reform.
Mr. CHASE. This claim on the score of lack
of employment is quite as valid in favor of the
committee of which my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] is chairman. The Committee on Roads
and Canals has, literally, nothing to do.
It was expected, 1 suppose, to do something;
but I believe no reference, or not more than one,
has been made to it during this session. During
the last session, if I recollect right, nothing was
referred to it, besides propositions connected with
this road, except one or two unimportant matters.
A few days ago, however, in anticipation, I must
presume, of the extraordinary labors which it
was supposed were about to be devolved upon
the committee, the number of its members was
increased from five to six, and the Senate assigned
it a clerk. Now, however, it seems that the Sen-
ate designs to relieve the committee from its chief
duties by constituting a select committee, to take
charge of almost the only subject of importance
which will come within its jurisdiction at this ses-
sion. The committee and its clerk are to be left
without labors. Would it not be well to go a
step further, and abolish the committee altogether?
That done, the committee and clerk would grace-
fully disappear.
Seriously, however, Mr. President, there has
been no argument yet urged, so far as I have
heard, in favor of a reference of this subject to a
select committee, which would not apply as well
to every road for which an appropriation of the
public lands has been asked; and, in fact, to every
subject of any importance which ever comes under
the consideration of this body. We have, it is true,
many local questions; but it is also true that most
of the questions submitted to the consideration of
this body are not local. They extend to the whole
Union, and influence the destinies of the whole
country. If the important character of this
measure requires that a select committee should
be charged with its consideration, then, upon this
single reason, we ought to consign every im-
portant subject submitted to this body to the
charge of such a committee. It is said, to be sure,
that there are peculiar reasons for this reference.
But I see none. It is urged that there are various
committees to which it might as well be referred
as to that on roads and canals.
For instance, it isTsaid that the construction of
this road will involve an appropriation of the
public lands, and the bill should therefore go to
the Committee on Public Lands; it may involve
the expenditure of money, and therefore it should
go to the Committee on Finance; it may involve,
and will necessarily involve, the transmission of
the mail, and therefore it should go to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. To all
that my reply has been already urged, that the
committee to which I propose to referthis subject,
to a committee constituted to take charge of roads
and canals; and this is a road, and all the uses to
which the road may be put, and the means by
which it may be constructed, are incidental, and
not primary. The primary character of the meas-
ure ought to determineits reference. Every claim
submitted to this body involves the expenditure of
money. Do we refer them all to the Committee
on Finance? Not at all. Some of them arise
from claims for military service, some from claims
for civil service, and some are of a mixed charac-
ter. We refer each claim to the committee which
the general character of the claim indicates as
being the appropriate one.
All I claim for this subject is, that it be referred
to the committee which has the charge of meas-
ures of this general character. I have not in-
quired into the constitution of the committee. I
have the honor to be a member of it myself. I
am favorable to the construction of a road, such
as is proposed, through the Territories. During
the last session of the Senate, I gave my humble
support to every proposition, having in view the
construction of this road, which seemed to me
constitutional and judicious. I had the honor, as
a member of that committtee, to report the only
measure connected with this subject, which re-
ceived the sanction of both Houses at the last
session. I refer to those provisions under which
the explorations and surveys are now going on.
I have not inquired into the opinions of the gen-
tlemen associated with me upon that committee.
I know they are selected from different parts of
the country, and with a view, as I must suppose,
to the character of the questions they were to act
upon. I have no doubt they will give this meas-
ure a fair consideration, and will make a fair re-
port; and the measure which they report will be
as likely to receive the sanction of the body, I
trust, as any reported from a select committee.
I have thus thought it due to myself to state the
reasons which govern me in the course which I
have thought proper to take; but I repeat, if it is
the wish of a majority of the Senate to refer the
matter to a select committee, I shall interpose no
further objection.
The amendment was agreed to by a vote, on a
division of—ayes 24, noes 9.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the blank in the resolution be filled with
nine, so that the committee shall consist of nine members.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by tile Presi-
dent pro tempore.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 4, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HUNT. With a view to my character
and position in this House, I ask leave of the
House to make a personal explanation in regard
to a vote which I gave yesterday.
