1^54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83 i
the Secretary of the Navy for the purpose of
repairing old vessels,
Mr. SMITH, f hope my colleague will not
Buy that this is a proposition to give increased
w *ges to seamen.
Mr. BOCOCIt. I supposed it was.
Mr. SMITH. There is no such feature or idea
contained in it,
Mr. BOOGCIL Then I was in error. I beg
the gentleman's pardon*
Mr, SMI rH. It is a bon&Jldti proposition,
Mr  BOCOCIt. Then it is a bona Jide proposi-
tion to authorise the Secretary of the Navy to
take the money intended for the construction of
these frigates, and use it to refit other vessels.
It will be remembered by those gentlemen who
n' Ye been members of this House for any length
of time, that in the annual Navy appropriation
bill, there is always an item for repairs and recon-
struction.
Now, who has said that the money thus appro-
priated is not sufficient? Who has been author-
ized to say upon this floor that the Secretary of
the Navy has needed money for the repair of old
vessels which has not been given to him by the
legislation of Congress? Where is there any old
vessel needing repair, and that couid properly be
repaired, which the Secretary of the Navy has not
been able to have put in repair? Why bring the
subject up in connection with this bill when we
have no definite information that any such appro-
priation is needed? We have heard nothing at ail
of it. The Secretary of the Navy has not com-
municated it to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On the contrary, the Secretary of the Navy has
told me—I dislike to state matters of conversa-
tion, but it tends to sustain the positions,taken in
his annual report—that there are a few old vessels
that can never be repaired, or, at any rate, the re-
p n ing of which would cost more than the vessels
would be worth when repaired, and he desired
rather to get rid of some of them than to have
them repaired. But I have never in any form
heard a suggestion that there was any vessel which
he wished to have repaired 
Mr. SMITH. I would suggest to my colleague
that this amendment would not compel the Sec-
retary of the Navy to use the money in this
way. The purpose is to give him an opportunity
of putting afloat a vessel of one hundred and sixty
guns in case of need.
Mr. BOCOCK. He has not asked it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Smith's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. WELLS. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out the word "six" and insert-
ing "three" in lieu thereof, so as to make the
number of frigates three instead of six. There is
no necessity, judging from what I have heard in
this committee, for building six steam frigates at
this time.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a
question of order. I am under the impression
that we have passed over that portion of the bill.
Mr. WELLS. No, sir; we have notdone any-
thing of the sort.
Mr. STANTON. My desire is simply to get
this bill into the House, and to see it pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will endeavor
to aid the gentleman from Tennessee in forward-
ing the business in reference to the bill, but the
Chair thinks that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin is in order. ^
Mr. WELLS. I can see no necessity for the
construction of six first-class steam frigates at this
time. I offer this amendment with but little hope
that it will be adopted; for it seems to be the opin-
ion of this committee that we must have six frig- |
ates of the first class, no more and no less. •
It is mlmirted by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and by all the friends of the
bill, that it will cost $6,000,000 to construct and
arm these ships; and yet the bill only appropriates
$3,000,000 for this object. Now, if the six steam
frigates are to be constructed, I think the bill
should contain an appropriation equal to the whole
expenditure which their construction would re-
quire. It is admitted on all hands that we have ;
now more ships-of-war than we can easily man. ;
To build six more steamers, especially if after ,
they were constructed it would be found difficult j
to man them, or they would not be required for j
actual service, would be, in my opinion, a mere I
waste of the public money. What use, I would i
ask, could we now make of six steamers, as pro-
vided for in this bill, if they were already built?
In what service couid they now be employed?
Does our commerce in any part of the world need
the protection they would afford ? Wouid it be
good policy to accept, even as a gift, a score of such
ships, if we were compelled to keep them manned
and ready for service?
I am inclined to the opinion that we had better
build but one vessel at first, as an experiment, as
it might turn out to be a failure. If wego on and
build six steamers, we may make six stupendous
failures, as we have heretofore always done when
we have undertaken enterprises of this kind, if we
except the cases of the Missouri and the Missis-
sippi. Of all the great ships that have been built
heretofore, these two alone have been considered
as successful; and one of these—the Missouri—
was burned soon after it was put in commission.
It seems to me it would be good economy for the
Government to do as an individual would do under
similar circumstances: to build a smaller number
of vessels at first, and see how the experiment
would work.
It is said that we ought to build these vessels in
order to be prepared for any emergency that might
arise in case of collision with other Powers. They
are, then, not wanted if we continue at peace; and
who does not know that the building of these steam-
ers would be but the beginning of a great war es-
tablishment, when there is no necessity for, and no
prospect of a war, if we continue to act upon those
pacific and equitable principles which have always
governed our intercourse with other nations.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham]
had read an extract from some paper to the effect
that England, in case of war with Russia, intended
to issue orders to search neutral vessels for arti-
cles of Russian produce. I do not think in the
present state of affairs, and with the strong desire
that England must naturally have to preserve
amicable relations with this country, that there is
any danger that she will be disposed to reaffirm
the exploded doctrine of the right of search, or to
take any course inconsistent with the established
principles of international law, or which would
have a tendency to endanger the harmony and
good feeling now existing between the two coun-
tries.
Let me say, sir, that our strength at home
and our credit abroad do not depend upon these
war frigates. The four Collins steamers at this
time do more to sustain our credit, and carry the
impression of our power abroad, than all the Navy
we have built since 1815. Their equals do not
float upon the ocean, and they evince that in
peaceful commerce at least England is no longer
mistress of the sea. Our merchant ships, too,
unsurpassed as they are in magnificence and speed,
which have introduced a new era in naval archi-
tecture, and whose canvas whitens every sea, are
making our power felt, and giving us importance
in every quarter of the globe; and, in the pursuits
of peace, are doing more to secure our progress in
all that concerns the true glory and welfare of a
State, than could be effected by all the armaments
and fleets which the power and resources of the
country could create.
Mr. PARLEY. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Wells.] i am a New England man, and I
represent a sea-board district in the extreme North-
east. 1 represent a constituency who feel an in-
terest in the increase of the naval power of this
country. They feel the necessity for such an in-
crease. I understand that the whole number of
vessels now in the Navy is about seventy. How
many of those vessels are available? Only forty.
I call the attention of the committee to one fact,
which it strikes me has not been sufficiently taken
into consideration in the discussion of this matter;
and it is this; that the increase of the naval power
of this country, for the last ten or fifteen years,
has not ke^pace with the growth of our mer-
cantile marine. Since 1844 the number of vessels
annually built has doubled.
The increase of your tonnage has been in a
much greater ratio, fn 1844 the gross amount of
tonnage built was something lih*e sixty-four thou-
sand tons; for the year ending June 30, 1852,
the amount of tonnage built was three hundred
and fifty-one thousand tons; showing within that
time an annual average increase of something like
fifty per centum. Again, look at the gross amount
of the tonnage of this country. For the year end-
ing June, 1852, it was over four millions of tons.
We have not had returns for the year ending June,
1853, but, undoubtedly, the gross amount of ton-
nage for that year is equal to four and one half
millions of tons.
Now, I ask if your naval power is at all ade-
quate to the protection of this commerce? It is a
well known fact that the very large proportion of
your mercantile marine is engaged in your foreign
trade. The value of that four and a half millions
of tonnage cannot be short of $200,000,000.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the mercantile marine of
the country is strongly linked and attached to the
naval power. It is to be found on every sea; and
wherever it goes, the protection and sympathy
which are extended to it by the naval power of
the country, whether your vessel-of-war be a large'
one or a small one, is felt and appreciated by the
master and the seaman.
Sir,an intelligent Englishman ma'dethis remark
to me in reference to this principle of naval pro-
tection. He said that the great secret of the power
of the British Government, and the great cause of
the loyalty of English subjects, was this: that ihe
British Government stood ready always and every-
where, wherever her citizens and their property
might be, to protect them and it. 1 would have
our Government to adopt and carry out the same
principle, not in the spirit of a filibuster; but I
would have our Government say to the world that
wherever our citizens go, and wherever their
property is to be found, that there we are prepaied
to sustain them and their rights.
I was glad, Mr. Chairman, to hear the allusions
made by the gentleman from New York, over the
way, [Mr. Peckiiam,) in regard to the necessity
which will probably soon be pressing upon us
with reference to this matter. The nations of Eu-
rope are now, or undoubtedly soon will be, en-
gaged in war. What will be the effect of that
state of things? They are large maritime powers.
Our country will feel the influence of the war; and
I say to you, Mr. Chairman, that that is one of
the occasions which calls upon us to prepare for
events which, withoutdoubt, must soon take place.
We do not know the construction which these
great European Powers may entertain, so far as
the rights of the property of neutrals are con-
cerned. And for that reason, sir, I would be pre-
pared to meet any emergency which may occur.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Wells.]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. LYON. I move to substitute the Senate
bill for the House bill, as it seems to be a foregone
conclusion that it is to pass without amendment;
and this course, if adopted, will save the trouble
of sending the bill again to the Senate.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from; Iowa
will state his point of order.
Mr. HENN. It is, that it is not no>w in order
to move to substitute the Senate hill for tjhe House
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from lowiu
if there are no further amendments to the first sec-
tion of the bill, the Clerk will now proceed to read
the second section.
t Mr. ASHE. I move that the committee do now
rise and report the bill to the House* with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has not ypf been
read through; and it would not be in order to adopt
that course.
Mr. ASHE. Well, then, let it be read though.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That each of said frigates bliatl not exceed fif-
teen hundred tons burden.
It is, perhaps, unnecessary that 1 should pro-
ceed to give, in detail, any views 1 may have upoii
the subject. I suppose the determination of the
committee is to pass this bill in the shape in which
it came to them from the Committee on Navafc
Affairs. I offer the amendment, however jsimply
to indicate my views of the proper course and pol-
icy to be pursued in making this increase of the
Navy.
If the vessel's are constructed of fifteen hundred!,
tons burden, they witt subserve all the uuiposes
desired ixy the Secretary of the Navy. They witt
