mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
this bill proposes §50,000 more; and yet General
Totten reports that unless the plan is changed it
will cost two million-s more than the one which
he suggests for accomplishing the desired object
of-reopening the communication between Albe-
marle sound and the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. SHAW, (interrupting.) I desire to say to
the gentleman that, so far as that particular work
is concerned, there is a report in the Department
which shows that the" work can be accomplished
for $500,000.
. Mr.MiLLSON. I was about to state that fact,
and had commenced staling it, when the gentleman
interrupted me. But, General Totten declares
that the construction of the work on the plan pre-
scribed by Congress would cost $2,000,000 more
than the plan which he recommends, the cost of
which he estimates at $500,001). He says the
plan which has been sanctioned by Congress will
cost $2,500,000; and from what l have heard, I
think I may say there is scarcely a practical man
who believes that the object can be accomplished
at all, upon any plan, or at any cost.
Mr. SUA W. 1 will say to the gentleman that
the Department does not propose to construct this
work according to the plan which the gentleman
says will cost $'2,500,000. It is not pioposed to
expend the money already appropriated in that
particular way.
Mr.MiLLSON. I know that. But J am show-
ing how poor a judge Congress is upon these sub-
jects, and that it has twice proposed to effect this
object of reopening a communication between
Albemarle sound and the ocean, by appropria-
ting on two several occasions $50,000 for the
breakwater across Croatan sound, and that, ac-
cording to General Totten's report, it will require
for its construction $2,500,000. U is now pro-
posed, however,to abandon that scheme altogether,
and to adopt a new plan.
The five western improvements that I have re-
ferred to, and for which, in the commencement,
only the modest aggregate sum of about $48,000
was appropriated, are now estimated to cost up-
wards of $500,000, while the six Atlantic im-
provements for which only about $200-000 have as
yet been appropriated, are now estimated to cost,
if constructed upon the plans contemplated by
Congress, nearly $4*000,000.
Mr. HAVEN. For the purpose of enabling
me to make a few remarks, I move to increase the
appropriation in the amendment five dollars.
Mr, Chairman,! will not trouble the committee
again to-day while they ate engaged upon the
items of this bill; I desire to pay to the friends of
this bill, and also to the enemies of the bill, who
are in favor of forwarding the business of the
Houst, that, in my judgment, the only wise
course they can pursue is to vote upon the items
contained m the bill as reported by the Committee
on Commerce, and allow nothing to induce them
to give a vote that shall change the items as re-
ported, or in any way alter the bill. I will
remark to the committee, that this is rather n hard
bill m reference to the section of country from
which I come, particularly in reference to the
northern lakes and rivers-, but, nevertheless, I shall
riot trouble them with any proposition to amend.
I feel the only chance for the bill is to refrain from
doing so. It is a pretty liberal bill for the valley
of the Mississippi, and I am glad that it is so.
But let me say to the friends of the bill again—for
it is advice (hat cannot be toooften repeated—that
if they desire to carry it through this House, they
had, in my opinion, better vote upon it now, as
reported by the committee, with the few amend-
ments aheady voted in, and not encumber it with
additional appropriation or provisions.
The hill as it now stands appropriates about
$2,5005000, perhaps a little less. I am ready to
vote for it as it is. If it, had appropriated a slightly
larger sum, I should still be willing to vote for
it. Under the existing circumstances, $3,000,000
would not be too much, if judiciously expended.
But, sir, I appeal to the friends and to the enemies
of the bid, to those who wish it to pass, and to
those who are opposed to it, but are desirous to
have it out of the way for the benefit of other
pressing business, to allow it to come to a vote
at the earhest possible moment. There are but
twenty-two days of ihe present session of Con-
gress left; and with the sultry weather that pre-
vails, we shall find it difficult to get through with
the necessary business of the session. While,
therefore, I am a strong friend of these internal im-
( provements, and while I would be willing to vote
! for a bill somewhat more liberal, yet, inasmuch as
' this bill has undergone the mature consideration of
the Committee on Commeice, which has reported
it, I am willing to vote for it as it is, and 1
hope gentlemen will not undertake to press amend-
ments upon it. Sir, amendments, I am sure, will
ruin it; the true friends of judicious and proper
internal improvements, I think, may well justify
themselves m foregoing all efforts toamend under
the circumstances, and vote at once and directly
upon what the bill contains.
1 shall desire to offer an amendment to the
second section when the items are disposed of;
but until then I am content to vote without debate,
and with entire constancy to keep the bill as it is.
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend thenmendment of my colleague [Mr. Rich-
ardson) by increasing the appropriation |)5,000.
1 desire to say to the committee that f concur
most cordially in the remarks which have just
fallen from the gentleman from New York. I, too,
am a sincere friend of this bill, and I desire to
see it disposed of at an early moment; and I do
not intend to again trouble the committee; but
in the passage of the bill, I also am anxious to see
justice done to the Mississippi valley; and I be-
lieve that the amendment offered by my colleague
is founded in justice and in right; and I am glad
that the subject has been brought to the consider-
ation of the committee by him. 1 want the bill
passed, even if I cannot get all I desire, for various
reasons. There is one reason why I desire to s^e
this bill pass upon which 1 will say a word. In
the sixteenth line of the first section of this bill I
see there is an appropriation of $15,000 to im-
prove the harbor of the village of Dubuque, Iowa,
which has been agreed to by the committee. That
item establishes a very important principle for us
on the Mississippi, and, if sanctioned by the
; House and by the President, I hope we shall hear
no more about the unconstitutionality of appropri-
ations for rivers and harbors in contradistinction
to harbors of refuge. I believe in the constitution-
ality of all such improvements, whether the har-
bors be on salt water or on the fresh water of the
Mississippi. 1 want to see the principle which
we have incorporated in this bill sanctioned by an
approval of the item for Dubuque harbor, so we
can avail ourselves of it hereafter, as applied to
other river harbors of more importance.
Now let, me refer for a moment to the position
taken by my colleague from the Chicago district,
[Mr. Wentworth.] lie tells this committee
that the estimates sent us from the Department of
$18,000 are sufficient to carry out the purposes of ]
the Government in reference to these improve-
ments of the Mississippi rapids.
Mr. WENTWORTI-I. 1 said no such thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, my colleague
at least said this amount was sufficient to sat-
isfy him for the present. He thinks that sum
enough to appropriate for the present session of
Congress. I am supprised that' he, representing
a district bordering the Rock river rapids, should
make such a statement in reference to this im-
provement.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will my colleague
allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. Certainly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I did not say that
$18,000 was sufficient to complete the improve-
ment of the Rock river rapids. But I think my
colleague and myself had better leave our Bun-
combe at home.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is certainly no
necessity for my colleague to leave any Buncombe
at home; he has enough there already. But, sir, 1
will not speak for Buncombe, butl will speak here
and elsewhere forjustice to my section of the coun-
try, even if there be no other person to raise his
voice. Living, as it were, on the banks of the Mis-
sissippi, and knowing the wants of the people there,
I intend that they shall be heard through me. If
my colleague wishes to take issue with me as to \
the justice or the propriety of this increase of ap-
propriation for the improvement indicated, let
him say it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I take the responsi-
bility of standing bv the estimates.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My colleague speaks
about " estimates." Why, sir, if he will turn to
page 227 of the documents accompanying thePres-
ident's message, third part, he will see an estimate
of Colonel Long, which gives $250,000 for each
of these rapids. Those are estimates founded on
the report of Colonel Lee, and I contend they
should govern here. The gentleman refers con-
stantly to &e " estimates/' and says we ought to
stand by them. If good in one case, they ought
to be good in all. How is it in reference to the
estimates for improving the harbor of Waukegan,
in my district? The local a^ent of the Govern-
ment to construct that work, Mr. W. W. Gamble,
a very competent man, as I understand, asked an
appropriation of $32,000 to complete the work;
and he says in his report " that it would be very
desirable, both for economy and utility, to have
this amount appropriated by Congress at its next
session." Have the " estimates" made by this
officer, the officer proper to make them, been
adopted by the Committee on Commerce? No,
sir, the amount of his estimate has been cut down
one half—to $16,000. Why this neglect to come
up to the proper estimate for an important work
on the lake upon the shores of which my colleague
lives? Why deny a harbor to those brave men
who face the perils and dangers of our hazardous
lake navigation, those courageous and hardy tars
" Whoso march is orppe mountain wave,
Whose home is oh the deep ?"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I have sought the floor with
a view of trying to keep the peace. I am appre-
hensive that something serious will grow out of
the difficulty between the two gentlemen from Illi
nois. Probably it may lead to bloodshed. [Laugh-
ter.] It will certainly lead to a personal explana-
tion. Let me suggest to gentlemen one thing
worthy of consideration, and that is, it is pleasant
to see brethren dwelling together in unity. [Re-
newed laughter.]
I regret very much to see these two gentlemen
from Illinois wooling each other in the most ap-
proved fashion. The gentleman over ihe way
[Mr. Wasiiburne] complains thathis part of Illi-
nois has not got ample justice. The other gentle-
man says that his part has not got justice, but he
is for standing by the Government estimates He
says that patriotism requires he should do so.
Now, sir, I pity the poor fellow m this body who
avows his purpose to stand by the Government
estimates. I really, sincerely, and devoutly pity
him, and particularly if he has to defend all the
Government estimates when he goes home.
[Laughter ] I do not know how it would do m
Illinois. J do not know how it would do in Wau-
kegan, but I apprehend that if they got alt that
was recommended by the Government they would
be pretty well satisfied. But, I take it, when he
got to the county of Scott, State of Vnginia,
where the chairman resides, he would find some
difficulty in demonstrating that Government esti-
mates were exactly such, in all instances, as ought
to be sustained. So it will be,I apprehend, with
a good many others who now hold seats upon
this floor.
What patriotism has to do with an adherence
to Government estimates, I do not exactly know.
It strikes me that patriotism, as understood now-
a-days, consists in getting out of the Government
all you can for your own particular district.
[Laughter ] That seems to be the definition as
settled by the gentleman behind me, [Mr. Went-
worth.] He goes for getting all he can; but he
tells the committee it is better to take what is in
this hill. Do not attempt to amend it. Do not
be adding here and there, for if you do you may
probably sink the bill. " I want," says the gen-
tleman, "to get the President committed to the
policy. I want him to sanction the bill, and to
recognize the principle that the harbors on the
Mississippi can be improved." I do not know
what the President will do; butl am persuaded
that his action, as President, will conform to his
action as member of this House.
I hope that the President will do the country the
serviceof sending in a veto here to check this sys-
tem.^ I imagine that he will do with this bill as
he did with the indigent insane bill, and I do not
know any more suitable time when a veto could
come in. 3 think it would be of vast service to the
country, and to the Democratic party, at thispar-
ticular moment, to veto this bill, and to veto
some of these railroad bills, and especially that
