832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31.
carry from seven to ten guns, and the cost of them
will be from two to three hundred thousand dol-
lars itss than if the vessels ate constructed accord-
ing to the plan contemplated in the bill. As I
understand if, the vessels to be constructed under
the provisions of this bill are to be of twenty-five
hundred tons burden, and they will cost upwards
of &800.000 each, making the six vessels cost
^5,000,000. If constructed according: to the pro-
viso i have offered, they will cost the Govern-
ment about $>600,000, according to the information
I have; and they will answer every purpose. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia. My friend from
South Carolina ought first to give notice of his in-
tention to move to amend the title of the bill. I
object very much to passing a law to build frigates,
and then make brigs of them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Sloops rather.
Air. BAYLY. They would not be more than
HVige. It was a complaint in the late war with Great
Lhuani that our frigates carrted more than the
number of guns which a frigate had the right to
carry, that our frigates were "seventy-fours,"
and our ''seventy-fours" unehurtdred and twenty
gun ships. 1 do not want to take the back track
in that respect, and make our frigates brigs—I was
going to say schooners—but certainly as low as
bligs.
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague will allow me
to say that these new steam propellers are intended
to carry fifty guns. The steamers Princeton and
Susquehanna, the tonnage of which are twenty-
four hundred tons, carry only about nine guns,
yet he thinks that these new propellers of fifteen
hundred tons may only carry from seven to ten
guns.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Orr, it was put, and the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MATTESON. I now offer the amend-
ment which I offered before, and desire the Clerk
to read it.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Pro. 'J. jlmlbe.it fuitkcr enacted^ That as soon as prac-
ticable niter the pa^.ige of tins act, lull and complete plant-,
map*-, s-pecifiealion*, and (Miniates of the cost of all such
FUMUH-ie. >hall he made bv the Seetctary of the Navy, and
shall tie submitted to a hoard ot oll'iceis consisting of five
oIJ'jcm jv ol u,e Navy of tin; jjrade of captain, and five piac-
tieul ship hui!(leis,to he named and selected by the Presi-
dent ; and such person*, with the Secretary of the Navy,
shall he denominated a Board of Construction; and «uch
hoard shall have power to niter, modify, or amend such
plans ami ^peeifieauon* in i-uch re&pectas it may deem ex-
pedient and proper.
Sko. ,'t. Jhid he it further enaifcil, That the work to
be done, and the materials to he furnished according to
such plans, map-, and t-pi-cification* to be approved ot by
said limnd. shall he counseled tor in belialt ol the United
Slates by said Hoard of Construction, at a meeting to be
held by said boaid, at such place, m the city of Washington,
at -ucl) time a* the Secretary of the Navy shall in his dis
eirlic'ii dnect. Public noticeol the times- ot meeting althe
said plat e tor the reception ol sealed pi oposals for eutei ing
into contracts lor any of the s«ul work, shall be published
m at least two public newspapers having the largest circu-
lation in the cities of New Orleans Charleston. Richmond,
Noiloik, Washington, HaUimore, Philadelphia, New York,
llo-ton, and Porihmd, at lea>t four weeks prior to the time
of such mi eting.
Spc 4 Jhid he it fm ther entitled, That hpfore any work
oi materials sliall he contracted tor by said Hoard ot Con-
Mruction, alt proposal* or contiaets tor woik to be done or
Mi.'iJeriaJ.s to be luriii^hud, herein authorized, shall be sub
je< f to the tnilowingconditions and restrictions :
Mi such proposals shall he for a miih certain as
to I he price to be paid lor each and cveiy kind of woi lv, and
tor the quality and quantity of every material that shall he
liuiHshed.
Se>on<l. ft very proposal shall he in writing, and shall
h<- aied up, ami shall be accompanied by an affidavit
sudor,se«i theieon ot each peison mutini? in such propo-
sal, that xje is not directly or imhiectly interested in any
othei pio|M>srti for the same work or materials, or any part
of ihe t-ame: that he ha.-; no agieement or understanding
with any other person to become intelested m any other
jnoposa? or contract tor iftc Fame work or materials, or any
p.irt theteof; and that no oijky .person than such a-. shall
he named in the proposal is inteieMe.l in the same, or has
any agreement ot understanding1 to become interested in
any <-oruiaet that mav be made in puisaance ot such pro-
Jjns,t!.
Third. No proposal lor work or material authotized by
thi> act shall be received or considered, unless the .same
shall be accompanied with a bond to the people ot the
United State*, m such penalty as shall be required by the
contiactinj hoatd, not less than tvventv nor moie than fifty
j>ei cent, oi the Estimate ot the costof the work proposed to
be done, and materials proposed to be furnished, which bond
shall be signed bv the paity making such proposal, and two
ie«poiisible -sureties, with «uch evidence of their respect-
ability a- the P.oaid of Coiistrueiion shall lequire, and
*vliicii fUienc-:#ii;i!l seveially justify in a sum equal to such
penalty ; ami which bond shall be conditioned, that if the
<-oii!fa'*t Miallt>e awarded to the paity making such propo-
sal, that he or they will, within fen days aftei *uch award,
enter into contract tor the performance of the work and fur-
nishing of the materials referred to in such proposal, upon
the terms prescribed by the contracting board; and, also,
the further condition that the contractor or contractors,
after making such contract as aforesaid, shall, and will,
without delay, enter upon the execution theieof, and fully
and faithfully perform the same, according to the stipula-
tions contained therein; and, upon his or their failure to
enter into such contract, that theobhgatois in the said bond
will forfeitand pay into the Treasury of the United States
a sum equal to ten per cent, upon the estimate of ihe same
at the price named in the proposition,as liquidated damages;
and, if any breach shall oecurin thecondition of such bond,
the same shall be handed over immediately to the Attorney
General, who is hereby authorized and required forthwith
I to prosecute the same, and, without delay, to recover and
j collect the liquidated damages specified in the condition
thereof, and all damages sustained by the United States
1 by the non-performance of the said contract, or any part
1 thereof; and the same shall not be compromised, nor shall
! the prosecution or collection of the same be delayed or sus-
! pended by any hoard or officer. Upon the failure or re-
j iu>al of the person or persons to whom d contract may be
i awarded to enter into thft same, it shall be the duty of the
I contracting boar<! to proceed forthwith to relet the same m
j the manner required by law; or they may, in their discrc
J tion, award such contract to the next lowest bidder at the
| same letting; and, in case he will not enter into contract
for the same on the terms required by this act, the same
shall he advertised anew, and be let accoidmg to law.
Fourth. No acceptance of a proposal or award of a con-
tract by the said boaid,and no contract made by the said
board, or any interestm the same, shall be assignable to any
person or persons; and every agreement lor any such as-
signment shall be absolutely void, and no payment for woik
; done or mateuals furnished pursuant to a contract, shall he
; made to any general attorney or agent of the eoniracting
\ pany, but only to such party m person or to the agent of such
I party specially authorized to receive the paiticulai payment
| then due.
i Fifth, fa every contract there shall be a provision that
, fifteen per centum of the amount of any work done or ma-
i tenals fumit-hed at the contract price thereof, shall here
served by the Hoard of Construction until the whole work
which is the subject of the contract shall be fully and en
Urely completed.
Sixth. Any other provision that may be directed by tin?
said Board of Construction, not mconsi.stent with the pro-
visions of law, calculated to insure the faithful execution of
any contract, shall be inserted therein.
Seventh. All contracts for work or mateuals shall be
made with the person or persons who shall olfer to do or
provide the same at the lowest price, with adtquate secu-
rity for their perfoimance.
Eighth. All proposals for work or materials shall be pub-
licly opened and read by the Hoard of Conjunction, and
shall be marked hv one of them as having been received
and so read, specifying the time, and shall be copied at
large in a book to be provided for that pui pose, arid the
oiigiual, within thirty days, be filed in the Navy Depart-
ment.
Seo. 5. And be it. further enacted^ That no officer of the
United Stale™ shall be interested, directly or indirectly, in
any contract; and every such contract in which any such
person may be or become thus interested shall be void and
declared lorfetted by the Board of Construction on discov-
ery of the tact; and every person becoming so interested
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.
Before the reading of the amendment was com-
pleted,
Mr. PERKINS. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment commences with section three,
and 1 submit that the only point where it can come
in m aftei the second section. The second section
has not been read, and therefore the amendment is
not now m order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is for the committee,
and not for the Chair, to decide at what point the
amendment shall come in as an independent sec-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to another question
! i of order. The amendment consists of two or three
sections. Under our rules, we can have hut one
section of a bill under consideration at a time in
committee, and I submit, therefore, that it is not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Penn-
|. sylvania.
j, Mr.MATTESON. Mr. Chairman,Iproposeto
j* strike out of the first section of the bill the words:
ti "said vessels and machinery to be built by con-
,'| tract, or in the Government navy-yards, as iheSec-
i i retary of the Navy may think most advisable for
'! thepublicinterest," and to insert in theirstead what
|i has been read bytheClerk. The bill underconsid-
' j eration leaves the whole matter to the discretion of
! the Secretary of the Navy, and to hH discretion
i' alone. While I do not question his character in any
11 respect, both for ability and integrity, yet I submit
j! to the committee whether it is not better to leave
the discretion with five officers of the grade of eap-
!; tain in the Navy, and five practical ship-builders.
j: We all know that there is a very deep impression
on the public mind that ships can be quite as well
ji and much cheaper built at private ship-yards than
|j they are at the Government navy-yards. That,
it i say, is the general impression, 1 have been in-
formed by a gentleman upon this floor from the
East, that ships are much cheaper and better built
there by private enterprise than at the navy-yarda
of the Government.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
stated that almost everything enteting into the
construction of a ship was now provided for by
contract. The last thiee sections of my amend-
ment throw additional guards around the purchase
that may be made. Is it not better that the dis-
| cretion which is proposed by the bill to be given
; to a single individual, should be left with naval
| officers and expert mechanics? The President is
j allowed by the amendments I offer, the selection
! of the ship-builders, and would no doubt select
' men of character and competency. Will you not
have better work? Wiil you not reconcile the
two interests, the naval interest on the one side
and the ship-building on the other, which are now
at loggerheads ? All these, it seems to me, will be
accomplished if the amendment be adopted.
1 see nothing inconsistent in my proposition
| with the construction of the steamers at the Gov-
j ernment navy-yards if the Board of Constiuction
  I propose siiail be appointed. Yesterday the dis-
; tingutshed and venerable member from Missouri
I [Mr. Benton] seemed to think that it would be a
I useless proceeding to let out the building of ships
j when we had our own navy-yards. That de-
! pendsupon the question whether we can construct
vessels for the Navy cheaper and better by con-
I tract with the mechanics and ship-building inter-
j ests of the country than by the Navy Department
! alone? But my amendments do not preclude the
I use of the navy-yards if the Board of Construc-
| tion should deem it advisable. It will, in my opin-
ion, be much more satisfactory to the country that
| the discretion in this matter shall be left to the
naval officers and the mechanics proposed by me,
| than to the head of the Department alone,
j Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the
| amendment of the gentleman from New York, for
I reasons which l will proceed to state as briefly as
i possible, because I think the committee has teen
' unnecessarily detained in the consideration of this
i bill.
i There is every provision now in the organiza-
S tion of the Navy Department that is provided for
| in the gentleman's amendment. The Chief of
i the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
i pair, is a skillful naval architect, of unquestionable
I talent and extended experience in his profession,
i Besides this, there are five naval constructors,
j who are experienced ship-carpenters, and an Engi-
1 neer in Chief of the Navy, with a reputation unex-
celled by that of any one m that profession of the
mechanic arts. To give additional means of success
' m buil ding and draughting war steamers, Mr.Cope-
land, the gentleman who, I understand, draughted
and superintended the building of the engines for
the Collins line of steamers, is now connected with
t the Navy Department as consulting engineer.
! Then there are captains in the Navy at the head
1 of the different bureaus, who have had much ex-
perience in the building and providing the arma-
! ment for vessels-of-war, who can and doubtless
will, be consulted by the Secretary of the Navy.
While I have no authority for saying so, yet my
impression is that it is not likely, therefore, that
the Secretary of the Navy wiil, upon his own
limited experience and observation, take upon
, himself the entire responsibility of ordering the
building of these vessels without the prelimma-
I ries usual and proper upon all such occasions.
] The Secretary of the Navy has urged the neces-
i sity of building these vessels, and does so from a
i patriotic impulse. He has the honor of his conn-
I try's flag at heart, and desires, as he says in his
i recent able report, to protect American commerce
I upon the seas of the world, and our citizens where-
ever inclination or business may lead them. In
; relation to the increase of the Navy, he eloquently
; says:
I " The result ofmyinvestigation of this subject is a decided
I conviction that the maintenance of our proper and elevated
' rank among the great Powers of the. world ; the just protec-
tion of our wide-spreadandgrowingcommerce; the riH'ense
I of our thousands' <>f miles ot coast alone the Atlantic and
I Pacific oceans, the lakes, and the Gulf of Mexico; the
, rccent marked improvements in the art of naval arehitect-
, uie adopted by other nation?—ail unite in deniom-tratmu
j the policy, the nece^Miy, of an increase of the TMavv. 11 is
1 true, indeed, our policy is> peace. No lu°t of dominion, no
1 s-pirit of aggression, matks out our course. Our national
1 mi-Mon is, by the moral foiee of example to illustrate Jb 
I blessings of liberty and peace, civilization, and religion.
