m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
tinct ground that he had been guilty of the misde-
meanor charged against him in this article; and it
obtains the high sanction of purporting to be
made as coming from the President of the United
States, and as being his justification for this act
of removal.
Now, when a charge of this description is
made by a mere newspaper, no matter how re-
spectable, I agree that the citizen is not to be put
on his trial on.that account; but when the charge
is backed by the allegation that the President of
the United States shoulders the responsibility, and
justifies the act because the officer was guilty of
these high crimes and misdemeanors—if the fact
appear by the papers that I call for, and such
other information as I shall demand when those
papers come in, that he was removed by the
President of the United States, under the convic-
tion and the belief that Mr. Bronson had been
guilty- of these high offenses—then I shall call
upon the House to give the matter to a com-
mittee, chosen by itself, so that there shall be no
responsibility on the Speaker—where it ought not
to be—that we may investigate the fact, whether
it be true that Mr. Bronson is the corrupt man
that he is now charged with being; or whether or
not the President of the United States has been
deluded and deceived by persons hanging around
him?
Now, I will say, in answer to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that I propose
to take further action if, when I get the papers in
answer to my call, further action be necessary.
What that action may be of course must depend
altogether on the information that the resolution
before the House, and another one, may elicit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am not sure whether I
entirely understand the gentleman from New
York. If his object be simply to vindicate the
character of a distinguished citizen of his State—as
£ think that the House of Representatives has
more important duties to discharge than that—I
should certainly decline to give my support to his
motion. I leave individuals to defend themselves as
they may find necessary, either in the public prints
or otherwise. If that be his only object, I should
not vote to entertain his proposition; but if I under-
stand that he has reason to believe that there is an
officer of this Government against whom it may be
necessary for us to introduce an impeachment, or
if he believes that abuses have grown up in the
management of the Executive Departments which
require legislation—if he has sufficient reason, as a
member of this House, on his own responsibility,
to make a movement havmg such objects in view,
I wiil not oppose him; on the contrary, I shall feel
bound to give him my support. Butlam not willing
that the House shall step in to vindicate anybody,
and become the mere tryer of attacks on any gen-
tleman. If a charge be made against a member,
affecting his official conduct, it might be necessary
to institute proceedings. If, however, a mere slan-
der was made in the newspapers against any
member, I should not feel disposed to pass a reso-
lution, or to institute proceedings of the character
indicated. Nearly all the members who have been
a few years here have had charges made against
them, from time to time, and charges very injurious
to their characters; and yet none of them have felt
it proper to institute proceedings to defend them-
selves. If the gentleman's only object is to defend
a distinguished citizen of New York 
Mr. CUTTING. I asked the gentleman to put
any further interrogatory to me that might occur
to him. I yielded for that purpose, and that alone.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object was to let the
gentleman know the difficulty I encountered in this
matter.
Mr. CUTTING. I prefer that the gentleman
shall put any interrogatury to me which may have
the tendency, in some degree, to remove the diffi-
culties oppressing his mind. While I shall regret
the want of his support, I must now call for the
previous question.
Mr. OLDS. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York a question; if I understand him
aright 
Mr. CUTTING. I would do it with a great
deal of pleasure; for nothing can afford me more
than to oblige the gentleman from Illinois, pro-
vided his inquiry be not an argument. If it
should be an argument,! shall object to it for this
reason—-as I desire to give a reason for what I do:
I have already stated that I did not rise to debate
the resolution which I offer 
Mr. BISSELL. I only wish to ask a question.
If the House shall, see an argument m that it shall
not be my fault.
The SPEAKER. The member from Illinois
[Mr. Bissell] desires to ask a question.
Mr. CUTTING. I yield for the purpose of
enabling him to propound an interrogatory.
.Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cutting] informed us, on making the
motion, that as things stood with respect to the
subject of his resolution a week ago, all was
right; the country had pronounced its verdict,
with which he seems to have been satisfied.
Now the question I wish to propose to him is: Is
it possible that the publication of an article in a
political journal—the country knowing the value
to be attached to a political newspaper—has made
it necessary for Congress to take up this subject
so well settled before the publication of the news-
paper article?
Mr. WARREN. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. In answer to the inquiry
put by thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,]
I shall say that, as a general rule, 
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cutting]
has called for the previous question several times,
and I simply want to know how often he can do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York withdrew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CUTTING. With the gentleman from
Arkansas, I am most anxious to have the previ-
ous question put, and the fact that I have pro-
posed it so often only shows how anxious I am
to have it put. I have withdrawn the demand for
the previous question simply because members of
the House, for whom I entertain a very great
respect, have desired to put questions to rne;
among others the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bissell.] I will say to that gallant member that,
as a general rule, 1 think that that which appears
in newspapers, whether of high or low degree,
ought not to be referred to in a parliamentary
body like this; but, like all general rules, it seems
it has exceptions.
We know, Mr, Speaker, that the proprietor of
that paper is the public printer of this House.
We know that, so far as it speaks in the name of
the President, and for the President, and in the
name of the Administration, and for the Admin-
istration, that it speaks—not officially, but by
authority—the views and sentiments of those high
officers. It therefore stands in that ambiguous
and equivocal position of not being an official or-
gan, like the French Moniteur, nor yet, again, the
paper to which we can ascribe any sort of con-
nection with the Government. It is in that middle
state of being neither the conceded organ, nor yet
one which is repudiated. It, beyond all doubt,
purports to speak, and is allowed to speak, under
the very eyes of the Administration, that which
it declares are the sentiments of the Administra-
tion. Now, I submit to this House, and to the
gentleman, [Mr. Bissell,] in all candor—I submit
to every man to whom, it seems to me, a ready
response must come, if he be a right-minded man,
that an accusation of a grave character—of the vio-
lation of official trusts—promulgated in that paper
as corning from the President, and being the
views of the President, is stated as a justification
for the removal—I say, I put it to the gentleman
candidly to say, whether such a print, standing in
that position, has not that degree of sanction im-
parted to it as to make an accusation against any
citizen one that ought to be noticed? It requires
to be noticed when the charge is made, as this is
made. I have it in my hand, as the accusation of
the President himself—the highest of all officers.
I therefore answer the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell,] that this, in my humble opinion,
S for the reasons I have stated, constitutes an ex-
ception to that rule which he lays down, and in
which, as a general rule, I most cheerfully concur.
I theiefore, Mr. Speaker, as there will be quite
time enough for all gentjemen to indulge in debate
upon this matter, after we get the necessary in-
formation 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
wish to ask the gentleman a single question, be-
fore he calls the previous question. It is, whether
the letters referred to in his preamble, as having
been addressed by the Secretary of the Treasury
to the late Collector at New York, and those ad-
dressed by that Collector to the Secretary, and
called for in his resolution, have not been pub-
lished throughout this country by all the news-
papers, and whether he doubts the authenticity of
a single one of those letters?
Mr. CUTTING. I will state to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that the question
propounded by the gallant member from Illinois
[Mr. Bissell] answers his question. But when
the gentleman from Tennessee asks if you are
going to notice newspaper publications, and make
them alone the ground of proceedings in this
House, and whether I contend that such a course
would be parliamentary, I answer, certainly not.
Would it be tolerated, that I should bring into
this House the subject of a mere publication by a
paper known or unknown, not authenticated in
any way, without the authority of the communi-
cation under consideration,and that I should pro-
ceed to base any charge upon it, and attempt to
raise a committee in this House upon papers of
that description? No, 1 answer the gentleman^
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] But where there
is a deliberate charge of corruption against Mr.
Bronson it ought to be investigated, and in the
investigation I want to proceed upon something
else than the mere unautheiiticated copy of a
newspaper publication. I want it presented be-
fore this House in official form, so that we may
take that _ as the basis of our action upon the
subject.
One word more and I will finish my remarks.
I further observe to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] that if this newpaper publication
of the correspondence be genuine, then the only <
ground of removal charged there is insubordina-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury.
This charge is, that the President removed him
only upon the distinct ground of corruption in
office. Now, if that were the distinct ground, it
does not appear by this correspondence—I mean
the genuine correspondence—and there isa striking
contrast between the ground of removal assumed
in October last, and the ground upon which the
Administration seeks to justify the removal in
December last.
I wish to know what makes that striking con-
trast; because the ground, of course, existed be-
fore the removal was made. It was either upon
the ground assigned by the Secretary—that is the
ground assigned in the correspondence—or else
it was upon another ground, which ought to appear
in the correspondence, and that I want. I want
to get the facts, and before I get the facts, I did
not intend to undertake to debate this matter.
I therefore move the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table, and upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays. ^
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 104, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Benton. Bisseil, Bocock,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Caskie, Ohastain,
Chnsman, t.'liup'liwnl]. Clark, Cobb, Craige, Cumming,
John G. Davis, Disney, Dovvdell, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy,
Elliott, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Fuller, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harian,
Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, IngersoU, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones. Keitt, Kidwell,
K urtz, Lamb, Laiham, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, Maedon-
ald, McDougal, McMullm, MeNair,Mcdueen,Mace, Max-
well, May, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murray,
Nichols, Noble, Olds, Oir, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Richaidson, Thomas Ritchey, Rob-
biris, Ituffin, Seymour. Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Single-
ton, Skelton, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Snod-
grass, HestorL. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Thurston, Vail, Van^ant, Warren, Wells, John Went-
worth, and Daniel B. Wright—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Ball, Benson, Campbell, Carpenter, Caiutbers,
Chandler, Chase, Clingman, Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cul-
lom, Cutting, Dick, Eastman, Edmands, Etheridge, Ever-
hart, Bvving, Farley, Giddings, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Ha-
ven, Hiester, Hill, Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Lmdley, McCulloch,
; Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Norton, Anrtrew Oliver,
| Mordecai Ulsvei, Parker, Peekham, Preston, I'nrvear,
I Ready, Reese, David Ritchie. Rogers,Russell, Sahm, Sapp,
I Simmons, Gerrit Snuti^ Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
