1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iiM
States right Cape Fear bill which passed here the '
other day. [Laughter.] He should then get back i
to something like first principles. !
Mr. HAVEN. How about the $10,000,000?
Mr. LETCHER. So far as the ten million
bill is concerned, we have ample consideration for
the appropriation. The President has signed that,
and he has acted wisely in doing so. I hope that
he will continue to give evidences of wisdom, and
that he will veto this river and harbor bill, which
conflicts with his States-right course as a mem-
ber of this House, and the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount five dollars.
I offer it for the purpose of saying a word in
reply to my friend from Virginia, [Mi\Lj/icher,]
who seems to have taken the principles of the
Administration and the Democratic party under
his especial keeping. I know that my friend is
very sincere, and that he advocates his proposi-
tions with a great deal of ardor. He denies the
constitutional power of Congress to make im-
provements for uvers and harbors, those great
natural arteries of commerce, and one would think
from the number of speeches he makes to illus-
trate his point, and from the manner in vyhich he
alludes to gentlemen of the Democratic party who
do not believe with him, that he never supported
a proposition of this kind. I ask the gentleman,
anil I would like ro have him answer it, whether
he was not a member of the committee of confer-
ence, a few days ago, which reported to this
House in favor of allowing an appropriation of
$40,000 to pay for the survey made by Governor
Stevens for a line of railroad to the Pacific ? I ask
him whether, on the call of the yeas and nays, he
did not vote for that report taking $40,000 out of
the Treasury—to do what? To pay the engineers
for carrying their levels over the wilderness, and
to pay Irishmen for driving stakes into the soil,
marking upon them with red chalk the amount to
cut away and the amount to fill. Having voted
for that proposition, [ now put the question to
him, if it be constitutional to pay Irishmen for
driving stakes, out of the Treasury, why is it not
constitutional to vote money to pay them for
shoveling the gravel on the road itself, and why
is it not constitutional to take the snags out of the
great Mississippi river, and improve rivers and
harbors?
It will be full time forthe gentleman from Vir-
ginia to read members out of the Democratic
party, and claim to be the exponent of the princi-
ples of party, when he can show himself to be
consistent upon the record. Until then, for one,
I object to hearing his lectures, and I object to his
reading any man out of his own party who votes
for these appropriations, especially after the vote
he has given in favor of an appropriation of
$40,000 for driving stakes upon that Pacific rail-
road. I hope the honorable gentleman will explain
this thing to the satisfaction of the committee, or
at least cease this thing of reading gentlemen out
of his own party because they support this bill.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to say but one word.
As to the appropriation for the Cape Fear river,
to which the gentleman from Virginia has alluded,
I consider that it stands upon a totally different
footing from th£ bill under consideration. 1 voted
for the improvement of the Cape Fear river, for
the reason that the Government put the obstruc-
tion there, and I hold that if the Government puts
an obstruction in any place, it is our duty to re-
move it.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no doubt that the
Democratic party of this House, particularly
those gentlemen who have been read out of the
party, will be under lasting obligations to thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] for his volun-
teer defense of them upon this occasion, it oc-
curred to me if there was one particular act for
which a member of this House should be entitled
to especial thanks, it would be that he has read
out of the party a portion of those who are nom-
inally connected with the Democratic party, and
had turned them over to the Whig party, which
party at this present moment, seems to be in a
distressed condition, not strong enough to make
an impression upon the country. When I under-
take to lay down my views, and read gentlemen
out of the party, he says, it gives him pain and
makes him rather uneasy. He regrets to hear
such language coming"fiom me. Why? What
is there in all this that particularly disturbs him ?
is it not a source of pleasure to him at all times,
to receive recruits, come from whatever quarter
they may?
But the gentleman wishes to know if I was not
on the committee of conference in the early part
of the session in regard to the deficiency bill. I
was a member of that committee, and if the
gentleman will take the trouble to inquire he will
find that upon the proposition relating to the
surveys made by Governor Stevens for a route to
the Pacific I opposed it, and my vote was given
in opposition to it. At the same time, the gentle-
man will also ascertain this fact, that, after having
shown my hostility to this appropriation, I then
voted for the deficiency bill, in order that debts
justly due by the Government to her creditors
might be paid.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The whole amount of
what 1 said is, that the gentleman opposed it first
as he does now, very warmly, but when he came
to a tight place, to wit, on the question, in the
House, of the adoption of,the report of the com-
mittee of conference, he caved in.
Mr. LETCHER, i voted against the appro-
priation on the committee of conference. *
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I have been doing
the gentleman an injustice. But did he vote "no"
on the question of its adoption by the House?
Mr. LETCHER. I tell the gentleman that
when the question came before the House, I did
vote for the adoption of the report, and I gave
him my reasons for "caving in," as he calls it.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no doubt that the
Democratic party will be under special obligations
to my friend in front of me, [Mr. Campbell,] and
to my friend on my right, [Mr. Preston,] who
seem to be coming to the rescue, for the interest
they have shown on behalf of that party just now.
The latter gentleman wants to conciliate gentle-
men of that party, I suppose, in his anxiety for
the carrying out of the appropriation for the Lou-
isville custom-house. [Laughter.] I do not know
how else to account for the interference of the
gentleman at this particular time. But it seems
that these gentlemen hunt in pairson this occasion.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment to an amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make a mo-
tion for the purpose of getting this bill out of com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. What proposition does
the gentleman make?
Mr. GREENWOOD. The proposition which
I desire to make is a motion to strike out the en-
acting clause of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair informs the
gentleman there is still an amendment pending to
the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Well, 1 hope the vote
will be taken on it at once.
The question was taken on Mr. Richardson's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr, GR.EENWOOD. I now make the motion
that I have indicated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman that this motion has been submitted,
and decided in the negative.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That was on yesterday.
The CE-IA1RMAN. The Chair cannot,enter-
tain the motion to-day.
Mr. EASTMAN. I offer thefollowing amend-
ment:
For completing the improvement of Grant river slough,
on the Mississippi river, at Poto$i5 Wisconsin, which was
comrnencfMl u m!er the act of June 15, 1844, $-20,0(10
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman whether there is an existing law
directing appropriations for this purpose ?
Mr. EASTMAN. By the act of June 15,
1844, a section of land was granted by Congress
for the improvement at this point on the Missis-
sippi river. And that has been expended, I pre-
sume, therefore, this amendment is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I contend that the
amendment is not in order. There was merely
a section of land appropriated to this object.
The CHAIRMAN. While the Chair con-
fesses that the point is rather doubtful, still he is
of opinion that the amendment is not in order.
[Cries of " Read on!"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think the Chair has
misunderstood the grounds on which I desire to
make the motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Well, the Chair will hear
the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the Chair
to have decided just now, on my aftnouncin^ the
character of the motion which l desired to make
in reference to this bill, that the motion to strike
out the enacting clause could not be renewed?
The CM A.IRM AN. The Chair so decided.
Mr. GREENWOOD. For the reason that on:
yesterday the Chair had decided that motion in
order, and it was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will al-
low the Chair, he will state the facts as they oc-
curred. The Chair entertained the motion, and
put the question to a vote. The committee voted
the proposition down, and therefore the Chair
must conform to that judgment of the committee.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. Then I was laboring
under.a mistake. But I desire to understand the
facts; for I think I am correct, and that the Chair
misunderstood me. The Chair was sustained
upon the appeal, and the question was put to the
committee, upon the motion to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill, and it was lost. If I am
correct in this, I have a right again to make the
motion to strike out the enacting clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again repeats
that he entertained the proposition yesterday to
strike out the enacting clause. The motion was
put, and it was voted down by the committee;
and now the Chair cannot entertain a question
which conflicts with the former decision of the
committee.
Mr. W ALSH. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
if I understand him to decide that, inasmuch as
the motion to strike out the enacting clause was
decided adversely yesterday, it cannot be re-
newed to-day?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. HENN. I would inquire of the Chair if
the committee may not have changed their opin-
ion, and may not vote differently to-day from what
they did yesterday ?
The CHAIRMAN. Well, the Chair cannot
say as to that. They may or they may not. The
Chair decides that it cannot consistently again en-
i tertam the same motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GOODE. Ailow me to say to the gentle-
man from Arkansas, that it is not in order to go
back upon the bill. The enacting words are in
the first lines of the bill; and it is not in our power
to go back to them now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order. The question is not debat-
able. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee
Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. WALSH. If an amendment is now in
order, I offer the following:
For the completion of a light-house at Chitteria'ngo,
Madison couniy, New York, $5,327 39.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PRESTON 1 rise to a question of order.
The light-house bill is not under consideration
yet; and farther, there has been.no previous ap-
propriations for that wrork. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. It is a work of internal im-
! provement.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair would inquire
of the gentleman from New York if there is any
law providing for the construction of this work ?
Mr. WALSH. I have not looked into the
matter yet; but if there is not, it must have been
a gross oversight. [Laughter.] A light-house
there is quite as democratic and quite as necessa'-y
as two thirds of these log-rolling appropriations.
If it is not necessary to protect the many valuable
lives navigating the turbid waters of the Erie
canai, it will, at least, put money into the pockets
of some contractors. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order, unless the gentle-
man can show that there is an existing law au-
thorizing the work.
Mr. SKELTON. I offer thefollowing amend-
ment:
