1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128
Stanton,John L.Taylor,Tracy, Upham,Walbridge,Walsh,
Ellihu R. Wa&hbume, Israel Washburn, Tappan Went-
worth, Wheeler, Yates, arid Zolheofler—66.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr.- WENT-
WORTH, of Illinois, said: I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have another call of the
roll, so that those who were not present then may
now have the privilege of voting.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Has the morn-
ing- hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 move, then, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS. I rise to what I consider is a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote i
just taken, and to lay that motion upon the table.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to introduce a reso-
lution terminating debate in Committee of the
Whole upon the President's message. I suppose
that we shall have general debate upon all the
appropriation bills, and I therefore propose a res-
olution terminating: debate upon the President's
message at three o'clock this evening-. The ap-
propriation bills are ready to be called up immedi-
ately. I think it is time that we were voting uj. jn
something, and therefoie I move such a resolu-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution, to which I am sure there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
cannot make such motion while the resolution of-
fered by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] is pending.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the resolution
which I desire to piesent may be read, and I am
sure that there will be no objection to its adoption.
Mr. JONES. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama that he so modify his resolution as
to close debate in Committee of the Whole upon
the President's message next Thursday at three
o'clock. That will allow sufficiently short time
for debate upon the message.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this was a termination of
general debate,! would have no objection to such
modification.
Mr, JONES. I move to amend the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Alabama, by strik- j
ing out the words " three o'clock this evening,"
and inserting " Thursday of next week, at three
o'clock;" and upon that motion I call the previ-
ous question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is an amendment to
the motion now in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, the
previous question having been demanded.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question was taken, and Mr. Taylor's
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
CALIFORNIA LAND COMMISSION.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
Senate bill providing for extending the act author-
izing the creation of a California land commission.
The SPEAKER. Itcan only be done by unan-
imous consent. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, (in his seat.) I ob- |
ject. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair must request gen- |
tlemen, when they make objections, to risem their ;
places and address the Chair. j
Mr. DAY1S, (rising.) Mr. Speaker, I object.
WIDOW OF THE LATE HON. B. CAMPBELL, j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the ;
unanimous consent of the House to submit a res-
olution to which—if the House will hear it read— j
there will not, I am sure, be a single objection. '
I offer the following resolution: j
Resolved, That the Speaker cause to be paid to the '
widow of the lato Uiookius Campbell, of tins House, the
amount of his mileage and pel diem, fiom the commence- /
ment o! the faction up to tlio day of Ins death. 1
No objection was made, and the resolution was j
received, considered, and agreed to. :
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS.
Mr. READY. I ask leave to introduce a bill
to amend the several acts of Congress allowing
and continuing to widows of deceased officers and
soldiers of the United States half pay in certain
cases for a specified time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Chair if
there is not already a motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to lay the resolution of the gentleman from Ala-
bama upon the table.
Mr. READY. Well, sir, I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the bill merely for reference.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
JVLr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to know what
will become of the resolution in regard to duties
on railroad iron, which was before the House yes-
terday when we adjourned?
The SPEAKER. That resolution will be taken
up when the States are Again called for resolutions,
which will be on Monday next.
Mr. CHUKCIiWELL. Have the thirty days
in which the States may, under the rules, be called
for resolutions expired?
The SPEAKER. They have expired, and the
States will hereafter be called every alternate Mon-
day, commencing with Monday next.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the Chair to an expression in the 27th
rule of the House, which, as it seems to me,
would bring up any resolution in the condition of
this one.
The SPEAKER. If it be the unanimous con-
sent of the House to settle the question to which
the gentleman refers, at this time, the gentleman
may proceed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I make the point of order
that, unless the morning hoar has expired,the
resolution is now first in order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the question before the House is the mo-
tion to lay upon the table the resolution of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to close
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken, and theresolution was
laid upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. GIDDJNGS, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers of Isaac Cooke and of P. Sheppard, for
the purpose of piesentation in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
[Here a message was received fiom the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Machen, Us Assistant Sec-
retary, announcing that the Senate had passed a
bill from the House to change the name of the
American-built brig John Dutton, and to grant a
register in her name/'
Also, a joint resolution from the House of thanks
to General John E. Wool.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; m which he was requested to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes;" and
" An act to change the name of the American-
built steamer Falcon."
The question then recurred on the motion {hat
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union;and, being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the
chair.)
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN stated, that when the com-
j mittee last rose it had under consideration the
I annual message of the President of the United
I States, and the resolutions of the gentleman from
j Alabama, [Mr. Houstox,] proposing to refer the
I same, and that the gentleman from New York
i [Mr. Wheeler] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, I understand
from the gentleman Irom New York that he does
not desire to occupy the floor at this time.
Mr. WHEELER. I will waive my right to it
in behalf of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBtJRN, of Maine, desired to make
a few remarks on a subject which was of general
interest. With the doctrine of "manifest destiny "
he had but little sympathy, notwithstanding the
popularity of that doctrine with many statesmen.
He did not believe in our acquiring more territory;
but the best way to promote our substantial and
lasting welfare was to attend to the home inter-
ests of the country—such as removing obstructions
in our rivers, the improvement of our harbors, and
the construction of a railroad to the Pacific, so that
we might combine the interests of the Atlantic ami
Pacific coasts. These were the legitimate objects
of our Government. Following them, we might
rely upon permanent success. 0
Referring to the President's message,he remarked
that the exultant satisfaction with which the Pres-
ident seemed to contemplate our foreign relations
might, perhaps, induce us to hesitate to unite with
him in that exultation, when keeping out of view
the great and national objects and pursuits within
ourselves requiring legislative care.
By the general terms of the message, when in-
terpreted by the resolutions of 179b, it might be;
understood as confining the powers of the General
Government within the narrowest limits of strict
construction. There was a middle ground to be
observed. Not opposed to all increase of territory,
he did not think that that was the first point of
oui duty. Its tendency was immoral. Men were
more than mountains—more valuable than any
extent of barren territory. Governments which
looked to territory alone necessarily became
weak; while those who attended to the wants of
their inhabitants became strong. True, new-
acquisitions would have to be made by us; but
they should be made with due regard to many
circumstances involving considerations of interest
ailecting both the Government receiving those
acquisitions, and those coming under the protec-
tion of our Government.
On these grounds he was opposed to an annex-
ation of the Sandwich Islands. [Mr. W. here
gave a description of the geographical position,
products, facilities for trade, &c.,of these islands,
with their history, as detailed by various author-
ities; their persons, habits, manners, and other in-
teresting details.] Opposed as he was to annex-
ation at this time, the period might arrive when it
would have his approval; but that time must be
marked by a sense of justice and the convenience
of both parties.
If there were to be any further annexation at all,
perhaps the Sandwich Islands had the nearest and
best claim. We wanted a home for our whaling
ships m the Pacific; the claims of California, too",
111 this respect, were great; the nearness of a por-
tion of the Russian dominions to our western
coast, were all questions which would suggest the
value of these islands to the United States.
He noticed some objections which had been
urged against their union with the United States;
I such as the smallness of population; the alleged
1 want of facilities for trade; the colonial system of
| Europe having failed, &c.; which he combated,
j Having endeavored to show that there were
, many reasons why we should consent to the an-
! nexation of those Islands, if they desired it, and
j combated some objections, he addressed a few
i words to the conseivative feeling of the country,
i He did not entertain the fears expressed by some,
i that m an extension of our territory we would
; necessarily become weaker. Ail our annexations
i hitherto had added to our strength; and when the
; Sandwich Islands should be annexed, and the Pa-
' cific railroad built, they would be as near to Wash-
ington as we were when admitted into the Union;
i and between unbridled progress and stolid conser-
. vatism, there could be noqueation as to the choice
1 to be preferred in the matter before him.
I [Mr. Washburn's speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
j; The question now being upon concurring in
J the resolutions oifered by Mr. Houston, distrib-
I' uting the President's message to the appropriate
i; committees, the following resolution was read:
|l "1. Retoh-ed. That &o much of the annual menage of
j; the President of the United State* to the two i1oum\> Mi-
ll Comrres'S as re'iites to uui fmeum alF.nr', tr^elh'T with thu
' ai-co"mpa:i\in? correspondence m luiauon timcto; 10 tiiu
:i chilis of the "subjects of Sp;un tor In m the <-a>e of the
i schooner makmii the 1-oihh! uy line between
1 Uie United Slattc- and the British Piovinc^ on the north-
