1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
rants having been sold by the United States, have
directed me to report'adversely to the prayer of
the petitioner. This claim has been reported upon
favorably several times. I would cail the atten-
tion of the Senators from Ohio to the fact. I do
not know whether they take any interest in it or
not. The committee at the present session have
considered the subject very carefully, and com-
municated with the Commissioner of the General
Land Office upon it, and have come, I believe,
unanimously to the conclusion that no special le-
gislation is proper in the case, and that all the rem-
edy to which the petitioner is entitled can be had
under the general law of Congress which author-
izes him to locate a quantity of land anywhere,
where it is subject to sale at the minimum price,
equal to the amount of his Virginia bounty land
warrant. I ask that the report may be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHASE. I ask that the Committee of
Claims bedischarged from the consideration of the
petition and papers of Joseph Clymer, of Mis-
souri. No report has been made upon this claim-
but it is the desire of the petitioner to withdraw
his papers, and present them to the proper De-
partment. I move that the committee be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a petition of inhabitants of
the county of Erie, Pennsylvania, praying an in-
crease of the pension of Lyman Badger, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the memorial of Wil-
liam D. Merrick, und Benjamin C. Howard,
agents of the State of Maryland, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill to direct a reexamina-
tion of the account between the United States and
the State of Maryland; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of James •
Ervvin, representative of Daniel Greathouse, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of James Erwin, of Arkansas, and others;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Thomas C. Nye, praying compen-
sation for the violation of a contract by the Post
Office Department, for the transportation of the
mails, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of A. G. Bennett, a paymaster in the United
States Army, praying to be relieved from his lia-
bility for money lost or stolen while in his pos-
session, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed. .
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill for the
relief of Catherine B. Arnold, widow of the late
Major Ripley A. Arnold, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
PAPER withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of William Frost
be withdrawn from ilie files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
bill introduced.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend the act entitled "An act to provide for
liquidating and paying certain claims of the State
of Virginia;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
dock. and railways at pensacola.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent, I
and agreed to: ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requited !
to inform the Senate what amount has been paid to the con-
tractors, Gilbert & Secor, and what amount is yet due to
said contractors, on account of the floating balance dock,
ba*in, and railways at the novy-yard, Pensacola, and
whether the said dock, basin, and railways have been com-
pleted according to contract, and accepted by the United
States; what is the present condition of said dock, basin,
and railways ; whether any of the stipulations o! the con
tract have been dispensed with, and if so, what were the
stipulations so dispensed with, and the reasons therefor;
and.that he be requested to communicate to the Senate
copies of all reports of the Commi-wioners that have been
appointed to examine the Paul dock, ba^in, and railways:
and also a copy of the contract entered into by the Navy
Department with the said Gilbert & Secor lor the construe
tion of the said dock, basin, and railways.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
Mr. PETTIT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate, at as early a day as convenient, whether the provis-
ions and stipulations on the part of the United States in a
treaty made with the Pottawatomie Indians on the 25th
day of October, 183d,  n Indiana, and paiticularly the fifth
article of said treaty, and the promises and stipulations
which Colonel A. C. Pepper, their removing a^ent, was
authorized to and did make to said tribe of Indian?, by
virtue of instructions dated April 28, 18J5, signed by the
Commissary General of Subsidence, and now on file in the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, have been
perfoimedand fully complied with ; and if fully performed
and complied with, to transmit to the Senate copies of all
the vouchers showing such fulfillment and compliance; and
if not fully performed, to inform the Senate in what such
failure consists, and what amount of money will fully com
penmate said tribe of Indians for such failure or non per-
formance on the part of the United States ; and that he like-
wise communicate a copy of said instructions to the Senate.
NEW LARGE GOLD COINAGE.
Mr. GWIN. I present a memorial, signed by
the bankers, merchants, and principal business
men of San Francisco, asking for the passage of
a law authorizing the coinage of gold pieces of the
denomination of fifty dollars, at the branch Mint in
California. I sent the memorial to the Secretary
of the Treasury, with the hope of being able to
receive his opinion in time to allow me to present
the sub ject to the consideration of the Senate when
the deficiency bill was pending; but the bill was
passed before>I received his answer.
His letter is in these terms:
Treasury Department, March 21,1854.
Sir: T have duly considered the memorial which you
placed in mv hands this morning, of merchants-«nd bank-
ers of San Francisco, California, praying Congress to au-
thorize the coinage, at the branch Mint at that place, of
gold pieces of the denomination of fifty dollars. Upon the
subject-matter of this memorial you desire my opinion, and
I have, therefore, the honor to say, lhaf, in the present con
dition of Cdh forma, ae it respects its currency, the measure
lecominended would, in my opinion, be judicious and
proper.
The larger denominations of gold coinage are not found
to be adapted to circulation in the Atlantic States. It is
found that few of the twenty-dollar pieces, and not a great
many of the tens remain m private hand", but are soon
parsed into the possession of the banks and brokers, and
their places supplied by bank paper. The larger pieces are
also more convenient for transportation ; and being thus
earned to the South and West prevent the transit of the
smaller coins, which would, if tram-milted, remain in per-
manent circulation amongst the people in those sections of
the country. For these and other reasons, it appears to me
to be desirable to increase the coinage of the smaller de-
nominations, and to diminish the larger, tor circulation on
this side of the Union ; and the increased capacity of the
Treasury lor coinage, arising froin the establishment of the
branch Mint at San Francisco, and ot the assay office at
New York, will enable it to carry this view into effect.
But there aie peculiarities in the condition of California
which recommend a different scale of coinage lor that re-
gion. These are : First, the fact stated in the memorial of the
prohibition against, and entire exclusion of, paper money;
and, second, the high scale of prices prevalent in California [
for commodities and service. These circumstances will '
make larger denomination® of com convenient, particularly
in counting and pasting large sums. To this may be added
that time will be saved in coining, which may be of much i
consequence to miners and others, at least until the capacity
of the branch Mint shall be ascertained to be equai to the
gold offered.
In Older to harmonize the proposed large coin with the
present recognized coins, I would recommend that the
coinage be authorized of pieces of.£100, and $50, and .$*25, to
be called the "Union," "half Union," and "quuter
Union," but that the half Union only be struck for the pres-
ent.
I am, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury*
Hon. William M. Gwin, United Stales Senate.
I move that the memorial, with the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REUUIOOS FREEDOM ABROAD.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President,.some few weeks
ago I stated to the Senate that I Should, ere long,
ask permission to move to take from the flies, and-
refer to the Committee on Foreign Relations,.the
report made at the last session by Mr. Under-
wood, on the subject, of the rights of America)}
citizens abroad to freedom of religious worship*
1 now make that motion. I do not do it, how-
ever, with a view to have the matter taken up at
the present moment, but I will ask the Senate to
hear me upon it on this day three weeks. I be?
Iieve that will be as convenient a time as any other;
but if this stands in the way of any other busi-
ness, I shall be willing to postpone it, for 1 am in
no hurry.
I desire, however, to make some remarks upon,
the subject. I feel particularly called upon to do
so in consequence of some animadversions upon
our proceedings, to which I alluded before. I
therefore ask the Senate to allow me on that day,
if nothing else stands in the way, to take up this
motion, and to submit my remarks to the Senate
upon the subject.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not ex-
actly understand the honorable Senator's motion.
Mr. CASS. My motion is, that the reportmade
from the Committee on Foreign Relations at the
last session, on the subject of religious freedom to
American citizens abroad, be taken from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The PRESIDENT. That order will be made,
if there be no objection.
Mr. CASS. 1 do not ask that the motion be
considered at this lime; but ( wish the Senate to
allow me to make some remarks upon the subject
on this day three weeks.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Michigan moves to
postpone the further consideration of his motion
until this day three weeks, and that it be made the
special order for that day?
Mr. CASS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the subject was
made the special order for the 24th instant.
james m. goggin.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the petition
of James M. Goggin, have directed me to report
a bill for his relief. It is a very plain case, and l
ask the indulgence of the Senate to considerit
now.
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and considered as in.
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to require'
the Postmaster General to settle and adjust the,
claims of Mr. Goggin.and to allow him afairand
reasonable salary as special mail agent for the State
of California, from December 1, 1850, to April 6,
1853, with reasonable allowances for office rent,
per diem, and hire of a clerk.
Mr. RUSK. One word in explanation of the
bill. Mr. Goggin was special mail agent for the
State of California for the period mentioned in the
bill. The duty devolved upon him of performing
the duties of mail agent, by contract, upon the
routes in that State. He found that it was impos-
sible to do it at the salary and the perdiem allow-
ance which he was to receive, and without the
assistance ofaclerk. He wrote letters to the Post-
master General declining to act, seeing that the
expenses were such that he could not do it but at
a loss. The Postmaster General, however, in-
sisted that he should go on in the performance of
his duties, and then bring the subject before Con-
gress, for the purpose of obtaining_ relief. The
proof in the case is very clear, Goggin performed
all the duties devolving upon him, and, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, he comes to Congress for remuneration.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed,
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 move that the Senate now
take up the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, explanatory of the law regulating
the number of cadets, which was postponed the
other day at the request of my honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It is pressed upon
me by the Department.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
