1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
The next business in order was joint resolution
from the Senate, entitled " Resolution for supplying
new members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives with such books of a public character
as have been heretofore supplied;" which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the reference of
that resolution to the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary. 1 call for its reading.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read, as follows:
" That each of the new members of the two Houses of
Congress he supplied with the ^ine number and dos-cnp-
tion ol such books of a public character, as were supplied
to each mcmhei of the Senate or House ol Representatives
during the last Congress, provided they be furnished by tii«
publisher at prices not exceeding those at winch they have
been heietofore furnished, for the use of either House.''
Mr. FLORENCE. As this is a question in
which almost every new member of Congress is
interested, and as the House seems to be very thin,
and a large number of the new members absent, I
move that the House do now adjourn, so that to-
morrow there may be a sufficient number of mem-
bers present to insure a fair discussion of the
question.
[Cries of " No! " "No!" "Vote it down!"]
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CULLOM. I regard this resolution as
proper. It has been considered by the Senate,
and it is in pursuance of immemorial usage in
this branch of the National Legislature. I hope the
resolution will receive no serious opposition from
any part of this House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This is a proposition
which I have regularly opposed for a good many
sessions, and I shall do so again. But before
saying anything upon the subject, or making any
motion, 1 will ask the Chair whether there is con-
tained in the joint resolution any appropriation
which requires it to be referred ?
Many Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. CULLOM. I wish to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Cungmak] a question,
and that is, whether, though he has opposed the
adoption of similar resolutions heretofore, has he
not, after they have been passed, received the
benefit of them ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thank the gentleman for
the opportunity he has afforded me, and i now
say to him that { have never received a single book
under these and similar resolutions. 1 stated
during the last Congress, that though I was entitled
to books under the resolutions passed from time
to time, yet if the House would stop the practice
of donating them, I would decline the books to
which 1 have been entitled for the last ten years.
I thought it was well to stop this practice, and
■voted against it upon a call of the jreas and nays,
and hope I shall have an opportunity to do so again.
If we are to take all the books which are voted
by those who precede us, where is the system
ever to stop? If we pass this resolution, we get
all the books which have been ordered by previous
Congresses, to be distributed among their mem-
bers. Why not limit it to the books ordered to
be published by each Congress? If you go on as
heretofore, the result will be that, in the end, the
Treasury will feel very sensibly this large appro-
priation. I say if the practice continues, I shall
take my books and give them to some public
library or literary institution. i:
I wish gentlemen to understand that the cost of i|
these books is some seven or ei^ht hundred dollars j|
for each member. If a contribution of this amount i
is to be made, 1 should prefer to have it in some j.
other shape. jj
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) The reso- jj
lution does not propose, I believe, to reprint any
of the books. I see no reason why the books i1
already on hand may not be distributed. !j
Mr/CLINGMAN. They are not in our hands, i!
unfortunately. That remark is one of the things j,
which are thrown in to deceive new members; ,
and the idea may be created that we have these :
book4* already paid for, and that they can be had ,
as well as not. It is a mistake altogether. These ;
books will be bought as other books are.
I wish gentlemen to understand the matter, !,
though I am well aware that it is difficult for us, h
who are entitled under former acts, to be heard h
upon the subject. Yet why not stop the practice
here ?
I willnowsayto that gentleman, and my friends,
that I will relinquish my right to any books to
which I may be entitled. I have not taken them
yet, and I will give an order of relinquishment, if
this Congress will stop this practice. Unless we
do begin to stop it ourselves, we shall go on ad
infinitum with such distribution, and incur, in
consequence, a large expenditure. It was not my
purpose to make any remarks upon the subject.
My desire is, simply to ask for the yeas and nays,
that I may have an opportunity of placing myself
right upon the record, and before the country.
The Twenty-Seventh Congress made an order for
books, and I believe the then members got them;
but they did not get half as many as we should
on the passage of this resolution. Why not go
back, and say, in addition to our present per diem
and mileage, that we will take the per diem and
mileage of previous Congresses. I see no differ-
ence between these cases. I hope that the yeas
and nays will be ordered. A gentleman near me
suggests, that some members sell these books,
instead of retaining them, or giving them to some
literary institution in their districts. I know not
how the fact is, but I have heard that remark
again and again. I now say, what I will say upon
any other occasion, that if any gentleman has
made such a disposition of his books, 1 would
vote to expel him from the House. I should con-
sider it as a fraud upon the order, if any member
should sell these books, instead of distributing
them to his district as primarily contemplated.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor an instant?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This imputation has been
thrown 'out to-day; and I have heard it before
whenever this question has been presented. I
think it is time to put an end to this general slan-
der upon the character of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina cannot yield the floor to the gentleman
to make a speech.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I simply wish to make an
explanation. If the gentleman who makes this
chmge against members, and sends it forth to the
world, is not prepared to give us some informa-
tion by which the persons who have been guilty
of so high a misdemeanor can be exposed, 1 think
he ought to withdraw it. As one member, 1 do
not feel like indorsing any portion of such a
charge thus indefinitely made. If the gentleman
who makes the charge knows it to be true, I call
upon him m his place to name the member, in or-
der that those who are not guilty may relieve
themselves from the imputation thus cast upon
their character. For my own part 1 voted, when
I was interested, against this thing, but 1 have
always vo'ted for it since. I am in favor of the dis-
tribution of these books, and will go for it now,
believing that we do better service to the country
by sending them abroad into the libraries of our
congressional districts than we do by a great
many other appropriations thai we make. It
would be much better to take from the gun man-
ufacturing blanch of the public service the amount
that is necessary to distribute this useful informa-
tion. I should like to have the gentleman who
makes the charge specify the names of such mem-
bers as have sold their books.
Mr. PRATT. I do not understand that the
gentleman from North Carolina charged any one
with having sold books delivered to him by order
of the House. He stated that he had heaid that |j
such things happened. ;j
i Mr. CLINGMAN. A gentleman upon my ,
i left asked me the question whether such was the !
j fact. I stated that 1 had heard such a report, but i
j did not know that it was so. I concur with the ;
' gentleman from Ohio as to the impropriety of i
i such a thing, and I do not know that any mem- i
i ber was ever guilty of such an act. I have felt ,
this thing sensibly, for this reason: I have en- i
deavored, for three years together, in common !
with others, to reduce certain expenditures of the I
I believe this distribution of books among the
members is not an expenditure which the wants
of the country demand. I agree with the gentle-
man, however, that it is important to distribute
works of this chaiacter among the public libraries
of the country; and if any gentleman will intro-
duce a bill proposing such a distribution, or a
distribution to one such library in each congres-
sional district, I will vote for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. A single word
with reference to selling these books. 1 want to
ask the gentleman from North Carolina a ques-
tion—and 1 premise it by saying that I never sold
a book furnished me in this manner in my life—
whether it is not a fact, that any gentleman who
may have received these books for his own use is
at liberty to dispose of them as he may think
proper?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt that he
is, as a matter of law; but,as I have already said,
the object of the House in voting these books is,
undoubtedly, that they shall be used for public
purposes, and not for the benefit of the individual
members. And I repeat what I have already said,
that whenever a member, instead of disposing of
books voted him for that purpose, by giving them
to some public library, or by disposing of them
in some manner for the public benefit,—undertakes
to make money out of them, I would not only
regard it as a very discreditable act, but I would
vote to expel any such member, because it would
be an abuse of sufficient magnitude to warrant
some decided action upon the part of the Bouse.
You, Mr. Speaker, will remember—i allude to
the present occupant of the chair [Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee]—that during a former Congress you
and I discussed the matter of adopting some reg-
ulation by which this system could he stopped;
and we came to the conclusion that nothing better
could be done than to put a clause into a general
appropriation bill that should prevent either House
from distributing hooks of this description by its
own vote—requiring a joint resolution, passed by
both Houses of Congress, ami signed by the
President, to effect the object. Such a provision
was introduced, by way of amendment, into an
appropriation bill the last Congress, and adopted.
The result is, that here we have a joint resolution
coming from the Senate to accomplish the same
purpose.
Now, I desire that this resolution shall go to the
Library Committee—if that is the appropriate
one—that they may look at the matter, and see
whether they cannot devise some other arrange-
ment for the distribution of these books, which
shall accomplish the purpose designed by the dis-
tribution, and, at the same time, relieve members
from ihe odium to which they are exposed under
the present system.
If you are to carry out this system by con-
tinuing to multiply indefinitely every book which
has ever been ordered to be printed by Congress
for the use of members, it is a perversion of the
functions of Congtess. We might as well vote
the money to ourselves as an addition to our
salaries.
I have made these remarks by way of justify-
ing my own course, and not with any expectation
of changing the result. 1 presume gentlemen have
already made up their minds as to the course they
are to pursue with reference to it, and will vote
accordingly. What I want to explain is, that m
asking for the yeas and nays upon the passage of
the resolution, and in recording my vote against
its passage, 1 am not actuated by any narrow,
mean feeling in excluding others from an advant-
age which has been accorded to me under the
law.
Mr. HAVEN. I will only detain the House
with a single remark in reference to the resolu-
tion under consideration. I think it is one that
the House will pass whenever it comes up.
As I understand the resolution, I mean to vote
for it when it is properly reported from a com-
mittee; but I should not like it to go out to the
country that we apply a mode of legislation to
ourselves which we refuse to our constituents and.
to the public service. Let the bill be referred, in.
Government; and we are met in the newspapers    .
by the allegation that we are in the habit of votmg ,I the ordinary way, to a committee, and 1 pledge
books to ourselves, and wasting a great deal of j myself to give it my support when it coats hr-ck
money for other purposes. You cannot propose into the House, unless, indeed, I see something
any measure for preventing any abuse in the :
Army or Navy without this very thing being I
thrown in your teeth. I
decidedly objectionable m it.
Mr. SKELTON obtained the floor.
Mr. HILLYER. I;move the pievious question,
