1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
tion of this honorable-body, and, it is hoped, to
secure from you such an appropriation for those
ports as their commercial importance and their
necessities absolutely require. I shall, therefore,
occupy your attention but for a few moments.
ft is, sir, an admitted fact, by those best ac-
quainted with the ports of Lake Erie, that the bay
of Sandusky is vastly superior, as a harbor, to
any other port upon that lake, it has an average
depth of twelve feet of water. In width it is from
four to five miles. In length it is some twenty
miles, and is capable of accommodating the entire
fleets of our western lakes. Land locked, and the
surrounding country covered with a dense growth
of giant forest trees, vessels may at all times there
ride at anchor, safe from the desolations of the
tempest, and the rage of the sea and the surf with-
out. There is, however, one defect connected
with that bay which ought speedily and effectually
to be remedied. That defect I shall endeavor
very briefly to show the committee can, and ought
at once, to be repaired
It would be highly gratifying to me if every
member of this committee, unacquainted with
the Sandusky harbor, would glance his eye over
the map I now have before me, and which has
been carefully prepared and furnished me by Col-
onel J. J. Abert, Chief of the Topographica De-
partment. It £ives a very accurate idea of the
appearance and character of the bay, and that part
requiring repairs. Formerly, and until within a
few years past, an unbroken peninsula of near
two miles in length extended from the main land*
on the north side of the bay, opposite to Cedar
Point—an angle of the main land, situated about
one half mile south of the cape of the peninsula.
Through this narrow passage our vessels enter
the bay, it being the mam channel; and it would
be one of the best on the lake, but for the difficulty
to which I have already alluded. Well do I recol-
lect when that entire peninsula was covered with
rich meadows,and a large and thrifty forest. The
meadows afforded the most ample grazing for
hundreds of head of cattle, and the forest not only
sheltered them from the scorching heat of the sun,
or the peltings of the storm, but also protected the
shipping in the harbor from the fury of the tem-
pest. The peninsula, however, has been, for sev-
eral years past, by the frequency and violence of
the northeast winds, gradually washing away,
until finally a clean breach through it has been
made; and, since that occurrence, in every storm
vast quantities of sand are deposited in the bay,
shifting the channel, and seriously obstructing the
entrance to the harbor. Thus, by every north-
easter, our channel is liable to be diverted, and so
filled up at dilFerent points with immense depos-
its of sand, as to render its navigation not only
uncertain, but difficult.
The primary cause of these deposits of sand is
the vast amount of water forced, during the prev-
alence of storms, from the lake into the bay,
through the bieachnear the junction of the penin-
sula with the main land. At such times the water
rushes through the breach with such prodigious
velocity as to carry before it large quantities of
sand, which is swept along towards the entrance
of the bay, and deposited in and about the chan-
nel, so that a vessel attempting to sail out by the
some channel by which it entered the harbor,
might possibly ground upon a bar formed during
the prevalence of a single storm. Such, sir, has
been, and still is, the oiigin of the most incal-
culable damage to our harbor. This great and
growing evil has been partially arreated by an
appropriation made for that purpose by the last
Congress. A breach of two thousand six hun-
dred and fifty-seven feet was closed last summer,
which has added much to the safety of the bay,
which, remarks the editor of the Commercial
Register, published at Sandusky City, " has been
found, upon inspection, since the disappearance
of the ice, to have stood the test of winter to the
utmost satisfaction. Not a single crib has been
disturbed by ice or high water; on the contrary,
the work has acquired additional protection by
the accumulation of sand on both sides of the
cribbing, the deposit amounting, it is said, to
nearly two hundred acres of new land. As the
mode of constructing the improvement was re-
garded by some in the light of an experiment, the
result is highly gratifying, as well to the agent of
the Government as to those more directly inter-
ested in its success.
There is still another, and the principal cut, of
some three thousand feet next to the main land
yet to be filled up, which, when effected, will ren-
der the entire peninsula complete, and protect the
harbor from those vast deposits of sand which
have been for several years past so fearfully ac-
cumulating. To accomplish this most important
and desirable object, an expenditure of not more
than $28,500 would be?required. " It is very cer-
tain, " observes the same writer above quoted,
" that the magnitude of the commercial interest
depending upon a suitable protection of our har-
bor, demands a further expenditure now, while it
may be profitably and advantageously made, and
while a comparatively small sum will suffice."
It may be asked if we have sufficient water in
our channel to admit the passage of the largest
class of vessels? My response to this interrog-
atory is: We have; though the bed of the channel
may be occasionally changed, and a bar formed,
which often requires dredging, which is done at
the expense of the city.
I would further remark, there is not so safe a
harbor on Lake Erie to enter in tempestuous
weather as that of Sandusky. There are no piers
or wharves to encounter in entering the bay. Once
in the bay, all is safe; for there is ample room and
ample depth of water for the combined shipping
of the lakes'^ and the moment a vessels within the
harbor her anchor may be cast, and the mariner
may, in the proud consciousness of security, bid
defiance to the fury of the storm that may rage
and howl without.
Again: Does the commerce of Sandusky war-
rant the appropriation of $28,500, recommended
by the Committee on Commerce for the object
above specified? Unquestionably it does. 1 have
now before me the report of the collector of that
port, which shows our imports for the fiscal
year ending November last to be £30,048,744;
and our exports $11,435,457, amounting in all to
$41,484,30 i; which is an increase, over the year
of $0,798,304.
Sir, I will venture the assertion, that, with the
facilities it now has, the rapid increase of its bus-
iness, the brightand flattering prospects before it,
Sandusky City will, before the expiration of four
or five years, more than double its commerce.
Sandusky now has over a mile of dock of supe-
rior structure; and by reason of the formation and
extent of its harbor, a similar work could be ex-
tended, whenever it became necessary, for at least
four miles further. The docks are built of rock,
and that, too, in the most substantial manner.
The location of the city is, in many respects.
unique. Situated upon one of the most beautiful
inland bays upon the continent, surrounded by a
fertile and a highly cultivated country, and unsur-
passed in the salubrity of its climate, it can but
attract the attention and elicit the admiration of
every traveler. Within the city limits there is
an abundance of building material, such as stone
and onck. Rock, for the erection of an edifice,
may be taken from the very spot on which itxis to
be built, and lime and sand are to be had at its
very threshold. Plaster of Paris is manufac-
tured within the city, and an inexhaustible amount
of the raw material, from which it is manufac
tured, exists upon the opposite side of the'bay.
Thus it will be perceived that within the limits of
the city exist most of therequisite materials for the
erection of houses, the construction of wharves,
&c.
Railroads.—There are now five railroads diverg-
ing from Sandusky City, passing through not
only the mineral, but also through the most fer-
tile and beautiful agricultural portions of the State;
and soon another air-line road will be completed
to the Ohio river, connecting Sandusky with Lou-
isville, Kentucky, over which, being the shortest
and most direct line from the Ohio to Lake Erie, a
very large portion of the products of the West,
designed for the eastern market, and also the
goods purchased at the East for western consump-
tion, must, we think, necessarily pass.
Thus, with all the above enumerated advant-
ages and facilities for growth and greatness, 1 see
no adequate reason why Sandusky City may not,
with the repairs of the peninsula, and the harbor
improvements to which I have already called your
attention, become one of the most important and
prosperous commercial emporiums upon the great
lakes. It is therefore to be devoutly hoped that
no member of this House will vote against such
an appropriation for the improvement of our har-
bor, as its present necessities, and its future secu-
rity from the evils to which it is now exposed,
absolutely require.
There are other ports on the Sandusky bay
which justice requires I should mention. Venice
is one of them. This is a small but thrifty village
situated on the south side of the bay. It has two
large flouring mills, which are kept in constant
operation, and grind hundreds of barrels of flour
daily.
Portage is another. This is a small place on
the opposite side of the bay from Venice. At this
place there are two large mills for manufacturing
plaster of Paris, one of which is capable of grind-
ing eight hundred barrets per day. A steamer
plies daily between this place and Sandusky City.
Fremont is another. It is situated on the San-
dusky river, about thirty miles west of Sandusky
City, and is a place of considerable commerce.
Besides being constantly visited by the shipping
of the lake, there is a steamer that daily plies be-
tween Fremont and Sandusky City. Fremont is
the county seat of Sandusky, and is a large and
flourishing village. U now has one railroad, which
does an extensive business. Several others are
being built, whilst others, again, are being pro-
jected. These circumstances have greatly en-
hanced the value of property there, and given a
most cheering impetus to commerce and to busi-
ness of every description.
*Mr. Chairman, befote I close these few remarks
relative to the beautiful bay of Sandusky, there
is a matter, and one, too, of no small importance,
to which I wish simply, and very briefly, to call
the attention of the committee.
Much has been said upon this floor, during the
present session, in regard to marine hospitals. The
impoitance, the humanity, the absolute necessity
of the existence of such institutions, not only upon
the coasts of the Atlantic and Pacific, but also along
the shores of our great inland seas, upon whose
waters dwell thousands of weather-beaten marin-
ers, who are ever and anon exposed to the most
appalling dangers and hardships, to disease and
sickness, and who need equally with those whose
home is upon the "ocean wave," the protection
and fostering care of the Government, none, I pre-
sume, will doubt.
The object had in view in the establishment
of marine hospitals, is to furnish healthy and
comfortable retreats for invalid seamen, where
they can have that medical attention and care
which is necessary for their restoration to health.
The selection of sites upon which to erect such
institutions is a matter of great importance.
Nearly in the center of the bay of Sandusky is a
most beautiful and fertile island, called "Bull's
Island," containing about two hundred acres of
land, healthy and easy of access, arid which
would make one of the most interesting and
attractive sites for a marine hospital that can be
found upon our western waters. The island ought
to be the property of the Government, and de-
voted, whenever it may be necessary, to the ob-
ject to which I have adverted.
I would invite the attention of the committee
to this subject, and ask them to consider the pro-
priety and expediency of purchasing the whole
or a part of that island, at an early day, for the
establishment there, when it should be necessary,
of a marine hospital.
I now solicit the attention of the committee, for
a few moments, to some of the improvements
necessary to be made at Huron. The village of
Huron is situated at the mouth of Huron river.
A ship canal has been constructed from this point
to Milan—a distance of eight miles—through
which the shipping to and from this latter place
is conducted. Milan is a beautiful village, hand-
somely situated, and prosperous. Its citizens are
intelligent, hospitable, and persevering. An ex-
tensive business is there transacted in the pur-
chase of wheat, corn, wool, staves, &c., &c.,
which are thence shipped by the canal to other
ports upon the lakes. Besides, a large number of
vessels are there annually built, inferior to none
of the same class upon our western waters.
Milan has not yet enjoyed the advantages of
railroads, but will ere long. It has commenced
the work.
Huron harbor is very similar to that of Cleve-
land. The depth of the river is some eighteen
feet, and the harbor is easy of access. To make
