1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
it, however, what it should be, and what its im-
portance rightly demands, it is necessary that^an
appropriation should be made by Congress "for
the repair and completion of the west pier. A
large portion of this pier is now in ruins, and the
beacoii, situated out on its extremity, was, a few
weeks since, swept away by the violence of the
winds and waves. This, however, will soon be
remedied. Captain Jenkins, of the Light-House
Board, has ordered another beacon to be erected,
as soon as practicable, and the work has been com-
menced.
But I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee more particularly to the importance of
having the pier, to which I have alluded, repaired
as speedily as possible, from the fact that a pait of
this structure has been completely swept away, so
that it is utterly impossible for the light-house
keeper to get to the light-house during a violent
etorm—at which time, above all others, the mari-
ner needs, at night, a light to guide him safely into
port, where he may be secure from the perils of
the tempest without.
Sir, the members of this committee have but a
very imperfect idea of the dangers to which the
light-house keeper is there exposed, nor can they
form any adequate conception of them, unless
they were to stand in full view of the light-house
during the prevalence of one of those terrible
storms—so common upon the lakes—and view
that faithful officer, in his frail boat, struggling
amidst the mnsr frightful dangers of a raging teifi-
pest, and the heaving, howling, headlong rush of
the surf and the sea, to reach the light-house, and
to light it up, that the mariner on the coast may
know where he is, and whither to guide his vessel.
Some two years since Mr. Webber, who then
and there officiated, in attempting to reach the light-
house in his boat, to light it up, was overpowered
by the storm; his boat was dashed upon the shore,
himself thrown out and crippled for life; and but
for the timely arrival of aid he must have met a
watery grave. Hfc was taken from the water
almost lifeless, was resuscitated, and still lives to
testify to the folly and inhumanity of the Con-
gress of the United States in withholding an ap-
propriation for the repair of a work of such vast
and vital importance to the safety of the shipping
unon the lake, and to the lives of passengtis and
seamen.
But, sir, this is not the only reason why an ap-
propriation should be made for the improvement
of that harbor. In consequencft of the various
and extensive breaches that have been made
through the west pier, the river is fast filling up
with sand; bars are being formed at different
points; navigation is becoming obstructed; and
unless the evil is arrested—and speedily arrested,
too—that beautiful river, now so excellent and
ample for shipping, must soon be so much im-
paired as to render it impracticable for steamers
and other vessels to reach their landing. Huron,
sir, is not an insignificant place, unworthy of the
attention of this honorable body. Itnowhastwo
railroads, upon which are daily brought to the
place scores of strangers, and the rich products
of the country. The exports of Huron last
year amounted to $1,246,197, and its imports to
$500,000, amounting in all to $1,746,197; and
with its present facilities, will soon more than
double its commerce. I therefore, sir, unhesita-
tingly assert, that justice to the citizens of Huron
and Milan, as well as to the shipping upon the
luke, demands the immediate appropriation of the
$13,500 recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and reported by the Committee on
Commerce. This appropriation would complete
those portions of the piers most exposed, and thus
render that port a safe and excellent harbor.
Mr. Chairman, I wish now to invite the atten-
tion of the committee, for a few moments, to the
harbor of Vermillion. The Committee on Com-
merce has recommended no appropriation for that
port, for the reason that, at the time of the prepa-
ration of that report, there appeared to be, in their
estimation, no necessary occasion for an appro-
priation. Since that period, however, circum-
stances, over which no human agency had or
could have the slightest control, have occurred to
induce me now to appeal to this committee for an
appropriation for the harbor of Vermillion.
# The unprecedented storms on Lake Erie last
spring completely annihilated a part of the east
pier at that port, carrying it away several feet
beneath the water level; in consequence of which
the sand is rapidly filling up the channel. This
great source of mischief to that harbor should be
at once remedied- For this an appropriation of
at least $10,000 will be required.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that it is rather
dangerous to attempt to tack amendments upon a
bill; but the necessity of this is so imperative, that
I feel it to be incumbent upon me, as tke Repre-
sentative here, upon this floor, of the citizens of
Vermillion, to present this matter to the commit-
tee, and to appeal to you for that aid which the
present and future protection and safety of that
harbor absolutely requires.
Last spring, during the prevalence of a storm,
and after the pier had been swept away, the
schooner D. W. Church was wrecked, the ves-
sel and cargo were a total loss, amounting to over
$15,000; and, but for the timelyaid of the citizens,
the entire crew would have been lost with the
vessel. But the citizens of Vermillion, seeing the
awful danger to which they were exposed, flew
to their rescue, and, by almost superhuman efforts,
saved the crew from a watery grave.
The difficulty, sir, in entering this harbor is,
that, during the prevalence of a gale from the east,
it causes a powerful current to set through a large
breach in the ea:>t pier, near the land, and the
water coming in contact with the west pier, causes
a strong current to set out of the channel. The
vessel coming in contact with this current is (for
such was the case with the schooner D. W.
Church) thrown upon the west pier. Once dashed
upon the pier, she becomes unmanageable, and
her distiuction is inevitable; for the feeble hand of
man is powerless at such times.
Sir, the danger and damages resulting from the
loss of the pier extend not alone to the shipping,
and to the lives and limbs of seamen and travel-
ers, but also to the harbor itself. The channel,
in consequence of the lo^s of the pier, is, as-in the
case of others of which I have spoken, fast filling
up with sand, and must ere long, unless speedily
arrested, completely exclude all vessels from en-
tering the port. Vermillion is a place of consid-
erable trade and commerce; is worthy of the atten-
tion of Congress, and justly merits the fostering
care of the Government. There is a beacon
which, without the pier, is rendered almost use-
less to the mariner m attempting to enter the har-
bor in the darkness of the night. I hope, there-
fore, Mr. Chairman, no objection will be urged
against the small appropriation I solicit for the
improvement of the harbor of Vermillion, to save
it from destruction, and to protect our shipping
and the lives of our citizens and mariners from
the dangers to which they are now continually
exposed.
Mr. Chairman, I am done. I thank the com-
mittee for their patientattention to the few remarks
I have submitted for their consideration. My
object has been simply to state facts in regard to
the present condition and wants of the harbors
within my district, and the absolute necessity of
an immediate appropriation for their improve-
ment.
I hope, sir, that this subject will meet with the
cordial approval of every member of this House,
and that the appropriations, so necessary and just,
will be cheerfully and promptly made.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. 1 oppose
the amendment.
Mr. BLISS. I move to amend the amendment
by adding five dollars. While speaking upon this
question, I design to reply to some remarks that
have been made upon the constitutionality of
making appropriations of this character for the
improvement of our inland navigation. I believe
that I am as good a Democrat as *
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Chair if the
gentleman from Ohio is in order, and if his re-
marks must not be confined to the amendment be
has offered ?
Mr. BLISS. T think the gentleman, after hav-
ing wandered ad libitum himself, might wait until
he sees whether I am in order or not. I believe,
and so do my constituents, that it is not within the
power of Congress to make these appropriations.
I believe in the good old Democratic doctrine, that
Congress has the power to make what are strictly
internal improvements. In our section of the coun-
try we are so old fogyisn yet as to adhere to the
uniform doctrine of General Jackson, and which
was carried out in the administration of Martin
Van Buren, while he was admitted to be a Dem-
ocrat.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the amend-
ment pending? Wehavebuta fewminutesbe-
fore the time for adjournment, and 1 must ask the
Chair if the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio
are in order? :
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio must be confined to the amend-
ment he has offered.
Mr. BLISS, i am claiming thai it is withiri
the province of the House to pass this bill, and
to attach the amendment I have offered to this bill*
1 am replying to the argumentsof other gentlem.erc
on the converse of the proposition. Am I right-?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is right
if he confines his remarks to the amendment he
has offered.
Mr. BLISS. I think that not only the amend-
ment is constitutional, but that the five dollars are
also constitutional, and that both are necessary,
and I am trying to demonstrate my position, i do
not know of any particular locality m this Union
where the interpretation of Democracy is to be
sought. I am fully aware of the value of high
precedents. I, however, look first to the text,-
and for the elucidation of it ! secondly look to
precedent. I find no objection in the text of
the Constitution, and [ find that the best expo-
nents of that instrument, who have ever lived in
this country, give my view of the text, and,
therefore, I do not allow any gentleman to trans-
fer me over to any other party, because I believe
that it is within the power of this Government to
p otect its commerce, and to protect the lives of the
men by whom it is carried on.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Bliss's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed
to.
Thequestionrecurredon Mr.LiNDSLEY'aamend-
ment; and being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the eighty-ninth line:
For the improvement of the harbor atPort Clinton, Ohio,
on Lake Erie, $20,000,
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the following amend-
ments:
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river, Michigan, $15,000.
For ihe improvement of the harfefor at South Black river,
Michigan, $10,000.
for the nnpiovement of the harbor at Muskegon, Mich-
igan, #10,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Michigan whether thes£
improvements have been provided for by law?
Mr. CLARK. The estimate for them has been
authorized by law.
The CEIAIRMAN. But is there any law au-
thorizing the making of these improvements ?
Mr. CLARK. Noimprovements have yet been
made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendments out of order.
The following clause being under consideration:
For continuing the improvement of the Hudson river,
above and below Albany, but not above Troy, New" York^
§..>0,000.
Mr. SAGE moved to amend the same by
suiliing out "$50,000" and inserting after the
words " Hudson river" the following;
Including six steam dredging machines, with lighters,
and a steam tug for towing the same, with the dredged
matter beyond the influence of the currents; wheelbarrows
for the same purpose; shovels, other tools, and contingen-
cies of outfit, as per estimate and recommendation of Major
Deiatii'ld to faeneial Totten, Chief Engineer, under date of
May 25, 1853, §146,142."
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, in offering this
amendment, I but perform a duty to my constit-
uents, as well as to tsvo thirds of the whole coun-
try, for if there is such a thing as a national
work in this country—and I believe there are many
 then the Hudson river must be classed as such.
Sir, as early as the year 1797 the Legislature of
State of New York began to appropriate moneys
for improving the condition of the bed and chan-
nel of this river, and has continued to give to it,
with the aid and assistance of the cities of Albany
and Troy, its fostering care, down to the year
1834, when Congress began to^make appropria-
