1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
States an additional section of land in each town-
ship for school purposes.
Mr. DODCfE, of Iowa, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish
an additional land office in the State of Iowa.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to give notice of my in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill providing
for the construction of a railroad between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific coast. Being, sir,
somewhat of a practical railroad man, I propose
to offer to the consideration of the Senate a plan
differing in some of its features from any of the
plans which have, as yet, been submitted. I
shall, therefore, ask the indulgence of the Senate
to explain its provisions, upon its introduction.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a new land district in the State of
Florida, to be called the district of Tampa; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REMOVAL OF FLORIDA INDIANS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to the Senate the amount of public money
received and expended by Luther Blake, late agent of the
United States for the removal of Indians fiom Fioiida, as
Ruoh agent, with the objects for which said money was ex-
pended, and the number of Indians removed by him,
HARBORS ON LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol making an appro-
priation for the s-urvey of the haibor-. on Lake Supeuor,
within the limits of the United States.
PURCHASE OF PLANETARIUMS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affaiis be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of purchasing
three of Thomas II. Bailow'rf planetariums foi the use of
We«t Point Military Academy, Annapolis Naval School,
and the National Observatory.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer the following
order:
Ordcisd, That the bill for orgnnizmg the Territory of Ne-
braska he annexed, m document form, to the extia copies
of the repoit accompanying that bill, which have been lieie-
tofore otdcred to be punted.
It will be remembered that the Senate yesterday
made an order to print five thousand additional
copies of the report on this subject. It was sug-
gested by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt]
that the printing of extra numbers of the bill, be-
yond the usual number laid on the tables of Sena-
tors, would be an unnecessary expense. The
order which I now propose, and which I hope
will be adopted, provides that extra copies of the
bill shall be printed in document form, and be an-
nexed to the repoit, and be made a part of the
same document with it. The report will be very
incomplete and unsatisfactory without the bill;
we might as well, in fact, not order the printing of
ihe report. I learn from the Superintendent of
Printing that this printing will costa very trifling
amount—but §3-1 20. I hope the order will be
adopted.
The order was agreed to.
CENSUS PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN, t am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report adversely on the res-
olution of Wednesday, December 21, directing
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
printing twenty thousand copies of the Abstract oi
the Seventh Census, printed by order of the House
of Representatives at the last session of Congress.
The resolution on which tlie committee have acted
was offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Brodiikad.] I will state the reasons for the
report. The committee have directed the prepa-
ration of an abstract, in accordance with the rec-
ommendation of the Superintendent of the Census,
which will embrace a volume of some two or three
hundred pages that will be really worth something,
and vastly more desirable for general circulation
than the abstract to which the resolution of the
Senator from Pennsylvania refers. Under these
circumstances 1 am directed to report adversely,
and I hope the report will now be acted upon.
Mr. ERODHEAD. I have no objection to the
consideration of the resolution at this time; but
from the fact that we are constantly written to for
this Abstract of the Census, we may presume that
our constituents generally think that it- is pub-
lished. I should, therefore, like to inquire of the
Senator from Maine how soon we may expect
the abstract to which he refers ?
Mr. HAMLIN. It is impossible for me to say
how soon it will be published. A vast amount
of matter has been collected, and unless this ab-
stract be taken out of its order, it will necessarily
take some time before it will be printed. I can-
not answer as to the length of time which will
elapse before its publication; but it will be done
as early as possible.
The report of the committee was considered and
concurred in.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Printing to report back the oider offered by
the Senator fiom Illinois [Mr. Shields] in rela-
tion to printing five hundred copies of the General
Land Office Report, with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment; which wastoinsertafterthe word " printed"
the words " for the use of the Land Office; " so
that it shall read:
"That five hundred additional copies of the Report of
the Commissioner ol the General Lund Oiliee, which ac-
companied the PiesideiU'rf message, be printed for the use
of the .Land Office."
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
DEPARTMENTAL BUILDINGS.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 offer a resolution of in-
quiry, which I ask may now be considered:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public .Buildings in-
quuemto the expediency ot pioviding by law lor the elec-
tion of a suitable building foi the Derailment of State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. X would suggest the pro-
priety of inserting the other Departments which
need additional accommodation—the Departments
of War and the Interior, and others.
Mr. HUNTER. This is merely a resolution
of inquiry; but if the question were before us for
action 1 think I could siiow the gentleman that
we had better first go on and complete the build-
ings which have already been commenced. As
originally designed, the building tu be occupied by
the^ Department of State is to form a portion of the
quadrangle of which the Treasury building con-
stituted one side.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is no doubt correct;
but my suggestion was as to the propriety of ex-
tending the inquiry to proper buildings for the j!
other Departments which need them. 1 suppose |.
the honorable Senator can have no objection to ij
that. !
Mr. HUNTER. I did not understand the gen- j!
tleman befure: I have no objection to the amend- |
merit which he suggests.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to amend the reso- j
lution by adding " Interior, War, and the Navy," ;
so as to include " the Departments of State, Inte- i
rior, War, and the Navy." ;
Mr. HUNTER. I accept the amendment. j
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. i
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY. !
Mr. CASS. I move to refer the President's i
message communicating certain correspondence |
in reference to the treaty of July 4, 1850, with the i
accompanying papers, to the Committee on For-.,
eign Relations, in the hope that the Senate will
make the motion the order of the day for Tuesday, !
so that the subject may then be taken up and con-
sidered. I believe the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] is perfectly agreed with this
course. I move also that the consideration of the
! motion to refer be postponed to, and made the
| order of the day for Tuesday next.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
I JOSEPH MITCHELL.
! On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill for the relief of Joseph Mitchell, which
had been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands without amendment.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Government to examine the claim of
Joseph Mitchell, of the State of Maine, a soldier
in the late war with Great Britain, for bounty
land and arrearages of pay and bounty; and to di-
rect them to issue to him a warrant for such land,
and pay him such arrearages, as would be his due
if he had received an honorable discharge on the
expiration of his term of enlistment at the close of
the war.
The bill was reported to the Senate withon
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS CONSIDERED.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions lying on the table.
The PRESIDENT announced that the first in
order was the resolution of the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Dodge,] to amend the rules, so as to provide
that in all elections of officers the vote shall be
viva voce.
Mr. DODGE, of £pwa. I hope that resolution
will be passed over this morning; but I shall ask
the Senate to consider it on Monday morning.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
passed over. The next resolution is one submit-
ted by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] to
provide that all proceedings shall be with open
doors, unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I propose to call up that reso-
lution on Monday morning. Let it be passed
over for the present.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 5, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. APPLETON presented the credentials of
Hon. Samuel H. Walley, a Representative from
Massachusetts.
He was presented to the Speaker, nnd took the
usual oath to support the Constitution.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE TREASURY DE-
PARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication received from the Treasury Depart-
ment, announcing the loss of the revenue cutter
Hamilton, wrecked on Folly breakers, off Charles-
ton harbor, on the 9th of Decenmer last, and rec-
ommending an appropriation of £60,000 for the
building of four new revenue gaiters, and also to
mo,lease the compensation noVallowed to naval
officers, petty officers, gunners, and marines on
the Pacific coast.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Honae a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, inclosing, for the consideration of the Hoos-e,
a copy of a letter addressed to that Department by
R. J. Hammond, collector at San Francisco, and
Samuel J. Bridges, general appraiser for Califor-
; nia, representing the insufficiency in point of size
! of the rented building now occupied as an ap-
j praiser's store, and recommending the consfruc-
! tion of a building one hundted and twenty feet by
! forty-five feet ten inches for that purpose.
! On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was referred
] to the Committee on Ways and Means.
i Also, laid before the House a communication
i from the War Department, transmitting a report
■ of the Colonel of Engineers, with maps and esti-
! mates, showing the practicability and expediency
. of deepening and otherwise improving the basin
! of the Mississippi.
i On motion by Mr. FULLER, the matter "was
j referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
'! ordered to be .printed.
1 i REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
;! On motion by Mr. LETCHER, it was
Old-red, That the Committee on CJan.is be .lisciia-i^d
i from the consideiation of the petition of Jonathan Lewi-,
and that U he refeired to the Committee on fiiiU.m \tFan-,.
' THANKS OF CONGRESS TO JD. JX. INGR All AM.
.i Mr. DEAN, from the Committee on Foreign
j! Affairs, to which was referred the resolutions
ji relating to the presentation of the thanks of Con-
