838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
and put upon its passage, the bill which I have
just repoited. 1 am emboldened, sir, to ask this
favor of the House, from the fact that perhaps
two thirds of the members have importuned me
to take speedy action upon this measure.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have given the subject a very thorough in-
vestigation, and are unanimous in recommending
the passage of the bill under consideration.
I deem it my duty to state, briefly, the reasons
which have operated upon the minds of the com-
mittee, and have induced them to make the rec-
ommendation. By this course, the arguments
which I now present will appear, together with the
bill, in the morning's Globe, and this will enable
gentlemen on to-morrow to vote understanding^,
for or against the passage of* the bill.
And inasmuch as this argument will be in the
place of a report, I trust that, notwithstanding
much of it will consist of dry and uninteresting
details, nevertheless I may have the attention of
the House.
The argument which I desire to present being
based mostly upon facts and figures, and such es-
timates and tabular statements as have been fur-
nished the committee by the Postmaster General
and the Auditor of the Post Office Department, I
have thought it advisable, in order to avoid all
mistakes, to trust rather to my manuscript than
my memory.
In order to enable the House to understand the
provisions of the bill just reported, it becomes ne-
cessary for me to direct the attention of gentlemen
to the provisions of former laws, under which
postmasters were allowed their commissions.
Prior to the reduction of postage consequent
upon the passage of the act of the 3d of March,
1851, the commission of deputy postmasters was
aw follows, viz: On the first $100 per quarter, 30
per cent.-, on the next §300; 25 per cent.; on the
next $2,000, 20 per cent.;on nny sum beyond the
last named amount, 8 per cent.
When the foregoing rate of commission was es-
tablished, letter postage was from six to twenty-
five cents, averaging not less than twelve cents
upon each letter. Newspaper postage was then
one cent on each paper circulated m the State
where published, and one and a half cents when
circulated out of the State where published.
By the act of the 3d Match, 1851, Congress
reduced the postage on letters to three cents when
prepaid, and five cents when unpaid; and by the
act of the 30th August. 1852, Congress reduced
newspaper postage to one fourth of one cent in
the State where printed, and one half of one cent
out of the State where printed. By these two
acts Congtess has reduced the postage on both
letters and papers to not more than one fourth
what it was when the rate of commission to which'
I have referred was established.
Congrc-ss, upon the passage of the law of the
3d March, 1851, reducing the postage, did not
see fit to change the commission allowed deputy
postmasters; but gnve the Postmaster General, in
his? discretion, power to make such increased com-
pensation to them as would make their commis-
sion equal to what it was before the reduction of
postage took place.
The sixth section of the act of the 3d March,
1S51, reads as follows:
" Jit)A be it further enacted. That to any postmaster who^p
commissions may be reduced below the'amount allowed at
Jus oiTSee for tin* \eni eiMing the HOlh of June. )£5l, and
whos-e l;ihoi*s mm- he inorea^ed, the Postmaster General
s-liall he authorized, jn Ins di>eretion, to nih>w <=uob addi-
tional eoinmi>*tioii'j as lie may deem ju-t and jnopci: Pro-
vide.!, That rhe whole vmionnt ot commissions allowed each
paM muster dm nig any fiscal year shall not exceed bv more
than menu [x r cent, the amount of commissions at such
office lor the year ending the 30th day of June, Itfol.
The effect of this provision in the law of the 3d !
March, 1851, was to require the Auditor of the
Post Office Department, in the settlement with
deputy postmasters at the end of each quarter, '
to have reference to the compensation of each j
posfmnster for the vear endiog the 30th day of :
.Tune, 1851. This House will at one perceive that !
the whole clerical force under the control of the !
Si^fh Auditor, who is the Auditor for the Post !
Office Department, could not overhaul and com- |
pare the quarterly returns of the twenty-three I
thousand postmasters in the United States. It '
was found utterly impossible, tn settling the quar- j
terlv leturns of these twenty-three thousand post-
masters, to have reference, four times each year, I
to the commissions allowed at each office for the
year ending the 30th June, 1851. The conse-
quence was, that each deputy postmaster had the
fixing of his own extra compensation. To remedy
this loose and unsatisfactory manner of doing
business, the last Congress repealed the provision
of the law of the 3d March, 1851, authorizing
this additional compensation, and undertook to
settle definitely the commissions of deputy post-
masters; and by the act of the 3d March, 1853,
allowed commissions us follows;
On the fiist $100, 50 percent.
On the next §300, 40 per cent.
On the next $^2,000, 35 per cent.
On all sums over $2,000, 15 per cent.
It was then supposed that these rates of commis-
sion would be about equivalent to the commissions
allowed for the year ending the 30th June, 1851.
In this supposition, Mr. Speaker, Congress was
sadly mistaken; and the commissions, as 1 shall
demonstrate by facts and figures, were reduced
fully thnty five per cent, below what Congress
supposed they would be, and what they were for
the yeai ending the 30th June, 1851.
The most, obnoxious feature in the present law,
and against the oppression of which twenty thou-
sand intelligent American postmasters protest, is
found in the fact, that while it reduces the ?'ate$ of
postage, the labors of all the. offices have been vastly
increased, at the very time that their pay has been
greatly diminished.
in order, Mr. Speaker, that I might give the
House some conception of this increase of labor,
I have procured from the Auditor of the Post
Office Department a statement of the revenues of
the Department from the year 1840 up to the pres-
ent time. I will send it to the Cierk to be read.
[See table A in next column ]
Now, Mr. Speaker, you will please observe
that the first reduction in postage took place under
the act ot 1845. Tins act reduced the postage on
letters from six, ten, twelve and a half, eighteen
and three quarters, and twenty-five cents, to five
and ten cents, being an average deduction of moie
than one half. For the five years preceding this
deduction, the amount received for letter postage,
in round numbers, was, for 1841, $3,812,000: for
3842, &3,953,000; for 1843, $3,738,000; for ]844,
$3,G7G,000: for 1845, $3,060,000. At the end of
the last fiscal year the first act i educing letter postage
went into operation. The next six years, although
the postage was reduced more than one half, shows
a much larger average revenue; consequently the
number of letters received, distributed, and de-
livered at the various post offices, must have been
more than doubled. In 1846, the letter postage
amounted to $2,881,000; in 1847, the amount was
$3,198,000; in 1848, for letters and stamps it was
^3.340,000; in 184!), for letters and stamps it was
$3,^72 000; in 1850, for letters and stamps it was
£>4,570,000; in 1851, the last year under the five
and ien cent postage, for letters and stamps it was
$5,369,000. For the fiscal year ending the 30'h
June, 1852, the first year under the three and five
cent pobtage, for letters and stamps, $4,226,000;
for 1853, forletters and stamps, $4,473,000 These
two_ last years show that while the postage has
again been reduced more than one half, the falling
off in the revenue is only about one fifth, conse-
quently the increase in letters passing through the
post offices has again nearly doubled.
The same table, with leference to newspapers
and periodicals, will demonstrate the same results.
I need not trouble the House with a recapitula-
tion.
Now I ask, in all candor, Mr. Speaker, have
not these twenty-three thousand postmasters just
cause of complaint to find their compensation
gieatly reduced at the very time that their labor
is moie than doubled ? The present, sir, is a pe-
riod r.oted for remarkably high prices of hving,
scarcely exceeded by the memorable times of 1816
and 1836. Labor, rents, and all kinds of produce
have advanced steadily and materially in price.
They are fully twenty-five per cent, higher than
they were before the reduction, now so justly
eomplained of, took place in the compensation of
deputy postmasters. Sir, in consequence of thin
enhanced cost in living, the last Congress, and |
very justly too, raised the salaries of the various j
heads of Departments, including that of the Post-
master General, from six to eight thousand do)- j
lars. Congressmen complain, and very justly!
too, that they cannot live on their eight dollars I
per day. The clerks in all the Departments of
the Government can scarcely subsiston their $900,
$1,200, $1,500, and $1,800 per annum. Already,
sir, we have a bill before us increasing very con-
siderably their compensation. Mechanics and op-
erators everywhere are striking for higher wages,
and yet we have reduced the commissions of dep-
uty postmasters more than thirty-five per cent.,
at the same time that we have more than doubled
the Uboi that we require them to perform. Under
such a state of things, how are these postmasters
to support themselves and families? How are
they to pay office rent and clerk hue ? It would
be no wonder, indeed, if we should hear of more
frequent mail depredations. How long can hon-
est and competent men resist the temptations which
surround them, and continue in the employment
of a Government that so poorly rewards them for
! their arduous services ?
To remedy these evils, Mr. Speaker, the Com-
, mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, after
| mature deliberation, agreed upon the bill which I
have just reported, with the exception of the pro-
viso relative to distributing and separating post
: offices.
This bill, without that proviso, was submitted
to the Postmaster General for his views; and it is
due to that high functionary that I should say that
the bill does not meet his approbation.
[ A ] Auditor's Office, March 13,1854.
Sir: In compliance with the request of your letter of
this day, I iuclo-e herewith a statement of the revenue of
the Department from l#t July, 1840, to 30th June, 1853,
embracing a period of thirteen years.
Very respectfully,
WILLIAM F. PHILLIPS, Auditor.
Hon. E* B. Oi-ds, Home of Rcjntsentatives.
Go'to GO
■•£> o rc -• '
w ® ce re tf. — to IO
•u — tc co ©5 c: — i
yi <c to ^ a
^ W
to — <V> ZP
<0 CT. 5*5 -X Oi —
13 ^ o cc 5
d A Ji J©
C> CO Oi to
05 «-i oj in 35 tn v
a c
_ CO — — <1 -1W
LO to OC _
w ci o oi o> e to c> u -]
OO V' to
c yi o o ia to ©
OONXCWJ^tC-^COCOCO
5 (O ta. o
in -j
fo cs co :
IT. -1 _ to to
XCtiCJCO
*5 a
Co to
WU-JiSOO-
CO M O CO
X 65 X
<y„ <x <o
v| CJI o 51
CO CO CO tO TC
