THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33o Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 13, 1854.
New Series No. 107.
items of the bill, I desire to strike out the first
eight lines of the section, and insert what I send
to the Clerk's desk. This part of the section ties
up these appropriations so very tight that our
resurveys will be rendered almost useless unless
my amendment is adopted.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War, before expending any part of the money herein ap-
propriated, shall, in such cases a& he may think the public
interests require, cause a reexamination and resurveyof the
public works hereby appropriated for, and he is hereby au-
thorized to modify the present plan, il, in Ins opinion, the
public interests will be materially benefited then- by, and the
money appropriated by this act shall be so applied to com-
plete or make the nearest approximation to completing the
work for which each specific appiopriation made ; and it
shall be the duty of the said Secretary, at the earliest piac-
ticable time, to report to Congress the result of such rc&ur-
vey, with the plan.
Mr. HAVEN. In this case I propose to sub-
stitute what has been read from the first eight
lines of the second section of the bill. Now let
me say a few words to the committee in support
of this proposition. The second section, as it now
stands, is in these words; that before expending
any portion of the money hereby appropriated,
the Secretary shall cause a thorough reexamina-
tion and resurvey," &c.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. We will
agree to tne amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. As 1 understand my proposi-
tion is agreeable to the committee, 1 will say no
more about it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have no objection.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Haven; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have an
amendment which I wish to offer at the end of
the second section, to follow nght on. It is as
follows:
And that it shall not be lawful hereafter to employ any
commissioned, officer, in any capacity, of the United States
Arm>, in the superintendence of any or the works heieni
named, so long as the said officer shall retain his commis-
sion in the miutary fcervice.
[Cries of " Question!" "Question !"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand tellers on
that amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
Jlnd b& it further enacted, That the Secretary of War be,
and he is hereby, authorized to withhold any or all of these
appropriations, it, in his opinion, they are unconstitutional
or inexpedient.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
whether it is in order now to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Barksdale] has the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I did not expect the
amendment which I have offered would meet with
favor from the friends of this bill.
The Administration and the War Department
have been frequently referred to during this dis-
cussion, and the estimates of the War Depart-
ment have been relied upon by gentlemen in favor
of these appropriations.
The intimation has been made, if it has not been
directly asserted, that the Administration and the
Secretary of War favored these appropriations.
My object in offering the amendment was to test
the sincerity of gentlemen on this question. If they
believe the appropriations in this bill meet with
favor from that quarter, why not adopt theamend-
ment I have proposed ? I know, sir, and the coun-
try knows, that the Secretary of War is opposed
to this system of squandering the public money.
His whole political life proves his devotion to
the doctrine of a rigid construction of the Federal
Constitution. The estimates were made by offi-
cers of the War Department, under the law; but
the Secretary of War has nowhere recommended
these appropriations to be made by Congress. 1
have said that I believe I understand the posi-
tion of the Secretary of War on this question,
and I think I know the position of the Adminis-
tration, but I have no authority to do so, and do
not undertake to speak for it here. The Presi-
107
dent's course, while he was a member of Con-
gress, shows plainly what his opinions are; and
if that does not, his annual, message to Congress
is sufficiently explicit to satisfy the most skep-
tical, that whatever may be the views of gentle-
men on this floor who are most boisterous in
claiming to be Democrats of the strict construc-
tion school, that the President, at least, finds no
authority in the Constitution to carry on a system
of internal improvements by the Federal Govern-
ment.
I read the following extract from his message:
" I have omitted to ask your favorable consideration for
the estimates ot' works of a local character m twenty seven
of the thirty one States, amounting to £1,754,500, because,
independently of the grounds which have so or ten, been
urged against the application of the Federal levenue for
works of this character, inequality with consequent injus-
tice is inherent hi the nature o( the proposition, and be-
cause the plan has proved entirely inadequate to the ac-
complishment of the objects sought.
u The subject of internal improvements, claiming alike
the interest and good will of all, ha?, nevertheless, been the
basis of much political discussion, and has stood as a deep
graven line of division between statesmen of eminent
ability and patriotism The rule of stuct construction of
all powers delegated by the States to the General Govern-
ment has arrayed itself, from time to time, against the rapid
progiess of expenditures from the National Treasury on
works of a local character within the $tat^s. Memoi.ible
as an epoch in the history of this subject is the message of
President Jackson, of the 27th of May, 1830, which met the
system of internal improvements in its comparative in-
fancy ; but ho rapid had been its giowth, that the projected
appropriations m that year for works of tlin character had
risen to the alarming amount of moie than $100,000,000.
" In that message the President admitted the difficulty of
bringing back the operations of the Government to the con-
struction of the Constitution set up m 179$, and marked it
as an admomtoiy proof of the necessity o'f guarding that
instrument with sleepless vigilance against the authority of
precedents, which had not the sanction of its most plainly
defined powers."
******
u If that can be regarded as a system, which, in the ex-
perience of more than thirty years, has at no time so com-
manded the pul'lic judgment as to give it the character of
a settled policy—which, though it hn.s produced some
works of conceded importance, has been attended with an
expenditure quite disproportionate to their value-—and has
resulted in squandering large sums upon objects which have
answeied no valuable purpose; the niteiests of all the
States require it to he abandoned, unless hopes may be in-
dulged for the future which find no warrant in the pa^t."
Now, sir, I venture the prediction that if this
bill should pass—and I regret to say that the indi-
cations are that it unquestionably will—that the
President will follow the example of Mr. Polk,
and return it to the House with his veto upon it.
And if he should, he will add another to the many
evidences he has already given of his determina-
tion to preserve untarnished, during his Adminis-
tration, the true principles of the Constitution.
But if I am mistaken in this, I know what the
Democratic platform declares on this subject. It is,
" that the Constitution does fiot confer upon the
General Government the power to commence and
carry on a general system of internal improve-
ments."
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the Democratic party
support this system ?
Mr. BARKSDALE- There are some slippery
Democrats, and some Whigs who have recently
slided into the Democratic ranks also, [laughter,]
who advocate internal improvements by the Gen-
eral Government; but I hold that a Democrat who
adheres to the principles of the party cannot do it.
And I contend that those who are supporting these
appropriations are, to that extent, abandoning the
colors of the Democratic party.
Now, sir, the principle which has ever been
ingrafted on the Democratic platform is, that the
General Government has no power to carry on a
general system of internal improvements. If this
bill does not embrace a general system of internal
improvements, I ask what bill ean embrace such
a system? It commences in Maine, extends
throughout New England, lingers in the northern
and middle States, but "growingsmall bydegrees
and beautifully less," as it approaches the South,
it grants to the State of Mississippi the enormous
sum of §5,500. It seems to me that this is a
system of internal improvements in all its length,
breadth, and amplitude.
Mr. YATES, (interrupting.) i I wish to know
whether the gentleman speaks for himself, or for
the whole Democratic party, when he says the
Democratic party is opposed to internal improve-
ments?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I speak for myself; but
f say that all who are Democrats, and stand uport
the Democratic platform, are opposed to a system
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEWARD. I want the gentleman from
Mississippi, and the Democratic members of the
House, to understand that I once belonged to the
Whig party, and I am not ashamed of it, or of
| many of the principles which they advocated.
For sufficient r^ons, Known to myself, I con-
nected myself with the Democratic party; and
whenever it becomes necessary, 1 will give the rea-
sons why. "
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. SEWAR D. Oh, certainly.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to say, in refer-
ence to the remark made by me to which thegen-
tleman alludes, that we are very happy to receive
the gentleman from Georgia into the Democratic
party/ But we prefer that while he remains w.ith
us he would adheie to our platform.
Mr. SEWARD. I should be thankful to the
gentleman from Mississippi if he would state at
least what is the platform of Democracy in the
State of Mississippi; for 1 had supposed that, so
far as the Democracy of that State were con-
cerned, they were very unsettled in their opinions.
[Laughter.] I think the present Secretary of
War, in the estimation of a portion of the Demo-%
crats, placed himself outside the Democratic party
when he became a State-rights man. I had
supposed that those who placed themselves upon
the State-rights doctrine, assumed, to some ex-
tent, the doctrines of nullification and secession.
The State-rights party of the South have always
held, to some extent, those doctrines, and have
always been regarded by those who style them-
selves National Democrats as unsound in doctrine,
and as not standing upon the Democratic plat-
form.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does not the gentleman
recognize the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions
as sound Democratic doctrine? And were Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison, the authors of these
resolutions, outside of the Democratic party?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I have never yet *
been able to ascertain what the resolutions of 1798
and 1799 meant. [Great laughter.] But I will say
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that if the ab-
stract notions entertained by some gentlemen here
from Virginia and Mississippi were to prevail, it
would be impossible for Congress ever to carry
out any practical or useful legislation at all.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I rise to a question
of order.
[Loud cries of " NoI" "No!" "Lethimgo
on!"]
Mr. SEWARD. Idonotwantapointof order
raised upon me here. I do not think I am out of
order.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I insist upon my
point of order. I have no idea whether theamend-
ment pending is germane to the bill or not; but I
rise to inquire whether this discussion is germane
either to the pending amendment or to the bill
itself? • ■ •
Several Members. It is germane enough; let
him go on.
Mr. SEWARD. Am I entitled to thefloor?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman is entitled
to the floor; but the Chair will first decide the
question of order. The Chair has allowed a lati-
tude of debate upon this question which he would
not have done if a question of order had been
raised. He has, however, indulged the gentle-
