1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORRISON. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr, Perkins's
motion; and it was decided m the negative—yeas
57, nays 99; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen. Willis
Alien, Bat ksdale, Boeock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
JEhook5?, Caskie, Cobb, Colquitt, Craiye, John G. Davis,
Dowdell, EdmundSon, John M. Elliott, Goode, Grow,
Sampson W. Harris, Wilev P. Harris, Hastings, Hillyer,
Houston, Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kutrerige,
Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, MeMulhn, McQueen, Max-
well. May. Mayall, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Orr. Packer,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps. Powell, Puryear,
Ree«se, Rowe, Ruffin, Shaw, Skelton, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Richard II. Stanton, Vail, Walsh, and
Daniel 13. Wright—57.
NAYS—Messrs Banks, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Bliss, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers. Chamberlain,
Chandler, Churchwell, Clark, Corwin, Cox, Crocker,
Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D Eliot, Elli-
son, English, Failey, Femon, Flagler, Florence, Guldings,
Green, Greenwood, Aaion Harlan, Harrison, ifaven, Henn,
Hiedter, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Johnson, Kerr, Knox,i ind
ley, Lindsley, McDougall, Maey, Middleswarth, Morgan,
Nichols, Noble,Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker, Peek ham,
Pennington, Preston, Ready, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Itobbms, Rogers, Russell, Sabnt, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sey
mour, Shannon, Shower, Gernt Smith, Sollers, Frederick
P. Stanton, Heator L. Stevens, Stratton, Andiew Stuart,
David Stuai', John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout. Upham, Vans.tnt, Wade,
Walker, Wath'v, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, John Wentworth, Tappau Wentworth, Wheeler,
Yates, and Zollicofifer—99.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. WALSH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH I hope the friends of
the bill will lemain here this evening until the bill
is passed.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 68,
noes 81.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole be read over, and the
question taken in gross on all those upon which
a separate vote is not demanded ?
Mr. WALSH. No, sir; ietus take a separate
vote upon each of them.
First amendment:
Til the clause of the bill providing for the improvement
of the Ohio river, includine; the repair of the Cmnhpr'and
d>im, stuke out " #90,000," and insett in lieu thereof
ei $190,000,.'$100,000 of said sum to he expended in the mi-
piovetneut of the said riv-^r above the falls." And that ho
soon as the President oi the (Jnited States is notified bv the
boaid of president and directois ol the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company that all of the capital stock of said
company is owned by the United State-, and that the "aid
company is free from all debts and liabilities, then the Pres-
ident of the (Jnited Slates shall he, and he is hereby, au-
tiionzed and directed io appoint the proper officer to take
possession of said canal on the part of the United States,
and to take control of the canal and canal property afore-
said, so that the same may not fall into decay or obstruct
navigation; and the expenses attending the custody and
management of said canal and canal pioperty shall be paid
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appioprt-
ated, not exceeding the sum of $25,00(1 per annum ; and
from and after the 1st day of January next, the navigation
of said canal shall be fiee from ail tolls and charges what-
soever.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CAPE FEAR RIVER.
Mr. BADGER.. I will ask the Senate, before
proceeding with the usual call for petitions, to
J allow me to have a bill disposed of, which has
been returned from the House of Representatives,
with an amendment. It is a bill which passed
the Senate some four or five months ago, "making
further appropriation for the improvement of the
Cape Fear river, North Carolina."
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
read.
Mr. BADGER. I will state in a few words
what the amendment is. The bill, as it passed the
Senate, appropriated $140,000 for continuing the
improvement of the (Jape Fear river, at or near
its mouth. There was a second section in the bill,
which appropriated $60,000 to reimburse the cm-
zens of Wilmington for some moneys which they
had raised, and which they had put into the hands
of the officer in charge of the work, forthe purpose
of continuing it, after a previous appropriation
had been expended.
In the year 1852 Congress passed, in the river
and harbor bill, an appropriation for the purpose
of removing the obstructions in the Cape Fear.
The next year no general bill upon the subject
was passed, and the Senate made an amendment
to the naval appropriation bill, appropriating a
further sum for continuing the work, which was
lost in consequence of a disagreement between the
two Houses. The difficulty then presented to the
citizens of Wilmington was this: the mouth of
the river was filling up in consequence of some
jetties thrown out by the Government for the
protection of Fort Caswell, which turning the
current upon Bald Head, a sandy point opposite
the fort, washed the sand into the channel. If
the woik were stopped, from the failure of the
appropriation, matters would not remain as they
then were, to be resumed at that point when a
further appropriation should be obtained; but, on
the contrary, things would, in the interval, grow
worse, the filling up go on, the channel become
yet shallower, the work already done be entirely
lost, and consequently more money be required
for the removal of the obstruction, in consequence
of this interval in the prosecution of the work.
Congress, then, having authorized the work—
Congress having assumed it as a public measure
of importance to be accomplished by the United
States—the appropriation having become exhaust-
ed, and one Hou&e of Congress having made an
appropriation for carrying on the work, and those '
improvements forthe protection of thesite of Fort
Caswell, having been made by the Government,
and, therefore, the injury resulting being mainly
attributable to the action of the Government, the
citizens of Wilmington felt it was no intrusion of
theirK, no attempt to entrap or engage the Gov-
ernment in the prosecution of it, which would have
been highly biameable and presumptous in these
citizens; but merely a fair and justifiable effort to
preventan actual injury to the Government as well
as themselves, which would have resulted by a
stoppage of a work already authorized and com-
menced by Congress. Underthesecircumstances,
this sum of money was subscribed, and portions
of it raised. It was not expended by the citizens
or their agents. It was placed in the hands of the
officer of the Government in charge of the work;
and, so far as it has been paid over and applied,
was paid over to him, and applied by him, and
under his direction.
Under these circumstances, sir, I thought it was
not reasonable to strike out that part of the bill.
I felt satisfied that the subject wasnotfully under-
stood, and that the Government must ultimately
see that, in the removal of an obstruction to a nav- '
igable water of one of the States of the Union,
which was caused by the act of the Government
itself, it is rather hard, rather ungenerous, to
require that a small, but thriving and energetic
community upon its banks, should contribute out
of their own pockets a portion of the expense
necessary to remove the obstruction—an obstruc-
tion mainly caused by the Government itself.
I have an abiding confidence that when the mat-
ter comes to be understood at another session, this
act, small in itself, for the amount is not large,
but having high claims of justice and propriety to
sanction it, will meet with the approbation of Con-
gress. In the mean time I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment which has been made
by the House of Representatives, and allow the
bill to be passed.
Mr. CASS. As there is no noise and confusion
upon this oocasion, I shall certainly vote for the
proposition. ' * ' "
The amendment was concurred in.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a communication from(
Mr. Thomas, the agent of the United-States for
the prosecution of claims before the comm;is&iGn
now in session in London, covering certain pa-
pers, which I desire, for a moment, to explam.-
It seems that Messrs., Blyth&Greene, merchants
in the island of Mauritius, and also in London,
rendered important service to certain American
passengers at that place, advancing considerable
sums of money, for which they have never re-
ceived any return. That service was the ground
of a memorial, and a claim which they laid before
the commission now in. session in London,on the
16th of the last month; but, according to the terms
of the convention between the United States and
Great Britain, the period for presenting such*
claims expired on the 15th, the day before the
claim was actually presented. Under these cir-
cumstances, Mr. Thomas, the agent of the Uni-
ted States at London, has done me the honor to"
inclose the papers to me, and ask me to present
them to Congress. I do that now; and 1 move*
their reference to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented the petition of
Emory Washburn and six hundred other men, of
Massachusetts, praying for the repeal of the act
of 1850, known as the fugitrve slave bill.
He said that he was informed, by a letter
from a gentleman of high character, and one of
the petitioners, that the petitioners are most of
them citizens of the city of Worcester; that the
petitioners do not seek to nullify the provision of
the Constitution in relation to fugitives from ser-
vice, but they are determined that, so far as in
them lies, the provision referred to shall not be
carried out by legislation that violates the spirit,
if not the letter, of various other provisions of the
same Constitution, and which experience has npw
shown, is destructive of the peace and subversive,
of the rights of the citizens of the free States.
He moved that the petition b,e referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; the and motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented an additional docu-
ment in relation to the claim of Myles T. Wool-
ley; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of GeorgeMiddleton, praying
remuneration for services rendered duringthewar
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, a petition of Whig citizens of Green point,
Long Island, praying the repeal of the fugitive
slave law, and the restoration of the Missouri re-
striction; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial of Democratic citizens of
Greenpointand Bushwick, New York, demanding
the repeal of the fugitive slave law, and the res-
toration of the Missouri restriction; which was
oidered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rochester, New
York, praying a reduction in the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of Charles Hubbs, praying a
modification of the letter and newspaper postage
of the United States; which was referred" to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition ofcitizens of Utica, New York,
praying a reduction in the rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of students
of the New Hampshire Conference Seminary in
Northfield, New Hampshire, praying the repeal
of the fugitive slave law of 1850; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary
Mr. TOUCEY presented the petition of Reuben
Lord and others, owners of the fishing schooner
Brothers, of New London, Connecticut, praying
! to be allowed fishing bounty; which was referred
• to the Committee on Commerce.
! Mr. CHASE presented a petition of ■citizens of
, Sandusky City, Ohio, praying the purchase of a
' site, and the erection thereon, in that city, of a
j building for a custom-house and post office; which
'• was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
