1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
valid reason why the pre-sent most excellent in-
cumbent should be deprived of his $8,000 per an-
num r Perhaps, sir, the people could find Repre-
sentatives in Congress willing to hold the station
for the sake of us " incidental advantages;" but is
that a valid reason why we should all be deprived
of our eight dollars per day ? Sir, adopt this sys-
tem, and the American Congress would become as
corrupt as the British Parliament, which has long
practiced upon the system of " incidental advant-
ages." Sir, we have had, within the last year or
two, some beautiful specimens of the " incidental
advantages" of political position and official in-
fluence, as manifested in the Galphin, the Gardi-
ner, and the Mears frauds, enough, I trust, to
satisfy this House that it is not the most economi-
cal method of rewarding Government officials.
But, Mr. Speaker, if there is any soundness in
such an argument, why has not the Postmaster
General recommended the repeal of all commis-
sions to these ten thousand postmasters? If, sir,
they "hold these offices rather for the incidental
advantages they afford than for any proht accru-
ing directly to the incumbent," why are we pay-
ing them any commission at all ? If the argument
is sufficient to justify this reduction, it is sufficient
to justify a repeal of all commission. I repeat,
sir, this argument, so far as this bill is concerned,
either proves too much, or it proves nothing at all.
Discarding, then, the system of "incidental ad-
vantages," 1 put the question home to every gen-
tleman upon this floor: Will these ten thousand
postmasters, under the operation of this bill, re-
ceive a single farthing from the Government more
than they really earn? Will they receive a single
dune more than their services are really worth to
the Government? If not, sir, let us act upon the
good old maxim, " that the laborer is worthy of
his hire."
But, Mr. Speaker, the Postmaster General him-
self, has furnished us with an unanswerable argu-
ment in favor of this very class of postmasters.
In his communication to the Post Office Com-
mittee, already read, he says:
" I deem it my duty to use the present occasion to bring
to your notice the fact that the compensation ot' the post-
masters at the small offices was considerably reduced by
(hat provision of the c act to amend the act entitled an act
to reduce and modify tbe rates of postage,' &c., approved
August 30. ltssa, which declares that ' when the postage
upon any' newspaper or periodical is paid quarterly, or
yearly, in advance, at the office where the said periodical
or newspaper is delivered, or is paid yeatly or quarterly, m
advance, at the office where the same is mailed, and evi-
dence ot such payment is turnbhed to the office of delivery
in such manner as the Po^t Office Department shall, by
general regulations, prescribe, one half of satd rates only
shall be charged.' This discount of fifty per cent., allowed
for nrepavment, accrues chiefly to the benefit of the post-
makers in the large towns and cities, where the prepay-
ment is commonly made, and the country postmasters have
to deliver Hie papers and periodicals without any compen-
sation.M
Now, Mr. Speaker, does the Postmaster General
suppose that this system of deducting the fifty per
cent, for prepayment can be changed? Has hector-
gotten the clamor raised by the city press and the
publishers of periodicals during the last Congress,
followed as it was by the efforts of the city Repre-
sentatives in this Hall for this particular proviso
in the law modifying the rates of postage? Sir,
you have not forgotten it; the members of the last
Congress havenotforgotten it, and can fully appre-
ciate the futility of attempting to make any change
relative to this deduction for prepayment. I am,
therefore, certainly obliged to the Postmaster
General for placing in my hands an unanswerable
argument in favor of increasing the compensation
of the postmasters at the smaller—the country
post offices. His reasoning is so irresistible in
itself, that I feel that any additional comment of
■my own would rather tend to weaken than
strengthen its force.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. Speaker, after receiving the communication of
the Postmaster General, and the estimates of the
Auditor ofthePost Office Department, came unani-
mously to theconclusion that they had not proposed
a sufficient increase of compensation to the post-
masters of distributing and separating offices. L he
committee are also of the opinion that it is impos-
sible to fix a rate of commission to these two
classes of postmasters that will be just and equi-
table. An office with a large distribution and a
small delivery would require a laiger commission
than an office with a small distribution and a large
delivery. Take as an illustration the office at New
York, where the delivery is very large. At that
office the r«tes of commission proposed will leave
a surplusage to be returned to the general rev-
enue of the Post Office Department, whilst at Chi-
cago, St. Louis, Columbus, and many others, the
rates proposed would not afford to the postmas-
ters, after paying rents, clerk hire, &c., a single
dollar of compensation. At Columbus, in my
own district, the postmaster, after having applied
the whole of his commissions to the payment of
office rent, clerk hire, and other incidental ex-
penses, finds himself not only minus his own sal-
ary, butactually out of pocket aboutforty dollars
per quarter.
1 send to the Clerk a letter just handed me by
an honorable gentleman from Missouri:
Post Office St. Louis. March *21,1854.
Dear Sir: I have had former experience of your kind
disposition to attend 10 the interest* of tho&e having no
c);uin upon you as of your constituency, and am thereby
induced to ask your assistance m the present case.
When pobtajjes were reduced in 1851 it was evident that
the thru existing commissions to postmasters would not
pay salaries and expenses ; buta  Congress could not then
fix upon a proper rate of commissions, it was provided lhat
postmasters should receive every quarter as much as his
office paid for the corresponding quarter prior to the 30th
June, with twenty per cent, additional, at the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General.
This law continued m force until the last day of the last
session ot Congress.
On the 3d March, 1853, an act was passed fixing the com
missions of postmasters; arid, as the Postmaster General
construed it, repealing the discretion vested in him by the
act of 1851 to allow any additional compensation.
Of the passage of this law I had no notice from the De-
partment or otherwise, and was ignorant of   until I had
made my returns for two quarters.
As soon as I came to the knowledge of the fact I went
to Washington to see the Postmaster General. I showed
him that I hdd conducted the office with economy, and
that my expenses were within the provision* of the act of
Jfc5l, and that if my accounts were to be settled under the
act of 1853,1 would tail behind about $l,40u a quarter, or
$5,600 for the year.
The Postmaster General wished me to hold on to the
office for the present, and said he would piesent the sub-
ject, which embraced others as well as myself, m his an-
nua! report to Congress, and that immediate relief would
be afforded.
The Postmaster General redeemed his pledge, and repre-
sented that some postmasters not only received no salary,
but paid out their own funds to sustain the Department, and
asked that authority be given him to settle in such cases on
principles ot justice and equity.
Several months of the sctsion of Congress has now
elapsed, and no bill reported in conformity to the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General. I feel uneasy under
this state of things, and have to call upon my friends to
assist me. . . , , r <•
If the Missouri delegation will lake it in hand,! am sate
—the case is a simple and plain one.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, „
ARCHIBALD GAMBLE.
To meet such cases as this, the committee have
added the proviso having reference to distributing
and separating offices.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have demonstrated that
Congress, by the act of the 3d March, 1851, is
pledged to restore the compensation of postmasters
to something near what it was prior to the reduc-
tion which took place m postages consequent upon
the passage of that act, and the act of the 30th
August, 1852. I think I have also shown, upon
the estimates of the Postmaster General, and the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, that the
bill under consideration will not make the com-
missions of deputy postmasters as much, by more
than twelve per cent., as they were during-the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1851.
The only question, then, Mr. Speaker, which
I consider important to be further presented to the
House is this: Is it right and proper in itself that
the compensation to deputy postnmsters should
be so increased as to place them on some kind of
equality with other classes of Government offi-
cials? Certainly, sir, no class of Government em-
ployees perform more arduous and responsible
duties; and it is equally certain that no class is so
poorly paid. From every section of the Union
we hear constant murmuring and dissatisfaction
expressed. There is scarcely a member upon
this floor but what has been importuned by his
constituents to take speedy action upon some
measure which shall remedy the evil complained.
Mr. Speaker, I wilt thank the Clerk to read the
letter which I send to his desk. It is but a speci-
men of hundreds which I have received from ail
sections of the Union; and I have no doubt but
that nearly every member of this House has in his
possession many similar communications:
Sharptown, Mb., February 20,1854.
Dear Sir : Seeing by the newspapers that you are cnau-
rnan of the Post Office Committee in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I being postmaster at thia place, and not
undeistanding some matter^ as well as t presume you do,-J'
have collided to write this, In hope that you may be able
to uive me the required information.
I took charge of the post office here on 2d August last,
and among the papers handed over tome by my predeces-
sor, was an act to reduce and modify the rates of postage,
&c., m the United States, approved 3d March, 1851, Where-
in it appears that postmasters were to be allowed the
compensation they received for the quarter ending 30th
June, 1851 ? and so, by said act, when 1 made out my return
for the balance of-the quarter, I wrote to the Auditor I
should retain the whole of the money, as H would not then
be in proportion to the pay received for the quarter ending
30sh June 1851, as 1 thought that was the last law passed
on the subject of postages and compensation of post-
masters. As soon as he received my note he seijt.-me a
circular, No. 84, dated 8th of October, 1853, defining  he
commissions allowed by law to postmasters, which are
the same, or very little, "if any," better than they were
in 1850, and with more business done now ; >et a postmas-
ter's pay does not amount to half what it did previous to
the passage of the act above referred to. At that time the
business ofthe office was gradually increasing, and it was
to the postmaster's interest to build up the office, by in-
ducing persons to subscribe to newspapers, &c. But now
it is the reverse, as the trouble will not pay; a$y for in-
stance : the last quarter, ending 31st December, 1853, there
were three hundred and ninety Baltimore papers handed
out of this office to subscribers, and my commission was
only 48# cents ; whereas, there were only three hundred
and sixty fom Baltimore papers taken at this office on
31st December, 1850, and yet my commission on them was
$1 82 ; and the commission on letters, papers, &c., foMhe
corresponding quarters of1850 and 1853,will be stated below.
You will thus see what a vast difference it makes in our
commissions now and then. Besides, there is a consid-
erable more trouble in keeping the accounts, &c., now
than formerly; and if a postmaster wishes to be obliging,
and give general satisfaction, he will have to open his office
after night, although not compelled by law to do so; and it
has frequently been the case, since I have had the office, tl&t
1 have gone and opened it three and fourtimes after night, to
hand out papers, &c., to persons living in the country, who
could not >.pare the time to cotne after them m the day ;
and that is attended with s«mie expense in the way of oil
and matches. Now, if I am only to be allowed fifty per
cent, on papers, I shall never undertake to get up another
club, unless a specified salary be allowed me. I told a gen-
tleman a tew day? since that if he wanted a paper he had
better tend on the full amount to the editor and take one,
as I shall do; or, if he chose, he might get up a club,/or I
would not. The subscriptions of those now taking papers
I feel very willing should run out, as the trouble does not
pay; more especially, as t advanced the money for several
individuals composing the last two clubs , and have not
yet been paid. 1 never will have anything to do with
another c-lub, unless f get belter pay than I do now.
Now, sir, do tell me whether I am not, by the law above
relerred to, allowed to retain the whole amountcollected, if
it does not amount to as much as the commissions did on
3Uth June, 1851? or if the Department will not allow me at
that rate on our final settlement ? On your answer determ-
ines my holding the office or not. Please answer this at
your earliest convenience, and oblige,
Very respectfully, vours,
EDWARD BURFORD, Postmaster.
lion. Doctor Oi.ds.
Postmaster's commissions for the quarter ending 3lst
December, 1851, $7 89 ; quarter ending 31st March, 1852,
$9 61 ; for part of a quarter, beginning on 1st April, and
ending 22d May, 1852, $6 14; quarter ending 31st Decern,
b-r, 1 £53, $3 94; for part of a quarter, beginning On 2d
August, and ending on 30th September, 1853, $3 50.
It is not the complaint of postmasters alone
which reaches us; but the whole community seems
to be impressed with a belief, that under our pres-
ent low postage system, their mail facilities are
reduced, and the employees of this«Department are
too poorly paid to render such accommodations as
the public has a right to expect. No subject under
the control and supervision of Congress afi'ects
more directly the interests of all classes and con-
ditions of society, than the mail service of the
country. Under existing laws,the postal business
is emphatically a Government monopoly; conse-
quently, great care should be taken to render this
branch ofthe public service popular with the people,
by keeping pace with their reasonable demands
and expectations, and by giving an adequate com-
pensation to those whose time and patience are
constantly taxed in the discharge of the duties of
more than twenty-three thousand post offices
throughout the thirty-one States and the Terri-
tories of this Union.
Justice to the whole community, as well as to
these twenty-three thousand postmasters, and a
proper regard to the importance and dignity of
tabor, demand, as I conceive, the speedy passage
ofthe bill under consideration.
The positions, Mr. Speaker, which, during my
brief hour, I have attempted to elaborate, and
which, as 1 conceive, 1 have established beyond all
controversy, are-
First. That Congress, in the act of Sd March,
1851, pledged the faith of this Government that
the reduction in postage should not lead to a reduc-
tion in the compensation to postmasters.
