842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Second. That in consequence of the reduction
of postage, the labor of deputy postmasters has
been increased fully three-fold. gt
Third, That by the act of the 3d Marm, 1853,
the compensation of deputy postmasters has been
reduced more than thirty-five per cent.
Fourth That the bill winch, by the direction of
the Post Office Committee, 1 have presented for
the consideration of this House, does not increase
the compensation of deputy postmasters beyond
what they are honestly entitled to receive as an
equivalent for the labor 'they actually perform,
and is at least twelve per cent, below the com-
mission contemplated in the pledge of Congress,
given them in the sixth section of the act of the
3d of' March, 1851.
iVIr. Speaker, have I riot made out such a case
as calls upon the justice and the magnanimity of
this Congress for speedy action? Shall it be said
that, with an overflowingTreasury, and at a time
when, in consequence of the greatly increased cost
of living, we have raised the salary of all the heads
of Departments, and are about to increase the pay
of the various government clerks, that we shall
break our promise to these deputy postmasters,
and require them to labor and toil without an
adequate compensation, for fear, peradventure, the
Post Office Department may become a charge upon
the National Treasury? 1 cannot, I will not be-
lieve that Congress will subject itself to the odium
that must follow such a policy.
Let me say, in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, for the
information of the House, and as obviating any
necessity for delay, that the language of the bill
under consideration is precisely the language used
in existing jaws upon this subject. The only
change is in the rate of commission, and in the
piovtso relative to distributing and separating
offices. I hope, sir, the bill may at once receive
the favorable consideration of this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman—thechairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads—a question. I
desire to know if this bill proposes to go back in
its operation to postmasters who are out of office?
1 ask the question, because I did not understand
what was the fact upon this point when the bill
was read.
Mr. OLDS. It is to take effect from the com-
mencement of the next fiscal quarter; but in dis-
tributing offices, where actual losses have occurred,
it allows the Postmaster General to go back to the
first of March last, and to make up such losses.
Mr. HOUSTON. I also desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question m connection with
this hill. Does he piopose to alter the rates of
postage in any manner so as to increase the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department so as to make
up the deficiency which this bill will create?
Mr. OLDS. 1 will answer the gentleman. The
Committeeon the Post Office and Post Roads have
reported a bill requiting the postage upon letters, in
all cases, to be ptepaid. We have not, it is true,
made any provision for changing the rates of post-
age; but when that bill comes up for consideration,
it will be in the power of any gentleman to pro-
pose any change in the rates of postage which he
may think proper. And I will say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that when that bill comes up
for consideration, if he will introduce a proposi-
tion increasing the postage on letters from three
to five cents, it will meet my most hearty approba-
tion, and shall have my support.
I have shown conclusively to the House that
five and ten cents are the revenue point in respect
to postage on letters—that when the rates were
higher than that, the amount of revenue derived
was less; that when the rate was reduced below that
point the amount of revenue derived was also
less; and that five cents is the point which will
produce the highest revenue point.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my friend from Ohio ;
state the difference between the receipts into the \
Post Office Depaitment and the expenditures of t
that Department; in other words, will he inform I
me how much the General Treasury has to pay !
for the Post Office Department? !
Mr. OLDS. I will answer the gentleman. Ex-
cluding the amount paid to the Collins line of !
ocean mail steamers, and excluding the amount
paid to the California ocean mail steamers, which 1
do riot properly come within the expenditures of
the Post Office Department, the deficiency is still j
above $2)000,000 for the present fiscal year. |
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio as saying that he leaves out the
amount paid to these ocean mail steamers, as not
properly coming out of the revenues of the Post
Office Department?
Mr. OLDS. As leaving out only those now
charged to the revenue of the Department. If I
understand correctly, the Collins and Law & As-
pinwall lines of steamers are not a charge on the
revenue of the Post Office Department, but are paid
out of the Treasury of the United States, while
the Bremen and other lines are a charge on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. How much charge are the
Collins and the other lines? I believe a million
and a quarter.
Mr. OLDS. The Collinsline costs $858,000 per
annum, and the Law & Aspinwall hue §838,UOO
per annum; in all, more than a million and a half
of dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I understand the sum
of the statement of my friend from Ohio to be,
that the general Treasury is supplying, at this
time, a deficiency of about $3,500,000 in the rev-
enue of the Post Office Department, including all
the ocean mail service.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman undertakes to
make the ocean mail service a charge on the De-
partment, which Congress never contemplated.
The very cry raised by gentlemen in favor of these
ocean mail steamers was, that they were to be
war vessels in case of war; and it was a mere pre-
tense to put them into the carrying of the mail.
And if you will do away with your ocean mail
steamers, and open the carrying of the ocean mails
to contracts, as you do your land service, f venture
the prediction that, instead of paying #33,000 the
round trip, you can have it made for less than
§10,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that he has a bill proposing
some modifications in relation to postage. Would
it not be in order for the gentleman to move the
substance of the bill in connection with this one,
as it is now up, so that we way have a guarantee
it will be acted on at this session of Congress,
and that this great deficiency between the revenue
and the expenditures of the Department shall be
lelieved ? If we go on in this way; if we go on
tinkering—for I must regard it as nothing else—if
we go on tinkering the postage of the country as
we have been doing for a few years, in a short time
you will have your whole Post Office Department
a charge on the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. OLDS. I will say, for the information of
the gentleman from Alabama, that the bill to which
he has referred stands high on the Calendar, and
will undoubtedly be reached in time to be acted
on at this session of Congress; and I do not choose,
for one, to bring all the prejudices that will be
brought to bear against the proposition to raise the
postage, to bear against the bill for paying the
postmasters a proper compensation; neither do I
see that the two are at all connected. Y^u have
an overflowingTreasury. You require these post-
masters to labor for nought, nay, absolutely to pay
outof their own pockets the expenses oftheirpost
offices, and while you have this overflowingTreas-
ury. Do justice to them; pay them a reasonable
compensation, and then raise your postage, and
you will have my approbation to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I have but a few more words to
say in relation to this matter; and I desire, unless
some gentleman proposes to ask me a question in
reference to the bill, to call for the previous ques-
tion, and put the bill on its passage.
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was notthe gen-
tleman's time out before he called for the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. It was not out for one
minute.
Mr. OLDS. I was cautious, and kept my eye
on the clock.
Mr. JONES. 1 would ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question ?
[Cries of "No!"]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previousquestion so that
I may make a few remarks.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman will promise to
renew the ca'l I will; but not otherwise.
Mr. JONES. I promise to do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We have not seen
the bill, and know nothing about it.
Mr. OLDS. The bill was published in theEven-
ing Star two days ago.
Mr. WALSH. We are not all star-gazers.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. JONES. Did the gentleman from Georgia
move to lay the bill upon the table?
Mr. SEWARD. I did.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman withdraw it,
as the call for the previous question has been with-
drawn ?
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I move to recom-
mit this bill to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, with instructions to report a bill
in connection with it to increase the postages of
the country so as to meet the expenditures of the
Post Office Department.
I have no idea that this House, from the feeling
which has been manifested here, will sustain my
motion; but I will vote against this bill in its pres-
ent shape, if I stand alone.
Mr. OLDS. 1 expected you would.
Mr. JONES. Yes; and the gentleman should
do it also.
Mr. OLDS. No, he should not.
Mr. JONES. The reduction of the postage com-
menced in 1845, and we put it at five and ten cents
upon a single letter. The first effect of that was
that the receipts fell below the amount necessary
to defray the current expenses of the Department.
After a year or two, however, the receipts about
came up to the wants of the Department. Then
a further reduction was made; and from that time
to this, the mail service has been principally quar-
tered upon the Treasury of the country, and con-
sequently on the tax-payers, and not upon those
who are particularly benefited by that service.
Now, sir, the Postmaster General, in his re-
port at the commencement of the present session
of Congress, shows that the whole number of post
offices in the United States at the close of the last
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1853, was 22,320.
Of that number 255 are of the highest class, the
postmasters at which are appointed by the Pres-
ident. Out of the 23,000 post offices in the Uni-
ted States which the gentleman from Ohio has
referred to, and the postmasters at which, he says,
are clamoring here for an increase of compensa-
tion, but 255 of them are of what is considered by
the Department of the first class, or those the post-
masters of which are appointed by the President;
and I believe the President appoints all postmas-
ters, by and with the consent and advice of the
Senate, whose compensation annually exceeds
$1,000.
Then, sir, by the operation of the bill which
has been reported this morning and read at the
desk, you give sixty per cent, upon the first $100
per quarter; that leaves $40 for the Department.
Upon the next $300 you give fifty per cent.; and
the compensation, if the amount should be $400
per quarter, will be $210 per quarter to the post-
master, and $190 to the Post Office Department;
and this rate of compensation will cover all the
post offices m the country, except those two hun-
dred and fifty-five, the postmasters of which are
appointed by the President. Thus you give more
than one half of all the postages of the country
for the collection of them.
Now, sir, if you will increase the postages so
as to supply this deficit of §2,000,000, and let the
compensation of postmasters stand at what it is
at present, you will increase their commission
more by that operation than you will by passing
this bill mesely for the increase of compensation
without touching the postages. For one, I be-
lieve it would be much better if you just give
postmasters, at all offices under $500 a year, the
entire receipts of their offices, and dispense with
the immense force we have here to audit, control,
and collect these quarterly reports of postmasters
thioughout the country.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] read
some statements of the Postmaster General, to the
effect that there were ten thousand postmasters
who did not accept their offices for the sake of any
emolument to be expected therefrom. I think
myself that a reference to the list of post offices
and postmasters throughout the country, the re-
ceipts of their offices, and the compensation which
they receive, will satisfy any gentleman who will
take the trouble to make that investigation, that
