132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
Jan.
and whether it is necessary to insert in them the
reasons for approving of what the resolutions call
a judicious and gallant act on the part of Captain
Ingraham, on the second dayof July last, " in ex-
tending the protection of the American Govern-
ment to Martin Koszta, by rescuing Jiim from
forcible and illegal seizure and imprisonment on
board the Austrian brig Hussar."
Why, sir, it is certainly not to be inferred from
these resolutions that the action of this naval offi-
cer was a mere act of humanity. If it was a
mere act of humanity—an interference in favor of
a person who had no right to the protection of the
American Government—it certainly would not
have been judicious conduct on the part of Cap-
tain Ingnmam.
Mr. PHILLIPS, (interrupting.) The chairman
of the committee which introduced these resolu-
tions, expressly stated that the resolutions were so
framed as to exclude the question which involved
the right of citizenship of Martin Koszta.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. It is due to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs that I should re-
peat what I have already said, as I am still mis-
understood. We meant, by our decision, to ex-
clude all debatable questions, and not that the
decision should be less emphatic from the cause
that we did not assign the reasons for it. We left
the resolutions to speak for themselves. That is
what I have said over and over again.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) I think the res-
olutions do speak for themselves, just as expli-
citly as they would if you should insert in them
every fact connected with the affair. How much
would it add to the strength of the resolutions if
you should say by them "that Martin Koszta,
a native of a Hungary, who had declared his in-
tention of becoming an American citizen," &c. ?
It does not exclude the fact, because the whole
■world is aware of its existence. If the gentleman
intends to declare an abstract principle of inter-
national law, I apprehend this is not the place to
assert such a principle, and this not the mode in
which it ought to be done. It seems to me that
everything which is important is in these resolu-
tions. It has the sanction of the American Con-
gress—the sanction of a great act of gallantry in
an American naval officer, as well as of high moral
courage, in executing his simple duty, as the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] says; and that
duty the preservation of the rights of those en-
titled to the protection of the American Govern-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It certainly is not
my purpose to enter elaborately into the discus-
sion of this question, but to make a few remarks
upon it for the consideration of the House, which
I hope will not be entirely without effect.
When the honorable chairman of the committee,
or a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
reported these resolutions to the House this morn-
ing, thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
seemed to regard it as a matter of course that they
should pass. He represented to the House that
they had been reported from one of the ablest
committees of this body, and therefore there
should be an end of all inquiry; in truth, that we
onght to adopt them without debate, because they
were reported by a committee of this high intel-
lectual character.
The suggestion was made by my colleague that
some time should be taken for the consideration
of these important resolutions. Instantly a great
degree of feeling and animation was manifested,
not only by the gentlemen from South Carolina
and Virginia, but also by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and others. The simple proposition that
we should greatly consider this matter, and delib-
erately perform the high duty required at our
hands, and take time for the purpose of enabling
us to do so, was regarded as an act of treason to
the country. I cannot understand the reason of
this. If there be anyone thing m public conduct,
or in public legislation, more valuable m its results
to the common wants of mankind than another,
it is that sentiment, opinion, and action which is
expressed after careful consideration and delib-
eration. 1 do not hesitate to say to this Hou^e,
that if Captain Irgraham shall receive the com-
pliment of resolutions passed by this body, he
would infinitely prefer that they should pass after
a deliberate examination of the whole question,
than as a matter o(furor and feeling. In this par-
ticular case, what are the facts? The chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Aff&irs, or at least
that committee report a series of resolutions, in
which, as has been truly said, not one principle is
professed to be decided. The committee, instead
of meeting this question in the spirit in which
Captain Ingraham met the difficulty in which he
was placed—instead of coming forward and fear-
lessly taking the responsibility of the movement
before the world—avoid the question, and report
simple resolutions evading all commitment to any
principle whatever. I say to you, Mr. Speaker,
and this House, that I will never act upon any
such considerations.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I wish to ask the
gentleman a single question, and that is, if the duty
of protection by the American Government is not
expressly implied from the very phraseology of
the resolutions?
Mr. SMITH. We are told by the gentleman
who reported the resolutions, and by those gen-
tlemen who have spoken in their favor, that they
intend to commit themselves to nothing.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not want to interrupt my
colleague, but I want to make a single explana-
tion. I hope I shall have an opportunity soon of
being heard upon this question. I have said, and
I say now to my friend—for he is my friend—
that 1 have made no such assertion as he has rep-
resented me as having made. What I said was,
that we had not declared the reasoning which
brought us to the conclusion that we had declared
the principle of protection—the right of protection
for the American Government. One colleague of
mine objects to a part of the resolutions as being
deficient. Another colleague of mine objects to
that part in which we have said that he was en-
titled to the protection of the American Govern-
ment. Between these two fires I do not know
where I am to land.
Mr. SMITH. I will only say one word in
xeference to my colleague. The House will re-
member that but a moment ago he was endeavor-
ing to obtain the floor. I took the liberty, as a
friend, to suggest to him that I thought he ought
to give others a turn; but he declared solemnly to
me, that he had not made a speech upon the subject
at all, and that hehad not said a word. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, that is a style of
debate my colleague is certainly not accustomed
to—1 mean to misrepresent a friend. He never i
did it knowingly, that I recollect. He says I told
him that I had not had the floor to-day. Now I
did not say that at all. I said that I had not the
floor upon my own account; that other gentlemen
had had the floor, and that they had allowed me
to make explanations, just as my colleague [Mr.
Smith] is now doing. That is what I said.
Now, the gentleman ought to be parliamentarian
enough—for he has won nearly all his renown in
parliamentary bodies—to understand the distinc-
tion between having the floor regularly assigned
to him, and being allowed to occupy it for the
purpose of explanation through the courtesy of
other gentlemen. Sir, the Chair hag never as-
signed the floor to me upon this question, though
I hope he will do it before this debate is over.
Mr. SMITH. 1 do not profess to be much of
a parliamentarian, but I will state, that whether
my colleague [Mr. Bayly] is a parliamentarian
or not, he is certainly an able tactician; for if he
does not succeed in getting the floor upon his own
hook, he does succeed in getting it upon every-
body else'a hook. But let this pass.
The President of the United States, in his in-
augural address, lays down admirable views in
reference to this subject—views which, I venture
to say, will find a response m the breast of every
American citizen. He declares that every citizen
of the United States shall have the broad regis of
his country spread over him wherever he may
be. That is the principle which I desire to see
adopted in the future action of this Government,
wherever an American citizen, whether by birth
or adoption, may be—in whatever portion'of the
j globe he may be found—the fact that he is an
i American citizen should be enough. Yes, Mr.
; Speaker, it should be enough, in the hour of diffi-
; culty and trial, for him to stand up and say, " I
I amfin A mencan citizen."
; Sir, that sentiment in the inaugural address was
■ responded to literally by the deepest jmlstitions of
■ every American heart; and no American will be
j found who will not stand up and vindicate that
i sentiment wherever it may be assailed.
Well, sir, the Secretary of State, following up
the sentiment so beautifully expressed in the Presi-
dent's inaugural, of which the gentleman from
Alabama, over the way, [Mr. Smith,] seemed to
think so lightly,gave to the world that State paper
to which allusion has been made—a paper which
never has, and never can be, answered—a paper
which will stand the scrutiny of time. He avowed
a principle of international law which will, ere
long, become acknowledged by the world.
Gentlemen have undertaken to put the action of
Captain *Ingraham upon the ground that Koszta
was, in whole or in part, an American citizen.
Now, I wish to be distinctly understood. Sir, I
repeat, here in the presence of those with whom I
am associated in the great purposes of legislation f
that that paper of the Secretary of State does noty
directly or indirectly, in any respect whatsoever,
place the justification of Captain Ingraham's con-
duct upon the ground that Koszta was, in whole
or in part, an American citizen, and the country
does not so understand it. The Secretary of State
expressly puts it upon the ground that Koszta
had acquired the rights and privileges of habit-
ancy, and refers to the fact that he had taken the
proper initiative steps to become an American
citizen, as evidence to show that he had obtained
the right of habitancy in good faith; and then he
goes on further to say, in answering the objection
which might be made, and has been made, that a
foreign revolutionist might come here and take
the initiative steps in one of our courts to become
an American citizen, with the view of entangling
us in controversies with foreign Powers, that
while any person has the power to obtain the right
of habitancy, the Government is not bound to
maintain and protect him in those rights, unless
acquired in good faith. The right of the Gov-
ernment to protect itself against the effect of such
an attempt is clear and unmistakable. That is
the doctrine of Mr. Marcy, and it is a doctrine
upon which the country may stand with safety.
Mr. Speaker, in this state of the question, when
the President has spoken out, when the Secretary
of State has spoken out, why has not the honor-
able Committee on Foreign Affairs, with the same
frankness and courage, spoken out also?
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Do I understand
the gentleman from Virginia to say that the letter
of the Secretary of State does not sanction and
applaud Captain Ingraham's conduct?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Oh,no I Certainly,
on the contrary, that letter did sanction and ap-
plaud his conduct. I hope the reporter better
understands the position I take. I repeat, that the
Secretary of State did not justify the conduct of
Captain Ingraham upon the ground that Koszta
was, in whole or in part, an American citizen.
He justified it upon the ground that Koszta had
acquired the right of domicile, and he referred to
the initiative steps that he had taken to become a
citizen, as evidence that that right had been ac-
| quired in good faith. That is the ground he took;
J and he took the further position, manswer to the
j charge which might be made of involving us in
! conflicts with foreign countries, that this right was
j not a perfect and complete one, imposing a duty
! on this Government to be exercised under all
: circumstances, but one which left this Government
j at liberty to extend its protection or not.
! Then, sir, the President had spoken in a tone
! that went to the heart of the country; the Secre-
■ tary of State had spoken in a tone which had
! reached the extreme borders of our Republic, and
had scarcely called forth a single expression of dis-
sent; and not only^that, but Europe herself has
been silenced. Sir, it is one of the most remark-
able facts, perhaps, in the history of the day, that
1 in reference to that great State p>aper]which has
produced such a sensation in this country, and
commanded so much applause, Europe, so sharp
to observe the doings of Young America, and so
ready to censure and to criticise upon all occa-
sions, has been almost entirely silent on this sub-
ject; the public press and politicians of Europe
have not, in this instance, indulged in their usual
criticisms, because they could not find fault with
that great paper, or with the doctrines promulged
in it. The subject is now brought to the attention
of another branch of the Government—the Con-
gress of the United States—and that, too, in a very
interesting form, and we ought to rise up to the
dignity of the occasion—we ought to back up the
other Departments of the Government, and base
