1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr HUNTER presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, concerning the fees of dis-
trict attorneys, and the propriety of an act, to
regulate the same; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
and papers of Juan M. and Jos£ L. Luco.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Arthur Washburne have, leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of P. C. Miles, together with
the adverse report of the Committee on Pensions thereon,
be recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr.. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the mefnoiial of
Nancy D. Holker, of Virginia, by her agent,
Holker Hughes, praying Congress for the repay-
ment of a sum of money loaned by her husband,
John Holker, to Congress, during the revolu-
tionary war, in continental currency, at such rate
as was then allowed for the said currency m gold
or silver, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for her relief; which was read and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
Mr^DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, to graduate and re-
duce the price of the public lands to^a.ctua.1 settlers
and cultivators, reported it back without amend-
ment. . ,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to extend the right of preemption on
unsurveyed lands in Minnesota, and for other
purposes, reported it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to reduce and graduate the price
of the public lands, reported it back without
amendment, and moved that it be laid on the
table. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill for
the relief of A. G. Penn, reported it back without
amendment, together wiiha report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER.from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ,'to whom were referred th e m emo rial of James
M. Carlisle and Walter S. Cox, administrators,
with the will annexed, of Cornelius P. Van Ness, i
deceased, praying there payment of money alleged ;
to have been erroneously paid into the Treasury by I
the said Van Ness, while collector of the customs
for the district of Vermont; and the petition of
Madalena Van Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Van
Ness, deceased, praying that whatever amount
may be allowed on the claim of her late husband,
C. P. Van Ness, deceased, may be paid to her,
and not to the administrators, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of Madalena
Van Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Van Ness,
deceased; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
NEW REGISTER.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to change the name of
the American-built brig Hallowell to that of James
Rose, and to grant her a new register, reported it
back without amendment, and asked for its imme-
diate consideration.
No objection being made, the Seriate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill; and it was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be read a
third time,.was read a third time, and
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYEES.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I made a report,
a day or two since, from the select committee on
the organization of the officers of the Senate, ac-
companied by resolutions fixing the salaries of
those various officers, and classifying them as the
committee had agreed upon. Since that report
came in and was ordered to be printed, the House
of Representatives have sent us a joint resolution ,
affecting the salaries of the officers of both Houses, !'
and I have, therefore, with the approbation of the II
committee, withdrawn thepapersfrom the printer,
with a view to .accommodate the salaries which
we had proposed to give to this proposition of the
House to increase them by twenty per cent; and
the committee authorize me now to ask the henate
to allow us to substitute resolutions, framed upon
that basis, modifying the resolutions heretofore
ordered. I now offer them in the modified form.
The order to print can stand. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator ask for any
action ? ....
Mr. MASON. I have no objection,of course,
to the consideration of the resolutions now, unless
some Senator desires to see the report printed.
Several Senators. Let it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tions will lie over, and, with the report, be printed.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senate had better
now take up the joint resolution of the House of
Representatives, m respect to the pay of the offt-
ceis, and have it referred to the select committee
from which we have just had a report.
The joint resolution from the House to fix the
compensation of the employees of the legislative
department of the Government, and to prohibit
the allowance of the usual extra compensation to
such as receive the benefits hereof, was accord-
ingly taken up, and referred to the select commit-
tee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HAMLIN. It will be recollected by the
Senate, that a long time since, a resolution was
passed ordering an additional number of the Com-
pendium of the Census to be printed for the use of
the Senate. The motion was made to reconsider
the vote by which that resolution was adopted, for
the purpose of affording the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] an opportunity of offering
an amendment. It is very desirable that that res-
olution should be disposed of. The Senator from
South Carolina, I undeistaml, is ready to suggest
his amendment. I ask the Senate to consider it
now. It will take but a moment.
At the request of some Senators, Mr Hamlin
withdrew his motion to allow the presentation of
a petition, which having been done, he renewed
the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I perceive that this morning
two pamphlets have been laid upon the desks of
Senators  . . ,
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 believe my motion is pend-
'"^Mr. HOUSTON. I will occupy but a moment.
I am not going to make a speech. Two pam-
phlets have been laid upon my desk, and 1 presume
they have been laid npon the desks of other Sen-
ators. One of them is a letter addressed to my-
self, as Senator from Texas. It appears to be
signed by a Mr. E. W. Moore. I will not go into
a review of the pamphlets, or either of them, at
this time; but that one single fact may be under-
stood, as it is of very recent occurrence, I will
read It. I see he says, in reference to the power
of attorney which he drew up for Mrs. Nancy
Wilber from the treasury of Texas:
" I have never reeoived one cant of the money due the
widow of D. C. Wilber. The fi^t power of attorney was
mfoimal; on presenting the second one, the auditor wrote
me the following:
t Raymond (the treasurer) thinks the power of attorney
from Mrs. Wilber will be sufficient to draw her husband's
pav, If you will accompany it with the proof that she i* the
"''fuYoim trolly, JOHN M. SWISHER.'"
This, sir, was done to avert the calamity to
her, and to prevent her being swindled out of the
money. In the year 1848 she gave a power of
attorney to E. W. Moore, upon which, on the 2d
of May, 1851, he drew a certificate for §684 93.
That was three years ago. She applied to him
in person for the certificate, as she represents to
me. She wrote to him twice. In 1852, after
receiving this certificate, he wrote for a second
power of attorney; and, whether presented or not,
he drew the certificate under the first power of
I attorney. She has recently been here, yet he has !
: held or retained that certificate to which she was
i entitled, for the amount I have specified, for three
! years. He writes to her latterly, that with much
| of his money tied up at Austin, he has many
difficulites.
These are the facts: He says he has not drawn t
a cent of the money; but he does not deny having j
drawn the certificate which was her property, and i
which has been retained from her tor three years.
Sir, she is the widow of a gallant man who re-
ceived injuries in Texas in Moore's unauthorized
expedition to Yucatan—injuries so deep that he
lingered, and under the influence of them, died,
after havinff depended on her industry to sustain
him whilst°life lasted. He passed to the shades.
She has had the calamities and bereavements of
widowhood upon her, and an orphan boy to sus-
tain in a state which appeals to humanity. ^
not think that there was avarice greedy enough, or
profligacy so wanton as to deprive a widow and
orphan of their only mite. I leave it heie, sir, for
the present; Saw-day is my day always.
COMPENDIUM OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. Hamlin's motion was agreed to: and the
Senate accordingly proceeded to consider the mo-
tion submitted by Mr. Mason, on Tuesday, the
17th of January, to reconsider the vote by which
on that day the resolution, reported from the
Committee on Printing, to print fifty thousand
copies of a Compendium of the Seventh Census,
to be arranged by the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus, was adopted, as amended.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The resolution, as adopted, was:
Resolved. That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate fifty thousand copies ol a Compendium ol the Seventh
Census, to be arranged by the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus embracing the population by towns and counties; the
ratio tables of population; tables ol nativities births,
marriages, and deaths; of the deaf, dumb, blind, insane,
and idiotic ; of schools and colleges; of aggiegatcs of oc-
cupations; of ehuiches ; of newspapers and libraries ; and
of agricultural products; Willi illustrative notes and com-
narative tables: Pioviiei, The said Compendium shall be
printed in royal octavo lonn} flud not exceed tour hundred
pages."
Mr. BUTLER. 1 move to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting after the words "agricultural
products," the words:
And also a table showing the ntlmbcrs of acres ofland
in cultivation m each of the principle staple productions of
the soil, ami the aggregate numbers of acres in cultivation
in each oi the States and Territories of the United States.
That, I understand, will be acceptable to the
Senator who reported the resolution. And, Mr.
President, I desire to make this remark. It has
been always my wish to ascertain the number of
acres in cultivation, and, of course, the aggregate
products from them. In order to obtain that, I
understand, a table, something like what I hold in
my hand, will, perhaps, take up one page; that is,
there will be one column showing how much cotton
is made in Louisiana; how much tobacco in Vir-
ginia; and how much rice in South Carolina; and
showing, further, how much is made on every
acre; and ultimately carried out, it will show how
much arable land there is in cultivation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator whether he has made any calcula-
tion by which we can know how many copies are
to be allowed to each Senator, that is to say, to
each State. I think that compendium will be very-
desirable, as there is a very great deficiency in the
number of the copies of the census. We have
not had enough of tliem to supply the demand.
But I wish the honorable Senator who introduced
the amendment would propose one further table,
and that would be a relative one, showing the
statistics, as far as they can be shown, of the
decimal census from the beginning, when the
census, as taken heretofore, has given us such
matters for comparison. That would give ua
the comparative results at different periods. It
would make it very desirable if thatcould be added
to it. The value of statistics depends altogether
on the comparison of them with the statistics of
other countries and of other times.
Mr. HAMLIN. Perhaps this work does not
embrace every thing that every Senator would de-
sire; very probably it does not. I can only say
that the committee to which the subject was re-
ferred, after carefully conferring with the super-
intendent, Mr. De Bow, came to the conclusion
that this was the best work that could be prepared
within the limits named. The very point, how-
ever, to which the Senator calls my attention, I
think is provided for in the resolution. It does
provide for comparative tables.
I desiie only further to say, that the amendment
which the Senator from South Carolina has of-
fered, I think was embraced in the resolution as
it was originally reported; but to make it abso-
lutely certain, to leave it without doubt, the Sen-
