1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
our approval of their course in reference to Koszta
upon a sentiment, and not upon
'c The lid^e!e s fabue of a vision."
Sir, it was avowed by lite chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in the opening of
this debate—although he never had the floor—and
ir has been referred to again and again, in the
course of the discussion, that these resolutions
would not commit anybody to any principle, as
there was a diversity of opinion upon this occa-
sion. Now, I want to be committed to a principle.
I want this House to be divided upon a principle.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. What principle ?
Mi. SMITH. I want the vote on the resolu-
tions commending Captain Ingraham, to be imt
upon a principle. « /
Mr. BAYLY. Tell us what principle, yf
Mr. SMITH. I will do so if the gentleman
will give me time. My colleague asks me upon |l
what principle I would have this question put.
Sir, I would have it put upon the great principle
of right—upon the principle stated in the cele-
brated letter of the Secretary of State.
What was the situation of Captain Ingraham
in the bayof Smyrna? He saw enough to satisfy
him to his course of conduct; he saw this man,
.Koszta, iii the Lands of Austrian power, with an (
Americ vi protection in his hands. i
Sir, di<! it become an officer of this country to j
look behind that paper? It was enough that the 1
competent authorities had placed a paper in the |
hands of Koszta, which gave him a claim upon ;
the country; and I do not hesitate to say that ;
Captain Ingraham would have been false to the j
character which belongs to the American sailor, j
and false to the pride that belongs to an American |
citizen, if, when finding a man, who had the evi- j
dence of a right to American protection in his i
hands, in li durance vile," among lawless A us- j
trians, I may say, he did not do exactly as he did. j
Was he right or not in acting in conformity to the i
paper in Koszta's possession? If he were right,
why not say so ? Why do you not spread over the
face of the earth the fact that an American soldier,
or an American sailor, has no right to inquire j
whethera competent authority issued by the proper i
authorities was rightfully issued or not? That is ;
enough for our sailors and soldiers, that the man
claiming American protection has the evidence of
his right to it in his possession ? Can our seamen
in foreign lands pause for an instant to inquire
whether that evidence was issued or not by the
one who had the right to do it?
But that is not all. Are the doctrines involved
in the higher view of the question sound or not?
Could not this committee go into the principles of
international law which have been spread before
the country, and give them the seal of the appro-
bation of the assembled Representatives of the
American people? The President of the United ;
States has indicated his sentiments and opinions j
conclusively. The Secretary of State, who has ]
our foreign relations in charge, has given his to (
the public unmistakably. The people's Repre- ,
sentatives have now nothing to do but confirm the i
doctrine thus promulgated, and thus give a moivil i
tone, as well as legal effect, to the question abroad j
for its perfect settlement in the future. 1 cannot, j
for my life, see why this thing cannot be done, i j
cannot imagine why it is not proper. ^ j
I think then, sir, that under these views of the j
case, without meaning to transgress further on
the time of the House, that this committee ought
to have reported the grounds upon which Captain
Sngraham's conduct was to be justified and ap-
plauded. The truth is, his merit is in the fact,
that, in a foreign port, where this question was
sprung suddenly upon him, and without affording
him time for reflection, he performed his high
duty in a gallant and praiseworthy manner.
Here, before I dose, let me say that no man is
to suppose for an instant that the course of dis-
cussion or remark had to-day involves any hos-
tility to Captain Ingraham. I think, it is true,
that in adopting these resolutions we do more than
the simple performance of oar duties-, but that is
the fashion of the day. Nobody can imagine
that any one of us is unwilling to give the just
measure of praise to the gallant officer who so
noblv illustrated our country's institutions.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Perhaps, Mr.
Speaker, 1 should not have presumed to rise, had
I been duly influenced by what the gentleman from
Alabama has just now told us, of the character-
istics of a statesman. For, in that gentleman's
esteem, the heait does not entei into the composi-
tion of a statesman. With him the statesman is
a creature all head and no heart. With me, on
the contrary, the heart is of more account than
the head—and that, too, in all the possible cir-
cumstances of life, including even tire province of
statesmanship. A higher authority than the*gen-
tleman from Alabama makes more of the heart
than ofthehead. His command,as well upon the
statesman as upon every other person, is, " my
son, give me thine heart." The heart first, and
the head afterwards. The faculties of man drive
on but to mischief and ruin, unless the heart be
first given to the right and the true.
I find that gentlemen of Alabama agree in their
definition of a statesman. Anothergentleman from
that State, [Mr. Phillips,] when reviewing my
speech, a fortnight-ago, kindly informed me that
I am but a sentimentalist, and not a statesman.
To use almost precisely his words: "Though
I had attained some notoriety in the country as a
sentimentalist, I had never lisen to the dignity
of a statesman." I beg that gentleman to be
patient with me. I may yet become the digni-
fied, heartless, frigid, conventional sort of being
that makes up the accepted nnd current idea of a
statesman. They say that Congress is a capital
place for making a statesman of one who is will-
ing to come under the process. They say so, for
the reason that Congress is a capital place for
getting rid of all sentiment, and sympathy, and
conscience. Now, I cannot say that 1 am very
ambitious to have realized, in my own person,
the popular idea of a statesman. Nevertheless, 1
beg the gentleman to be patient with me. When
1 shall have been in Congress a few weeks longer,
1 may so far have lost my heart, and killed my
soul, as to be a statesman. And then the honor-
able gentleman will, no doubt, be willing to take
me by his own right hand, and install me into that
dignity which he and other statesmen so self-
complacently enjoy.
But to come to the resolutions. Ilike them ex-
ceedingly, and I should rejoice to see them pass
unanimously. I like them exceedingly, and espe-
cially because they avoid all questions of nation-
ality and citizenship; and leave the justification of
Captain Ingraham to rest on the naked ground of
humanity. I was much pleased to find the distin-
guished gentlemen from Virginia and South Car-
olina, [Mr. Bayly and Mr. Oiir,] defending the
resolutions in tins light. Delighted was I, when I
heard the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
01111*1 dedaie, &u< h impassioned language, that
humanity is, of itself, ample justification for Cup-
tain Ingraham's conduct.
Captain Ingiaham, according to the implication
of the resolutions, and according to these gentle-
men's interpretation and defense of the resolu-
tions, obeyed the simple law of humanity—that
law, against which, to use Bible language, "there
is no law." Not only is it paramount law—but
against it there can be no law. Captain Ingtahnm
recognized no law for kidnapping and oppi essmg
his fellow man, He believed that law is for the
protection ol rights; and he would not acknowledge
us law what was for the destruction of rights; and,
therefore, without pausing to inquire into any
enactments of Tutkey or Austria, he generomly
and nobly surrendered himself to the commands of
the law of humanity, and delivered Roszia.
Captain Ingraham saw in Koszta a man—a kid-
napped and oppressed man; and, thetefore, he
determined to sot him fiee. The mannood ol
Koszta was aU the warrantthatCaptain Ingraham
needed to demand the liberty of Ko.-zfa. Captain
Ingraham's sympathies are not bounded by State
or National lines. They ore not controlled by
questjonsof nationality and citizenship; but where
he sees his brother kidnapped or outraged, thither
does he let his sympathies go out £fi actively tor
the deliverance of such brother.
1 was glad, sir, to hear the gentleman from
i Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cii yndlek.] m the course of
| his eloquent speech, quote the maxim " h;s dat qui
[ eito dat," (he gives twice who gives quickly,") to
! incite us to the prompt passage of the resolution.
• Well does Captain Ingraham deserve the benefit
; of this appossile and happy quotation, for he acted
'■ bravely and beautifully under the inspiration, if
1 not of another Latm ma:;im, nevertheless of the
1 sent-men t of another La'.in maxim: ".Ytlhumnin a
; me aUenum1,t (nothing that concerns man is foreign
to me.) Yes, Captain Ingraham honored this sub-
lime maxim, which was coined by a slave; for Ter-
ence, us high-souled author, was a Roman slave.
Pass these resolutions, Mr. Speaket—pass them
promptly and unanimously. 33y doing so we
shall honor humanity nnd honor ourselves; by-
doing so we shall rebuke our Government for
having taken, three years ago, the diabolical posi-
tion, that they who rescue their kidnapped, and
oppressed, and outraged, and crushed brethren,
merit, at the hands of this Government, fines and
imprisonment. Puss these resolutions, and you
will put the seal of your emphatic condemnation
on that diabolical position; and you will cheer the
hearts of those who have rescued such poor breth-
ren, and of others who are determined to rescue
them whenever they can get the opportunity to do
so. Pass these resolutions; and these passed, the
future rescuers of the most wronged of all men
will rejoice in knowing, that upon the principle of
these resolutions, and upon the principleby which,
some on this floor have advocated them, they are
entitled, not to suffer fines and imprisonment, but
to receive gold medals.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Remarkable debate !
The enlightened world will be astonished when it
shall have read the debates of the popular branch
of the American Congress of to-day, in connection
with the great American State paper upon this
subject; and it will be astonished at the different
positions assumed by the legislators upon this floor.
We find able Representatives, upon both sides of
the House, arguing the question upon the ground of
humanity; and I was almost foiced, by the remarks
of the honoiable member from New York, [Mr.
Smith,] to ask the Speaker whether Martin Koszta
was a colored man or not. We find American
history crowded with those great events which
justly make us proud of our country. In that
record there is no incident, perhaps, more brilliant
than the act of the gallant Ingraham in the port
of Smyrna.
But, sir, I propose not to go into the argument
as to the right of giving piotection to Martin
Koszta. The right either existed, or it did not.
But acting upon the belief that he was entitled to
protection, 1 shall go for the resolutions as they
ovist; and, I may remark, that I should have gone
for the original resolutions.
As regards the matter of the recommendation
of these resolutions by the able committee [on
foreign affairs] which reported them, I will say,
that L think the House owes some respect to that
recommendation. It has examined them more
thoroughly, perhaps, than any gentleman not a
member of it who has taken part in this running
debate. In that judgment I heartily concur, having
formed my opinion after a careful perusal of the
State paper of Mr. Marcy.
The effect of this debatejust at this time, upon
the other side of the water, when the leading war
spit it [Lord Palmerston] has just retired from the
British Ministry, will be startling: and the discus-
sion which has taken place heie to-day will be
lead there with a remarkable degree of interest. It
may be the moans of introducing a new Ministry,
and bunging back to Parliament the war spirit
which host just retired from it. The history of
passing events is of the most thrilling interest.
While'the old world is convulsed with agitation,
and while all eyes are directed to the Eastern ques-
tion with intense anxiety, we have still happily a
quiet and peaceful state of affairs at home. But
who knows what a lew months may bung foith?
The Turko-IiuhMan question, notwithstanding- the
piesent bcihgerentaspect of affairs, may be adjusted
by negotiation.
"When Cuba and its Africanization may enlist
the tender sympathies of potentates and their sti-
I pendianes, "the apparent impending war scene
' may be changed to this hemisphere, and become
a reality. _ , . ...
Much is involved in the Cuban question^ Ail
parties look to Us solution with the liveliest inter-
est. While it is chdiged that Great Britain is
conniving at schemes adverse to our mteiest, v<e
have a denial of such interference upon the part
of that Power—that she has entered into no stipu-
lations upon the subject. But the fact of her
having intermeddled is too glaring to deceive even
the most common observer of passing events, and
revelations are becoming daily apparent to the
public eye, But 1 will hot go further into this
subject.
