1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator has offered the amendment. It therefore will
embrace no more than it would have done, if the
resolution pass as it now is, as I hope it may.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, announcing
that they had passed a bill making provision for
the postal service in the State of California and
in the Territories of Oregon and Washington, in
which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
[The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
Also, that they had passed Senate bill for the
relief of Juan M. Luco and Jose L. Luco; and
Senate bill to authorize the issue of a register to
the brig Amelia, by the name of Abby Frances;
and Senate bill to incorporate the Georgetown
Gas-Light Company, with an amendment.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the enrolled joint resolution to correct,
a clerical error in an act approved June 92. 1854,
to authorize a register to be issued to the steamer
El Paraguay, by a new name;
An act to provide for the construction of a mil-
itary road in the Territory of Utah;
An act to provide for the continuation of the
military road from Myrtle Creek to Scottsburg,
in Oregon;
An act for the payment of the civil officers em-
ployed in the Territory of New Mexico, while
under military government;
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River
Indian war;
An act to refund to the Territory of Utah the
expenses incurred by said Territory in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities;
An act for the construction of certain military
roads and wells in the Territory of New Mexico;
An act for the relief of Samuel W. Brady;
Joint resolution explanatory of the second sec-
tion of a resolution " to establish certain post
routes," approved July 12, 1852;
An act for the relief of George W. Gibson;
An act for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham;
An act for the relief of A. B. Roman, of Lou-
isiana; and
An act to provide a pension for Sergeant U. W.
Torrence; which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
A. G. PENN.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill to authorize the extension and comple-
tion of the Treasury building, and also the con-
struction of a building for the War, Navy, and
Interior Departments. It is absolutely necessary
that action should be had upon it>
Mr. BROWN. 1 will ask the Senator whether
it is likely to lead to debate? I want to go on
with the homestead bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that it will. 1
think it will not.
Mr. CLAY. One o'clock is the hour fixed for
the homestead bill.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator whether he
will consent to let it go over if it leads to debate ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, X will, at the end of
the morning hour.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to withdraw his motion, to permit me
to make a report.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to which was
referred a bill for the relief of A. G. Penn, to
report it back with an amendment, and with a
recommendation that it pass. 1 ask that the report
may be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest to my colleague
whether that bill had not better be put upon its
passage now. There can be no objection to it
at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Dela-
ware has a motion before the body.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 know that he has, but I
hope he will allow this bill to be put upon its
passage.
Mr. BAYARD, if I yielded the floor for the
purpose of permitting that bill to pass, I should
not be sure of getting it again. I would yield
with pleasure, but I wish to have the action of the
Senate upon the bill that I propose to take up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot do it.
Mr. SLIDELL. It cannot occupy a monjent
to pass the bill reported by my colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senfator
from Delaware refuses to withdraw his motion.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. Bayard's motion was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to authorize
the extension and Gompletion of the Treasury
building, and also the construction of a building
for the War, Navy, and Interior Departments.
Mr. BAYARD. The necessity for the passage
of this bill must be obvious to every Senator who
has turned his attention to it. The records and
archives of the United States, in the State De-
partment, are really in a state of insecurity, and
the mere statement of the case shows that the_pas-
sage of this bill is necessary. The public business
imperatively requires the construction of new
buildings for the Departments, to accommodate
the officers belonging to those Departments, and
to afford places of security for the archives of the
Government. The plan is laid down in the bill
with sufficient definitiveness to secure an adher-
ence to the general structure proposed. The mere
details, of course, are left to the Executive discre-
tion, because it would be impossible, in the con-
struction of such a building, to putin the bill every
detail.
By the proposed plan thepresentTreasury build-
ing will become quadrangular. The additions will
cover a space of flooring of one hundred and two
thousand two hundred feet, while the present one
occupies only forty-four thousand five hundred and
sixty feet. The number of rooms will be two hun-
dred and two additional to the one hundred and
fifty-two in the present, building. The cost of the
present building was $(i50,000; the cost of the ad-
dition will be $1,250,UUO. The same order of archi-
tecture will be observed in the construction of the
building, as that on which it was originally con-
structed. The effect will be, as regards the en-
largement, to give ample accommodation both to
the State and Treasury Departments, and then it
will afford security for the preservation of the
public records and archives.
The other building contemplated, in place of
the War and Navy Departments, is also essential,
and will, in its construction, give room for the In-
terior Department, which is now obliged to locate
elsewhere in temporary buildings. The whole
cost of both structures will be, for the addition
and enlargement of the Treasury Department,
$1,250,000, and for the new building for the War
and Navy and Interior Departments, $1-,750,000,
making in all $3,000,000. The present bill con-
templates an appropriation of $600,000 as the
amount which can be used advantageously during
the current fiscal year. I have the plans here,
and if Senators desire to examine them they can
do so. They are approved by the public archi-
tect, and by the officers occupying these build-
ings. The buildings which we have now, in my
opinion, are a disgrace to the country. It is a
disgrace to the country that the public records
should be kept in insecurity, as they are in the
present buildings, with the exception, perhaps,of
the Treasury Department.
Mr. ADAMS. This bill proposes to expend
S3,000,000, and it is most evident that we shall
not have time, at this session, to invesiigate the
subject as the importance of the expenditure seems
to demand; I therefore move to postpone its fur-
ther consideration until the second Monday in
December. It cannot long delay the commence-
ment, of the work, and it will give an opportunity
to Congress to investigate the expenditure more
thoroughly.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 hope that motion will not
prevail. The bill has been reported for a very
long time. There can be no doubt that there is an
actual necessity for the construction of the build-
ings. There is not a session of Congress at
which you are not called upon to rent buildings.
At this present session you have been obliged to
! pay a large sum for the purpose of renting a tem-
porary building, (which the leesor can turn you
out of,) at $30,000 a year. In the State Depart-
ment the records of the country are notoriously in
insecurity. In the loft it is jaftiined up with docu-
ments unto the roof. They do not know what
documents are there. And'this is the slate of
things in a country where you have an overflowing
Treasury, where there is no constitutional question
involved; and yet, when this is broughtupitr#&st
be postponed. On what grounds? What further
examination does it need ? It is one In which
there are no local interest to gratify. It is one oh
which no memberof the committee could bebiaseH
by anything except a sense of public duty in the
recommendation of an appropriation.
The buildings have been designed with great
care, after consultation with the officers and per-
sons employed in the different Departments. One
of them is calculated to accomodate the Interior
Department, which is now in an outside building,
as well as the War and Navy. It is intended to
concentrate them, ~and to put the Treasury and
State Departments in the other, giving a perfect
accommodation to all the great Departments of the
Government. I submit that this though it
may not certainly appeal to publicprejudice, though
it may not make as much political capital as some
others, is really one due to the public for the pur-
pose of preserving the records of the country. And
if you delay this matter to a subsequent time, and
it should so happen, as has happened in other of
the buildings, and particularly if the State Depart-
ment should be destroyed by fire, the gentleman
who proposes the delay will find it difficult to an-
swer to his constituents for the results of such, a
proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. The only question I had
about this bill was, whether it would be adequate
for the uses proposed. I perceive, from the state-
ment of the Senator from Delaware, that it is. I
was desirous to know whether there was a pro-
vision in the Treasury Department for the* Coast
Survey. I perceive from the proposed propor-
tions of the building, that it will accomplish that
purpose. In that case we shall have tne ability
to withdraw ourselves altogether, after the build-
ings are completed, from the hiring and renting of
insufficient structures at the cost which we pay
for them, and which are in an imperfect state at
that. •
The honorable Senator has offered strong argu-
ments in favor of this bill, especially the argument
of the necessity of having fire-proof buildings for
the preservation of the immensely valuable papers
which are deposited in all the Departments. He
has very truly said that if, by all this delay, a fire
should break out within one of these Depart-
ments, the loss might be more than the cost of
the entire construction.
Sir, I think we may illustrate that remark by
stating that there can be no doubt that the private
and public losses and misfortunes ^hich have
been sustained heretofore, from accidents of that
kind in our public buildings, have been e<|ual to
all the cost which is proposed for these new struc-
tures. The public buildings are necessarily ex-
posed to accidents from fire. And,after all, they
are not guarded with the same care by watchmen
as private property is guarded. So it has hap-
pened that, within the space of twenty years, not
only the Treasury Department has been burnt,
but also the Patent Office^ Having had some
little experience heretofore in the examination of
questions arising under the patent laws, I have
had occasion to learn that great losses have re-
sulted from, and in many instances great injustice
has been done to persons, because their patents
were destroyed by the burning of that office. I
think, if we compare the whole expense of this
structure with the damage which has resulted from
the burning of the Patent Office, it is evident that
this will be a saving to the country. I hope,
therefore, the bill will pass.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to throw
any difficulty in the way of any necessary
work for the benefit of the Government. The
Senator from Delaware says that there is no
particular Buncombe in this, although ftjsavery
meritorious question. I am not conscious, sir,
of having supported any measure iu this body on
account of its being what is known as a Buncombe
proposition.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not mean to make any
such imputation on the Senator.
