1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
there must be some twelve, perhaps fifteen, thou-1
sand out of the twenty-three thousand postmasters, '
who do not accept their offices for the pay or !
emolument which they are to receive. Why, 1 !
suppose that there are more than ten thousand post- ;
masters whose compensation cannot exceed fifty :
dollars per year. Does any man suppose that any |
postmaster who seeks the office, and desires the !
appointment of postmaster, with the expectation I
of attending to the duties appertaining to such ap- '
pointment, makes such application for the sake of
getting the sum of fifty dollars per annum? There
are thousands of postmasters throughout the coun-
try whose annual compensation, 1 doubt not, is
under ten dollars per annum. I know that many
of these postmasters, living in small villages, or
who keep country stores or public houses in some
neighborhood m the country accept the appoint-
ment in many instances as a mereaccommodation
to the neighborhood; and others accept it for that
reason, and the fact combined, that it may draw
some custom to the particular business in which
they are engaged. Doubtless, from thesemotives,
thousands upon thousands of these post offices,
I think, are accepted.
I did not design, when I rose, to detain the
House long in the remarks i intended to make,
and therefore I will hasten to a conclusion. The
Postmaster General tells us that the expenses of
the Department were $7,982,756 59; that the re-
ceipts were $5,940,724 70. It appears from the
foregoing statement, that the gross revenue for
the year ending the 30th June, 1853, fell short of
the expenditure for that year by the cum of
$2,042,031 89. This statement does not include
mail transportation in ocean steamers. We see,
then, here a deficit in this branch of the service of
over $2,000,000, as reported by the head of the
Department; which, 1 think, should not be made
a burden upon the Treasury.
The gentleman from the Post Office Committee,
who reported this bill, says that if we wish to re-
lieve the Department, and to make the revenues
something like equal to the expenditures, we had j
better repeal the laws granting the franking privi-
lege. Stop that, he says—confidently expressing
the opinion that if you will do that, you will
increase the revenue of the Department some
#2,000,000.
Mr. OLDS. Two millions and a half.
Mr. JONES. Does that gentleman himself be-
lieve that such would be the effect? Is there a
reasonable man in this country, understanding
the matter, who could for a moment believe it ?
From whence, Mr. Speaker, does the mass of this
free matter start ? Sir, from this very building.
It is from this building that thatimmense mass of
free matter is started under which your mails
groan throughout the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, that free matter goes mostly
to those who pay these $2,000,000 of deficit, with-
out using your mails otherwise to very great ex-
tent. Your mail facilities at this time are made
subservient to the interests of the cities of this
country, where the crjr of cheap postage was
raised and heralded to this Capitol. This free mat-
ter, transmitted from this Capitol, goes to the
farmers and other inhabitants throughout the
country, who pay these $2,000,000 of excess which
your postage fails to raise. They themselves get
this free matter.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me ask another auestion;
let me ask the gentleman from Ohio how he
will get these $2,000,000 from the free matter?
Would that gentleman vote to print a hundred
thousand copies of trashy Patent Office Reports,
and send them through the mails throughout the
country, paying the postage on them himself?
I take it for granted that there are but few gentle-
men here wlio would do it. And I also take it
for granted that but few of your Patent Office
Reports would be taken from the post office if the
man to whom they are sent had to pay the postage
on receiving them. You might, perhaps, for once
catch a man doing sueh a thing, but you would
hardly ever catch the same man a secondp time
paying the postage on such reports; and in all
probability—as it is suggested to me—when you
had fooled him once, and made him pay the post-
age for such trash, you would not receive his vote
also ask the gentleman from Ohio if he would
be printing thousands of these census reports if
he had to pay for the postage on their transmis-
sion through the country? No, sir; and one of
the greatest advantages, in my opinion, that
would result to the country from the repeal of the
franking privilege would be to correct the enor-
mous abuses to which the Congress of the United
States have run, in directing the printing of public
documents, many of which I conceive are of little
or no value. It is said that it is proper to publish
these reports for the purpose of enlightening the
people on the several matters discussed in them.
Enlightening the people! Why, sir, a great many
of the articles published in these reports are writ-
ten by men who know nothing of the subjects on
which they write. These articles are comprised
within the reports, and made to be part and parcel
of them, by men who know just as little about
the subjects they treat of, as the persons who wrote
them. They are sent out through the country;
and when read by plain practical men who un-
derstand the subject practically, it is seen that
in many cases the authors of them knew nothing
of the subject on which they wrote.
I will not detain the House longer, butconclude
with the expression of a hope that the motion which
1 have made may be sustained; that the bill will
be recommitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, with instructions to report an
amendment so increasing the rate of postage as to
meet the expenses of the Post Office Department.
In doing that, you will not only bedoing an act of
justice to the whole country, but you will thereby
increase the compensation of deputy postmasters
to a greater amount than you will do by the pas-
sage of this bill as it is.
In accordance with the promise I made to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] I move the
previous question.
Mr. UPHAM. Will the gentleman withdraw
the call for a single moment?
Mr. JONES. I have not the control of the
motion, but it belongs to the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. UPHAM. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to make a word or two of explanation ?
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw it if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. UPHAM. I apprehend that the question
of the franking privilege is not at present before
the House. If any gentleman feels disposed to
introduce a bill to do away with the franking
privilege, he can do so. The question before us
relates to the proper, just, and equitable compen-
sation to be made to the postmasters of the country.
In illustration of the bill which the committee
have reported, 1 beg leave to present to the House
one or two additional considerations. The Com-
mittee on the PostQltice and Post Roads, of which,
sir, 1 am an humble member, have taken into con-
sideration, and are at present maturing, a bill for
separating, in the accounts of the Post Office De-
partment, the expenses incurred through the op-
eration of the franking privilege, and making those
expenses chargeable to the legislative and other
departments of the Government, for the benefit of ]
which they are incurred. As the member of the
committee to whom that subject is referred [Mr.
Harris, of Mississippi] is not present in his seat,
I feel it is proper for me to make these statements.
I would further state to the House that the
Postmaster General has been, for a month past,
so keeping his accounts as to be able to inform
us what would be the effect, if such an arrange-
ment should be made. A.nd, so far as information
is now before the committee, I feel confident in
making the assertion, that it will be found, if post-
age were charged upon matter which now goes
through the office free, that the legitimate corres-
pondence of the whole country sustains itself, on
the land and on the ocean. ,
At any rate, until the information of which I
have been speaking, and which is not yet matured,
comes before us, it seems to me it would be pre-
mature for us to act upon this bill under the in-
fluence of any such arguments, relating to the
franking privilege, as my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] has adduced.
This bill is designed to relieve that class of
public officers whose compensation is small, it
is not for the benefit of those who hold valuable
offices, but for the benefit of the humble village
postmasters of the country, and it is also designed
to secure from ruinous loss those postmasters
who are situated at distributing points. It is a bill
founded in justice and equity, and will commend
itself, the more it is considered, to the sense of
justice of the members of this House. I renew
the denjand for the previous question.
Mr.^ONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio a question.
The SPEAKER. N o debate is in order Tvhile
the demand for the previous question is pending. _
Mr. OLDS. I will withdraw it, to enable the
gentleman from Tennessee to ask his questioii.
Mr. JONES. I,wish to ask the gentleman if
I understood him rightly in saying that he had
introduced a bill raising the rates of postage upon
letters from three to five cents?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir. I will state to the gen-
tleman what I did say. I stated that we had intro-
duced a bill requiring that the postage on all letters
should be prepaid, but leaving the rate upon pre-
paid letters the same as it is now, three cents.
This bill has passed our committee, and is before
the House. It is high upon the Calendar, and
when it comes up for consideration then will be
the time for testing the sense of the House upon
the question of raising the rates of postage, and
notupon this bill; with which it has nothing what-
ever to do.
Mr. JONES. Now, I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question further. The gentleman says
he would be in favor of raising the rates of post-
age from three to four cents, and that a bill will
soon come up where such a proposition may be
adopted. Now, if the House agree to such a
proposition will not the rates of charges allowed
to postmasters in this bill be too high?
Mr. OLDS. It is certainly a very difficult
part for me to perform, if I am to make provision
for what the action of Congress may be in future.
1 will however say, that from the expression of
the country, and from the expression of opinion
upon the partof members of Congress in the year
1851, in 1852, and in 1853, I have no more hope
of being able to get the rates of postage raised
upon letters and newspapers, than 1 have that we
can fly. 1 hope it may not be so. My own sense
of right is, that these rates should be raised; but I
repeat, that 1 do not believe the House are of the
same opinion;and I do not wish to have the suc-
cess of this bill endangered by connecting it with
any such measure. When that bill comes u'p, let
it stand upon its own merits; as I desire that this
bill shall stand upon its own merits.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman is in favor of
increasing the rates of postage from three to five
cents, I do not see why he should not allow that
proposition to come in with this. If there is a
provision for increasing the revenue of the De-
partment, that may be an inducement formembers
to vote for an increase of the compensation of post-
masters.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his motion to commit the
bill, 1 have in my hands a bill Which was matured
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, which, with somemodifications, 1 propose
to offer as an amendment. It provides, as modi-
fied, for raisins: the rates of postage to five cents.
I propose to offer it as an additional section to this
bill. We can then test the sense of the House as
to whether they are willing that itshould bedone.
Now, sir, the bill before the House proposes
not to remedy the defects which exist in relation
to the revenue derivable from postages, but it
proposes to do an act of justice to those who
are concerned in administering the post office
laws; and in doing that act of justice, it proposes
to abstract from the revenues of the Department,
which are already too small. No gentleman rep-
resenting any district in the interior can now go
to the Post Office Department and get any sat-
isfaction that the mail facilities in his district
shall be continued; and the general impression
among those who are administering the laws of
the Department is, that your mail service is to be
reduced and brought down to a one-horse estab-
lishment. That will be the effect under the exist-
ing laws, if the matter is suffered to go on as it
now does.
Now, 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio—I ask
gentlemen representing districts which are to be
cut down in this manner, whether they are per-
forming an act of justice to those administering
the laws of the Department, to let the occasion
pass by whi6h they may, if they choose, so regu-
late the rates of postage as to securej to all parts
of the country the continuance of proper mail
