134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
Notwithstanding the variety of argument ad-
duced here, notwithstanding the different views
which have been presented by members who have
spoken upon this question, 1 think, if we under-
stand each other aright, that there is no member
of this House opposed to tendering thanks and a
medal to an accomplished officer, whose valorous
conduct has attracted the admiration and the plau-
dits of the good of every land. I hope the House
will pass the resolutions reported By the committee
unanimously.
Mr. ORR. The remarks made by the gentle-
man from Virginia furthest from me, [Mr. Smith,]
require that X shall make a biief explanation in
behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
will make a suggestion, and I hope the chairman of
that committee will elucidate it at length. Neither
the President'smessage nor the accompanyingdoc-
uments have as yet been referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. How then could it be ex-
pected that this committee, in these resolutions,
should have stated the grounds, as insisted upon
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] for
tendering thanks to Captain Ingraham? They
have had no official cognizance of the message or
correspondence accompanying it at all. When
this correspondence is referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and it is found necessary by
them to give expression to the opinions of this
Congress in the shape of resolutions, I have no
doubt that such resolutions will be reported t>y
that committee.
One more remark in reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] When was it ever
known to be necessary that, in a resolution of
thanks—for the present resolutions are substan-
tially such—that we should go into an argument
to vindicate the great principle of international law,
or any other law?
Do you proceed to detail the plan and order
of battle when you thank a general? Not at all.
Do you explain and set forth, in detail, the grounds
upon whicn his conduct is meritorious, or state
the causes of the war leading to the battle, or do
you not rather make the simple declaration that
your thanks are due for the gallant and good
conduct of the officer? That is all. That is pre-
cisely what it is proposed to do in this case.
The passage of the resolutions will be justified
upon the ground of humanity, without assigning
any other reason in debate, that were not neces-
sary to be stated in the resolutions. Captain
Ingraham found Koszta had been illegally seized,
and unlawfully detained, by Austrian authorities
in Turkish territory. If the illegal act was con-
summated by transferring him to an Austrian
dungeon, then his doom was sealed; and it was
a noble humanity that prompted Captain Ingra-
ham to step forward, at eminent personal hazard,
and rescue this unfortunate man from the high-
handed outrage perpetrated uponhim, and.through
him, upon humanity. I thank the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] for his courtesy in allowing
me to make these remarks.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia now allow me for a minute?
Mr. BAYLY. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not rise for the purpose
of consuming the time of the House; but being a
member of the committee which reported these
resolutions, I desire simply to say a word in ex-
planation; for it seems to me that, in the course
of the debate, a mist has quite unnecessarily been
thrown around these resolutions, while a simple
analysis would render them perfectly clear, and
show that they are not liable to the misinterpre-
tation which has been put upon them by some
gentlemen here this morning.
It has been asserted that these resolutions are en-
tirely destitute of everything like principle. Sir,
if that had been the case, I should not have been
found here supporting them. I believe in the prin-
ciple put forth in the document emanating from
the State Department, to which allusion has so
often been made this morning. I believe with
other gentlemen, that it is one of the most re-
markable documents of the day, and that it is like-
ly to constitute a new era in the history of inter-
national law. Well, sir, these resolutions, I hold
to be based—to be predicated upon that document.
The letter of the Secietary of State does not pre-
tend to go into a declaration that Koszta was en-
titled to the claim of full citizenship, but it does
assert the proposition that he was entitled to the
protection of the American Government. To that
extent it goes, and no further.
Now, let me ask the honorable gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] what he would have us
assert ? It seems to me, with all due deference to
him, that he misunderstands the idea expressed in
the resolutions. If I understand them, they come
directly up and assert the principle expressed by
the gentleman himself—as broadly as he himself
asserts it. They assert the great principle that
Koszta was entitled to the protection of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I dislike to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but I desire to say that it is
very likely I may have misunderstood the reso-
lutions. Of course 1, being entirely an outsider,
could not have seen the resolutions until they were
brought in here, and reported by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. They were reported to the House,
but every one knows how difficult it is to hear in
the bustle and confusion of this Hall. I say,
therefore, that it is very possible I may have mis-
understood them. But it is very evident from the
discussion, that other gentlemen, too, have fallen
into the same error. I understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Smith] to put the justifica-
tion for the resolutions upon the ground of hu-
manity; and that then he branched off into the
question of succoring the oppressed all over the
world.
Mr. HARRIS. The resolutions speak for
themselves. 1 will read them, and I ask the atten-
tion of the House to them.
Mr. BARRY. I rise to a question of order. I
do not like to be discourteous to gentlemen, but I
ask that the question may be settled. I desire to
know whether thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] holding the floor, has the right to yield it
to other gentlemen for the purpose of making
speeches ? I raise the question as to the rule. As
I understand it, no gentleman has the power to
yield the floor to another, except for the purpose
of explanation. I raise the question in all kind-
ness to the gentleman, and I hope I will not be
misunderstood.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only the
right to yield for explanation.
Mr. HARRIS. It was precisely for the pur-
pose of explanation that I rose. I desire that the
House may understand what the joint resolutions
embrace.
Mr. H. here read the first resolution, and then
resumed, as follows:
Now,sir, is there not a principle involved there?
What is it? Precisely the principle that was as-
serted in the letter of the Secretary of State, that
Martin Koszta, although he had not been admitted
to the full rights of distinct citizenship, was still
entitled to the right of protection by the American
Government. That is as far as that document
went; it is as far as I understand the gentleman
from Virginia is willing to go; it is as far as the
joint resolutions go. It occurs to me, that in this
form there can be no possible objection to them.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The objection to them is that
they do not assert the right of Koszta to protection.
The words that were in the original resolutions,
vindicating the rights of the American citizen, are
not in these resolutions. There is nothing in them
which asserts the right of Koszta to protection.
Mr. HARRIS. It would hardly be supposed
that the Congress of the United States would ten-
der thanks to a man for doing a thing which he
had no right to do. That is the reply which I
make to my colleague. The act of tendering
thanks to Captain Ingraham is a recognition of
his authority to extend protection that could not
be justified, much less commended, save upon the
idea that Koszta had the right to claim it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Harris,] ifl understand him,
says that Koszta was entitled to the protection of
the American Government. I ask the gentleman
how far he was entitled to that protection ? If Aus-
tria had refused to give him up, or to release him, \
would this country have been justified in declaring '
war against Austria?
Mr. HARRIS. That is carrying the matter
far beyond the limits of the present resolutions. It
would open the whole field of debate. 1 do not
propose to follow the gentleman, and the point I
am debating is their proper construction. The
simple purpose of these resolutions is a tender of
thanks for what has been done. That is all.
Mr. JONES. Then, ifl understand the ground,
taken by gentlemen who are favorable to these
resolutions, it is that we had a right to demand the
release of Koszta; and if Austria refused to give
him up, why we could just go about our business.
Now, I believe that if we had a right 
Mr. HARRIS. I cannot yield the floor to en- ,
able the gentleman to make a speech.
Mr. JONES. If Koszta had a right to the pro-
tection of this Government, we should have had
to enforce his rights, even if we had had to resort
to war in so doing.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. HARRIS. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I feel that I have already trespassed too
long unon the kindness of my friend from Vir-
ginia,^id I now resign the floor to him.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. This debate, and
the character of the criticisms which have been
made on the resolutions, would have surprised
me, if anything nowadays could surprise me in
the House of Representatives. The Committee
on Foreign Affairs, on this occasion, have ap-
peared to me very much like the man in the front-
ispiece of the almanacs—we are fired at from
every sign in the zodiac; and, in getting up to say
a word in defense of what we have done, I have
some difficulty as to whether I shall reply to Tau-
rus, who, with his stentorian voice, speaks with
so much emphasis from the other side of the
House, or to Saggitarius, or to Cancer, or to
Pisces. I do not know precisely to whom I shall
reply; Leo has not spoken. I shall attempt, how-
ever, as far as it is possible for me to do it, to take
up the salient points of this debate.
And, sir, it first becomes me to state to the
House precisely what we have, and what we have
not done; for it seems that gentlemen have entered
with great zeal into this debate, without under-
standing, as their own admission shows, what
they are talking about. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dean]—in a hurry, as he will admit,
when he comes to speak on this question, which
he will have a right to do—did what is generally a
very safe thing. He looked to a precedent in
drawing these resolutions; and, as I said before,
when interrupting my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] the Committee on Foreign Affairs
thought the gentleman from INew York had fol-
lowed that precedent too literally. He proposed
the following:
" Resolved, That the thanks of Congress be and they are
hereby presented to Captain Duncan N. Ingraham, com-
manding the United States sloop of-war Si/Louis, and to
the officers and men under his command for their gallant
conduct on the second day of July Jast, in asserting and
jrrotecling the right of American, dtizenshi-p, native and
adopted, by the rescue of Martin Koszta, in the harbor of
Smyrna, from his forcible and illegal seizure and imprison-
ment."
The gentleman from Alabama says that we have
emasculated that resolution. Let us see to what
extent we have amended it; and then let the Amer-
ican Congress decide whether we are liable or not
to the charge of having emasculated it. We struck
out the vote of thanks to the officers and men under
the command of Captain Ingraham. And why did
we do it? His was not an act such as that of a
general or commodore fighting a battle. The
officers and men had nothing to do with it in this
case—in those generally most. It was a moral act
in this case. We struck out "the officers and
men" because they incurred no responsibility;
they did nothing. Well, what else did we do?
In lieu of the words " for their gallant conduct in
asserting the rights of American citizenship, na-
tive and adopted," we substituted " for his judi-
cious a.nd gallant conduct, on the second day of July
last, in extending the protection of the .American Gov-
ernment to Martin Koszta, by rescuing him from
forcible and illegal seizure and imprisonment on board
the Austrian brig Hussar."
Now, sir, if there be anything in American
diplomacy to which I object—and God knows
that 1 an* as proud of it as any other American
ought to be—it is the disposition manifested in the
Department of State to make forensic arguments
in diplomatic papers. We are too forensic in all
our State papers. All the other Governments of
the world, whose example is to be respected, have
satisfied themselves with stating conclusions.
It is the fashion in this country of late, how-
ever, not only to come to conclusions, but to
make forensic arguments. J do not want to con-
demn anybody, but I think for a long time that it
