1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84$
application to this investigation of a citizen of the
Suite of Ohio, Mr. Burton, facts were elicited to
show that there was an extensive combination of
men, living, most of them, in the State of Ohio,
some of them, perhaps, in the State of Kentucky,
who had long practiced the obtaining of policies of
insurance from companies located m the different
Slates of the Union, upon caigoes to be shipped.
Afterwards they pretendedly shipped such cargoes,
but in fact did not do so, and then burned down
the vessels upon which the pretended shipments
were made, for the purpose of collecting their
insurances, and thereby defrauding the insurance
companies.
In 1851, after the burning of this steamboat,
the Martha Washington, the investigation, as
1 said before, was commenced, which led to the
discovery of this combination. Several individuals
who were indicted in the circuit court for the State
ofOhio,undertheact of Congress,passed, I think,
in 1820, for the crime of conspiracy to defraud
insurance companies, were airested at remote
places, at an expense of several thousand dollars,
by the extreme vigilance and sagacity of the offi-
cer to whom I have alluded. After a great deal
of labor, and a good deal of expense, they were
tried,'and their trial was a long one, in the circuit
court of the State of Ohio.
13y an unexpected accident the Government was
prevented from giving all its evidence to the jury.
It is well understood that a complete case for con-
viction was made out by the proof; but by an ex-
traordinary maneuver of the able counsel on the
part of the defendant, the rebutting proof to the
proof introduced by the defense was prevented
from being brought into court, so that that which
was necessary in rebuttal to make the case clear
for conviction was excluded, and in consequence
the defendants were, after some time spent by the
jury in consultation, acquitted.
The investigation, however, disclosfd enough,
in the opinion of the eminent counsel who are re-
tained for the prosecution, to show that they w?re
guilty of crime; and not only of the crime with
which they were charged, but that they were
guilty of that of burning the vessel, and of murder
by occasioning the loss of those sixteen lives.
These individuals have now, at great expense,
all been arrested since their acquittal at Colum-
bus, Ohio. They are now in prison in Philips
county, the locality in which the crime was com-
mitted. But the county of Philips is not able to
sustain theexpenses of prosecuting these men and
although the evidence is clear against them, and
though they are now in prison awaiting their trial,
or rather awaiting their preliminary examination,
which is to commence the 17th of this month,
yet it is well understood that without some aid
from the Government to enable them to pioceed
with the trial, the men will be discharged.
Now, [ know it is regarded, in the Executive
Department, as highly important to the interests
of western commerce, as well as to the protection
of human life and property upon our rivers, that
this investigation should be carried out to the re-
sult of a verdict. The Secretary of the Treasury,
owing, perhaps, to the locality of his residence,
and owing to many circumstances which it is not
necessary now to mention, is possessed of inform-
ation which would be valuable to enlighten a
committee of this House as to the duty they
should perform in the premises; and if this reso-
lution is passed, it will be instantaneously and
cheerfully responded to.
A Member. The House will pass the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BLISS. A gentleman near me says the
House will pass the resolution1. I have no doubt
that they will; and there is, therefore, no need of
my taking up more of their time in explanation.
The question was put, and the resolution adopted.
BODNTY LANDS.
Mr. DENT. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice hasheen given, for the purpose of reference.
I ask that it may be read by its title for informa-
tion.
It was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to be entitled an act to amend an act
passed the 28th of September, 1850.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to know what that
act of September, 1850, was. 1 ask that the Clerk
read enough of the bill to enlighten us upon that
point.
The Clerk^read a portion of the bill. It is to
amend an act granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly introduced, read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the deficiency bill, which has
just come from the Senate, with amendments, may
be taken from the Speaker's table, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and, with
the amendments, ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the Speaker an-
nounced that the order was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] whether it
would not be as well to refer the deficiency bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Unless the House shall consent to
let the Committee of Ways and Means report it
back when that Committee have acted on the Sen-
ate amendments, it may be kept in our desks for
months. I throw out the suggestion so that the
House, if it desire to send the bill elsewhere than
to the Committee of Ways and Means, may do so.
TheSPEAKER. The bill, as the Chair under-
stood, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Is there any objection to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have made no proposition.
I merely threw out a suggestion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. f prefer the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri, that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. It is so referred.
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CHANDLEPt, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bid; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill to allow parties in equity, of less than
the whole number of claimants, to sue for their
share of a common fund.
Mr. HENN, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House the inspection report of Col-
onel S. H. Long, of December 20, 1853, and suetl other
communications as may have been made by him in rerer-
enee to the improvement of western rivers, since the pas-
sage of the act of August 30, 185-2 ; and also a copy of
Lieutenant Warren's report of his operations on the Des
Moines and Rook River Rapids, m the Mississippi river,
together with any maps, charts, or diagrams of surveys
made by the last named officer during the last year.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Rcsolecd, That the Committee on the Post Office and
1'ost ltoad.- are hereby instructed to report a bill rt-'ducltig
ocean poataLTo to a umlorm rate often cents each on letters
not exceeding half an ounce in weight.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WELLS. 1 move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to introduce the resolution;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the House
refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent to present a memorial in reference
to the civil superintendency of armories.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. PERKINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which pre-
vious notice has been given, under the instruction
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read the bill twice by its title, as fol-
lows:
A bill to repeal part of an act entitled "An act to
provide for the safe-keeping of the acts, records,
and seal of the United States, 'and for other pur-
poses." ,
Mr. PERKINS. I would like the House to
have that bill put upon its passage at once. It
simply repeals the tax of twenty-five cents here-
tofore levied at the office of the Secretary of State
for the authentication of any document. It has
been a source of much annoyance to the members
of the House having to pay twenty-five cents, in
getting documents authenticated, for the signature
of the Secretary of State. It is the desire of th$
Department, and the wish of the Comrmttee on
Foreign Affairs, that this bill shall be passed, and
I hope it will be put upon its passage immediately.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Let it be read* f .
The Clerk read the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed. £
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the
of the Union be, and the is hereby, discharged from
the further consideration of jomt resolution No. 16, being
" A joint resolution manifesting the sente of Corurress to-
wards the officers atul seamen of the vessels, and others
engaged in the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
Army, the passengers, and th« officers and crew of the
steamship San Francisco, from perishing with the wreck of
that vessel," and that the same be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to offer the resolution; and on that 1
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Ohio, and Churchwell were appointed.
The tellers took their places; and, before report-
ing any result,
Mr. TAYLOR said: There must be some mis-
understanding here; for many gentlemen are under
the impression that they are voting upon a call
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
motion otherwise, and stated the question as he
understood it, with the assent of the House;
and, in his opinion, it is now too late to modify
the form of the question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I announced distinctly that I
wished teliers upon the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Taylor] asks that the question last put be
restated. If there be unanimous consent, the ques-
tion will be stated in the form desired by the gen- ■
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; the yeas and naya
have been refused once.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat the President lie requested to cause nego-
tiations to be opened with the Government of Great Brit-
am with a view of ascertaining upon what condition that
Government will consent to the annexation of the Oauadas
lo the United Stales of America.
Objection was made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the resolution
just read; and upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DEAN. 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] to accept an amendment to insert
the words " and Cuba" after the words " the
Canadas."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio modify his resolution?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannotacceptthe amend-
ment, for you are a little ahead of me ontheCuba.
question now.
Mr. FARLEY. I desire to inquire of thegen-
tleman from Ohio whether, if the House decide to
suspend the rules, he will accept an amendment
looking also to the acquisition of the provinces of
New Brunswick and Nova Scotia?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly I will.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon suspending
the rules; and there were—yeas 29, nays 119; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beteher, Bliss, Roeoek, Campbell, Car-
penter Cook, Corwin, Farley, Flagler, Grow. Harrison,
Knox Lane, Maedonald, Mace. Matteson, Nichols, Faifcer,
Pratt,'Pringle, Russell, Sapp, tJpham, Wade, Walbririje,
Eltiliu B. Washburne. Wells, John Wentworth, and Yates
 29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abprcrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Appleton, Thomas II.Bavly, Bank*, Barksdaie, Bevron,
Bi^spJI. Boyce. Buss, Caruthers, Caskte, Chastain, Chris-
man, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Cox. Cuilom, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Dow-
dell, Dunbar, Eastman, Eda<n-tori, Elliott. Ellison, Ether-
)dge,Faulkner, Fenton, F)or<jnct', Fuller. G^ode,Goodrich^
Grey, Sampson W. Harri?, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks*
Hibbard, Hill, Houston, Howe, Johnson, Danifl r.
Jones. George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones*
Kerr, Kidwell, Latham, Letcher, Lindley, Lindsley, Me-
