1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL# GLOBE
1S5
has been a great error in American diplomacy to
be denting in forensic arguments. In the early
days of the Liepuhlic, when our State papers were
so distinguished, it was not so. When we had
the question of 5-P 40' up, and now when we had
the Koszta question up, you had and have long
forensic arguments. And then, when they go be-
fore the Ameiicuu people—and this House is in
that respect a type of the American people—the
whole trouble and difficulty is with the arguments,
and not with the judgments of the Government. I
am opposed to forensic arguments; I am in favor
of precise judgments.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 do not like to take the
floor from the gentleman from Virginia; but as he
is opposed to argument, and in favor of judgment,
] propose that the House go to the consideVation
of the business oil the Speaker's table, and thus
cut off argument.
The question was put on Mr. Wheeler's mo-
tion and negatived.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, move up your
dial a little, so as not to take that time out of my
turn. I was answering the objection of my
friend from Virginia, and of other gentlemen, that
in these resolutions we propounded a conclusion,
and did not assign a reason. Well, 1 was sur-
prised to hear my friend from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
make a difficulty of this sort, for he and I have
studied the history of politics; and it has occurred
that at one time—in better days than these, Mr.
Speaker—m the days of jefferson—the republican
party, with Jefferson at its head, arraigned the
Supreme Court for not contenting themselves with
pronouncing judgments, but giving opinions em-
bracing questions not involved in the cause. And
it was a good criticism. They did not content
themselves with deciding; the causes before them,
but went on and gave opinions to be regarded as
law in other cases. I have always been with Jef-
ferson and the republican party in that respect.
The duty of the Supreme Court was to pronounce
judgment, and not to give opinions, in which opin-
ions were expressed that were not called for in
the case before them.
If it is true with the courts that they ought to
confine themselves to the cases before them, it is
more emphatically true in acts of the Government
connected with our foreign affairs. Pronounce
judgment, and let everybody find out for himself
the reasons for supporting that judgment—not
weaken the judgment by giving a bad reason for
it. My opinion is that it would be a very judi-
cious course to pursue. Not to pronounce equivo-
cal judgments—not as the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Phillips] says, we have done on this
occasion, come here with a compromise—but to
pronounce a clear and distinct judgment. That
is what the committee has done on this occasion.
That does not seem, however, to satisfy gentlemen.
They are not content to applaud Captain Ingraham
for what he has done; they are not content with
the governmental sanction of what he has done;
but they want us to write it out in a long treatise,
with all the " ifs" and " ans," and qualifications
of argument. What Captain Ingraham did is
what the Committee on Foreign Affairs call on
the American Congress to approve, and not what
anybody has said in justification of the act. I
suppose they want us to quote the whole record
and the argument of the counsel in the judgment.
Well, sir, that was not the view which the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs took of the matter. We
made no compromise—for there was none—the
House will allow me this reference to the action of
the committee, though not exactly parliamentary—
we went there like nine respectable gentlemen; weall
opinion of the reason assigned in justification of
the act.
Sir, we never ought to give reasons in such a
case as this. One gentleman said we did nothave
the subject before us, as the President's message
had not been referred. Well, it so happens that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] intro-
duced his resolutions, to which 1 have already re-
ferred, and this House did refer them to us, and
require us to make a report upon them. Like indus-
trious men, we performed our duty and reported
upon them. Wereported speedily, too, for the rea-
son I assigned when I was interrupting my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and for a reason
which was much more eloquently assigned by my
colleague upon the committee, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ciiandlf-r,] that the thanks i
amounted to nothing, if tardily profTeied. The I
Austrian Government has promoted its officer who ]
was engaged in this affair, and has conferred upon
him a high and unusual honor. For what, I am
not precisely able to ascertain, unless it be that he
was entitled to credit for saving his ships from de-
struction. That is a very proper reason for pro-
motion, I admit, if the thing had been done m a
different way. We have nothing to do with that,
however. They have promoted their officer for
saving their ships, as I presume. We cannot pro-
mote Captain Ingraham, although he saved his
ship, too, and did it without complying with terms,
usages and laws as they now are; but we can do
something more significant—we can say to him
that, the heart of the American Congress is with
him; and that ought to be more to him than all
the stars and garters which can be conferred.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phillips]
has pursued a course of argument upon this
occasion not at all unusual, in which he under-
took to condemn the conclusion at which we ;
had arrived, on account of the unsoundness of .
some of the reasons which had been assigned m
support of it. He says that the gentleman from f
i Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] puts it upon the i
1 ground of humanity, and he argues that Captain
Ingraham had no right to interfere upon any such
ground as an American officer. To act from feel-
ings of humanity was not within the line of his
duty.
Have we come this, that the American Army
and Navy can never act to prevent a wrong not j
immediately their own ? Has it come to this, that !
we are so wrapped up in our selfishness, that an
officer ought to be censured, rather than be praised, |
for interfering, as an officer of the Government, :
in an act of humanity, m which American citi- !
zens are not concerned5 I do not so understand j
their duties. I admit that our officers have no ]
right to go out as propagandists, as philanthro- i
pists, to meddle in the affairs of other people, i
when their sympathies might lead them to inter- 1
fere. But I do say that there are occasions J
when they ought to interfere; and in cases of 1
; pressing emergency, not wait for instructions. '
j Our resolutions are full and comprehensive, and
; assert everything which ought to be asserted.
| We assert that Captain Ingraham was right in ex-
| tending American protection to this man, under
! the circumstances in which he acted. What more
do gentlemen want? Emasculated, indeed ? Res-
olutions, asserting such principles as these do, to
be spoken of fix unmeaning—I will not say unmanly !
Charge, indeed, with non-committalism resolutions
so pregnant with meaning as these! My friend
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] thought 
Mr. SMITI1, of Virginia, (interrupting.) Let
me ask my friend a single question, while upon
this particular point. Suppose Koeztahad had no
had the same thing in view—to do a proper thing in 'claim upon the United States at all; that he had
a proper way; we talked over it, we looked at the never been here; that he yjixs a British subject, and
difficulties and came to the conclusion, that if we \\ had been unlawfully seized and taken on board
brought in a resolution declaring that we approved i' the Hussar, would not your resolutions have cov-
of the conduct of Captain Ingraham, and desig- i! ered such a case just as well ' ^
nated by day and date the conduct to which we j! Mr. BAYLY. Why, my friend, the resolutions
alluded, and not alone by referring to the day and ;i thank Captain Ingraham for having gallantly and
date, but by description also, that would be suffi- i, judiciously extended the protection of the American
cient without going into the question whether that I' Government in the precise case m which he acted,
conduct was right on this ground or that—wheth- |j Such is the character of these resolutions. Does
er he was entitled to protection on the ground that ! i any gentleman suppose that we aie going to pro-
he was an American citizen, or upon the ground ;i tect everybody._Why,no! To redrees the wrongs
taken by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. !
Chandler,] of humanity. We came to the con- :
elusion that all which the Committee on Foreign i
Affairs ought to do, was to ask the opinion of j
Congress upon this act itself, without asking its !
of every man? Why, no! I may hereafter define
if I find it proper, the cases in which alone—and
there are such cases, interference of our officers in
cases not immediately our own might be proper.
But I have not time now.
I was going on to say, when my colleague from
the Fairfax district [Mr. Smith] interrupted me,
that my colleague from the Norfolk district [Mr.
Millson] had complained that the House had not
had an opportunity for consideration. Why, sir,
that thing is constantly said about everything that
comes before the House. But let us see how it
is on this occasion—let us see whether there has
been no opportunity for the examination of these
resolutions. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] introduced the resolutions. They lay over
under the rule. When they cameup again heyielded
to a suggestion of mine that they had better go to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which he
was a member. They went to that committee.
They were there scrutinized and brought in here
indorsed by the unanimous vote of the committee.
They are short and simple; but yet, forsooth, the
gentleman says they have not undergone sufficient
consideration. I do not know whatgentlemen mean
by subjecting a resolution to sufficient considera-
tion; but it seems to me that such a charge surely
cannot be brought in a case like this.
I dislike to detain the House unnecessarily by
any remarks of mine, but, before I conclude, I
desire to refer to the remarks of the gentleman
over the way from Alabama, [Mr. Smith.] That
gentleman seems to think this is another Kossuth
affair. Why, that gentleman knows that, as far
as that matter is concerned, I went with him in
opposition to the Kossuth movement.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. My impression is
that the gentleman is taking rather more credit to
himself than he deserves. I do not recollect dis-
tinctly, but my impression is, that, for a consider-
able time, I stood very solitary in my opposition
to that movement.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, about that I do not
know. 1 think myself that upon that occasion
the gentleman ran a little ahead of the music, as I
think he is doing on this occasion. [Laughter.]
I do not know whether I kept up with him in
running ahead of the music, i do not think I did.
That gentleman, however, must recollect that l
voted against the admission of Kossuth upon^this
floor; and that I was denounced as not being a
friend of liberty, because I did not think that man
the impersonation of the spirit of liberty. I may
have come tardily to the gentleman's support, but
when I did come 
A voice. You made your mark.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not say that, but I will say
that when I did come, although I may not have
made as good speeches as the gentleman from Al-
abama did, yet I think they were as well timed, and
that I did quite as effectual service in that contest
as the gentleman. The country can judge of that,
however. But, sir, what analogy is there between
this case and that of Kossuth ?
Mr. SMITH. I will answer that question if
the gentleman will permit me—at least if he asked
it with a view of being answered.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I have no objection
I Mr. SMITH. The similarity is this: Kossuth
j was a refugee from Hungary, and Koszta was one
i of his peculiar men. I look upon them both as
! agitators, as revolutionists; and as, having been
: driven from their own country, going abouton the
1 face of the earth seeking to disturb tne peace of the
universe; and Martin Koszta under the hare pre-
text of making a showing in the beginning of nat-
uralization, left this country, as we may best
suppose, from his disposition to stir up a fuss
: somewhere. That is my answer, and that is the
similarity. .
Mr BAYLY. We will see how that is. It is
true that I took part with the gentleman from Ala-
bama, two years ago, in opposing the unusual
honors that were proposed to be offered to K.os-
sutlr, but the cases have not one whit more to do
with one another than they have with the Refor-
mation. They are quite as distinct. Kossuth
came here as an agitator, to ask us to afford him
" material aid,"—to enlist our Government in his
schemes—to ask us to change our foreign policy
which he implied we did not understand. He did
not come here as an emigrant to become a citizen,
although, 1 undertake to say, that the design, of
the American Government, in offering him a free
passage to this country, was to enable him to
come'here and enjoy that liberty which, I fear, he
I; W ill never be able to achieve m xuirnpe. H e not
only did not hecome naturalized; but he did not
!i take the initiative steps to become naturalised, I
