1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
entry—not even in Minnesota, though it may ^6
there. j
Mr. CLAY. How long will it be before it
will be subject to private entry ?
Mr. ATCHISON. That is another question.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry that my friend
from Missouri has taken this exception; but to
the extent that they have a right, they are put
upon an equality with citizens; and to the extent
that they may acquire a right, they will have it.
The precedent of to-day is the prescription of to-
morrow; and aa to making distinctions of this
kind, my friend must know that it will, result in
this: that wegive ourdomain to foreign immigrants
as far as they choose to settle upon and cultivate
it.
Mr. DAWSON. I will say to my friend from
South Carolina, that he is right in the construc-
tion which he places upon the bill. As I read it,
it applies to lands subject to private entry at the
time of application being made for the benefits of
the act. If the lands are surveyed at any time
within twelve months, or two years, or three
years, before application is made, in Nebraska or
anywhere else, they may be taken. That is the
provision.
Mr. BUTLER. I have taken up the general
impression from the palpable reading of the bill,
and my friends around me who have been more
minutely informed on the subject, tell me that I
am right. It seemed to me that I could not be
mistaken. Then, sir, you are opening yourlgr-
ritory to foreigners. True, we have been told
that the foreign settler cannot take it until he be-
comes a citizen. But now imagine this case: sup-
pose a man who was a deserter upon the plains of
Churuhusco, who has not contributed either his
blood or his treasure to the acquisition of the
lands, but who has used his bullets and his bay-
onet against our soldiers, seitles down upon one
hundred and sixty acres of land in Kansas and
Nebraska, having given notice that he intends to
become a citizen of the United States. Is he not
then an equal with anybody else? How can you
exclude him ? He settles there without any one of
theguarantees to which 1 have alluded. It is said,
to be sure, that he cannot take the land with a per-
fect title until he becomes a citizen. If I were a
judge, presiding in any court, and that man should
come forward to become a citizen, and swear to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
abjure his allegiance to all foreign potentates and
Powers whatever; if he came there with proof in
his pocket that he had been a deserter on tlmt
plain; if became there without the ordinary certifi-
cate that he was a good man, and worthy to be an
American citizen; if he came with a warrant of
blood in his hands, would I, as a judge, admit
him lithe a citizen of that Territory ? No, sir.
And yet you propose to give the land to thieves,
and robbers, anil deserters, if tliey choose to avail
themselves of this power. You give it to any-
body who will go and take it.
Sir, I have as much respect as my honorable
friend from Iowa has for the historial names to
which he alluded; and I might select individuals
from those who are coming over here now
that I would regard as my friends. There are
those among them who are conversant with the
literature of the country, those capable to-morrow
of becoming citizens; but he knows that we can-
not make them citizens ipso facto; and, therefore,
I would require them all to go through a tutelage,
the process required by the Constitution of the
United States, before allowing them to exercise
the privilege of voting anywhere.
But, sir, I will not invite them here by giving
them an equality with citizens who have earned
a right to be tenants of your public soil, who hold
their right by a tenure higher than that of being
invited to come because they were worth nothing.
The best citizens you will ever have, are those
who have earned something by their industry be-
fore they go on the public lands. I am not opposed
to the poor man; but let the comparison be made
when you choose, between the man who has earned
#300, or §500, or $1,000 by his labor, and goes to
settle on the public lands, and an immigrant newly
arrived in New York from Germany, who is twen-
ty-five years old, with not a dollar in his pocket,
who is a beggar in the streets, and a vagabond
everywhere, and I will tell you who would be the
tenant that I would choose. In the language of
my honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,]
I would say that you receive the highest guarantee
and security for his patriotism, from the tenant
who is on your soil—who mingles with it the sweat
of his brow. He will fight for it, and defend it.
The industrious man who has become a husband-
man from choice—by industry—is worthy of my
respect, confidence, and love; butl cannot consent
to place the vagabond (who is invited to take pos-
session because he has earned nothing) upon a per-
fect equality with-those who have earned something
by their labor, I will ijever agree to it. While
genilemen bestow high and splendid eulogies upon
foreigners, let me tell them that 1 know how to
discriminate between one foreigner and another.
But I know that, as a class of men coming in by
shoals, (and they are coming like a swarm of
herrings,) they are not equal to the same number
of American native citizens, or those citizens who
have been naturalized. I do not believe it, and
not believing it, 1 cannot and will not recognize
an equality.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am very illy pre-
pared for vocal gymnastics to-day, but cannot con-
sent that the vote be taken on this motion without
replying to some remarks which fell the other day
from my honorable friend from Iowa, [Mr.DoDGE.l
I rise to exonerate myself from a very grave and
serious charge preferred by that gentleman against
me—that of departing from my father's faith, and
following after strange gods. In support of this
charge he read from some remarks of a gentleman
of my own name, who preceded me in the Senate,
made by him in the winter of 1838, in support of
admitting foreigners, like American citizens, to
the right of preemption.
Now, sir, before stopping to inquire how far
I may agree or disagree with that gentleman, I
wish to address an argumentum ad hominem to my
friend from Iowa. He, sir, of all men in the
Senate, is the last who should ever quote parental
authority, or inveigh against filial disobedience;
for I think the entne Senate will concur with me i
in the opinion that he exhibits in his political !
conduct an utter disregaid of parental precept and j
example. [Laughter.] Indeed, sir, that gallant
and faithful representative of the (t Young Game
Cock of the West" upon this floor, is a practical
refutation of the truth of the old saying, " As
crows the old cock, so crows the young."
[Laughter.] On the contrary, the young cock
generally sounds the counter note to the old cock.
In short, sir, it appears to me that, repudiating
the scriptural injunction, "Hear the instructions
of thy father," he is a perfect illustration of the
self-sufficiency and filial impiety of " progressive
Young America," kicking oiT the swaddling
clothes, dodging daddy, and " going it on his own
hook." [Laughter.]
Now, 1 must confess at the same time, that I
think my friend from Iowa has been generally
right in opposing parental example. He thinks,
however, that I am wrong in doing the same thing.
1 am willing to compromise with him, and agree
that each is wrong in his judgment of the conduct
of the other. If I cannot make this compromise
with him, then I propose to show that I am right;
and, moreover, that I do not occupy an antago-
nistic position to that of my predecessor, from
whom he quoted.
Sir, he quoted the language of a gentleman
whose name I bear, and who preceded me on this
floor, in favor of granting to foreigners the right
to preemption, like American citizens. I concur in
that sentiment. If the Government is going to sell
land, I say sell it to every honest occupant who
willpaythepurchasemoney, upon the same terms.
But, sir, that gentleman, in the same speech from
which my friend quoted, used this other sentiment,
in which 1 most heartily concur: " I am not dis-
posed to place foreigners upon a better footing than
American citizens." So say I; and it is because
the sixth section of this bill does propose to place
them upon a better footing than American citizens,
that I am opposed to it. I intend to show that it
does place them on a higher and better footing, in
a manner so plain that none can misunderstand,
and so conclusive that none can refute. I intend
to strip this bill of all its false and flatterous pre-
tenses, and all its studiously contrived verbal dis-
guises, and present it in its truly hideous deform-
ity to the gaze of the American people. And when
exhibited in the naked daylight of truth, I think
few can endure it, and none embrace it with pleas-
ure or with pride.
Now, sir, in order to illustrate my view of the
true character of this bill, I will use a homely
simile, which will go to the hearts and under-
standings of all men. Suppose a father, having a
large family of sons, and possessed of ah exten-
sive <^ct of wild land, should offer it for sale at a
fixed price to actual settlers, making no discrim-
ination between aliens and his own relations.
There would be a fair illustration of the preemp-
tion policy. True, his sons might complain that
the old gentleman was not as liberal to them as he
should be in giving to strangers, aliens to him in
blood and feeling, a right to purchase on the same
terms with themselves; yet, perhaps, they would
not reproach him with injustice, inasmuch as they
expected to enjoy, as a patrimony, what he might
realize by the sale of his lands. But, suppose
that father, after having pursued this policy for
some forty years, should suddenly, through some
strange capiice or spasmodic emotion of philan-
thropy, conclude to give away his lands, and
should advertise the world that he would bestow
a fiee farm of one hundred and sixty acres on
every man who would come and settle upon the
lands, and cultivate and occupy them for five years.
What would be the reflections of those older sons
who had purchased and paid for their lands?
Would they not reproach their father with in-
justice to his own children in extorting from them
the purchase money for their land, whilst he gave
land to strangers? Suppose, however, the old
gentleman should go a little further, and should
exact of his sons (who had entered the wilder-
ness, reduced a portion of it to cultivation, and
rendered the remainder habitable and eligible for
the location of those strangers) an annual con-
tribution for the aid, comfort, and support of
those strangers, and exempt them from a similar
contribution even for their own use and benefit. I
ask whether those sons would not be willing to
disown and repudiate that father? Suppose he
should even go further than I have suggested, and
should invest those strangers with the power of
swindling, defrauding, and injuring his sons,
and, at the same time, deny to them all means of
redress. Would they not be driven by an indig-
nant sense of his unnatural and cruel treatment
of them, almost to curse that father, and to ad-
dress him in the vituperative language of Scrip-
ture, " If a man provide not for his own, espe-
cially for those of his own house, he hath denied
the faith, and is worse than an infidel." A parent
so lost to every feeling of duty to his offspring
might appear in the form of a man, but would
bear within his bosom the heart of a demon.
Such, sir, is not an exaggerated picture of this
bill. What does it propose? What is the policy
which it will initiate? Why, sir, this Government,
after having for more than forty years sold to her
own children, native American citizens, the pub-
lic lands at a fixed price, now proposes to give
lands free of charge to all, including foreigners,
who may come and settle upon them. Her own
citizens have endured the perils, privations, and
sufferings incident to a life in the wilderness.
The red men have receded at their approach, like
the horizon before the traveler. They have driven
off or destroyed the wild beasts of the forest.
They have robbed it of all its dangers and its
terrors. They have intersected it with roads,
have built bridges, and rendered it accessible and
traversable with ease, comfort, and security. They
have dotted it over with farm-houses, hamlets,
churches, and seminaries of learning; have dis-
sipated its gloomy shadows, and illuminated it
with the benign lights of knowledge and religion.
They have invested it with all the fascinations of
human society, and have added all the attractions
of art to those of nature. And yet, after having
accomplished all this, and having enhanced the
value of the circumjacent unappropriated andva-
cant lands belonging to the Government, and ren-
dered them more desirable and salable, you now
propose by this bill to invite foreigners to come
and settle free of charge upon those lands, pur-
chased by the commingled blood and treasure of
American citizen^, and made accessibleand attrac-
tive by their labors. Do you expect to secure the
gratitude, cherish the affections, and stimulate the
patriotism of your citizens by lavishing such boun-
ties upon aliens?
-But that is not all, or the most objectionable
feature of this bill. It provides that if any for-
eigner hold, occupy, and cultivate any portion of
