1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
Maine [Mr. Fuller] misapprehends the point.
It is a proposition, not to refer the communication
of the Secretary of War, but a proposition to re-
fer some half dozen items embraced in the esti-
mates* which were laid upon the table upon the
first day of the session, under the head of rivers
and harbors. 3t is a motion to refer the estimates,
and not the ieport.
The report of the committee was then read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Clerk to read the
estimates which I send up.
The estimates were then read by the Clerk, pro-
viding for the construction of steam dredges for
the Gulf of Mexico; for snag boats for the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries; for the preservation of
public property; and fortheimprovementof west-
ern rivers and harbois.
Mr. HOUSTON. The explanatory letters in
the possession of the committee, and what hss been
read by the Clerk, show the object and elucidate
the point now before the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to know whether the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama was not
to discharge the Committee on Ways and Means
from the consideration of these estimates, and to
refer them to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Is the question divisible? Must not the question
be taken first upon the motion to discharge the
Committee on Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. A proposition was made to
refer this subject to the Committee on Commerce,
and another to the Committee on Itoads and
Canals. The question will first be taken upon
the motion to refer to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand that these esti-
mates have already been referred to the Commit-
tee on Ways und Means, and that that committee
now move to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of that question, and that the reference
of it be made to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The precise form in which
the motion is usually put the Chair does not rec-
ollect.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the usual form.
Mr. MILLSON". I desire to ask the Chair
whether the question is not divisible, so that it
may first be taken upon the motion to discharge
the Committee on Ways and Means, and after-
ward upon the motion to refer? I wish this
question to be left with the Committee on Ways
and Means. They now have it under considera-
tion. It has been referred to them, and I should
orefer to h*ve it remain with them.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the question is divisible, and if it be called, the i
question will be first taken upon the motion to
discharge the Committee on Ways and Means
from the further consideration of the subject m
question.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I sh;dt call for a divis- !
ion. I thmk an important principle is involved j
in the settlement of this question of reference; and I
to thet principle I a«k the earnest attention of the
members of the House.
I cnnnot vote for the reference of this subject to
either of the committees proposed. I do not want
to vote to refer it to the Committee on Commerce,
because, by so doing, 1 should recognize the prin-
ciple that the improvement of rivers and haibors
was one of the objects legitimately placed under
the power of the Government for making general
regulations concerning commerce.
A a.m, 1 do not wish to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals, because the improve- j
nient of rivers pnd harbors does not under the j
rules come under the cognizance of that commit- ;
tee. It seems to me that this subject, if we have j
any right to consider it at all, belongs to the Com-
mitteeon Ways and Means. It involves a general ■
appropriation "of money from the Treasury , and
that committee has charge of all such subjects.
I therefore think it should remain in the posses-
sion of that committee. I know of no standing
committee of this House to which the subject
can be appropriately referred, if it is not cogniz-
able by the Committee on Ways and Means.
The question of the improvement of rivers and
harbors in some sort involves that of the jurisdic-
tion of the Government over the soil of the indi-
vidual States. It involves a claim of the Govern-
ment of a property m that soil; and therefore, m
that view of the subject, may, perhaps, Appropri-
ately go to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. But, sir, the Committee on Ways
and Means now have possession of the subject,
and I am opposed to dischaiging them from its
further consideration.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I was about to say that I
presumed the memheis of the Mouse have made
up their minds in reference to the committee they
propose to refer this subject to, and I would there-
fore call the previous question; but 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the gentleman to allow
me to say a single word before he calls the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was going to say that I
would not call it now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have only to .say, in con-
nection with the subject which is now presented,
that I believe it is entirely in conihot with the whole
former practice of legislation here, for the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to report a river and
harbor bill. I do not believe they have ever re-
ported such a bi!!, nor do 1 believe they ever ex-
amined or reported upon the estimates for such a
measuie.
There is already a great deal of complaint that
the Committee on Ways and Means are, m their
legitimate action, absorbing: too much of the busi-
ness of legislation; and while I have no particular
care in respect to such complaints, while the com-
plaints are unfounded, proposing as I do to dis-
charge my duty as best 1 can as one of the mem-
bers of this body, yet if this subject should be
referred to that committee, and placed in their
charge, I am not sure but some ground may exist
for such a complaint.
Sir, I am unwilling; as a member of this body,
and as a member of the Democratic party—en-
tertaining the political sentiments I do upon this
subject—to embody these estimates in any one of
the ordinary appropriation hills. The estimates
are before us, and if voted, they are to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War; but I do not wish to acknowledge, or to
admit the principle that they can appropriately
find a placem the Army appropriation bill; because
if you do that, you may load down appropiitilion
bills that should be, under the practice of the two
Houses of Congress, confincd to expenditures
authorised by law, with appropriations that are
not provided for by law.
I thmk that the piactice of the House heretofore,
upon this subject, has been a sound and proper
one; and I therefore hope that (he House will dis-
chaige the Committee on Ways and Means from
the further consideration of these estimates, and
transfer them to any other committee that this
House, in its judgment, may thmk proper.
[Cries of " Question !"]
Mr. DUNBAR. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I wish to disabuse the mind
of the House from some impressions that were
endeavored to he made the other day by the gen- j
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ewinu;] with regard j
to the sentiments of that committee upon the sub- j
ject of internal improvements. He appeared to j
have taken up the idea that the Committee on :
Commerce was opposed to internal impiovements. !
Now, sir, as a munbei of that committee, I beg
leave to state to the House that I am decidedly in
favor of those improvements, and I thmk that the
motion of thegentleman from Alabama—the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means—
to refer these estimates to the Committee on Com-
merce,ought to prevail. The Committee on Com-
merce want the estimates that have been made by
the Secretary of War upon the subject of these
improvements of our rivers and harbors. The
subject has been referred to us, and it is necessary
for'us, in order that we should act understand"-
mgly upon it, that we should have those esti-
mates.
Now, sir, assuredly the interests of the State of
Louisiana, which I in part represent, are identical
with the interests of the valley of the Mississippi.
Mr. EWING, (interrupting.) I desire to make
a hi ief explanation. I seem to have been misun-
derstood, in the remarks which I made the other
dav, by several of the members of the Committee
]j on'Commerce. 1 certainly entertain no unkind feel-
j! ings towards any of them; and so far ns the gentle-
]! man from Louisiana [Mr. Du-vhar] is concerned,
■1 I would willingly intrust the formation of the de-
i' tailsof the bill to him. Iwouhl trust him in advance;
|j because of his locality; hut it so happens that a
li majority of the members of the Committee on
j Commerce do not represent States whose interests
I are identical with the interests of the Mississippi
: valley. I am assured that they will report a bill;
j 1 have not a doubt of that; but I fear that it will
| be such a bill as wos reported at the last session
i of Congress, and against which i was compelled
! in conscience to cast my vote. I do not want
I simply that a bill shall be reported, but I want a
i bill that is fair and just to that section of the
country from which 1 come.
There is one reason—begging the gentleman's
pardon for retaining the floor—a peculiar reason
why this is a matter of great importance.
A new system of taxation, proposed hitherto
by the distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and now recommended, if I tmder-
i stand him, by the President of the United States,
so peculiarly onerous that we could never submit
to it: 1 speak of the proposition to lay a tonnage
duty on domestic commerce. Now, sir, it is ex-
tremely important, under these novel circura-
i stances, that a committee, representing the inter-
: ests of the Mississippi valley, should have the
charge of this matter. I do not wish to be under-
stood as making any imputation against the fair
ness of the Committee on Commerce. I only inti-
mate that, like myself, its members may seek to
represent peculiarly and especially the interests of
the country from which they come.
Mr. DUNBAR. I did not mean to accuse the
gentleman from Kentucky of unfairness in the
remarks which he made the other dny m regard
to the Committee on Commerce. 1 wished merely
to disabuse his mind of the impression that the
Committee on Commerce, not having been selected
principally from the western States, were there-
fore opposed to these public improvements. Now,
so far as I understand the sentiments of the mem-
bers composing that committee, they are in favor
of the improvement of rivers and harbors. I have
no authority to speak for the whole of the com-
mittee; but I speak for myself m saying that one
of its members is decidedly in favor of these im-
provements. I believe that the majority of the
committee are also in favor of them.
It does appear to me, Mr. Speaker, to be an en-
tire perversion of terms to refer the improvements
of rivers and harbors to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. I understand that our standing com-
mittees are intrusted with certain powers, and have
referred to each certain peculiar subjects. Names
are given to those committees for the purpose of
indicating what subjects should be referred to each
of them. Now, 1 ask why should the subject of
i the improvements of rivers and harbors be referred
' to the Committee on Roads and Canals? Assu-
redly there is no reason for our doing so. I under-
, stand, indeed, that it has not heretofore been the
custom of this House to refer subjects of this kind
; to that committee. If that be so, why should a
; new practice be now introduced; and why should
, there be a perversion of terms?
1 Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. With the
gentleman's permission, I would request the Clerk
■ to read the rule which sets forth the appropriate
duties of the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DUNBAR. I yield the floor, that the rule
I referred to may be read.
j The Clerk then read the 98th rule, as follows:
I " 9H. Itsliall be the duty of the Committee on Roads and
' OannN to take into eons-Kleration all > ueh petitions and
nutlets or tiling relating to road* and canals arid the lm-
: piovement ot the navigation ofrivet-, sliaM be piesenicd,
, oi may come ni question, and be refencd to tliein by the
' Uoiuc ; "111(1 to rppnrtthf-rupon, together with *«eh proposi-
tions relative theieto, as to them tdiall seem expedient.55
Mr. DUNBAR. I am a novice in legislation,
, and do not pretend to be an fail in the practice of
!| this House, and the duties peculiar to each of its
i committees; but I perceive that thervle which has
i'. just been read gives the Committee on Roads and
1 Canals more power than J supposed u possessed,
: looking to the nomenclature of the committees of
I this House. Be that as it may, it only shows that
i, either committee may appropriately consider the
[ subject of internal improvements. I rose for the
i purpose of disabusing the House of the alleea-
i lions made on its floor in reference to the senti-
ments and opinions of the members of the Com-
i mittee on Commerce on the subject of internal
i: improvements. And I do believe, Mr. Speaker,
!' that the Committee on Commerce are as much in
j' favor of internal improvements—the improvements
II of harbors and rivers—as any other committee
