1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
the one hundred and sixty acres of land (although
he cultivate b t one acre) for five years, at the expi-
ration of that time he may obtain a patent. Now,
sir, by compact between the Federal Government
and all the land States of this Union, no one of
those States can tax one foot of land, the title, to
which is in the Government of the United States.
That is a proposition which will not, 1 presume,
be denied or questioned. Then, sir, you propose,
by this policy, to introduce into the State of Ala-
bama any number of foreigners who may go there
and settle upon the public and unappropriated
lands, and allow them to enjoy, for a period of
five years, all the privileges of society and protec-
tion of citizenship, without contributing one cent
towards the support of the government of that
State, in the way of taxation upon that land,
while the lands of native American citizens lying
within the State are being taxed.
Nor is this all. I said, and I repeat, that as long
as the Federal Government holds title to those
lands by special compact between the State and
the Federal Government, the State cannot tax
them. Now, suppose a foreigner, or any number
of foreigners who go to settle upon the public
lands within my own State, should not choose to
contribute towards the support of the State gov-
ernment in the way of taxation on their lands,
but should wish to enjoy immunity from taxes.
All that is necessary to enable them to escape the
burdens, and still enjoy the benefits of govern-
ment, is to abstain from asking for or receiving a
patent. They may thus hold on for life to their
free farm, free from taxation. In the mean time,
they may become naturalized citizens under the
naturalization laws. They may then participate
in the framing of laws, and in the government of
that State; and yet they are exempted by the pro-
visions of this bill, and by compact between the
State of Alabama and the Federal Government,
from any obligation to contribute, m the way of
taxes upon theirJand,to the supportof thatState.
Do you suppose that the intelligent freemen of
Alabama can be flattered or cajoled into an ap-
proval of a measure so unjust and injurious to
them, and so generous and beneficial to aliens?
But the most iniquitous and offensive part of
this bill is still untold. By another provision of
the bill, you propose to give to those foreign
immigrants within the State of Alabama, the right
and power of defrauding, swindling, and injuring
their neighbors; and, at the same time, you deny
to those neighbors the right or power of any legal
redress. You propose to render those aliens per-
petual bankrupts by giving them the benefit of a
prospective as well as a retrospective bankrupt
law, provided they will not ask or receive a patent,
but will hold on to their lands, and enjoy them
without a patent, as tenants of the Federal Gov-
ernment; for there is no forfeiture attached to the
failure to ask for a patent at the expiration of five
years; and those men may hold, use, and occupy
the land forever without receiving a title.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from Alabama
just at this point allow me to interrupt him, be-
cause it is this particular question on which I spoke
the other day, and on which my vote will depend
as to striking out this section ?
Mr. CLAY. I yield the floor with pleasure.
Mr. BROWN. I tried the other day, to ex-
plain that, according to my understanding of this
section, a foreigner making his declaration of in-
tention 'to become a citizen must perfect his dec-
laration by actually becoming a citizen within five
years, or else he will lose all the rights conferred
upon him under this act. The sixth section pro-
vides that a foreigner ii who shall have delared his
intention, as required by the naturalization laws of
the United States, shall become a citizen of the
same before the issuance of the patent, as made
and provided for in this act, shall be placed upon
an equal footing with the native-born citizen of
the United States."
Now, the words " as made and provided for in
this act," relate, I apprehend, to the time fixed
for issuing the patent; and the whole section of it
read, as I shall now read it, would mean what I
believe it does mean as it stands: "A foreigner
who shall have filed his declaration of intention,
as required by the naturalization laws of the
United States, and shall become a citizen of the
same before the expiration of the five years from
the date of that declaration, shall be placed upon
an equal footing with the native-born citizen of the
United States.99 That is the clear construction of
the language, according to my understanding of
it; and I tried so to explain the other day. There-
fore, unless he perfects that declaration of inten-
tion within five years, by actually becoming a cit-
izen, he has no rights under this statute, after the
expiration of the five years, if he may remain
upon the land, according to the construction which
my friend from Alabama puts upon it, to all eter-
nity, without becoming a citizen, then I shall vote
to strike out the section; and if it is not stricken
out, 1 shall vote against the whole bill, because I
am for having no man settle down upon our soil,
remain there, occupy it forever, and not be a citi-
zen of the country; but my clear interpretation
of the section is as I have now stated it, and as I
explained when I spoke the other day.
A few words now to my friend from South
Carolina. He took me to task for having declared
my willingness to see foreigners occupy the soil;
and he wished to know howl reconciled that with
my vote upon a former bill, excluding them from
the right of voting. I was opposed, and I am yet
opposed, to&llowing anybody who is nota citizen
to control any part of this country; and I there-
fore voted against giving to foreigners the rightof
suffrage and the right of holding office in the two
Territories that have been lately organized. But
I said the other day, and I now repeat, that, after
they have been fully invested with the right of
suffrage, and the rightof holding office intheTer-
ritories, I will not quibble about giving them the
mere right of settling down upon a piece of the
public lands, and cultivating it, and turning the
products of their labor into the general wealth.
That, as I understand it, is all that you give them
by this bill. But an argument is urged that this
is an encouragement to them to go into the Terri-
tories. I think not. I will not care to encourage
them; but being there, under the general license
which they have already received, I am very ap-
prehensive that they will vote away my rights,
and the rights of my friend from South Carolina.
He corrected me on another point. He says he
voted for this right of foreigners 
Mr. BUTLER. I never voted for it. I voted
against it as a distinct proposition, and so did the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. Was my friend one of the
seven?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. I am very glad to find thathe
was one of th^glorious seven.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the explanation
of my friend, the Senator from Mississippi, is but
an illustration of the entire character of this bill,
j It is a bill full of ambiguity, of equivocation, of
! amphibology, as my friend from Michigan [Mr.
: Cass] suggests. It is a bill which admits of dif-
i ferent interpretations in different quarters; but
j who is to interpret it, and how its provisions are
| to be enforced, are not provided for by it. Now,
| suppose that the sixth section admits of the inter-
' pretation of my friend from Mississippi, and
which other Senators friendly to the bill say is the
proper interpretation, where is the provision for
i ousting these foreignersfrom their settlement upon
the public lands, if, at the expiration of five years,
they do not become naturalized?
Mr. BROWN. I will answer my friend. It is
by allowing anybody else to enter, who chooses
to do so. If their right ceases, of course the
lands become subject to private entry.
Mr. WALKER. Just as any person can now
enter lands when the preemption expires.
Mr. CLAY. Let me ask whether either of
these Senators, who make this suggestion in the
way of correction, sincerely believe that, in prac-
tice, effect would ever be given to their idea?
Do they believe that anybody would ever oust
1 foreigners under such circumstances? How will
' people ever know whether they have become nat-
| urahzed citizens or not? Will they take pains to
' go and search the files of the courts, and ascer-
| tain that fact? Will they have the means of as-
j certaining whether they have been naturalized or
j not? And if it were known they had taken out
| no patent or become naturalized, who would oust
| them, and rob them of their houses and other im-
. provements? I think the section admits of the
| construction which I place upon it; and T think,
: if it admits of that «*iven it by its friends, the con-
| struction which I give it will be the practical illus-
i tration of the working of the bill. But I wish to
go back to where I etoppfed when interrupted b^
the Senator from Mississippi. The bill, in its
fourth section, provides:
" That all lands acquired under the provisions of this act
shall in no event become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing the patent there-
Now, I say that, under this section of the
bill, you may introduce into the State which f
have the honor to represent, a population consist?
ing mainly of foreigners, who are utterly inde-
pendent of all their obligations to the State or to
mdividual^who may contract debts with impu-
nity, who may defy the courts, and enjoy the
piece of land upon which they settle despite of
State laws, because it cannot be levied upon or
subjected to the satisfaction of any debt which
they may contract prior to the issuance of the
patent. Thus it is possible, should this bill be*
come a law, on the public domain in Alabama,
(whioh constitutes yearly half of all the lands in
her limits,) an alien population may be colonized,
exceeding in numbers her native citizens, who,
standing on a higher and better footing than those
citizens, may enjoy the protection of the Govern-
ment without aiding in its support, and may riot
in licentious liberty on their free farms, free from
taxes, free from creditors, and free from the obli-
gations of their contracts. And does any one
suppose that State pride could brook such con-
tempt of her authority and such outrage of her
rights as is contemplated in this bill ? Sir, as one
of the representatives of that young, but noble
Commonwealth, I will never lend my aid or coun-
tenance to any measure so fraught with her humil-
iation, dishonor, and injury.
The bill will not only infract the rights and de-
grade the dignity of the land States, but will inflict
serious injury on their landholders. The Gov-
ernment holds double the quantity of land held by
all her citizens; when she makes the public domain
free as air to foreigners, as well as citizens, private
lands must be depressed in value; for who will
buy land of individuals when it can be taken as a
gift from the Government? It will injure the land-
holders, not merely by depressing the price of their
land, but by cheapening all its products; for, by se-
ducing from thgir pursuits the mechanic, merchant,
and manufacturer, and making them farmers, you
will increase the number of producers, by reducing
the number of consumers, and multiply the class
of sellers by withdrawing them from the cla^s of
buyers. Thus, by cheapening the sale value of
land, and of its products, you will lower the prof-
its of agriculture and injure the agricultural class,
which you affect to benefit. And, do you think
the landholders in the new States so ignorant as
not to apprehend the natureof this bill,and antici-
pate the injuries its policy will inflict? Do you
think they will endure, without a murmur, these
aggravated wrongs? You sold them their lands,
and received their money; but now propose to give
to foreigners as well as citizens, the remainder of
your lands, to exempt them from paying taxes to
the State, or debts to individuals, to enable them
to share in the benefits of schools, churches, roads,
bridges, and all the comforts of civilization, with-
out enduring any of the burdens of Government;
, and, as if to cap the climax of injustice, you will
! reduce the value of the lands sold to your land-
I holders and the products of their labor. Wrongs
j so grievous and iniquitous could scarcely be en-
! dured with patience and submissiveness by stoic
| or by saint.
| A great deal has been said here in condem-
i nation of what are called Native Americans, or
! Know-Nothings. 1 am neither one northe other,
I in the political sense of those terms; but let me ask
! the Senator from Iowa, who is the zealous friend
! and champion of the foreign population, whether
there is any measure which could be conceived of,
i or projected, or passed by Congress, which is
I better calculated to excite, to foster, and encour-
! age a Native American feeling, than this very bill ?
; I tell him that, if this bill pass, he will see realized
! what I had hoped never to witness in this coun-
1 try—he will see a Native American, or Know-
' Nothing party growing up in the southern States
| of this Union. And, sir,—and I say it with no less
j pride than pleasure,—as much traduced, libelled,
land slandered, as those States have been by the
■ I fanatics at the North, they have been freer from
Ii all species of radicalism than any other section of
II this Confederacy; and, but for the pure,conserva-
