IBB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
in this House, whether it be the Committee on
Roads and Canals, or any other committee.
I am referred, Mr. Speaker, to the 83d rule of
this House, which I will take the liberty of read-
ing.
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Commerce to
take into consideration such petitions and matters or
tilings touching the commerce of the United States, as shall
be presented, or shall or may come into question, and be
referred to them by the House, and to report from time to
ime their opinion thereon."
Now, this and other rules show that it is pe-
culiarly the duty of the Committee on Commerce
to take subjects of this kind into consideration.
And it has been the custom, I am informed, of the
House to have these subjects of the improvement
of harbors and rivers referred to the Committee on
Commerce. Now,unless therebe some good rea-
son given why a different rule should be followed
to that which has been heretofore pursued, I shall
consider that the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] to refer the subject to
the Committee on Commerce, ought to prevail.
I stated, Mr. Speaker, when I first rose, that
the interests of my constituents were identical
with the interests of the constituents of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Ewing.] We re-
present here the interests of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi. I represent that portion of it which lies
at the mouth of the Mississippi, and I take great
interest in the subject of internal improvements.
At the commencement of the session I introduced
a bill into this House for the purpose of removing
obstructions at the mouth of the Mississippi; and
I propose that this subject—a subject in which I
take great interest—should be referred to the con-
sideration of the Committee on Commerce.
Now, if the motion of the gentleman prevail,
that this subject be referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, let me ask what becomes of
the disposition of the bill which I introduced, for
the purpose of removing obstructions from the
mouth of the Mississippi? It appears to me right,
and I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, because I consider that the proper
reference. And we also want the estimates of the
Secretary of War to be referred to that committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say to my friend
from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar,] that he will find
that those estimates are in gross, and that if it is his
purpose to introduce a bill having for its object any
specific improvement, he can propose to refer it to
any committee he may see fit. These estimates
are in gross, for the operations which have been
commenced under the bill passed at the last session
of Congress.
Mr. DUNBAR. I must say that I am obliged
to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
for his explanation. But the difficulty of referring
these subjects to different committees, is this:
The danger is that we should not be able to pass
any bills on the subject. Different bills will be
introduced;and I understand,from what has been
done here for years, that it would be impossible,
in such cases, to pass any bill, reported for any
Eublic improvements. This House always has a
ill introduced by u committee; and if such should
be for various public improvements, I understand
it would then be impossible to introduce a bill for
any particular improvements—for instance: a bill
for the improvement of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi—and to get the House to consider a bill and
Eass it upon its own merits. I would much rather
ave that course pursued. I consider it would be
a much better system of legislation for Congress
to pass each bill on its own merits, and decide
whether this improvement, or that improvement,
should be made on merits of its own.
But we know that this is contrary to all the ex-
perience of legislation in thi3 House, and it is
impossible to get a bill of this kind passed upon
its own merits. I fear if this matter is to be re-
ported upon by the Committee on Commerce, and
by the Committee on Roads and Canals, that, be-
tween the two committees, both of the bills intro-
duced for the same purpose may be lost, and
neither of them passed. Though I am a strict
constructionist of the Constitution, and go for
State rights, yet at the same time 1 have never
doubted that this Government has the right to make
appropriations for gieat works of national import-
ance—that this Government has the right to make
appropriations for the improvement of the mouth
of the Mississippi, and its branches which run
through various States. I have never had a doubt
that the Government has the right to improve har-
bors. I have always considered that the inter-
nal commerce of the United States was of vastly
more importance to us than all our foreign com-
merce. Our internal commerce has been the cause
of the growth and prosperity of this country, more
than any other cause whatever, save the free insti-
tutions of our people. Therefore I have never had
a doubt for a moment that this Government has'
the right to make appropriations for great objects
of National improvements.
The danger is, that the bill may be got up in
such a way as' to prevent its passage through this
House and the Senate, or if not to prevent such
passage, yet to prevent the obtaining of the sig-
nature of the President of the United States, for
the same reason that Mr. Polk vetoed the river
and harbor bill.
I am in favor of a reasonable bill, not for ex-
travagant appropriations or for local objects, but
for national objects. I feel warranted, as one of
the Committee on Commerce, in saying that a
majority of that committee will go for such a bill.
Mr. HUNT. I was opposed to this reference,
because I believed that that committee, as consti-
tuted, to be unfriendly to the subject of improve-
ments. I am glad to see my colleague [Mr. Dun-
bar] comeoutin favor of the great cause ofinternal
improvement. [ hope this House will take it as
true—as true it must be—that that committee is
constituted so as to advance this great cause.
With this assurance of the gentleman in refer-
ence to that matter, I hope the House will allow
this subject to go to the Committee on Commerce,
as it is proposed. 1 understand that gentleman to
say that the committee is not going to oppose the
system of internal improvements which the friends
of that system are to bring before this House.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose my friend speaks
only of a majority of that committee.
Mr. HUNT. As a matter of course.
Mr. DUNBAR. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood upon this subject. I have only given my
opinion upon the matter under discussion; and
have given my opinion as to what I believe to be
the opinions and impressions of a majority of the
Committee on Commerce.
I do not wish to be understood as supporting
any general system of internal improvement, no
more than I wish to be understood as supporting
the great American system, so ably advocated,
years ago, by the distinguished Mr. Clay. I
wish to be understood as in favor of great national
improvements; and I have no doubt but the Gov-
ernment has the right to make appropriations for
such improvements of rivers and harbors; for the
improvement of such rivers as the Mississippi, the
Ohio, and other streams which run through differ-
ent States. I do not desire to be understood as in
favor of any wasteful system of expenditure, as
was advocated during the administration of John
Gtuincy Adams. I do not wish to be understood
as advocating any such general system, but I am
in favor of liberal and reasonable appropriations
for works of a national character.
Mr. HUNT. I am not satisfied with the ex-
planation of my colleague. I am not willing to
trust the internal improvement of the country to
gentlemen making declarations with such limita-
tions. I desire to stand by my friends who are
in favor of a sytem of internal improvements, and
for a reference of the subject to a committee that
can take charge of it, and advocate such a system
as friends.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Dunbar,] speaking as if by authority
from the Committee on Commerce, intimates that
there is no doubt but that the committee will,
within a reasonable time, report a bill. The great
difficulty, I fear, that we shall have to encounter,
will be, as I intimated the other day, that that
committee will not be disposed to report such a
bill as the friends of the system desire. The r6-
marks of the honorable gentleman from Louisiana
tend to convince my mind upon that point more
fully than 1 was convinced before. He says that
he is opposed to a general system of internal im-
provements. Now, had the gentleman gone on to
define what he means by a general system, we
should have been better able to understand his
position. That is a little like being in favor of a
judicious tariff, which I understand to mean pro-
tection to sugar in Louisiana—free trade in every-
thing else; protection to iron in Pennsylvania—
and free trade for everything else.
I concur with the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Hunt] who last spoke, and 1 was quite
pleased with his remarks the other morning upon
the subject of the tariff. We go for such a sys-
tem of internal improvements as will promote the
great interests of commerce throughout the entire
length and breadth of this land; and we go for
such a system of protection as shall protect ail
branches of American industry. If we cannot get
a committee to report upon the tariff, or upon the
subject of internal improvements, in such a man-
ner as will embody these great principles, I, for one,
stand here ready to oppose any partial system. It
is for that reason that I will do everything in my
power to strike down this idea of protecting iron
in Pennsylvania, unless Pennsylvania, and other
States engaged in the manufacture of iron, wilt
come forward and say that they will protect the
other branches of American industry.
I will notify the gentlemen upon the Committee
on Commerce, especially the chairman of that
committee, who told us the other day that the
committee in the last Congress reported a bill to
divide equally into three parts the amount of ap-
propriations, that if, in making up this bill, he will
take into consideration the amount of commerce,
and the population in these divisions, not forget-
ting the other appropriations to be made for the
benefit of the commerce upon our sea-board—for
light-houses, for breakwaters, and for other im-
provements for the benefit of commerce—I say, if
he will make up his calculation in full, allowing an
appropriation to each section of the country, in
proportion to its population and its commerce, I
shall be satisfied with the bill; but if not, I shall
stand here to oppose every proposition that may
be made for the benefit of the light-house system,
or for the benefit of the commerce of our sea-
board. This is what we ask for—we demand
justice.
There are loud and deep complaints from the
valley of the Mississippi, m regard to the system
which has heretofore prevailed with reference to
these appropriations, and sooner or later a voice
will come from that great West which cannot be
disregarded by the representatives upon this floor.
I still think, as I said the other morning, that
the Committee on Roads and Canals is the proper
committee to take charge of the subject; and, as I
then stated my reasons for that opinion, ! do not
think it necessary at this time to repeat them.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I regret
exceedingly that there should be any difference
among the friends of harbor and river improve-
ments as to the proper reference of these esti-
mates, and am afraid that this difference will be
disastrous to the common object of us all—the
passage of a proper river and harbor bill. After
eight years of ardent devotion to harbor and river
improvements in this House, I think both the
friends and enemies of such improvements will
concede that, in the course I take, I have but one
end in view, and that is a final triumph. These
estimates should go to the most friendly commit-
tee: and I have thoroughly investigated the organ-
ization of the different committees of the House,
and can come to no other conclusion than that the
Committee on Commerce can be trusted by the
friends of harbor and river improvements to a
fuller extent than any other committee. I have
no delicacy about my own committee. I would
freely support a reference to any other, did I not
have full confidence in the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman state to the
House his reasons for coming to the conclusions he
has stated ? Let us know whether they have gone
fully into the details of the matter, and if so, what
those details are.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That is exactly what
I arose for. But I cannot begin at the end of what
I have to say, and speak it backwards. Let the
gentleman be patient; I am aware I speak slowly,
but——■
Mr. EWING. I am afraid you will never get
to that noint.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I must inform my
friend from Kentucky that it is out of order to
refer in the House to anything- that has taken
place in committee. I shall take pleasure in com-
municating to his private ear any information in
my possession, but not in open House. I repeat,
