1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
tive principles, and true American feeling of the
South, in my opinion, the radical, meddlesome
spirit of the North would, ere this, have involved
this Government in a foreign war. You saw no
man-worship of Kossuth exhibited at the South,
during his pilgrimage among us. And you have
seen no indications of jealousy, envy, or hatred
of foreigners among southrons. We neither feel
norexhu.ut towards them such evil passions. You
haveseen no disposition there to embark in the pol-
icy of intervention with the affairs of foreign coun-
tries, or to exclude foreigners from participating
as citizens in the privileges of this cotfntry. But,
pass this bill, and impress upon the public mirtd
throughout the South, the idea that, not con-
tent wuh sheer justice to foreigners, you will be
generous to them, and unjust to your own citizens,
and the spirit of Native Americanism will soon
develop itself where, hitherto, it has been unfeit
and almost unheoid of. Let the friends of foreign
immigrants on this floor beware lest they injure
rather than benefit that class'of our population.
Sir, men are prone to overlook things that are
near, arid to fix their vision upon distant objects;
10 lose sight of the physical and rnoial wants of
their own family or neighbors in contemplating
the distresses of those more remote. Hence that
chanty which should begin at home is often
expended upon strangers, and wot ks of present
necessity are neglected for the achievement of
some future good. 1 do not sympathize in that
sublimated philanthropy or double-refined benev-
olence which forgets or disregards the poor and the
needy at its own door, and runs abroad m search
of objects of its care and kindness If we are to
convert this Government into a chant y asylum,
let us lavish its bounties upon citizens rather than
foreigners. At all events, let us not inflict mjui y
on the citizen for the benefit of the foreigner; let
us not rob the former that we may give to the lat-
ter. I never admired or esteemed Petrarch's aban-
donment of his family to purify the poetry and
refine the feelings of ins countrymen, or Zimmer-
man's inculcation of beautiful benevolence while
tyrannising over his children.
I oppose this bill for many other reasons,
which I shall give at a proper time. I have con-
fined myself on this occasion, to the particular
section of the bill whith it is proposed to strike
out. I will, however, before I lake my seat, an-
swer one reply which I anticipate may be made.
1 know it will be said " why complain about
giving lands away to foreigners? May not Ameri-
can citizens enjoy this bounty? iVlay not those
who have heretofore paid for tneir lands, and are
now occupying and cultivating them, go uf on the
unappropriated public lands, and take the benefit
of this act? May not the mechanic, the mer-
chant, the artisan, in short, all classes go upon
the public domain, and shaie in the bounties of
this hill?" That ts the reply winch will be made
to me. Hut, sir, 1 ask you if it is not insulting
the intelligence of any man, if it is not mocking
his spirit, to tell him, who, by the whole business
of his life, has unfitted himself for the culture of
the soil, who has expended his time, and talents,
and bodily labor m acquiring a species of handi-
craft and skill which (it him for one of the me-
chanic ai ts, but'disquniify him for the cultivation
of the soil—I as-k if it is not grievous mockery
to fell him to go and enjoy this bounty'' 1 ; sk
you if it is not deriding those men who have hith-
erto purchased and paid for their lands, and are
now enjoying and occupying them, and who
would lose more by abandoning their improve-
ments for this bounty than they would gain, to
tell them go and occupy it.
You might as well bid one,
kC Hold a fire in bis hand,
By ihmUmg on theiro-t> Caucasus;
Or cloy th<> hungry edye of appetite,
By bare imagination of a fca^r,"
as bid those go and enjoy your free farms, who
are disabled by nature or disease, or disqualified
by habit for cultivating the soil, or who, by ac-
cepting your invitation, would lose the fruits of
pyst toil far exceeding in value the bounty you
tender them. Your affected beneficence, far from
exciting platitude to thii Government, or satis-
fying their minds, or bunging joy or gladness to
their hearts, will embitter their spirits against the
Government and create envy, jealousy, and heart-
burning against the partakers of your bounty.
They will feel that they are tormented with this
proffer of bounties they cannot enjoy, and con-
demned like the fabled Tantulus, to
" Thirst in waves,
And, viewing bauquets, starve."
Sir, such feelings cannot be repressed or buried
in their hearts. X'hey will buist forth m unre-
strained indulgence. They will exhibit them-
selves, 1 fear, m the persecution of foreigners, in
inflaming the prejudices of religious sects, in dis-
rupung social ties, in dissolving existing political
associations, m organizing parties anew, upon a
different basis, and one fatal to the best interests
of the Union, and the peace and harmony of its
citizens.
I confess, sir, that I will not vote for the bill if
this section is stricken out; for there an* other
features, to which 1 have not alluded, no less ob-
noxious to me than tins. I know that in oppos-
ing the free-farm policy, I must encounter the
opposition of demagogues at home, who use it as
a political hobby-hoise, on which they may lide
into office. If i could yield to the ins a tergo ex-
el ted by a morbid appetite far public lanif in a
small portion of the new State which I have the
honor,m pait,to represent—an unnaturalappetite,
created by the vicious condiments administered by
selfish political quacks for their own sinister pur-
poses—I would go heart in hand for this bill. But
there are constitutional objections to it, which for-
bid my embracing this, or any measure which
proposes to give away the public lands, or other
propecty of the United States. I have endeavored
to develop those objections in my speech on the
indigent insane land bill.
And with all respect for my honorable and es-
teemed friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] I must
say, that 1 have been unable to appreciate the dis-
tinction 9 on constitutional grounds, between giving
lands to the States and giving them to individuals.
How it is constitutional to give to individuals and
unconstitutional to give to the States, has yet to be
explained to my satisfaction.
I believe—I had almost said I know—that this
bill, if it becomes a law, will prove highly injuri-
ous to the intercstaof Alabama But if I thought
otherwise, no inducement of selfish, local, or State
interests, will ever seduce me to transgress the
charieied limits of this Government, and to enter
upon that boundless and dangerous region within
which sparkle up on every hand springs of tempt-
ation as fatal to the spirit of our Federal Constitu-
tion as was the fabled fountain in the garden of
Armula to human life.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, with respect to the
latter remaik of the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama, I have nothing to say It is a subject that
he and I have gone over fully. I do not come
here to profess my attachmentto theConstitution.
That we all profess to obey, and we have sworn
to support if. We put our construction on it,
and we act on that construction, i see a very
great difference between granting land to the State
ofVirginm, the State of Massachusetts, or any
other State, as an act of gratuity, and granting
land to individuals who go to .settle on it, and
theieby inciease the value of the public lands. I
see th t difference, and that is enough for me. If
the honorable Senator fiom Alabama does not
see it or appreciate it, it is a matter for himself
My opinion is, that theie is an essential constitu-
tional d -flerence between the two propositions, and
from almost the foundation of the Government
we have acted in conformity with this view. The
one is a gratuitous, unconstitutional, unnecessary
grant, and the other is perfectly within theConsti-
tution. But I did not rise to discuss that question.
1 rose merely to advert to one or two remarks
which fell from the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama m the very able view—I certainly must say
thai—he has presented to the Senate.
The honorable Senator seems to consider it a
kind of repioach that this land is offered to every-
body. He considers it, like the apple of Sodom,
fair to the eye, but filled with ashes. He thinks
that mechanics cannot take advantage of it. The
honorable Senator, in that view, is mistaken—
radically mistaken, to use a term which he used,
but in a diffeient sense from that in which he em-
ployed it. I know there are hundreds and thou-
sands of mechanics—able and excellent mechan-
ics—who are desirous to exchange the shop for the
field; and my friends around me, who hve in the
Northw est, have seen this feelmsr nearly everyday, i
A large portion of our population is made up of!
them. They wish to change their employment.
There is no industrious man in this country, who
has arrived at middle age, be he a blacksmith, a.
; carpenter, or a cooper, wno is not able io go into
i any portion of our country, and make a living
' upon a farm, by cultivating and improving it. it
i requires no g-eat or proiound knowledge to do
thiM. i iepeat, that, to my personal knowledge,
I this is a change of condition that a lar^e portion
i of our mechanic.-? wish to make, and which they
| do make every day. I presume there is not a man
| here representing a Stale north and west of the
; Ohio, but can look around and see hundreds of
| instances of it. So that my friend from Alabama
[ is entirely mistaken m that assumption; but it was
I not principally to correct this that 1 rose.
i I rose for the purpose of saying a few words as
to the question presented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama, on the subject of taxation. I
will remind the honorable Senator that thearrange-
menrs entered into by the States and the United
States, by which the States relinquished the right of
taxing for five years after the sale of the land, has,
] in all cases, been rescinded by the United States,
i Mr. CLAY. Will my honorable friend allow
j me to explain for a moment?
| Mr. CASS Certainly.
j Mr. CLAY. My honorable friend from Mich-
; igan misappiehends me. I am apprised of the fact
j which he mentions, that the or'ginal compact by
| which all lands held by the Federal Government
j were exempt from taxation, and all lands sold by
| the Federal Government were exempt for five
i years after sale, has been altered so far as to ren-
' der those lands which have been absolutely sold
by the Federal Government,and the title to which
she has parted with, subject to taxation when sold.
But still, I did not predicate my argument upon
the assumption that that portion of the compact
was still existing, but upon this: 1 say that, un-
der the compact between the Federal Government
and all the new States, you cannot tax any lend
occupied by a citizen or a foreigner until he has a
title to thsi land; and in that I am correct.
Mr. CASS 1 do not think thehonorable Sen-
ator is correct, and I will proceed to say what I
was about to say; for I believe I perfectly under-
stand the honorable Senator from Alabama.
Now, sir, there have been two questions connected
with the public land: One is the right of the land
to exemption from taxation while h.eld by the
Government of the United States, and unsold.
That is an open question, i will remind the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama that all the'new
States have not entered into that compact. More
than half those States have not entered into that
compact. The United States, as a mere question
of power, have said, " If you do not pa^s an ir-
revocable ordinance, ceding, or relinquishing any
right to tax the public lands, you shall not come
into this Union." That is the ground upon which
it stands in almost all the States. As 1 said on
another occasion, there are but two States in the
Union with whom a fair compact was made by
the United States on that subject, I mean such a
contract as is made between man and man. Those
two States are Arkansas and Michigan. All the
others have experienced the powerof theGovern-
ment, and their admittance into the Union has-
been made on condition of acceding to this demand
of exemption.
It is very clear that this exemption did not exist
under the Constitution, and that Congress had
no ri^ht to impose it as a condition of admission;
so that, independent of constitutional enactment
of State compacts, we are brought back to the
simple question, whether the land of the United
States, by the Constitution, is exempt from pay-
ing its share of the public expenditure in that
portion of the country where it is situated > I do
not believe it is. It has not been so decided by
the Supreme Court. But { put that matter aside.
Then there comes the other question to which
1 referred, and which, according to our present
land system, no longer exists. At first, the land
was sold upon a credit of five years. The pur-
chaser paid one fourth the purchase money at the
time of sale, and he had the four succeedingyeara
in which to pav the residue, but at the end of the
five years, if the payment was not completed, he
forfeited the land. It seems to have been presup-
posed by Congress, that the States had the right
of taxing this land m the interim; for in every
case they have required the States, by compact,
