1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
however, that as a devoted friend of river and
harbor improvements, I shall go for the reference
of these estimates to the Committee on Commerce
ill pieference to any other committee in the House.
X will be frank with the gentlemen opposed to
these improvements. I always endeavor to be
frank. I think there is nothing gained by being
otherwise. If I were an enemy of harbor and
river improvements, I would by no means allow
these estimates to be referred there. I would ad-
vocate their reference to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. Their enemies ought to show an
undivided front in favor of that committee.
Mr. HtJNT. Does the gentleman mean to
say that 1 am not a friend to internal improve-
ments >
Mr. WENT WORTH. Certainly not. I know
his location, and I have heard his remarks, and I
want him to go with me in referring these esti-
mates where we both can attain our object.
Mr. HTJNT. Well, sir, I wish always to he
distinctly understood in reference to any remarks
by which any imputation or insinuation may be
made in reference to my position, and therefore
I asked the gentleman the question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have made no refer-
ence to the gentleman. I said if! were an enemy
of harbor and river improvements, I would vote
for some other committee than the Committee on
Commerce.
[Mr. SMYTHK, of Texas, (interrupting,)here
announced that his colleague [Hon. Peter II.
Bull] was present, and desired to be sworn in.
Mr. Bell accordingly presented himself, and was
qualified by taking the usual oath of office.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, (resuming.) Informer
times efforts were made to frighten Democrats
from favoring harbor and river improvements, by
charging that they were anti-Democratic, although
General Jackson signed bills appropriating more
money for harbor and river improvements than
all the other Presidents. It was argued that the
Baltimore Convention declared against a general
system of internal improvements. And I so de-
clare, and ever have declared. I am now, and ever
have been, opposed to all improvements that are
not of a national and general character. This was
the doctrine of General Jackson, who signed har-
bor and river bills, and vetoed works for internal
improvement. The candidates for nomination
for President, at the late Baltimore Convention,
of the old Democracy and of the youns: Democ-
racy, at present and then in the other wing of the
Capitol, (Senators Cass and Douglas,] voted for
the last harbor and river bill, large as it was; and
yet neither would desert the Baltimore platform.
Now, the Committee on Roads and Canals is
an internal improvement committee in every
sense of the word. It is a very necessary com-
mittee for Territories, and for the District of Co-
lumbia, but I contend that it has no jurisdiction
within a sovereign State. To refer these esti-
mates to the Committee on Roads and Canals
is to make a strong point against us. It is saying
that they are works of internal improvement,
within sovereign States, and, therefore, are un- i
constitutional and anti-Democratic. I have voted
for every harbor and river bill that has passed
Congress during my term of service here, and
have had some hand in framing all of them, and
I say not one conflicts with the Baltimore plat- j|
form; not one whose works were not of a na- i:
tional, as contrasted with a State character; not p
one that was not of a general, as contrasted with ;
a local nature. i
If you take this subject away from the Com- ;>
mitteeon Commerce—a great national committee— i:
aod give it to a local committee—a committee of j
internal improvements, a committee on roads and j
canals—then, I Pay, the enemies of the system
have made a great and important point against us; j,
and as a friend of a river and harbor bill, I should ji
regret with all my heart that such a thing had
been done.
Now, in relation to the committees, the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] thinks that the
Committee on Roads and Canals is more favor-
able to the river and harbor improvements than
the Committee on Commerce is. On what facts
does he base that opinion? I have before me the
record of the proceedings of the last Congress,
and i find by that, that"the present chairman of
the Committee on Commerce voted for the river
and harbor bill of the last session; whereas the
present chairman of the Committee on Roads and
Canals voted against it.
Mr. PULLER. I desire to say a word in
explanation. The gentleman will find my vote
recorded in favor of the river and harbor bill of
the last session, as reported by the Committee
on Commerce. 1 was not present when the bill
finally passed, but if I had been I should have voted
against it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As amended by the
Senate?
Mr. FULLER. Yes; I should have voted
against it as amended by the Senate.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I only intended to say
that you were in favor of reporting a bill, and
voted for the bill that your committee reported,
whereas the present chairman of the Committee
on Roads and Canals did not vote for the bill; and
yet the gentleman from Ohio wants to send these
estimates to the latter committee.
Mr. GREY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly. These
little interruptions are far from being disagreeable
to me. The sooner we understand one another
the better. We want to know our friends, and
knowing them, f want to advise them in this
matter of common interest.
Mr. GREY. The gentleman must bear in mind
that the river and harbor bill, which the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce voted for last
session, was the bill reported to the House before
it was amended by the Senate. But did the friends
of internal impiovements in the West, and in the
interior, vote for that bill? Did the ft lends of the
improvements of the rivers and harbors of the
Wewt vote for it?
Sir, the river and harbor bill which the gentle-
man from Maine voted for was not the one that
passed last Congress. The West voted against the
bill reported to'this House by the Committee on j
Commerce. It passed, however, and went to the :
Senate, and there appropriations of three or four !
hundred thousand dollars were added to it, for the j
benefit of the West. It came back here, and I
western members agreed to the amendments of the .
Senate,and the bill therefore passed. Butthegen- 1
tleman from Maine voted against it in the only form 1
in which it was acceptable to western interests, j
As the hill passed this House, and before it went i
to the Senate, it was not acceptable to the gentle- I
man from Ohio, nor was it acceptable to the mem- j
bers from the West. It was only made acceptable j
by the adoption of most of the amendments made j
in the Senate. '
Mr. FULLER. I would ask the gentleman ,
from Kentucky how many of the members from 1
that State voted for the bill as it passed with the !
amendments of the Senate? i
Mr. GREY. I think, sir, that but a single ;
member voted for the bill as it was reported from j
the Committee on Commerce. I am ofthe opinion .
that every Whig member from that State voted i
for it as it finally passed Congress. I do not know ■■
what was the case elsewhere. 1
Mr. FULLER. I understood the gentleman's 1
colleague to -ay that hp had voted for the bill; but,
I do not find his name on the record. ^ i
Mr. RWING. I did not vote for the bill which j
first passed this House; but, as my colleague ;
stated, I voted for it as it was amended by the ,
Senate, it then doing something like justice to the 1
I West, for which reason thechaiiman of the Com-'
■ mittee on Commerce &ays that he could not vote
for it. !
Mr. FULLER. I have looked over the record,
and I do not find the gentleman's name recorded.
Mr. RWING. You will find me voting against
1 the motion to lay the bill upon the table, which
■ was the only motion upon which the yeas and
nay** were ordered.
! Mr. FULLER. The bill, as it was returned
■ from the Senate, appropriated $2,100,000, one
; million of which amount was appiopriated for the
! valley of the Mississippi. That, I suppose, was
i the reason why the bill was constitutional in the
1 opinion of the gentlemen from that part of the
' country.
j Mr. WENTWORTH. I am sorry for these
[ local disputes and jealousies. I can have no par-
ucipation in them. Neither my own sentiments,
,j nor those of my constituents, nor my location
j will allow me to be sectional. I am a national
j; man in every sense of the word, a National Dem-
ocrat, and am growing-stronger and stronger m the
faith everyday I live. The commerce of my con-
stituents is that of the whole nation. Whether
there is a harbor made on the Atlantic or the Pa-
cific, on the Gulf of Mexico or the Jakes, it is
equally their harbor. So of the great rivers. Jn
my legislation here J shall not attempt to with-
hold from others their deserts because I cannot
get my own. As to who gets most in these ap-
propriations, it is enough for me to know at this
time that the moat fortunate get too little; and un-
less we act in concert, we shall hereafter get no-
thing.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio, and the gentle-
man from Kentucky, are of the opinion that the
great Mississippi valley is not properly represented
in the Committee on Commerce. I do not see how
it can be better represented than it is there. The
four members on it from that part of the country
are as warmly in favor of these improvements as
the gentleman from Ohio or the gentleman from
Kentucky. In my opinion, six out of the nine of
its members are decidedly in favor of harbor and
river improvements. I nave no hesitation in say-
ing—though I cannot speak as to the f&ctSy but I
say it as my belief, and I would say it of my own
knowledge, too, were it not unparliamentary to do
so—that six out of nine of this committee are as
much in favor of these improvements as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Ewing.] I am
afraid I cannot say the same of four members of
the other committee.
A Yoice. How are the Democrats on the com-
mittee ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. All right. Four of
the seven Democrats, if not five of the seven, and
both of the Whigs, are right.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the only fear with our
friends seems to be, is the great West fairly repre-
sented on the committee. In addition to my former
course, and what I have said to-day, [ will add
that my district extends from the lakes, on one
side, to the Mississippi river on the other. Then
there is the gentleman from New Orleans, who so
ably addressed us this morning, [Mr. Dunbar.]
Then there is the gentleman from the Dunkirk
district, New York, [Mr. Fenton,] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Harlan.] We four
gentlemen would certainly not do the West, our
own homes, injustice, any more than my own
votes here show that I would do the East injustice.
Indeed, come from what quarter he will, I do not
believe there is one man on the Committee on
Commerce hostile to the West. With this view
of the facts, Mr. Speaker,  
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman permit
me to say a few words here?
Mr. WENTWORTH yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I feel, Mr. Speaker, that
I have a deep interest in this system; and the only
purpose that I have had in view, in what I have
said, and in the motion which I submitted—and
which failed—some days ago, was to secure an
early report, and a free and liberal appropriation
for the improvement of the rivers and harbois of
this country. Now, sir, the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,J belonging to thema-
jority in this House, and being, 1 may say, one
of its leaders  
Mr. WENTWORTH. Oh, no, sir! I am
but an humble follower in the ranks of the great
Democratic party, to which I have ever belonged,
in the footsteps of Jefferson and Jackson.
Mr. CAMPBELL. He speaks for that ma-
jority, and pledges us that there is a majority in
the Committee on Commerce who are m favor of
an early report, and of a liberal bill. He takes on
himself that responsibility.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. He takes the responsibility
of speaking for them, and assures the House that
the Democratic members of that committee are in
favor of such a report. Now, sir, if that be true
and I am bound to think that it is true, fori presume
the gentleman [Mr. W^entwortii] speaks by the
book, and by authority—he takes the responsi-
bility of a failure, should a failute of that system
11 follow the bill. Then I say, in view of this fact,
! and as I belong to that almost hopeless minority
i who are, nevertheless, the only true and steadfast
'I friends of the system, I do not feel like takinw the
| responsibility of pressing, under these circum-
! stances, my views any longer upon the House. I
j'am willing to trust once more to the Democratic
