852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
character of the bill, which, as it now stood, did
not prohibit the.peoplefrom legislating as the Con-
stitution permits them to do. It merely said the
people of the Territories may legislate as the Con-
stitution warrants, without the intervention of
Congress, or French, Mexican, or Indian law.
Therefore it was a better bill than the bills for
Utah and New Mexico, passed in 1850, because
they left the Mexican laws in force. It was better
than the Clayton compromise, because that left
the Mexican law in force. The real point was
this: Shall the Territory be left open to everybody,
or shall the Wilmot proviso stand on it?
In 1850, he said, certain persons professed to
be for intervention when they were not for it.
The true friends who sustained Cass no doubt
were willing to carry it out; but there was opposi-
tion in another quarter, who fought under a sort
of mask. Hs then proceeded to show that the
northern Whigs, in 1846, commenced with the
Wilmot proviso, and followed up the anti-slavery
tactics, with a view of beating down Cass and
the Democrats everywhere. If their policy had
been carried out in practice, this Government
would not be in existence at this day. The north-
ern Whigs were then committed to that policy,
but appealed to others—southern men—to keep it
away. General Taylor having died, Mr. Fillmore
succeeded with a more liberal policy, and the ques-
tions then pending were settled. He then spoke
of the change which has since been effected in the
North, more favorable to the South; and made re-
marks, generally, on the subject of slavery, and
against the many mischievous efforts made to
abolish it.
He said, in this connection, the southern sys-
tem is a prosperous one, and there was no reason
for arraying Government against it; the condi-
tion of the negro, morally, socially, and physi-
cally was better than that of the negro race else-
where on the face of the earth, either in Africa or
out of it.
[A full report of this speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. W RIGHT, of Pennsylvania, said that his
district adjoined the one which was the residence
of Mr. David Wilmot, the father of the Wilmot
proviso; and as that gentleman had been engaged
during the present week in agitating this subject
within the limits of his (Mr. Wright's) district,
it became him, therefore, to defend himself.
On Tuesday last a large meeting (or it was so
represented in the public print**) was held in the
city of Carbondale, in Luzerne county, a portion
of his district. Mr. Wilmot made a speech at
that meeting, and the first intimation he (Mr.
Wright) had of it was three petitions, which he
yesterday presented in the House, signed by one
hundred and four leading, prominent citizens of
Carbondale, asking that the Nebraska-Kansas
bill might become a law; so that he thought the
impression made by Mr. Wilmot in the city of
Carbondale did not, perhaps, come up to the ex-
pectations of the enemies of that measure.
Mr. W. then expressed his opposition to the
Clayton amendment in the Senate Nebraska bill,
stating that he could not vote for the bill with that
clause in it. He had, however, the pledge of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Richardson,] that that clause, so far as he was
concerned, should be stricken out. With that
clause out of the bill he was ready to sustain it
by his vote in the House, and before the country.
He was ready to sustain it because it involved a
great, an important, and a mighty question—the
question of State rights, and of popular sover-
eignty, and upon this foundation he was ready
to stand or fall.
He would say in this place that he would rather
be stricken down as an advocate of popular sover-
eignty, than be returned again to the House having
sustained a position in opposi.inn to it. There-
fore, so far as regarded his return to this House,
it was a matter about which he cared nothing.
He cast it from him as a matter of no earthly im-
portance whatever.
Mr W. then proceeded to prove that there never
had been one inch of territory acquired by the
Government but what had met with the severest
opposition; and that there never had been a Ter-
ritory organized or a State admitted that had not
also met with the bitterest opposition. To-mor-
row, if Spain were to give us a deed of cession of
the Island of Cuba, and her Britannic Majesty
were also to give us a deed of cession to the Can-
adas, thereovould be a party in this House which
would vote against accepting the deeds.
He next argued to show that the Missouri com-
promise had remained a -dead letter upon the stat-
ute-books for the last thirty years, and proceeded
to vindicate the Democratic party from the charge
of exciting agitation.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MATTESON next obtained the floor.
Mr. YATES. If the gentleman from New
York will give way, I will move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. MATTESON. I am obliged to go on now.
Mr. MATTESON opposed the measure, and re-
ferred to the resolution of the Legislature of New
York, and those of various public meetings in that
State, against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise; and, as a full and ample justification for his
course on this occasion, he said that both Whigs
and Democrats, without distinction of party, par-
ticipated in those meetings. He read various ex-
tracts in relation to that subject, and opposed the
bill until his hour expired.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
• Pending the delivery of the remarks of Mr.
Matteson, the following interruption took place:
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from New York
give way for one moment to allow me to make an
explanation ?
Mr. MATTESON. With great pleasure.
Mr. ORR. I am glad that the gentleman from
New York has afforded me an opportunity to
make a corrective with reference to a bill which
was introduced and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I see by the papers, that it has
been the subject of very great agitation at the
North, and 1 have seen one or two articles, in
which the bill was discussed at length. I will state
to the gentleman from New York, that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have not yet reported that
bill back, but have instructed me to doso, striking
out altogether that provision which has reference
to slaves. The provision allowing to each Indian
who owns slaves a reservation in proportion to
the number of his slaves, was intended to apply
principally, if not exclusively, to the Creeks,
Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, and Semi-
noles. The committee have determined to strike
out those tribes, inasmuch as it is not proposed to
organize any territorial governments over the
limits occupied by the tribes I have just enumer-
ated. If there are any slaves in Kansas and Ne-
braska owned by Indians, I am not aware of it.
There are slaves owned by Indian tribes in other
territory, to the number of tenor twelve thousand.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman yield for a motion to rise? The hour is
late.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield the floor for that
purpose with great reluctance. [A laugh.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill
" making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1855," and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon ( t four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jipril 5, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of William
Claude Jones.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
settle the account of William Claude Jones against
the United States, for his military services in the
United States Army, and to allow him the differ-
ence between the pay of a private, which he did
receive, and the compensation of a commissary
of subsistence, to which he is entitled, from the
28th of September, 1837, to the 2d of April, 1838.
On the 28th of September, 1837, Jones was
mustered into the service of the United States as
a private, at Jefferson barracks, in Missouri; upon
the same day he was appointed " Commissary
m Morgan's spy battalion of mounted riflemen,"
by Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Morgan, under
authority from the Secretary of War.
An order from Colonel Z. Taylor, written at
Fort Gardner, dated January 28, 1838, directing
him to proceed to Tampa Bay, names the peti-
tioner " Lieutenant Jones."
The records of the office of the Third Auditor
of the Treasury show that Jones was mustered as
a private on the 28th of September, 1837, and that
he was paid as such until April 2, 1838, and that
no person has been paid as commissary or quar-
termaster to the " Morgan Spies."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill supple-
mentary to an act " confirming claims to land in
the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,"
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage. It is a small
matter, which affects but a few citizens, and I
hope it will be passed immediately.
Mr. GEYER. I trust the Senate will agree to
put that bill upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that in case the location and bound-
aries of a tract of land, the claim to which was
•confirmed by the act of July 4, 1836, "con-
firming claims to land in the State of Missouri,
and for other purposes," cannot be ascertained,
the surveyor general' for Illinois and Missouri
shall grant to the claimant a certificate to that
effect, and the claimant shall be permitted to locate
an equal quantity, on any unappropriated public
land of the United States, in the State of Mis-
souri, subject to entry at private sale.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of the
postmasters of Vincennes, Indiana, Shawnee-
town, Illinois, St. Louis, Missouri, Keokuk and
Dubuke, Iowa, and Louisville, Kentucky, pray-
ing an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a report of citizens of Newpoint, Indiana,
praying an appropriation of land to the States of
Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, for the construction of
a railroad from Fort Wayne, Indiana, via Ro-
chester, Lacon, New Boston, and Wapello, to
Council Bluff City, on the Missouri river; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of owners of vessels employed
in the'coasting trade and whale fisheries, residing
at Sag Harbor, New York, praying an appropria-
tion for the erection of a custom-house building
at that place; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of the Mayor and Common
Council of Evansville, Indiana, praying that the
proposed western armory may be located at that
place; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Messrs.
Barnes & Mitchell, S. P. Hoover, and others, citi-
zens of Washington, praying that Pennsylvania
avenue, in that city, may be paved with the Russ
pavement; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a memorial of
the corporate authorities of the town of Wetumpka,
Alabama, praying Congress to prevent the erec-
tion of bridges over the navigable waters of that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
