1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
id provide^ further, In ease ofthe death of both father
and moihtr, htavma an infant child or eluldion under
twt'iin - on^ years of age, the right ami the fee shall inure to
the b-rif lli of *aid inlant child or children, and the execu-
tor, admiiiistiafAr, or guaidmu, may, at any time within
two yuus after"—
After what ? After the five years, and
" Af:c! the death of the surviving parent, and in accord-
ance v\{th tie1 laws ni the State in which «ueh children for
tile tunc h'*in2 have their domicile, sell said land for the ben-
efit or -aid miatrts, but for no other purpose."
I only wish to correct the statement of the Sen-
ator, when he said that if the party died the day
after he had settled, his children would be entitled
to the benefits of this act
Mi. PR A 1'T. Mr. President, the broad prop-
osition I started to illustrate was, that, under the
provisions of the bill, a person may become an
owner of lands without being naturalized, or hav-
ing ever declared his intention to become natural-
ized, and 1 referred to the proviso in the second
section for the purpose of shoeing that I was
right. The certificate is not to issue until the
party shall have resided five years upon the land;
he is not entitled to his patent*, but after 44 the ex-
piration of such time, the person making such
entry, or if he he dead,"—if he be dead, therefore
at the expiration of the time—
Mr. WALKER. After.
Mr. PRATT. Well, after—then the children
are to lie entitled. Let me put a case. Suppose A,
B, find C—A, a foreigner, B and 0 his ehildien
under the age of twenty one—were, under the bill,
to proceed and take possession of a portion of the
public, lands; suppose A to live for a twelve-
month, and then die,and his children continue to
occupy the land (or the residue of the five years;
they would be entitled, 1 contend, according to
my convictions of the true construction ot the
second section, in fee, to the laud upon which
their father hod originally entered.
In reference to the naturalization laws of the
United States, I was perfectly aware that under
them none but white persons can become citizens
ofthe United States, but rh's section does not re-
quite them to. become citizens before they are to
occupy the land. They are only to make some
affidavit that it is fheii desire, their object, their
intention, to become citizens. That declaration
entitles them to take possesion of the land, and
having possession of it, under thts bill, their chil-
dren, in the event of their death, at the expiration
of five years would beer.titled to the hind in fee,
without ever applying to become citizens. You
wiH see that the second section does not require
that the child, although a foreigner himself,
although born abroad,* hall become naturalized;
but upon the death ot the parent, the child, if
under I went y-one y enrs ol age, is, per se, without
naturah/.ati, n, entitled in fee to the land. If he
be bhv k or white, there is no necessity for natu-
ralization. 11 is, per se, because he is the child of
the party who occupied it, that he becomes, under
this hill, en'itlfd in fte to the land taken posses-
sion of by the ancestor.
1 cannot accord eithet, Mr. President, with the
dot trine of my friend ft<>m Michigan, fMr. Cass,]
when he says he can see no difference between
foreigner and Americans, and that being an
ArnnniU' citizen does not makeaman purer, does
not change his heart, his mind, or his morality.
Tie can ncc no diiftieoce between American citi-
zen:-- and f<ne;gn citizens. Now, sir, we are living,
I sdrait, m a new era We are living in days of
pro^nebur I re<ri et that fhe day haw ever come
when, in the St-nnte of the United States, and by
a Senator as respectable as my honorable friend
who has rnnde the asseveration, it should be de-
clared, seemingly wuii the approbation of many
of those who heard him, that hecuuki see no dis-
tinction between an American citizen and a foi-
eigner, upon a question or* disposing of property
exclusively belonyin^ to AmeitcMu citizens
Sir, this is an electioneer n:<c topic. The, speeches
h*re are made not for o.;r consideration, not to
iu<ve vre.ght with us, but for home consumption.
1 can re."lily see that m those States where for-
ci^nera are allowed to vote and exeicise the privi-
lege of American citizens, their representatives
here mav feel bound to protect then; and their
own pohci' fcXi-ste-'iee may rcqu're that protec
tn>ri; hut I r.ovtr nil assent to the doctrine that
iheie is no ii'-nnction be-ween an American citi-
zen and a f irei^nei, m giving to one or the other
a right to ov/n the soil of this Union. I am not
talking about naturabzed or native citizens; but I
am talking about citizens of the United States,
recognized by the Consutuii-m of the country as
citizens. Is there no difference between a citizen of
the country, owning the sod of the country which
he is bound to defend, and a foreigner who owes
allegiance to another Power, and who, in the
event of a war between the Government whose
land he owns and the foreign Government to which
he owes allegiance, is b una by his oath to take
part against the former? I have no intention or
desire to make any speech upon this subject; but
I submit, as a matter which occuis to my mind at
the moment, with the impression ihat it is right,
but without that consideration or reflection which
would enable me to speak on it, whether the for-
eigner to whom you ate about to £>;ive these lands
can commit treason against the United States?
What I understand to be treason is when the citi-
zen of a Government, owing that Government
allegiance, makes war upon it. If the citizen of a
foreign Government be temporarily here, and that
Government to which he owes allegiance goes to
war with the United States, he could be pun-
ished for treason abroad if he defended this coun-
try against that foreign Government.
Mr. CASS. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator admits that. It is
enough for the argument then. That Senator is
in favor of giving to the citizens of a foreign Gov-
ernment the public lands of the United States,
when he concedes that the citizens of that Gov-
ernment, in the event of a war between the foreign
Governmentand the United States,would be bound
by their allegiance to the foteign Government to
make war upon our own country.
Mr. CASS. I admit no such thing, [repudiate
it in toto. What I said was, that an Englishman
here temporarily, with a view to return, while he
is here can commit treason against his Govern-
ment. He has a temporary allegiance here; but
if his Government goes to wai, he claim the
privilege of a Hiitish citizen, and he a prisoner of
war on parole; but 1 did not admit that if he be-
comes an American citizen he can commit treason
against England. We have always opposed that;
England wanted it admitted; but under every Ad-
rmnistiation we have opposed it.
Mr. PRATT. This is the proposition which
1 desire to submit: Whether a foreigner who owes
no allegiance to a Government can commit treason
against that Government ? As I stated, it is a
proposition which I have not considered; but it
occurred to me at the moment. 1 doubt very
muc.h whether he could be punished for treason
at all; and, undoubtedly, if the foreign Govern-
ment to which he should owe allegiance were to
make war against the United States, although you ;
give him possession of a whole county in one of
your States, he would not be bound to defend that ;
land, but would be bound by his allegiance to the
other Government ro give it up to the foreign J
potentate to whom his allegiance was due. j
Mr. President, I did not inland to say as much |
as ! have already said upon this subject. I am j
thoroughly convinced, whatever may be consid- ;
ered the policy of this Government in leference ,
to the disposition of the public lands, it is un- I
doubtedly impolitic (and i say further to my
friends from those States where foreigners are now
allowed to vote befoie they ate naturalized, the
time is coming; fast when the imp 'esdton will per-
vade every section of this Union that it is impol-
itic, and that it will become unpopular) to give
the right, the sacred right, of making the hiws of
this country to those who do not owe allegiance
to it.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow, in order
that we m iv have an Executive session.
Mr. WALKER. 1 hope that will not be done.
It is too late to go into Executive session; and I
desire to submit a few ivrmiks on tins subject.
Mr. MASON. The Senator may rely upon it,
that this de'nate is not .^oing to stop so suddenly.
I shall certainly take part in if. [t is now half
oast three o'clock; hue I do not want to detain the
Senate lorg m Exesutive session.
Mr. WALKER, i move that the Senate ad-
jo urn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—ayes
16, noes 25.
The motion to postpone was agieed to—ayes
£3,noes 25.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BADGER moved to reconsider 'he votehy
which the Senate, yesterday, passed the bill au-
!| thonzing the construction of a subterranean line
of telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri rivers
to the Pacific ocean; and the motion was entered
, on the Journal for future consideration.
|| EXECUTIVE SESSION.
'! On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
[ and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
i reopened, and
! The Senate adjourned.
j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.,
! Thursday, July 13, 1854.
| The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
: by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Ruffin
and Wheeler members of the select committee,
under the resolution of the House of Saturday
last, in place of Messrs. Clingman and Cutting.
}| The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
• j sage fiom the President of the United States, in-
| j closing a communication from the Secretary of the
:! Navy respecting the observations of Lieutenant
ji James M. Gillies, of the United States Navy;
ji which, with the accompanying document, waa
t' laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
|| CHARGES AGAINST JUDGE GRIER.
j Mr. ICIDWELL. 1 hold in my hand a very
i'important memorial which [ ask the unanimous
!<' consent of the House to allow me to present, for
!; the purpose of reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
i, Mr. HAVEN. I should like to know the
!! olqect of the memorial.
'! The memorial was then read by its title, as
- follows:
j! Memorial of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
!i Company uskingforan investigation of the charges
preferred against the Hon. It. C. Giier, one of
j! the Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
j States.
j Mr. HOWE. If left to the impulses of my
ji own feelings and judgment, I should certainly
I object to the reception of the memorial; but so
fully satisfied am I that the distinguished jurist to
■ ; whom it relates would dissuade me fiom that
course, could he be consulted, I shall interpose no
objection,
i The memorial was then received, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
W ASHING roN MOi\UM ENT.
Mr. MAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Mouse to present a memorial, to which 1 am
I sure no one will object; and I ask that it may be
read, in order to its reference. It is a memorial
' from the Managers of the Washington National
' Monument Society.
The memorial was then read by the Clerk, as
j follows:
Washington National Monument Office, )
June ^9, lc<:>4. \
i To the Senate ami Howe of Representatives of ihe United
States oj jhnerica in Congress assembled:
I The rnemonal of the Board ot Managua "f the Wasli-
1 ington National Monument Society respectfully shows:
That m the year IS33 an association of individuals wa-3
formed m tin-* citv, for the purpose ot raising funds, by ap-
■ p^iils to the patriotism ot the people, for the ejection ot a
1 monument in tli^ national metrojtohs, to the memory of the
: Fatliei ot his Country; that your memorialists ami their
predecessors, ejected managers of the association, have
"ratmtonsly eiveri their services, at great personal s-aci nice,
1 10 the piomotion of it< object^ ; that they have been en-
abled to raise the proposed monument to the height of one
hundred and fifty six feet; that three hundred and thirty-
four feet remain yet to be erected ; that ihe hauls of the
association are entirely exhausted, arid all recent cfFortson
,' the part of your memorialists to obtain fund< foi complet-
ing the work Irave proved abortive ; and that your iuphio-
nah-U are unable to device any plan more likHy to suc-
ceed. Under these circnm-tances, they tee! it to be their
dmv to hn.'g to the nonce o) the ilcprei-eiHauves of the
Stales and people of the Union ?be.-.c facts, ji) older that
such action rn.iy be had on thera as to th« assembled wis-
dom and patriotism oi the nation mavseerri meet.
ARCHIBALD HEXDEKSON.
! Ut, I've PrenJcnt.
i EL I HA WHITTLi^r,
General Jigent.
John* Carroll Bur\t, Secretary.
, Mr. MAY. The Hoose will see that that
; memorial is its own advocate, and I have not one
I; word to add to it.
