1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of William Emmons, senior, praying an
extension of a patent granted to his son Uri Em-
mons, for a planing machine, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the reliefof the heirs of
the late Uii Emmons; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Michael
Nourse, praying compensation for the several pe-
riods during which he performed the duties of the
office of Register of the Treasury, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That William Barclay have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide compensation to such
persons as may be designated by the Secretary
of the Treasury to keep and receive the pubfic
money, under the fifteenth section of the act of 6th
August, 1846, for the additional services required
under that act," approved March 2, 1853.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in the State
of Missouri, by the grant of a portion of the pub-
lic lands; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill to authorize the recovery of the assets of a
bankrupt where the same have been concealed or
not specified in the schedule by him; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 5, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the consideration of the bill reported
yesterday by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett,] from the Committee on Public Lands,
ft granting lands equally to the several States to
aid in the construction of railroads and for the
support of schools."
Mr. EASTMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, in relation to the homestead bill,
and praying a grant of the public lands to aid in
the construction of railroads.
Ordered, That said memorial lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have several
communications here from the Treasury Depart-
ment, submitting additional estimates, which, in
the absence of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I wish to present and have
referred to that committee, and printed.
There being no objection, the communications
were received, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make some reports from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, as I shall neces-
sarily be absent fronrr-the city for some days, and
my committee will probably be called during that
time.
Mr. BENNETT. I have no objection to the
presentation of those reports; but I desire to say
that the bill which was introduced by me yester-
day has only just come into the House in -printed
form; and, in order that gentlemen may have an
853
opportunity to examine it, I ask that the further
consideration of that bill may be postponed until
Tuesday next, remaining in the position in which
it now stands. I would like the unanimous con-
sent of the House to postpone it to that time.
Mr. COBB. Say Wednesday; for Tuesday
there is a special order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would suggest that it be
postponed for three weeks.
Mr. BENNETT. It is not my desire that
action should be deferred so long.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the proposition of the gentleman from New York
will be agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I have
every disposition to accommodate the gentleman
from New York; but I do not see, if weare to have
speeches upon this question of the public lands,
why we cannot have them just as well now as at
some future day. I will agree not to vote to lay
the bill upon the table, or to prevent full and free
discussion, until the matter is disposed of; but I
am opposed to the proposed postponement,- for I
do not know what may come up.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York has
the right to make the motion to postpone, but it
is within the discretion of a majority of the House
whether they will grant it or not.
Mr? JONES, of Tennessee. Has the gentle-
man from New York the right to postpone, and to
keep this bill before the House as a report front
a committee to occupy the subsequent morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER. He has a right to move to
postpone the consideration of the bill, if a major-
ity of the House see fit to grant it; and it will
come up in the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. Suppose anothercommitteeshould
be called upon to report in the mean time, ar.d be
undisposed of before the time arrives for the con-
sideration of this.
The SPEAKER. This report would take pre-
ced ence.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the Speaker to decide, if the considera-
tion of this bill is postponed now, that it will be
made the special order on the day to which it is
postponed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair says, and so does
the rule, that when a question is under debate, that
no motion shall be received but a motion to
adjourn, to lay upon the table, to call for the pre-
vious question, to postpone to a day certain, to
commit or amend, &c. The motion is now sub-
mitted, that the consideration of this bill be post-
poned until Tuesday next. The decision of the
Chair is, that its consideration will take place in
the morning hour as a report from the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
motion by saying this day two weeks.
Mr. DEAN. Is it in order to move to refer
this bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to recommit the bill. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] demand the previous
question ?
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to postpone the consideration
of the bill until the time indicated?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has not submitted the motion to postpone
the consideration of the bill, but he asks the unan-
imous consent of the House for that purpose. If
it is not given, he proposes to go on with his
speech.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks] states that he is about to
leave the city, and asks the indulgence of the
House to make some reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BISSELL. If I am understood as the
gentleman objecting to the postponement asked
for the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ben-
nett,] I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. As understood by the Chair,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] made
the objection.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask my colleague if he
will not withdraw his objection, as I have no
doubt the House will grant unanimous consent to
the postponement'
Mr. DEAN. I will withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. If no further objection be
made, the order will be entered for a postpone-
ment of the consideration of the bill until Tues-
day next.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. If it is in order,
I would like to offer an amendment to the bill
under consideration.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. If not objected to, the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will be received.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask leave of the House to
have the bill and proposed amendments printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands there
is no objection to that course; and the proposed
amendment will be printed, together with the ori-
ginal bill, if not objected to.
It was so ordered. "
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] desires, if no objection be made,
to make the reports to which he referred.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I want to hear what
the amendment to the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands is. Let it be read. How
can gentlemen know whether to object to it or.
not until it is read ?
Several Members. It is too late.
Mr. COBB. I have been asking all the timefor
information in the matter, and have not been able
to obtain it. I will, therefore, object, if the
amendment is not read now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Alabama is too late in making an
objection at this time.
Mr. GREY. Oh, yes; it is entirely too late
now to object. Besides, th.e House understood the
matter sufficiently to vote upon it.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
resolution and bill; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker:
Resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the expenses of codifying and
revising the revenue laws; and
An act for the benefit of the citizens and occu-
pants of the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hendricks] will now, if there is no
objection, iwake his reports.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether he expects to put
any of the bills which he is about to report on
their passage. If he only desires to report them
for the purpose of referring them, I have no ob-
jection to his doing so. •
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is one bill which,
on the reading of the report, I should like to have
put upon its passage, if the House will permit me.
But if there be any objection to my doing so, of
course I will not insist.
I now present an adverse report to the Senate
bill No. 132, being a bill for the relief of Albert
Hart, increasing his pension.
The bill was read by its title, and laid on the
table.
Mr. HENDRICKS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following bills; which were
read a first and second time by their titles, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Samuel McKnight, of the
State of Kentucky; and
A bill for the relief of William Wallace, of the
State of Illinois.
Mr. HENDRICKS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill fo,r the relief of George M.
Bentley, of the State of Indiana; which was read
a first and second time by its title,
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the bill, which has
just been read by its title, is under my special
charge, and as I cannot be in this House when it
comes up for consideration, I would be gratified
if the House should pass it on the mere reading
of the report. I will not press it upon the House,
if any gentleman should insist upon going on with
the regular order of business. But the report is
short, and the matter very plain, so that I hope
the House will hear it, and pass the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
read the report.
Mr. LETCHER. It is unnecessary, Mr.
Speaker, to read the report now. I hope it will
be ordered to be printed,and that the bill in ques-
