1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
1711
The SPEAKER. What disposition does the
gentleman from Maryland desire to make of the
memorial?
Mr. MAY. Upon conferring with gentlemen
of the House, of experience, they have suggested
to me that it ought to be referred, on account of
its dignity, to a select committee, and the associa-
tions connected with the number thirteen, have
advised that I shall «iovea select committee of
that number to consider the subject.
Mr. COBB. I would suggest thirty-one.
Mr. MAY. The memorial asks no money,
but submits the whole subject to the consideration
of Congress.
The question was then taken on Mr. May's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the memoriaUwas referred to a select com-
mittee of thirteen.
JULIA AIKEN.
Mr. EDMANDS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Julia Aiken;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
''
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL. !,
The SPEAKER. The business first m order J
is the consideration of House bill No. 392, ji
"making appropriations for the repair, preserva- ii
tion, and completion of certain public works heie- !'
tofore commenced under the authority ot law,"||
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the i,
stete of the Union with certain amendments. ji
The first amendment was then reported by the j;
Clerk, as follows: jj
Strike out of the following clause " for continuing the |;
improvement oi the navigation ot the Ohio. inc-lnduig the [j
repair oi the dam at <Juoibcilaud 1-land, <590.000,*> the <j
words <4$90,0U0V" and insert m heu theieof •' $190,000, j;
$100,000 ot'said sum to be expended in the improvement of li
thp said river above the talis. Ami that so soon a* the
Piesident ot the United States i> notified t y tHe board of jl
president and dn ector* of the Louisville and Portland Canal i
Company that all of the capital s-toek of !-aid company is ;
owned hy the United ritates, and that the paid company is !•
free from all debts and liabilities, thou the Pie«ident of the I'
United States be, and he is hetebv, authoii£«'d and !|
directed to appoint the piopei officers to lake pows-ion of ;
said canal on the part ot She United Suites, and to take j
control of the canal and canal ptopeity aioie-.ud. so that
til'' same mav not tall into decay or ohr-truot invura.ion ;
ard the expenses unending the cu^'oilv and management
of said canal and canal propcitv shall be paid out of any !
money iri the Treasuiv not otherwise, .ippiopn.m d, not ;■
exceeding the >11111 or HOo |>.ir annum ; and lioni and ]'
after the I*t d. y of Jauu.uv next, the navjvarion of said !|
cabal shall he free from all toll?. and chaises v\ uatsoever. j,
Upon this amendment the yeas and nays had lj
been ordered. \\
Mr. BRIDGES. I des're to ask the Chair;;
whether, after the House has voted upon the dif- ji
ferent amendments, it would not be in order, and !
competent for the House to vote (separately upon
each item contained in the bill, if the House de- i
sires to do so, under the 151st rule? j
The SPEAKER. Such has been the practice <
of the House under the rule referred to by the j i
gentleman. By that rule it is competent for the (i
House to take a separate vote upon ea^h item of ■■
the inll, in its discretion, provided one fifth of the \\
body demand it. 1'
JVlr. HAVEN". T want to submit to the Chan ;
whether this is not the precise question which I ji
submitted to the Chair, in reference to the assay lj
office purchase, in the city of New York, m the
civil and diplomatic bill a few days since? The h
language of the rule which I referred to-then, the ;i
53d rule, is the same as that of the 151st rule now
referred to. The language of both rules is, any
member may call for, &c., and the Chair then
decided that to call for a division was motion,
and that it was not competent to submit that motion
after the previous question had been ordered. The
Chair will perceive that the language of the two
rules is precisely the fame, and I submit the ques-
tions are substantially parallel, and the call is as
much a motion now as it was then.
The SPEAKER. The Chair he^s pardon of
the gentleman from New York, and hopes he will
hear the rule read, and Ise believes the gentleman
will be very well satisfied that he is mistaken in
regard to the character of the two rules to winch
he refers.
The rule was then read, as follows:
l( Upon the engrossment of any bill making; appropriations
of money tor works' ot internal improvements of any kind
or description, it shall be in the power of any member to
caU for a division of the question, so as to take a separate
vote of the House upon each item of impiovement or ap-
propriation contained in said bill, or upon such items sepa-
rately, and others c dle<-tively, as the memhrrs making the
eat) may -specify; and it one fifth of the im*uib'*rs present
second said call, it shall he the duty of the Speaker to make
such division of the question, and put them to vote accord-
ingly."
Mr. LILLY. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. Does the Chair decide tins to he a
bill for internal improvements r As it is denied
all mound the House, I desire to have the decision
of the Chair upon ihat point.
The SPEAKER. That may come up as a
question of order after the amendments are dis-
posed of.
Mr. COBB. I would like to know if the amend-
ment is not divisible ?
The SPEAKER. Another question is raised
with regard to the amendment. The Chair will
state that this rule in reference to internal improve-
ments has been adopted since he has been a mem-
ber of the House, and, since its adoption, the
recollection of the Chair is, that it has been made
applicable to hills of this description alone. Under
the spirit of the rule, a separate vote may un-
doubtedly be had upon each item in the bill. A
different question, however, now arises. The
bill has been reported from the Committee of the
Whole with amendments, and the ptevious ques-
tion has been orde ed upon its engrossment, and
the Chair is asked whether an amendment which
is reported by the Commiitee of the Whole is
divisible. The Chair thinks that, under the spirit
of the rule, the amendment, containing- as it does
more than one item, may be divided, and a sepa-
rate vote taken upon each item.
Mr. COBB. 1 then call for a division of the
amendment, and ask that the vote may be taken
upon the first portion. I desire to vote for a part
of the amendment, but not for the whole. I in-
sist upon a dn iston.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. -I rise to
another point of order. It may be very true that
upon the engrossment of the bill this amendment
may be divided under the rule alluded to by (he
Clmir, but I insist that the amendment must now
be voted on as a whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that a lit-
eral construction of the rule would favor the view
taken by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WEN TWORTEI. Under that rule I
think a vote may be twice taken upon the.se items,
if asepaiate vote is taken now, it rrmy again be
taken upon the engrossment of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks theobject
of the ride may be accomplished m either way;
hut, as a matter of convenience, he thinks it would
be better to have the division now, which would
preclude the necessity of taking a second vote
upon the amendment.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I can furnish the Chair
with precedents, if he desires it, where the vote
has been taken upon the amendment as a whole
upon its adoption, and divided upon the engross-
ment of the bill. I think that is the course which
has been heretofore pursued, and the course con-
templated by the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt of
the correctness of the judgment of the gentleman
from fllinois. The object of the rule may be ac-
complished m either way. The only question is
as to the practice under it. The Chair does not
think a matter of principle is involved; for the
principle of the rule would be rained cut by either
course. The technical construction of the rule,
however, would be in favor of the course pointed
out by the gentleman—to divide the proposition
upon the engrossment of the bill, and not upon its
adoption as an amendment.
Mr. HAVEN". I have no desire to embarrass
the question, or to undertake to puzzle the Chair
or the House, but, if allowed, I should like to
make this statement: I understood, the other day,
when I asked for a division of the question on the
assay office proposition 
The SPEAKER. The Choir recollects the
whole case, and has no doubt of the correctness of
his decision; but it is not in order now to make
speeches about ir.
Mr HAVEN. I understood that the decision
was based on the ground that, inasmuch as the
previous question was called, it was in the nature
of a motion to divide, and therefoie not in order.
Now", the 53d rule, under which I sought to do
that, u&es the words that "any member may call
for a division," which is precisely equivalent
language to that of the 151st rule. Still, I do' not
regard it as a matter of much consequence now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order. It is not in order to make a
speech on that matter at this time. ^ •
Mr. HAVEN. I have no desire to submit a
speech, or to raise a question of -ordeV.* 1- am
willing to go to voting *tonce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
would be in nccoidance with the rule to make a
division on the engrossment of the bill, if the
amendment be voted in.
Mr.-COBB. Then if all be voted down, I shall
lose the benefit of division. 1 cannot divide now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot have
a division now, according to the decision, of the
Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. Is the vote now on the
enure amendment, or has it been divided?
The SPEAKER. The vote is on the entire
amendment.
The question was taken on the first amend-
ment; and it was decided m the affirmative—yeas
94, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Bennett. Benson, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Clark,
Coiwin, Cox, Crocker, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick,
Disney, Dunbar, Ea-tman, Edgerton, JRMmands, Thomas
I). Ehot, John iM. Elliott, Ellison, English, 10 verhart,
Farley, Fen ton, Flagler, Floience,' Franklin, Giddmgs,
Green, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Uanisori, Haven, Henn,
Hiej.h>i\ IJ ilt. Howe, Hughes, Johnson, J Glancy Jones,
Kerr, Kuhvell, Knox, Kuitz, Latham, Lindslcj, McNair,"
Mace, M'icy, Matte.-on, Middle^warth, John G. Miller,
Moduli, Ntehols, Noble, Noiton,Modecai Oliver, Parker,
i Phmou, Pnngle, Heady, l)a\ id Ritchie. Robbing Rogers,
I Rus-ell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sewaid, Shannon, Gerrit
i Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Itiehard 11. Stanton, Ilestor
, L Steven*, Stiann, John I*. Taylor, Thurston, Trout,
! Upham, Wade, Walloy, Elhhu B. Washburue, Lwrael
i Washburn, Wells, John VVemwoith, Tappan WVntworth,
! VVherh r, flendnuk B. Wright, Yale* ami ZolhcoftVi—94.
j NAYS—Me«rs James C. Allen, Willis AH«n, Barks-
I dde, Barry, Jlelolv r, Boyce, Caskie, Chrisman, Cobb,
j Colquitt, Claire, John G. Davis, Eddy, Goode, Giow,
! Sampson W Hams, Wiley P. Harris. Hastings, Hihbard,
Jill yer, Houston, i;aniel T. Jone« , Roland Jones., KeiU,
Kittiedge, Lao-b, Letcher, Lilly, McQueen, Matinee,
Ma\ all, Moirison, Mm ray, Olds, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillip3,
Powell, Piatt, Putyear, Reese, Howe, Uuffin, Shower,
hkelton. Samuel A. Smith, Wiliuuu Smnli, William ft.
Smith, George W. Smvih, Stratfon, John J. Taylor, Van-
&ant, Walsdi, and Daniel B Wright—.>8.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. PRESTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was adopted, and that that motion be
. laid upon the table.
Mr. C013B. What becomes of my application
for a division !>
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not lose
! any of his rights by the motion.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the first amendment
was adopted was laid upon the table.
Second amendment;
Add to the following paragraph.of the. bill: " Fnr coo"
tinumjz the improvement of the navigation of Tennessee
river, the word*':
Provided, That such part of paid mrn may he expended
below Kelly's ferry, on &«ud aver, a« the Secretary of War
may direct
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Add to the following paragraph: "For continuing the
improvement of the navigation of tiie Aikansas river,
; .v iU OUO," the following pro'vi-o :
Provided, That the joint resolution, entitled " A resolu-
tion explanatory of the. act appropriating money for the
. removal of the rafr in Red river," approved Jamiary^Tth,
' 1853, be, and is hereby, repealed, and the Seertary of the
Uepanmentof War be directed toexpetid the appropriation
; in reference to Red river raft in such way, and lor such
j purposes*, as be may approve, having in view the iniprovo-
, ment ot the navigation ot Red river in and around the ^aid
j raft.
| The Speaker put the question on the amend-
1 ment, and decided that it was adopted.
! Mr. SAGE i wanta division of the House on
i that amendment. Thegentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Joyss,] on whose motion it wus ingrafted on
: the bill, J perceive, voted to lay the bill upon the
'table.and I -hope, under the circumstances,the
! friends of this measure will vote the amendment
i down.
| Mr. GREENWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. SageJ to withdraw his
objection to the amendment. Hud it not been
offered by the gentleman from Louisiana, I myself
