1712
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13.
should have submitted it for the adoption of the
House.
Mr. SAGE. The gentleman from Arkansas is
a friend of the bill, and on his statement 1 with-
draw my demand for a division.
The SPEAKER. The demand for a division
is now (oo late. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] did demand a division in time,
but subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. WHEELER. It was under the impres-
sion that the Chair decided the amendment was
rejected that I withdrew my demand for a division.
So the third amendment was adopted.
Fourth amendment:
Strike the following paragraph from the bill:
t"'or continuing the improvement of the navigation of
Capo F^ai river, at and btflow Wilmington, North Caro-
lina, §;il),000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
In section two, strike out the fir«t, second, third, fourth,
filth, sixth, seventh, and eighth linos, and insert in lieu
therrof the following:
^ec.2. j-Jntl he it further enacted, That the Seerelary of
War, bofore expending any part of the money herein ap-
propriated. shall, in such eases as he may think the public
intermits require it, cause a reexamination and resurvey ot
th'- public works heitby appropriated for ; and he hereby
authorized to modily the piesent plan, if, in his opinion,
tile ptibhc interests' will be materially benefited thereby ;
and the money appropriated hy this act shall be so applied
a* to complete or make the nearest appioxunationto com-
pleting ihf woik, for which each specific appropuation is
made; and it shall be the duty of the said Secretary, at the
earlieM piacticable tune, to report to Congress the result of
any siirh resurvey with the plan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Add following proviso to the end of the bill:
Jin<I provided. That all persons intrusted with the dis-
bursement of the funds nppropthtled tor the woiks named in
this bill, *ha!l be required to  ive bond and ample Mxuriiy
lor the fuithlul application of the same.
Mr. M ATTESON. On that amendment I ask
for the yea.x and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and also, that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The bill being engrossed, was then read a third
time.
Mr. WRNTWORTH. I now move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put, viz: " Shall
the lull pass
Mr. WALSH. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas %*, nays 7G; us
follows:
yKAS-Mc^rs. Hall, Benneit, Benson, IJeuton, Bugif,
Campbell, Carpemet, Carutheis, Chamberlain, ChandleT,
Clniichweti, Clark, Coiwin,Co\, Crocker, Curninmg, Cut-
ting., Thomas Duw-oij, Dick, lh.>ney, Dunbar, East-
man, Hddv, liduerton, Edmand-i, Thomas D. fthot, Wil-
son, l*!ngh*.ti, ftwinu, Farley, Kenton, Flagler, Florence,
(iidding*, ( ieen, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
2Ja\cn, Henn, £J Hill, Howe, Hughes, Jolin-on,Kerr,
Knox, Latham, Lindley, Liudsley, M.teo,Macy, Matteson,
Middle^wartli, John (i. Millet, Morgan, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Mordi.caj Oiivei, l\uker, IVnmnjrton, I'li'Mou,
Prinze, lle«idy, Davd Ritchie, Ro«£f>t s, J^'n^seil, Sahin, ,
Hage, riapp, tfew.ird, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Gei rit |
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Collets?, Fiederick i'. Stanton,
Hector I.. StcvoiiM, John L. Tnvloi, Thmston, Trout, Up- j
ham. Vansant, VVude, \Valley, Eilihu II. Wa-dihurne, Israel |
Washburn, Weils, John VVcntwoith, Tappan YVentworth, j
Wheeler. Yates, and Zolhcorter—96. I
NAYS—Abereronibie, Aiken, James C. Allen, :
Willis Allen, Uarksdale, Harry, belcher, Bocoek, Bovce3 I
S5reckimi<!ge, Uridgc., Caskie. Chris-man, CungiiMn.Cobb, i
Cobjuitt, Craige, John G. Davis, Dovvdell, Edinumhon,
John M, Elliott, Goode, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley ,
1. Hams, Hasting,s, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Daniel T. ;
Jones, J. Claft'-y Junes, Koiand Jones, Keitt, Kulwell, j
Kuuedge, Kuuz. Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Mc-N.ur, Ale- 1
U'.een, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Million, Morri- !
son. Muriaj. O'ds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Bishop '
JVikmi, John P< rkiiis, Phillips, PuvvHl. Pratt, f
fJni>eai, Reese. Roue, HuPin, Skelton, William'Smith, ]
Vviihaui R. Smith, Geoi«e W. Smyth, Richard {]. Stan- j
ton, Stratum, Snaub, John J. Taylor, Vail. VV alsh, W'e-.t '
hi^<_>k, Wme, D.tniel 33. Wright, and ifendrjck JJ, Wrjght \
So the bill was passed, j
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FRANKLIN. I was not in the Hall when
my name was called; but I would like to be per-
mitted to vote in the affirmative.
Objected to.
Mr. B&NKS. I was not in the Hall when my
name was called; but I desire, if the privilege be
allowed me, to vote in favor of the passage of the
bill.
Objected to.
Mr. BLISS. I desire the privilege of the
House to vote on the question. By an accident
of an extraordinary character I was delayed in
getting here in time to record my vote when my
name was called. I now ask the privilege of
doing so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to any member
voting, unless he votes regularly under the rule.
Mr. BLISS. I must say that I would not take
any advantage of a gentleman in such a case.
Mr. CLINOMAN. During my time in this
body I have never known an instance where such
a privilege has been allowed.
Mr. BLISS. Then I want to say that, had 1
been present, I would have recorded my vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. And if I had been
in the Hail when my name was called, I would
have recorded my vote in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also, that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The question beingtm the latter motion,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative, yeas 101, nays 71; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Ball, Banks Bennett, Benson, Ben-
ton, Bliss, Hugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Carutheis, Cham-
bet lam, Chandler, Churchvvell,Claik,Cor\vin, Cox, Crock-
er, Cummin*;, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick,
Disney, Dunbar, Easlman. F.ddj, Kd erton, Kdmaitds,
Thomas D Khot, Ellison, English, Ewuig, Failey, Fenton,
Flat'lei, FJonmee, Franklin, biddings, Gieen, Gieenwood,
Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, lienn,Hunter, Hill, Howe,
Ilu<rhes, Johnson, Ken, Knox, Latham, Lnidley, LnuU'-
ley, Maedouald, Maee, Macy, Matteson, Middleswaith,
John G. Miller,Morgan, Nu-hols, Noble, Norton, Mordeeai
Oliver, Parker, PecUham, Pennington, Preston, Prmglf',
Ready, David Ritchie, Rogers, Itu-sell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Sam-
uel A. Smith, Sollcrs, Frederick P. Stanton, Ilcotor Ij,
Stevens. Andrew Stuart. John L. Taylor,Thurston,Tiout,
Upham, Vansant, Wade, Walley, Elhhu B. Washhurne,
Israel Washburn, Well-, John Wentworth, Tappan Went
woith, Wheeler, Yates, and ZolhooftVr—U)l.
NAYS—Messrs. Aheieroinbie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thorn.is H. Bayly, Bai k-dale, Bat ry,
Belchei, Boeock, Boyce, Breckimid«e, ilndges, Ca-kie,
Chiisman,Clin inan, Cobb, Colquitt, Craijje, Curtis, John
<i. Davis', Dowdell,Edmundsou, Grow, Sanijisou w. Jlar
ris, Wiley p, Harris, Hastings, Jiibbaid, Ihll>er, Ihmsion,
D.uiiol 'J'. Jones, J.GIaney Jone<, Kent, Kulwell, Kit
tredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McNair, Me^ueen,
Maunee, Maxwell, Ma>all, Millson, Morrison, Murray,
Olds, Orr, Parker, John Peikin , Phelps, Powell, Frail.
Reeve, Rowe, Rullm, Shaw, Skelton, William Smith,
W illiam R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard H. Sranton,
iStratton, Straub, John J. Tayloi, Vail, Walsh. VVitte,
Darnel B. Wright, and Henduek B. Wright—71.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON, I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the Rouse do now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
THOMAS CROWN.
Mr. CHANDLER.. Before that question is
put, I desire to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have Senate bill No. 326 withdrawn
from the table, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and was so referred:
An act for the relief of Thomas Crown.
COINAGE.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the bill relating to the coinage
be taken up, and referred to the Committee of !
Ways and Means. It is a bill authorizing the j
coinage of §,150 ffold pieces. !
Mr. ORR. I object. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I ara anxious to go into
committee, m order, if possible, to get through
the Army bill to-day, so as not to interfere with
private bills to-morrow.
SYLVANUS CULVER.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 ask the consent of the
House that the Senate bill, for the relief of Syl-
vauus Culver, reported by the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and ordered to lie on the
table, may be recommitted to the committee as
important information has been communicated to
me in relation to the claim, which may alter the
judgment of the committee.
No objection being made, the bill was accord-
ingly recommitted to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wright, of Pennsylvania, in the
chair.)
ARMY BILL,
The CITAIRM AN. The first bill in order upon
the Calendar, is House bill (No. 95) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the bill I desire to
have considered fiist.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask my friend from Ala-
bama, if there is not some other appropriation bill,
which can be taken up and disposed of to-day,
instead of the Army bill? My caiie-r^rre, [Mr.
Faulkner,] the acting chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, was and is desirous of being
here when this appropriation bill shall be taken
up. He was under the impression that the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bill would con-
sume much longer time than it has. Hence he
is not here to-day, but will be back very soon.
If the post otfice bill or the Indian appropriation
hill can be taken up to day, I hope it will be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. The post office bill would
not consume ten minutes. And as to the Indian
bill, f am not prepared to take that up now.
There is no other biil except this which I can take
up this morning, and I told the gentleman from
Vnginict [Mr, Kaulksek] that at the first moment
I could do so I should insist on taking up this bill,
i Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man alluded to by my friend [Mr. Bocock] is
Mr. Faulkner, who has charge of the matters
which relate to the Army, and I received a letter
from him last night, stating that it was impossible
for him to get here to-day, and that he could not
be here for a day or two. As there is other busi-
ness which can be taken up, I hope the House
v/ill gratify the gentleman so far as to take up
some other bill, and postpone the consideration of
this one. I move that the bill be laid aside for the
present.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, so that it may im-
mediately receive its second reading, and be open
to amendment.
The motion was not agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly read the first time in extenso.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I oifer the following amend-
ment:
In line twenty-thiee strike out" $555,727 70," and insert
m lieu thereof, £t-18ft,339 38," so as to make the clause
read :
For clothing: for the Army, camp and garrison equipage,
and horse equipments, $480,359 38.
The amendment was agreed to.
When the following clause was read:
"For the various expenditures required for the first and
second regiments of dragoons, the companies of light artil-
lery, the regiment of inounted ri flciueri, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, viz: the puichiue of tiavel-
my lorges, blacksmiths,' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
shoes, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinaiy sur-
gpons, purchase ot ru dicm< s for horses and miller, sho«-
insjhoises ot mounted corps, and repairing dragoon and rifle
equipments. $^00,01)0,"
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend th esame, by
inserting after the word " viz" the words " horse
equipments;" and also, by striking out the words
" thousand dollars," and inserting in lieu thereof,
'$75,368 32/'
The amendment was agreed to.
When the following clause was read:
"For the purchase of horses required for the fiist and sec-
ond regiments ot dragoons, the companies oflmhr ai tilleiy,
arid the regiment of mounted riflemen, $150,000,"
Mr. McMULLtN said: I desire to know of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
