856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
tomb the Spartan epitaph: " We lie here in obe-
dience to the commands of our country."
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.1
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, said that there
were two Nebraska bills upon the Calendar, either
of which he was willing to support. The bill,
however, which he should principally discuss,
. was the one of the Senate, which he preferred;
but, laying aside all technicalities in relation to the
difference between the two measures, in effect, in
principle, and in operation upon the Territories,
as a southern man, he was willing to support
either of them—whichever it should be the pleas-
ure of the House to consider and adopt.
Prior to the passage of the compromise of 1850,
we were at sea upon the subject of slavery, with-
out compass or a friendly star to direct our course.
By the passage of those measures, a principle was
established, which, if adhered to, could be rallied
around, in all time to come, by the friends of State
rights and the perpetuity of the Union. That
principle was congressional non-interference in
the domestic affairs of the States and Territories.
It was because of the incorporation of this prin-
ciple of self-government in this bill that he gave
it his cordial support; and he was free to declare,
that he wished to see it recognized and etablished
by the Government, to be referred to in all future
time, when sectional difficulties might arise in
the legislation of the country.
Having referred to the objections urged against
the bill, he contended that it does not propose to
repeal the Missouri compromise of 1821, but that
it does repeal the Missouri restriction of 1820; that
the eighth section of the act of March 6, 18S0,
was no compromise, because it wanted the es-
sential element of mutual concession; that the
Missouri act of 1820 was unconstitutional and void;
nd that, in order to bolster it up, it had been con-
ounded with the Missouri compromise of 1821,
or the purpose of attaching to it the name and in-
fluence of Henry Clay.
He then adverted to the arguments against the
Badger proviso, and declared that the true mean-
ing and the whole effect of this clause was to pro-
hibit the revival of any law which existed in the
Territory prior to 1820, the force and effect of
"which was destroyed by the Missouri restriction.
This proviso could have no effect whatever.
He then replied to portions of the speech ofMr.
Franklin, heretofore delivered, and proceeded to
argue at length that the institution of slavery was
protected by the Constitution of the United States
and the laws of the country.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. NICHOLS said that he would not vole for
this Nebraska bill, nor any other which contains
a proviso to repeal the Missouri compromise, or
which contains the Clayton amendment. He then
proceeded to give historical details connected with
the question, in support of his opposition to the
measure, and continued his remarks until the ex-
piration of the hour to which he was limited m
debate. [See Appendix for speech.]
[A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Assort Diciuns, Esq., its Secre-
tary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed sundry private bills, in which it asked the
concurrence of the House.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman yield
the iloor for a motion that the committee rise
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, at some length
opposed the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and replied to arguments which had been ad-
vanced in support of the Nebraska bill, declaring
that he should never vote to extend the area of
slavery. [See Appendix for speech.]
Mr. PRESTON obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield the floor to enable me to make a mo-
tion for the committee to rise ?
Mr. PRESTON. With pleasure.
Mr. DEAN. Then 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and Mr Hi-
yen having resumed the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, the Chairman reported that the Committee j
of the Whale on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion-was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter past four
o'clock, p. m., adjourned to to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 6, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbdrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill to au-
thorize the selection of sixteenth sections withii
the limits of the twelve miles square reservation in
the State of Alabama; in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
Also, that the Speaker had signed the following
enrolled bill and joint resolution:
An act for the benefit of the citizens and occu-
pants of the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa; and
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the expenses of codifying
and revising the revenue laws.
The President pro tempore then signed the bill
and joint resolution. '
A subsequent message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McKean,
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had
passed a joint resolution, explanatory of the sec-
ond section of a resolution "to establish certain
post routes," approved July 12, 1852.
Also, that the Speaker of the House had signed
an enrolled bill to authoiize the construction ol
six first-class steam frigates, and for other pur-
poses.
The President signed the last-named bill.
MARTIN KOSZTA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uniteu
States, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 14th ultimo, a report of
the Secretary of State, accompanied by copies of
the correspondence between the American Consul
at Smyrna,and the American legation at Constan-
tinople, and also between the said consul and the
United States Government, on the subject of the
seizure of Martin Koszta by the Austrian author-
ities; which on motion by Mr. Mason, was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EVERETT presented resolutions passed
ata meeting of citizens ofDedham, Massachusetts
protesting against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, and the introduction of slavery into ter-
ritory now free; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Gettysburg, Penn-
sylvania, praying that measures may be taken to
secure religious liberty to American citizens re-
siding or traveling in foreign countries; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the proceedings of,
and resolutions passed at, a special meeting of the
Agricultural Society, of New Castle, Delaware,
protesting against the passage of the homestead
bill; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
a motion made by him to print them was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MORTON presented additional documents
in support of the claim of John W. Kelly for in-
demnity for losses sustained by the abrogation of
a contract with the Post Office Department; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of George
B. Clark, praying that a certain amount of Conti-
nental money owned by him may be redeemed oy
the United States; which was referred to theCom-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a resolution passed at
a meeting of the members of the Board of Trade of
Chicago, held March 11, 1854, in favor of a ship
canal upon the American sideaTound the Niagara
Falls; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Michael Nash be with
drawn trom the files ol the Senate, and referred to the Com
mittee on Claims.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to estab-
lish a western arsenal at Memphis, in the State of
Tennessee, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
HARRIET LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, on last private bill
day I asked for the consideration of the bill froni
the House of Representatives "for the relief of
Harriet Leavenworth, widow of the late Brevet
Brigadier General Leavenworth;" but, at the re-
quest of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
I yielded in order that the deficiency bill might be
considered. I ask the consent of the Senate now
to take up the bill to which I refer.
Mr. MASON. If any discussion arises on that
bill I shall be obliged to ask that it lie over.
Mr. FOOT. If any debate arises, I shall con-
sent that it be laid aside. I have only to say that
this is a House bill, and that it has received the
unanimous approval of the Committee on Pen-
sions of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Harriet Leavenworth upon
the pension rolls, and cause her to be paid the sum
of thirty dollars per month, for the term of five
years, commencing February 1, 1853.
Henry Leavenworth forsook a lucrative prac-
tice at the bar, in New York, and entered the
United States Army as captain of the ninth in-
fantry, during the war of 1812. He was pro-
moted major August 15,1813; breveted lieutenant
colonel July 5, 1814, for distinguished and meri-
torious services in the battle of Chippewa;
breveted colonel July 25,1814, for gallant conduct
in the battle of Niagara, in which he was
wounded; retained as major in the second infan-
try, peace establishment of 1815; promoted lieu-
tenant colonel in the fifth infantry, February
10, 1818; breveted brigadier general July 25,
1824, for ten years' service in one grade; pro-
moted colonel m the third infantry, December 16,
1825; and died at Cross Timbers, Southwestern
Territory, July 21, 1834, while commanding the
troops in that quarter. During this long contin-
uance in the Army, he performed numerous and
highly important services to his country—having
established military posts in the Indian country,
and at one time commanded a military expedition
against the Aricara Indians. He stood high in
the estimation of the Secretary of War, for pru-
dence, courage, and civic as well as military attain-
ments. He came to his death from bilious remit-
tent fever, contracted while in the line of his duty
as commander of an expedition against the Paw-
nee Picts, but his death was hastened by anxiety
of mind, and a too arduous desire to advance the
objects of his country intrusted to his command.
Harriet Leavenworth, his widow, is advanced in
age, in infirm health, and has pecuniary claims
pressing upon her, which she is unable to meet.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
authorize the selection of school districts in lieu
of the sixteenth sections within the twelve miles
square reservation, State of Alabama, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The joint resolution explanatory of the second
section of a resolution "to establish certain post
routes," approved July 12, 1852, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MILWAUKIE COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President,
I move that the Senate take up for consideration
the bill " to extend the limits of the collection dis-
trict of Milwaukie, in the State of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes." It has been unani-
mously reported from the Committee on Com-
