146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
era] law. if this joint resolution be passed, we
shall have case after case teeming in here, calling
upon us for the application of the same principles
of " equity and justice."
I repeat, again, f am not opposed to doing jus-
tice to all disbursing officers, but all that I want is
a general law to meet all cases m a like condition;
and,4therefore, I would ask my friend from Iowa to
move the reference of this subject to a committee,
so that they may report a general law extending,
if necessary, the provisions of the act of 1842,
which 1 myself believe to be too restrictive.
Mr. GWIN. T have no objection to make to
the views expressed by the Senator from Georgia
with regard to a general law; but this is a special
case which stands upon its own merits. It was
investigated during the last Congress by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I was instructed by that
committee to report a bill, which passed the Sen-
ate without a dissenting voice, and which was
precisely the same, word for word, as the one
now reported. This subject came up, and was
referred to the committee in an isolated shape, and
I hope the Senator from Georgia will not object to
the passage of this resolution. The accounting
officer of the Treasury has recommenced the pas-
sage of the resolution; he thinks the allowance
should be made, and 1 hope the Senator will not
bring the principle in favor of a genera! law, to
which we do not object, to bear against this,
and thereby create a postponement. I hope he
will withdraw his objection, and let the resolution
pass. So far as I am concerned, I am in favor of
a general law, and should approve of one if the
subject should be brought up in the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAWSON. I have made no objection to
this case, I merely wished to make the suggestion
for the consideration of the friends of the measure
and the Committee on Finance, that the committee
should propose some general law upon the subject,
and not leave the matter so entirely to the discre-
tion of the Government officers. 1 have no objec-
tion to the jesolution; but 1 want a general law to
provide for such cases.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The law of 1842, to
which the honorable Senator from Georgia refers,
shows on its face that it is not a general law. It
was one relating to Wisconsin Territory. It was
not a general law, applying to all cases. A very
unwise and ridiculous law was passed, which de-
nied to the Territorial Legislature the pow.er of
crediting and allowing a disbursing officer, who
went in obedience to us resolve, and, at his own
expense, brought this public money five or six
hundred miles to be disbursed for the purpose of
paying the expenses of the Legislature. Such
expenses are excluded by this special law having
reference to Wisconsin Territory; and, under its
stringent provisions, it is impossible for the ac-
counting officer to do justice to Mr. Floyd. No
such case, from Iowa or New Mexico, has ever
occurred. There are none such pending. This
case comes from Wisconsin, and it is a meritorious
and just one.
Mr. DAWSON. My friend from Iowa is mis-
taken. The same difficulty is pending before Mr.
"Whittlesey, with regard to the accounts of offi-
cers in the Territory of New Mexico, a Territory
much more distant. The accounts of those offi-
cers are, many of them, very just and proper,
but they cannot be paid under the existing law.
That is the reason why I wish to have a general
law. I do not wish to oppose the passage of the
joint resolution now before us; but I should be
glad to see a general bill passed to meet such
ases.
Mr. DODGr^, of Iowa. This mny be a special
case; but this is a matter with regard to which
there should not be a general law passed. The
Governor of New Mexico should not have any
such accounts to be settled. Tie does not sfand
in the rehtion of an officer who has any accounts
to settle after receiving his salary. If he has in-
curred any extraordinary expenses by meeting: or
treating with the Indian tribes, so as to make the
case anomalous in its nature, and has asked for
remuneration, the subject will address itself to the
justice of Congress, and we should pass a bill for
his relief. But no Governor of a Territory ever
could or should have any such accounts as those
embraced by the resolution to be settled.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
aa amended.; tks amendment was concurred in;
the resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill reported from the
"Committee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of
Thomas Marston Taylor.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow Mr. Taylor, a purser
in the Navy, in the settlement of his accounts, for
such deficiency as he shall show to exist, by reason
of his making deposits of treasury notes in the
Phccnix Bank at Chailestown, Massachusetts,
subsequent to April, 1842; and, also, to allow him
such reasonable and proper expenses as he has
actually incurred and paid in prosecuting any suit
brought to enforce the supposed priority of the
claims of the United States over other creditors
upon the assets of said bank in the hands of the
trustees.
The Secretary, at the request of Mr. Walker,
commenced the reading of the report of the com-
mittee; but, before concluding, on the motion of
Mr. Brodhead, the further consideration of the
bill was postponed until to-morrow.
DEATH OF HON, H- A. MUHLENBERG.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing the death of the Hon. Henry A. Muh-
lenberg, a member of the House from the State
of Pennsylvania, and its proceedings thereon;
which were read.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The melancholy event,of
which the message from the House of Represent-
atives gives us official notice, is of painful interest
in this Capitol, and especially in Pennsylvania.
To me, personally, it is a great affliction, for the
deceased was my fnend, in the true sense of the
term, tried by time and the hour of need. 1 was
much with him during his protracted and fatal ill-
ness He breathed his last at my residence last
evening, at half past ten o'clock; and I can now
hardly command my feelings and arrange my
thoughts in a manner proper for this occasion.
The name of Muhlenberg is intimately asso-
ciated with the history of Pennsylvania; and I
may add with that of this country and Govern-
ment. Upon the records of the old Continental
Congress, and upon nearly every page of the his-
tory of our revolutionary struggle, it can be found.
For more than one hundred years the family has
been conspicuous in everything calculated to ad-
vance the cause of religion, of letters, and of good
government.
The great-grandfather of the deceased, an em-
inent scholar and divine, settled, at an early day,
in Pennsylvania, then an almost unbroken wilder-
ness, and well earned the name of the Father of
the Lutheran Church in America. His three sons,
one the grandfather of the deceased, were educated
for the same profession; but the difficulties with
our mother country came on; their country's
agony called them from the temple and the altar to
the council-board and the camp; they wielded their
pens and their swords in their country's cause,
and became the associates of Washington, Frank-
lin, Jefferson, Wayne, and Greene, and rendered
good service over almost every part of the wide
field of the revolutionary contest. The battle-
fields of Brantfywine, Germantown, Stony Point,
and the siege of Yorkrown, attest their heroism.
The father of the deceased, although he lived
in more peaceful times, was scarcely less distin-
guished. During the whole of General Jackson's
presidential term he was a Representative in Con-
gress. He was a statesman without the arts of the
demagogue; wise m council, and resolute m action.
Such a man coukl not fail to attract the attention
of President Jackson, and, entertaining the same
political views, they were, consequently, personal
and political friends. He was, subsequently, our
Minister at the Court of Austria; and, on his re-
turn, was nominated as the Democratic candidate
for Governor of Pennsylvania, his native State.
His friends responded to his nomination in a way
that demonstrated their confidence in their chosen
chief, but he was stricken down with the banner
in his hands, and died but a short time before the
election.
His son, Hesry A. mnilf.yjierc, my de-
ceased friend, not depending upon the fame nnd
fortune left him by his ancestors, as is too often
the case in this country, thought it his duty to
make himself useful in his day and generation,
and lay in a large stock of reputation on his own
account. He possessed the qualities of head and
heart to enable him to do it. He was honest and
industrious, sagacious and patient. Although a
man of self-reliance and iron will, (essential in-
gredients in the composition of a leading mind,)
his pretensions never exceeded his real merits.
He was the most fearless person I ever knew in
the discharge of duty. He never sought security
from censure by prudent silence or time-serving
neutrality. And great as were the qualities of his
mind, they were fully equaled, if not eclipsed, by
those of his heart. Thousands throughout the
country, and some of the members of this body,
who have shared his hospitality, will attest the
truth of this remark. On my way to this place I
was <x guest for days, with my family, in his hos-
pitable mansion.
Although but about thirty years of age, he had
made himself a man of mark. He was an accu-
rate and well-read lawyer; an energetic and
thorough man of business, connecting himself
with every enterprise calculated to advance the
prosperity, or give employment to the labor of his
native place. He had distinguished himself as a
member of our State Senate, in which he served
for three years, and was then elected a member of
the present Congress, by the same "old Berks"
district, so long represented by his father; and
came here, at the opening of the present session, to
enter upon the discharge of his duties in this great
arena of national concern. But, alas! howhttledo
we know that which we are! how less what we
may be I
He appeared in the House of Representatives
but one da}', the day on which it was organized.
Before he had fairly entered upon the discharge of
the high and responsible duties assigned him by a
confiding constituency, with the path of glory
bright before him; in the noonday of life; we are
summoned to mourn his loss. But a few weeks ago
his neighbors and friends at Reading, his place of
residence, gazed with admiration upon the erect
and manly form of their favorite, to-morrow they
will see thrtt form stretched upon its lowly bier,
brought back to them for interment with his fathers
by a committee of the House of Representatives.
He has, however, left behind him his character,
the influence of his exam pie, and, in his unexpected
death, the admonition that public honors, and ex-
alted station, can add no strength to the tenure by
which life is held.
During his illness (typhoid fever) he had the
consoling presence of the partner of his bosom,
and a devoted sister, whose attentions to him,dav
after day, and week after week, were as assidu-
ous as it was possible for the most devoted affec-
| tion of the living to bestow upon the most beloved
of the dying. The warmest and tenderest ties
have been severed by his death. He has left a
widow and an orphan boy to mourn his un-
timely death. May that fs Being who tempers the
wind to the shorn lamb" protect them against the
" wintry blasts" of a cold and heartless world.
Mr. President, I have in my hand resolutions
which I intend to submit for the adoption of the
Senate, that we may unite with the House in pay-
ing some tribute of respect to the memory of the
deceased. The last one provides for an adjourn-
ment. It is usual to " strike our colors " at each
repeated triumph of the " fell destroyer."
f offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has heard the announcement
of the death of lion. Hf.nry A. a member
of tho floij^e of Repiesentanves from The State of Pennsyl-
vania, Willi feelings of rt«pj>sensibility.
Resolved, That, in testimony ot respect for hw memory,
(lie iri-embets ,ui«? officers of the Senate wilt wear crape on
the !<>it arm for the ^pace of thirty day?.
Resolved, That, as a furiher testimonial of respect fo?
the memory of the deceased, the fc?en<itu will now adjoin n,
The resolutions were unanimously adopted .
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 1854.
The House met at the usual hour. Prayer by
Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Fiidav was read and approved.
DEATH OF HON. H. A. MUHLENBERG.
Mr. DtlUM ro^e, and said:
With a heart profoundly afflicted with the sad
