1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
event which lias just befallen, I rise to occupy for
a few moments the attention of this* House. The j
melancholy duty has been imposed upon me to j
announce to you the death of Hon. Henry A.
MniLEN-BERG, a Representative in Congress from 1
the State of Pennsylvania. He died about half :
past ten o'clock last night, after an iilness of four '
or five weeks.
Death, sir, is the common lot of all mankind. 1
We are taught to expect it from the time our feet
begin to tread the pathway of life until our men-
tal vision expands upon the great mysteries of j
eternity. All that we enjoy—all that we love—all :
that makes this world bnght and beautiful to us, ,
alike pass away under the inexorable touch of ;
decay. And not alone is this stern lesson taught 1
in the material world around us. Upon every hn- j
eament of our moral being is to be seen the never-
ceasing element of change. The fresh feelings of j
the heart with which youth begins to climb the
hill of the future, are chilled before the summit is
half gained; the hopes we so eagerly form in early
life, before middle age become delusions—affec-
tions twine themselves around us, and are rent
away—the heart becomes seared with disappoint-
ment and affliction, until its early sensibilities are
crushed out,and mostmen go to their graves m ad-
vanced age, feeling that they realize the solemn truth
that change and decay are written everywhere.
And yet, sir, notwithstanding this, although we
know and feel it to be the universal law, death is
a most solemn event. Though it surrounds us
everywhere,and is ever present—though it comes
to us upon the wings of the gentlest bieeze, and
lies hidden in the fragrance of the loveliest flower—
though we may familiarize ourselves with all its
shapes, and prepare ourselves to meet its stern de-
mands, yet, sir, it never comes without speaking
to the souls of the living its tones of temble in-
struction. Oh, sir, there is no eloquence like th.it
of death.
Mr. Speaker, the voice that sounds to us the death
of my lamented friend and colleague, speaks no
common warning. A few short days ago, and he
was glowing with joy, and youth,and thevigorof
health; he now lies wrapped in the last cold garment
of mortality, and we stand here around his grave.
Then, there were few on earth whose existence
was radiant with brighter prospects of fame and
happiness. The center of a charmed ciicle that
beamed with intelligence and love, he surrendered
himself to all the allurements of affection, and all
the fascinations of refined intellectual enjoyment.
He was firmly seated in the attachment of a no-
ble constituency, and lie came to Washington
buoyant with the honest hope of faithfully serv-
ing them, and of writing his own name upon the
historical records of his country. He rose fear-
lessly with his eye fixed upon the sun, but alas!
it was only to be extinguished in its blaze. Now,
the urn that holds his sacred dust is all of mortal-
ity that remains. The illusion is past, and the !
hope that animated and sustained him is quenched ij
forever. ;i
Anion** other peculiarities of Air. IYTuiii.ex-
berg's situation m life, was the circumstance that 1
be sprung fiom an ancestry whose names are fa-
miliar words in the history of this country. When
the vast field of benevolent enterprise opened in ■
the New World, and learning and piety came
from the cloistered cells of Europe to reclaim and
fertilize the barren waste of humanity m thfe west-
ern hemisphere, these were they to be found, zeal-
ously an'Lfaithfully laboring to instill into the
hearts of fhe bumble settlers the great truths of
eternal life, and to teach them in what manner to
assert the diymty of immortal manhood to which
God had predefined theni. When the pathway
of the desert—full of peril, and ambuscade, and
death—was to be explored, that the children of
the forest might be brought to know and ac-
knowledge the dominion ot our race, there was
still another of that same great ancestry, faithful
to the high trust ever reposed in his fidelity, and
fearless of dangeis that might appcd the stoutest
heart, toiling steadily forward m the path ot duty
When, again, the hand of oppression pressed
heavily upon the infant colonies, and men ap-
pealed, with stern resolution, to the sword to re-
dress their wrongs, not the last to arr^y himself
m the ranks of patriotism was still one more ot
this illustrious name, who abandoned the sacked
desk to gird his sword upon his thigh—who gath-
ered from his congregation the material for a regi-
ment, and who served throughout the war of the
Revolution wnh a character most eminent lor
fidelity and gallan'ry. One of Mr. AJuhlex-
berg's ancestors was among the fust members of j
Congress from Pennsylvania, and occupied for
many yeais the position of speaker of that body.
His father also occupied a very high position as
a public man m the State of Pennsylvania. He
represented in Congress for a series of terms the
same county but recently represented by my de-
ceased friend. During the administration of Gen-
eral Jackson, he held the situation abroad of Min-
ister to the Court of Austria; and at the period of
his death, he was the nominated candidate of the
Democracy of Pennsylvania for Governor of that
State. Death, su'lden and unlooked-for, snatched
from his grasp the downing honor of a well-spent
life, as it has ]ust now arrested the brilliant caieer
of this, his piomismg son.
But although Mr. Mttiilkvberg^ pathway in
life was surrounded wuh the luster of a distin-
guished ancestry, he yet lived long enough to
prove that in lus own true, noble, and intellectual
character was contained the germ of high dis-
tinction and usefulness. Elected m 1K3U, by the
people of Berks county, Pennsylvania, to the
Senate of that State, he occupied tor thtee years
a scat in that body; and upon the expiration of
his term ot office, was elected by them to the
present Congress. During h portion of histeim
m the Senate i was associated with him, and can
testify to the ability, fearlessness, and truth with
which he served his constituents mid the State.
With acleat and comprehensive intellect, a sound,
cautious, and culuva'ed judgment; a devotion to
business, and a taste for'public all'urs, lit- united
the high quality of fedi lessness m the discharge of
what he believed to be his duty, and the ray of
light that comes fiom yonder sun was not moie
direct than was he m all his intentions and pur-
poses. Though but so short n tnnem the Senate,
he was able, as I have reason to know, to impress
his character indelibly upon the legislation of his
native State.
In the loss of my lamented friend and colleague,
Pennsylvania has suilered what will be to her a
grievous loss. Talent he had, but that may be
easily repaired; but his high honor, his chivalrous
sense of public integrity, and his devotion to the
best interests of the Slate he loved so well, are
qualifies much too rare to he lost without the deep-
est regret. It a (louts me much gratification to be-
lieve that this (hmgttss will regret the loss it has
sustained in his death. To me his sudden and
j untimely decease comes with the most sine,ere,
j heartfelt, and poignant sori.>\v. J^ew, very tew, in
1 all this world, unconnected by ties of blood, stood
in closcr leKmom-hip to him we now d( piore than
foi the last few yeais I .stood. None knew him,
1 believe, so well; and surely, surely none loved
I him better. i>ut weie it within the bounds of pro-
I pnety to ohnude in this place the soiiovv I feel, I
j must yet remember the. e m e others whose griff is
I more sa'-ied than mine. Dear and anxious rela-
tives waited and watched around his bed of death,
• and received his parting sigh. In the innermost
j recesses of their aliectionate hearts was he en-
; shrined. He was their idol and their pnde, and
j the terrible blow thatsliu,lk him from existence
; has cru: hed them too. And she whore comfort
1 and whose joy he was thiough so many houis of
! happiness; that mourner who is without symp stliy
because none can enter into the depths of her woe;
, she whose life but yesterday was one unbroken
j scene of gladness, and to-day is filled with gloom,
i without light, without hope, desolate and dreary;
oh ! may theic be given to her from above the only
i halm that can restore the bowed and wounded
; heart to bear her up and sustain her through ihis
sad ti ial, until tune, the great physician, .-diall have
' alleviated her sorrow s and soothed her bitter woes.
| As for him, Mr. Speaker, our departed fuend
| and brother, who, in the full flush of eaily man-
; hood, has gone befme us, and explored the mys-
1 teries of life, death, and immortality, we dare
i have no regrets for him. With the sea! ot truth
:i and probity upon his brow, Vvith all the enuear-
! ments with" which affection can beguile the descent
i to the grave clusteung around his footsteps, lie
has entered the portals of the glonous life eternal.
" For ium M nor d'-jer-t. <.1 }>uv nwuiii,
For hun no H*<n "1 • h !i:d to tinw ;
While iiiei!;V. doth iu> ) .it;ic inutl"),
Let ]<>v commnu> ifi lite cep ot woe.
Few have, hlce him, to soothe the living hour,
The i-orunvitig {.'roup bewailing he- stii doom ;
Oi leel, with iiKiieiul aiie*.noiT- power,
That ?nt'\\'d with fitnvt'is-- in* pa--.:i,ev to an early tomb.
Dcp.uteri ,<h;u«e ! thouuh tied thy few,
8h<>it the fruition o! each in^h desue,
A- {*oi£oou«5 tturt'iy ol the muniinji dew,
Oi tl><* bniriil einhers of day's tatting lhe,
Yiitue shall cur thv lesion lo mankind;
And death, awhile leinoiselul, hlimt his dart;
To the ei'kl eeiemeiiN ot earth icMgned,
Thy cenotaph shall be a loud and faithful heart."
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Ueio/rcil, That thi< House has hoard with deep emotion
the announcement oi the death of tin* Hon. Henry A.
Mi uu'Mu.ro, a member of this Ilou^e fiom the Slate of
i'eim>yl\ ania.
lievolvctl, That thi< House tendets to the leiaiive^ of ihe
deeea-ed the e.vpiesMon of a* Miitpatln on this afflicting
event; anrl a teMimony ot respect tor the meiuoiv ol the
ih'Cea^'d, 11if tiii'inbef and ofneois of the. Uou^e will go
into mourning l>.\ wealing ciape on theleltann lor Unity
da\ s.
JlcsoheiK That the Clerk of thi^ Hou-*e communicate a
copy ol the foregoing re-olutions to the. widow of the de-
ceased.
licsoh'Ctl, That the Speaker appoint a committee of four
member to accompany the remains of the deceased to his
late i evidence
Kesohrd, That, as* a further mark of respect for the mem-
oiy of the dteeasui, this. House do now arijouin.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, it is, sir, with
feelings of no ordinary emotion that I rise to notice
the melancholy event which has just been an-
nounced. As associated with the deceased in the
lepresentation on this lloor of the people of Penn-
sylvania, and standing to him m the relation of
peisona! and intimate friendship, I feel that I am
hut discharging the last painful duty.
Ili-a'ry A. Mmiucnbicrc, as has been well
remaiked, could boast an ancestry of eminent
distinction. The brother of his grandfather,
Kiedeiick Augustus Muhlenbeig, was the first
Speaker chosen topieside over thellouseof Rep-
ref-cntativcs of the United Slates under the present
Constitution. Joseph lleister, his maternal grand-
father was among the eaily Governors of Penn-
sylvania. Ilis father, Henry A. Muhlenberg,
long a distinguished member of this body, was
afterwards chosen by General Jackson the repre-
sentative of his Government to the court of Vienna;
and after discharging with high credit to his repu-
tation the duties of that responsible position, he
was, shortly after his return to Pennsylvania,
nominated to the highest office known to her con-
stitution.
It will be fresh, sir, in the memory of many
who now hear me, how, with the prospect of
being carried triumphantly to the chief magistracy
of that honored Commonwealth, the father was
stricken down by the hand of the same invisible
enemy which now, on the threshold of a public
career, and in the bright morning of life, has pros-
it ;!tfd the son.
The deceased, sir, was a man of high character,
of inflexible integrity, of polished education and
nminers, nnd with a minu richly stored with solid
and practical infoimation. It was conceded by
ail who knew him that he would have been a most
: invaluable member of this body. True, he had
I represented ins native county—the ancient county
1 (,j j e! kg—in the Senate of Pennsylvania, and had
' shown an ability which promised much for the
! futuie. Although comparatively a stranger in this
i Ijody his death' wdi cast a gloom over every por-
j lion of his native Commonwealth.
• As a husband and a father his happiness was
1 complete, and it is with feelings of sympathy, the
i most heartfelt, that we recur to the images of the
\ devoted wife, and little boy—an only child—
| watching anxiously, arid hopefully, bythe bed of
the stricken suffei er, soothing by their presence
; his dying moments, and rendering the last sad
I tribute of Mfection.
! Sir, u is a solemn tiling to die. When we close
;! our eye^, for the last time, upon the oojects of our
!' affections, and the bright light of the morning-—to
ii feei, to know that when the portals of the tomo close
!! tmou all that pertains to this perishing mortality,
ii tils sniiit lias taken its (light to " that undiscov-
!l eied'country from whose bourn no traveler re-
turns The column which will mark his grave
ii may serve to perpetuate by its inscription the
!■ memory of Ins v(rtues, but the desolation ot his
i| own home nothing can supply.
ii When we contemplate, Mr. Speaker, the do-
il mestic woe, as well as the public loss, which all
j: event so sudden and overwhelms occasions, we
|i cannot but feel, with a painful sense of Us reality,
ii the uncertain tenure of our mortal existence, but
