858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
And why? If it shall be ascertained that any
other party can carry it in a less space of time than
the contracting party, the contracting party is to
be superseded by the said other party, who shall
agree to carry the mail in a shorter space of time;
and the former party is not, under any circum-
stances, to be allowed to claim anything in the
* shape of damages. Here is the provision as it is
contained in the bill:
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if at any time
during the existence of this contract, any other individuals
or company shall establish a more speedy conveyance of
the mails between New Orleans and San Francisco, and
shall give proof to the Postmaster General that said convey-
ance has been in successful operation for three consecutive
months, then and in that case it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to transfer this contract to said individ-
ual or company, whereupon the former company or indi-
vidual shall not be deemed to have any claim for damage,
■or otherwise, against the Government."
Now, sir, the magnitude and importance of this
proposition I hope will secure the earnest atten-
tion of the members of this House. We are told
every day nearly that the mail facilities of the
country are inadequate to the wants of the coun-
try. We are told that the revenue of the Depart-
ment is falling off, and that if this state of things
is continued for any length of time, Congress will
either be forced to place the Department ma posi-
tion where it can defend itself, where it can com-
pete successfully with lines established by private
enterprise, or they will be forced to pay the ex-
penses of maintaining these facilities from the
Treasury of the people, or to abandon the whole
service to the care of private individuals. One of
these consequences will inevitably follow, unless
we can devise some measure, some plan by which
we may impart life, vigor, and a healthful action
to this branch of our national service.
Sir, is it not a matter of the highest importance
that the arteries and veins which convey the life-
blood of the Government from its center to its
circumference should be in a healthful condition?
Is it not of vital importance that we keep a watch-
ful eye upon the healthful condition of the blood
which flows through thft.arteries and veins of the
country, in the way of postal arrangements?
Why, sir, in England, where they have reduced
their rates of postage to a mere nominal sum, the
revenue derived from the service of that depart-
ment is enormous. It is needless to tell me that
the amounts appropriated in this bill are extrava-
gant. The sum proposed to be appropriated is
large; but if you will tuke into consideration the
amount of time which will be saved to the business
community, it will prove a great saving to the
country by adopting this bill. At any rate, it is
worth trying by way of testing the principle. I
admit that it is but an expeiimeut, but it is one
which is worthy of being tested, even at some
expense.
But it requires no expense. I propose to test
the principle at the expense of whoever may be
disposed to make the contract, or accept the prop-
osition. It will require, I admit, some man of
nerve, and with large means. It was remarked
to me this morning that my bill would probably
fail from this consideration; that it was confined
exclusively to the Tehuantepec route. I wish it
distinctly understood that, if the Tehuantepec
route is the shortest, and the mailt* can be carried
over it the quickest, then it is the route which I
favor. In such case that is the route of the bill.
If the Nicaragua is the quickest route, very well.
If any other route is the quickest make a contract
for it. I desire it to be distinctly understood that
the bill provides for no particular route; it only
refers to the shortest route and the quickest time.
What else do I propose by this bill ? Without
putting the Government to any expense, I pro-
pose to offer an inducement for the development
of individual enterprise, and the power of steam.
We have the elements in thecountry; and the im-
portance of rapid communication with our west-
ern frontier, makes it necessary that we should
adopt some measure by which we can derive that
advantage, if it can be done without enormous ex-
penditure of the public money.
I said that this was a mere business transaction.
Looking at it in that point of view, we can readily
conclude the cost and probable profit attending the
execution of the contract. No individual who
will take the bill and makethe calculation, looking
to all the results, both beneficial and adverse, but
what will come to the conclusion that it is at least
worthy of a test, especially when it would not
cost the Government anything.
But I have already detained the House longer
than I intended. The matter is one of consider-
able importance, at least I think so; and I trust
that 1 have been able to convince the House it is
worthy of their consideration.
It may be said that there is nobody in thecoun-
try who is willing to undertake the contract. I
have been informed that such is not the fact; that
it will be readily accepted, and cause competitors
from all sections of the Union, with ample means
and gigantic intellects in their way, ship builders
and ship owners, men of experience and who have
patriotism and fortune enough to embark m the
enterprise. They will test the principle without
asking of the Government a single dollar.
If sufficient attention has already been given to
the bill, it is not strange if I ask that it have an
early passage; but I do not desire to put it on its
passage at once, unless such may be the pleasure
of the House. It has been published in this
morning's Globe, and every gentleman has had
an opportunity to look into it; and the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads have re-
ported favorably on it. If it be not the pleasure of
the House to consider it at once, I shall ask that
its consideration be postponed for ten days.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman has
submitted a motion which cuts off debate; and as
I desire to be heard on the subject, I trust that he
will withdraw it, and yield me the floor.
Mr. CLiURCHWELL. I do not desire a
postponement, if I can get a vote on it now. I
yield the floor to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, ithasbeen a very
common remark throughout thecountry that much
of the gravest and most important business of this
House is transacted without a knowledge on the
part of its members of what is being done; and
the consideration of the bill now before the House,
and in reference to which we have had an able dis-
course from the gentleman who has introduced it,
has been conducted amidst such bustle and noise
as not to command the least attention.
Sir, I deem it one of the most important bills
that has been presented to the country for many
a long day, and I really think the House ought
to give to U some consideration and attention
during the time of its exposition, at least, by
those who have had it under consideration. It is
known to the House that the old practice which
has prevailed in reference to contracts has not been
in conformity with the impatient and progressive
spirit of the age. Persons make contracts nowa-
days, and you can not make improvements on them
with regard to speed without large additions to the
expenditures.
I have the experience of a single contract in my
own district, in which the time under the contract
made at a former letting was twenty-nine hours,
and the necessity for increased expedition upon that
route has actually induced the contractor upon it
to agree to a reduction of the time to twelve hours.
I mention this fact for the purpose of calling the
attention of the House to what is well understood
by every gentleman at all familiar with the sub-
ject, that it is absolutely necessary that a new prin-
ciple should be introduced—the principle to which
j I nave referred, and which is embodied in the bill
of the gentleman who last, addressed us—a bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post. Roads. That principle is m perfect harmony
with the spirit of the age. What is it? Why, it
is to let contracts for mail service, to be paid for
according to its expedition. It is to introduce a
new principle, which has been introduced by indi-
vidual expressmen—that of getting the shortest
time in the transmission of intelligence that human
effort can accomplish.
But we know—it is in the knowledge of every
member of the House—that the proverbial delays
of the mails have excited the indignation to a very
great extent of the people of the country. Every-
body knows that; and it is that fact to which we
are indebted for the repeated diminution of the re-
ceipts from that branch of the public service.
Everybody is familiar with that.
Well now, what does thegentleman propose by
this bill? 1 beg the attention of the House to it.
He proposes to pay a sum progressively higher as
the time is progressively diminished. If the mail
is carried within a certain number of days between
here and San Francisco, so much is to be paid; if
in a certain number of days less, so much increase
of compensation is to be allowed.
Now that furnishes a very good rule to go by,
and I ask the House to look at the question. Why,
when I went to California in 1850, I had a glori-
ous trip—a frolic all the way, 1 may say—not an
obstruction of any description to interrupt the pas-
sage, and what was the consequence? I was
thirty-six days on the passage. But what has been
the effect of rivalry and competition since that
time? Now, the time has been reduced until the
trips average twenty-five days, and sometimes the
voyage is performed in even less time. Here is a
prodigious gain to the country. Just make a cal-
culation of the difference between thirty-six and
twenty-five days in the interest on the money
regularly exported from California to this portion
of the Republic, and see what an enormous sum it
amounts to. The difference of the interest on
$50,000,000 a year between thirty-six days and
twenty-five days constitutes a most important item
in the industrial relatjpns of the country. Every
one can see that. •
Well, we have realized twenty-five days as the
ordinary average time of the trips between this
&nd San Francisco. What is the project proposed
by this bill ? We are now paying for this expe-
dition of the mail service—which seldom comes
within the period of twenty-five days, and is fre-
quently up to thirty days—eight hundred and odd
thousand dollars a year. Yes, the transportation
of the mails between this and San Francisco, at a
speed of twenty-five days, costs this country up-
wards of $800,000.
What is proposed by this bill? Is it proposed
that if it cannot be done in twenty-five days, that it
shall be done for §840,000? If nobody will under-
take to do it for less than twenty-five days, they
can only get $10,000 a year, instead of $840,000.
I wish it distinctly understood that this is $10,000
a year. If you can get it done in twenty-four
days, what does it amount to? Ten thousand
dollars a year. If gentlemen will look in the
Globe, they will find that I am right in the state-
ments 1 make. If no one will undertake to carry
the mails for less than twenty-five days, they get
but §10,000 a year. If no one undertakes to do it
for less than twenty-four days, they still get, ac-
cording to the printed report, $10,000 a year; and
if no one will undertake it for less than twenty-
three days, they get $20,000. I will read the
whole schedule. It proposes:
In 25 days  $10,000 per annum.
In 24 da>s  10,000 "
In 2U days  2(>,00() "
In 2*2 days  30,000
In 21 days  40,000 "
In 20 days  50,000 «
In 19 days    100,000 "
In 18 days  250,000  
In 3 7 days  450,(00 "
In 16 days  850,OnO «
In 15 days 1,000,000 «
In 14 days 1,250,000 "
In 13 days 1,300,000 "
In 12 days 1,400,0(>0 «
In 11 days 1.5110,(100 "
In 10 days 1,000,000 «
We are now paying §850,000 for the mail deliv-
ered to us at even twenty-five and twenty days.
Here is a proposition, however, to deliver it here
in sixteen days for less money. I ask this House
if it is not plainly their duty to adopt the princi-
ples of the bill that effects such an increase of
facilities,and the saving of time and money? You
reduce the time to sixteen and twenty-five days;
thereby not only effect a great saving to the
traveling community in time, but to the commer-
cial and business interests of the country you
will save a very great amount of interest. What
objection can there be to such an arrangement?
I know of one gentleman—I allude to a distin-
guished steamboat man in New York, Mr. Van-
derbilt, who has won for himself by common
courtesy the sobriquet of commodore—who is will-
ing to undertake such a contract; and in steam-
boat matters he never fails, He is willing not only
to undertake such a contract as this, but what is
more, he is perfectly willing, if any man can beat
him, to give up his contract. To start such a line
as would be necessary for the purpose we all have
in view, would require an expenditure of millions.
Commodore Vanderbiltsays that he will surrender
all the advantages which are to be realized from the
