1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
announced at the time that those gentlemen had
paired off on that vote.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I present the
petition of General John A. Sutter, of California,
praying the confirmation of his title to certain
lands held under Mexican grants, and indemnity
for losses sustained by him in consequence of the
forcible occupation of his land and seizure of his
property by emigranta and settlers, under the
plea that it was public land of the United States,
and subject to the right of preemption. As this
memorial containsagreatdeal of valuable inform-
ation connected with the early settlement of the
State of California, I ask that the Senate will be
good enough to order it to be printed. I do not
know any gentleman of that State, or any where
else, who is more entitled to the generosity of this
Government, than the petitioner, and no one who
has made greater sacrifices for the comfort of the
people, and who is more familiar with the early
history of that State. I ask that the memorial
be printed, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
The petition was so referred, and the motion to
print went to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Ludlow, Vermont, praying (he prohibi-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the Territo-
ries of the United States, As the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Chase] has already given notice to
ask leave to introduce a bill to effect those objects,
I ask that it may He on the table.
It. was so ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a document in sup-
port of the claim of Hiram Seat, for a pension
for services as a teamster in the war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Fran-
cis Dainese, praying compensation for services as
acting consul at Constantinople; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented the petition of
John Henshaw and others, merchants in thecitics
of Boston and New York, praying that the salary
of William Winthrop, consul at the island of
Malta, may be established upon a reasonable
basis; which was referred to the Committee 011
Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of John
Ackerman, of Brownsville, New York, praying
compensation for stone furnished in the construc-
tion of the hospital at Madison Barracks, Sack-
ett's harbor, in 1840; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Mary
Felch, widow of Rev. Cheever Felch, D. D.,
chaplain in the United States Navy, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of import-
ers, merchants, and citizens of New Haven, Con-
necticut, asking for an appropriation for a new-
custom-house at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial ofCharles
D. Arfwedson, praying compensation for services
as chargc d'affaires ad interim at the Court of
Stockholm which was reforredto the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, documents relating to the claim of John
D. Diomitari, late United States consul at Athens,
Greeee, for compensation for diplomatic services;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, the petition of Joseph Graham, United
States consul at Buenos Ayres, praying compen-
sation for services as chargc d 'affaires, ad interim,
St that place; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the'petition-of J. B. Holman, praying
extra compensation as secretary of the legation of
the United States at Chili; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the memorial of Ferdinand Coxe, late
secretary of legation of the United States at Bra-
zil, praying compensation for services as charge
d'affaires; which was 'referred to the Committee
011 Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of Henry Savage, praying
compensation for diplomatic services rendered the
United States in Central America; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of John
Thompson, praying compensation for his services
as a seaman in the late war with Great Britain;
which was referred to theCommittee onPensions.
UNITED STATES STATUTES.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the T.ihrary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of contacting with Eli T.
Tappau for tile purchase of ■ copies of bus edition of the
statutes of the United States.
Mr. CHASE also presented a document in
relation to the subject; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act to confirm the claim of William H.
S Henderson and Robert Henderson to five hundred
! acres of land in the Bastrop grant;
An act making further appropriation for the
• improvement of the Cape Fear river, North
| Carolina;
! An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
i brig Amelia by the name of Abby Frances; and
An act for the relief of Juan M. and Jose L.
Luco.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore severally signed
the above-named bills.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from theCommitteeon Pensions,
to whom was recommitted the petition of P. C.
Miles, praying to be allowed an increase of pen-
sion, together with the ad verse report of the above
committee thereon, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a spcond reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Repiesentatives, for the relief of Samuel
McKnight, of the State of Kentucky, reported it
back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referreil a bill from the House of Represent-
atives, for the relief of William Wallace, of Illi-
nois, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Brigadier General John B. Walbach, of the
UnitecfStates Army, praying compensation for
extra services rendered in 1801. and for expenses
and losses incident to said services, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from theCommitteeon Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
William Rich, late secretary of legation at Mex-
ico, praying compensation for acting as charge
d'affaires, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorials of the Hon. Rohert C.
Schenck, late United States Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to the Court of Brazil, and of the Hon. John
S. Pendleton, late United States Charge d 'Aflaires
to the ArgentineConfederation,prayingcompensa-
tion for services lendered, and expenses incurred
by thein on special missions to other Governments
j than those to which they had been originally ac-
! credited, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
: for their relief; which was read, and passed to a
| second reading. The report was ordered to be
! printed.
He also, from the Committee on the District of
j Columbia, to whom was referred a bill to incor-
: porate the Mutual Insurance Company of Wash-
ington, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives, to provide for taking
charge of the Louisville and Portland canal, and
to prevent the same from falling into bad repair,
reported it back with an amendment; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
bill from the House of Representatives, making
provision for the postal service in the State of
California, and in the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, reported it back with amendments;
which were ordered to be printed.
' PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition
and papers of Messrs. Puig, Mir & Co., of New
Orleans, asking the remission of duties exacted
on certain coffee imported into that port in the
Spanish brigs Pepito and Atalayador.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill dona-
ting a portion of the public lands, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point on theOhio and Mississippi railroad,
in the State of Indiana, by the way of the falls of
the Ohio and Evansville, to the Mississippi river,
at or near Cairo; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill for the relief of
Thomas K. Glenn.
Unanimous consent having been obtained, the
bill was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. BADGER. I ask that the bill, together
j with a statement of the Postmaster General on
I the subject, which I send to the Chair, may be
referred tp*the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
1 It was so ordered.
j DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
1 Mr. RUSK submitted the following for consid-
eration; which lies over one day under the rule,
it being objected to:
Ordered, That on and after Monday next the daily hour
! of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.,
I until otherwi&e ouiered.
! RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill,
making appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public works here-
tofore commenced under the authority of law.
The bill was read twice by its title; and, on
motion by Mr. Stuart, referred to the Commit-
on Commerce.
CAIRO, ILLINOIS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referied the Senate bill to
constitute Cairo, in the State of Illinois, a port of
: delivery, have instructed me to report it back
! without amendment, and recommend its passage.
; As there is now railroad iron ready to be delivered,
I as I understand, it is very desirable that the bill
should pass. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
i consider it now. The Senator from Illinois is
very desirous to have it acted upon.
Objection was made to considering the bill
until the other morning business was gone through
with. |
I JAMES C. BATCHEI.DER.
j Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed hy the
I Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred a
j resolution inquiring into the expediency of pro-
! viding a pension for the widow of James C.
: Batchelder, to report a bill for the relief of the
widow of James C. Batchelder, who was killed
! while assisting the United States marshal for the
; district of Massachusetts in executing a law of
: Congress,
I The bill was read a first time.
i The PRESIDENT. The bill will be ordered
to a second reading, if there be no objection,
j Mr. SUMNER. I object to the second read-
I ing.
I The PRESIDENT. The question is then on
I ordering the bill to a second reading.
I It was so ordered.
I Mr. ADAMS. 1 ask that it may be made the
| special order for to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
| Several Senators. Oh, no; it will interfere
! with the homestead bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make
! the motion ?
Mr. ADAMS. I will not.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The committee were
equally divided as to the form of the report which
