860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Wilt the gentleman
allow me a moment for personal explanation ?
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly, I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I am forced to be-
lieve that my friend from Virginia was not in the
House during the early proceedings of the day,
for he certainly has not understood the position I
assumed in debate, or my argument upon the bill.
I agree with my friend in his idea that the Post Office
Department should be a self-sustaining branch of
the Government. I agree with him that we should
increase the mail facilities in his own rural dis-
trict and mine. I desire to see daily mails estab-
lished in those more sparsely settled portions of
the country. I wish to see the Department placed
in a condition in which it may defend itself against
the competition of private enterprise; against ex-
press lines established by private individuals. I
know that our community need additional postal
facilities, and my object is to increase the revenue
of the Department, so as to secure in his southwest-
ern Virginia, and in my own native Tennessee,
daily mails over that mountain country.
A Member. If you receive weekly mails there
you will do well.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Perhaps so; but I
shall not be satisfied with weekly; I want to see
daily mails there; and I could show that the effect
of this bill would, to a certain extent, have an
effect in that direction, for it will be to increase
the revenue of the Department.
Now, sir, inasmuch as this is an importantbill,
requiring further consideration, and inasmuch as
other gentlemen desire to speak upon it, I ask my
honorable friend from Virginia that he will allow
me to make the motion that its further considera-
tion be postponed for three weeks, and not to send
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—where it will never be heard of again,
perhaps for the next one hundred years—to a long
home. I know that my friend cannot be so cruel
to the only .bantling which I have before the body.
[Laughter.] He professes to love me; and if he
does, then he certainly cannot treat my measure
harshly. [Laughter.] He will surely let the poor
bantling live for three weeks. Then, if there be
nothing in it, the bill will die. When it dies, I
shall go with it to the grave, and a tear, if it be
the only one, shall fall on its bier. If the benev-
olence of my friend will allow me, I now submit
the motion that the consideration of the bill be
postponed for three weeks.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is still on the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt that my
distinguished friend from Tennessee believes all
that he has said in regard to the practical view of
this measure.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. A good deal more.
Mr. McMULLIN. Thegentieman saysa good
deal more. I remember perfectly well that the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads in the Thirty-Second
Congress, was equally as sincere as my friend from
Tennessee in the belief that the then reduction of
the postage would not seriously affect the revenues
ofthe Post Office Department. He was mistaken,
and my friend may also be mistaken.
My friend saya that 1 love him. I respect him
as one gentleman does another. I love my friend
well, but I love my country more. [Laughter.]
If the question be one of the paramount import-
ance claimed, why not give it the direction that
all important bills take? Let it go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole -on the state of the Union.
There all the gentlemen who desire to speak on it,
for or against it, will have a fair field and a clear
sky. I propose to give the bill that direction. I
propose to send it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where it will notbe lost.
I shall go with the gentleman to resurrect it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. With the gen-
tleman's permission, 1 would ask the Chair
whether a motion has been made that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion has not been
made.
Mr. WASHBURN.' I would be glad then
if the gentleman from Virginia would make that
motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now yield for the pur-
pose of explanation to my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. When will the morn-
ing hour expire, Mr. Speaker'
The SPEAKER. At ten minutes past one.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. The gentleman has
entirely misunderstood the character of the bill.
In all candor I would inquire of him whether he
has read the bill ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I have*read a portion of it
in the newspaper. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHURCHWELL. A portion of it! I
have but one more proposition to make to my friend
from Virginia. Will he agree to make tne bill a
special order? He professes to love me next to
his country. I imagine I have a high place in his
affections. [Laughter.] Will the gentleman agree
to make the bill a special order?
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot agree to do so.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Then I hope the House
will agree to postpone its consideration for two
weeks. If it be the pleasure of gentlemen, let the
postponement be for three weeks.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to accommo-
date the gentleman from Tennessee, but I have a
duty to perform, from which I cannot swerve.
Gentlemen on various sides desire that I shall
afford the bill a fair and full consideration. The
gentleman from Tennessee desires to know whether
I had read the bill. What time have I had to
read it? It was this morning, for the first time,
published in the Globe, and laid upon our tables.
1 looked over it very hastily, and the remarks of
the honorable gentleman, and of my worthy col-
league from Virginia, induced me to get the floor
for the purpose of submitting a proposition to re-
fer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for full, free, and fair considera-
tion. If there is a majority in favor of the bill, it
can be taken up at any time, and I assure the
friends of the bill that I will aid them to take it up
at the proper time. I therefore move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and on that I call the previous
question.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I cannot.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire simply to
state, that if the bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it will
never be taken up; for,as is usual and customary,
the whole time when we are in committee will
be occupied in discussing Nebraska, or some other
question. I hope, therefore, that the House will
vote down the motion to refer the bill, and post-
pone its consideration for three or four weeks.
The SPEAKER. Is the demand for the pre-
vious question withdrawn?
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not.
The SPEAKER. Then debate is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PHELPS. Before the question is put
upon that motion, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back the deficiency bill.
No objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the deficiency bill with
sundry amendments.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the amend-
ments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill; which was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
A bill to be entitled an act to enable the States
of Missouri, Arkansas, and Mississippi, to apply
a portion of the swamp lands granted to each,
respectively, to aid in the construction of the St.
Louis, Helena, and New Orleans railroads.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
bSfore the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 4th instant, transmitting all
the information in the possession of the Depart-
ment touching the expediency of an appropria-
tion by Congress to defray the expenses already
incurred, and that may hereafter be incurred, in
the prosecution of the persons engaged in the
destruction of the Martha Washington.
Mr. ORR. The document seems to be a very
long one, and I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. That order will be made, no
objection being made.
A communication was then laid before the
House, transmitting a statement of the contingent
expenses of the Department of the Interior from
the 1st of July, 1852, to the 30th June, 1853, as
required by the act of 26th August, 1842; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. WALSH. I call for the regular order of
business.
TheSPEAKER. Several gentlemen are calling
for the question upon the motion submitted by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,]
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole, and it must now be put.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cling-
man's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill No.
48, being a bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, upon which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] is
entitled to the floor.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. PRESTON alluded to the fact that there
are two bills in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, proposing to organize ter-
ritorial governments for Nebraska and Kansas,
and pointed out the main differences between the
two measures. That from the Senate contains
what is known as the Badger amendment and the
Clayton amendment, and both contain a common
provision which declares that the act known a3
the Missouri compromise is rendered inoperative
by the measures of 1850.
These bills, he said, in the course of his remarks,
propose equal rights to the people of the slave-
holding, and equal rights to those of the non-slave-
holding States, to settle in Nebraska and Kansas,
and organize their own government. He was in
favor of this principle. As to the power of Con-
gress to interdict slavery in the Territories, toe
did not think it exists. You can find precedents
in the decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, that Congress possesses plenary power
over the Territories. But if Congress possesses
this power, they ought not to exercise it, because
the settlement of the question of slavery ought
to be delegated to the people who are to inhabit
the Territories.
He conceived that the Badger amendment
neither helps nor hurts in this matter. On the face
of the bill that Senator made a conclusive argu-
ment that it does not alter the terms of the bill as
it was originally introduced in the Senate. As a
southern man, he asked for no reestablishment of
slavery by implication in Nebraska, but simply
the right to go there to meet his northern friend
and brother, and with him establish the founda-
tions of society, with or without slavery.
He gave his reasons why he should vote to
strike out the Clayton amendment; and, towards
the conclusion of his remarks, called on the North
to render to the South the equality which has been
so long denied. The advocates of the bill were
not afraid of discussion; and it was his belief the
bill will pass. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York, said thathe was op-
posed to the Nebraska and Kansas bill which has
come to us from the Senate, because
1st. It limits suffrage to white men.
2d. It limits suffrage to citizens.
3d. It is so drawn as to mislead readers into the
belief that it recognizes the doctrine of non-inter-
vention.
4th. It looks to the existence of slavery in those
Territories, and provides safeguards for it.
5th. It allows that slavery 'may exist in the
States that shall be formed from these Territories.
