1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dividuals. I do not mean that Congress has not
the same power to give to the one as to the other,
but that the policy is widely different. When
"lands are given to the States, they are used for
some purpose of common benefit, as in making
roads, constructing canals, draining swamps, en-
dowing schools, or for some other purpose tn
which there is a general and common interest.
But when they are given to ind ividuals they become
individual property, and the only interest which
the public has or can acquire in the gift is that
which it derives from the power of taxation. If
you give lands to a Slate worth a thousand dollars,
the people of the State are made a thousand dol-
lars better off by the gift; but if you give the
same lands to an individual, the people are only
benefited to the amount of the taxes which the
State may- levy upon them. Therefore I say
there is a wide difference between the policy of
giving lands to the States and giving them to indi-
viduals.
The bill from the House of Representatives
gives, or proposes to give, to every free white
person who is the head of a family, or who has
arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and is a
citizen of the United States, the right to enter,
free of cost, one hundred and sixty acres of land
on any of the public domain subject to private
entry. And this right to take the land free of
cost is followed by a provision—that a patent
shall issue upon the performance of a single con-
dition, and that is, five years actual and contin-
uous residence on the land. ^
Actual residence on the land being a main con-
dition on which a patent shall issue, it is clear that
not one in twenty of all the free white citizens of
the United States can avail themselves of the ben-
efits of this act. Those who own valuable lands
cannot abandon them, and will not sell them to
take the benefits of this act. It is manifest that,
while this hill proposes to give to every one, it in
fact gives to but very few. The bill is, there-
fore, liable to the first objection raised by me, to
wit: that it takes from the whole and gives to a
part.
As if in anticipation of my second objection,
that property acquired without pi ice is parted from
without consideration, the bill undertakes (see
section four) to protect the land against execution
sales after the issuance of the patent therpfor. To
my mind it is clear that Congress cannot so far
arrest the jurisdiction of a State within its own
limits as to exempt from execution sale real prop-
erty, to which a citizen of the State has an indis-
putable title. When the tale passes, the land is, to
instanti, subject to the laws of the State, and the
Federal Government loses its authority over it.
This provision of the bill will, I doubt not, if we
pass it, be declared by the cour'.s inoperative and
void. The lands will thus be exposed to execution
sale, and the force of my second and third objec-
tions will at once be seen. Sharpers and specu-
lators will get possession of it.
When the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pettit]
spoke confidently the other day of passing the
lull without amendment, 1 interposed at once,
protesting that I could never vote for it without
amendments. Among other things, I had my
mind on this section, which, in my judgment,
contains a palpable infiaction of the rights of the
Slates.
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator allow me to
explain for a moment?
. Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. PETTIT. When I made my remarks on
this bill, I started out by saying that to the details
of the bill, I had given no attention, but that its
principles commanded the approbation of my
judgment. Now, let me say further, that up to
yesterday I had never read the bill; and after
having read the bill, I entirely concur with the
Senator as to the section on which he is comment-
ing; and I pointed out this morning to the Senator
from Ohio, who now sits before me, [Mr. Chase,]
the fact that that section would necessarily be void
if enacted, and that, to make the bill harmonious,
it should be stricken out.
Mr. BROWN. I am glad to hear the Senator's
explanation. It seemed to me at the time that his
mind could not have rested on this section. Taking
it for granted that this Government will never un-
dertake to arrest within the limits of a State an
execution emanating from a State court against
the property of a citizen, and that this section will
be striken out, I pass from this branch of the sub-
ject.
I am for protecting the homes of all who be-
come the beneficiaries of this act. If we fail in
this, the grantees of the Government will become
the mere tenants of cunning and crafty shopkeep-
ers and speculators.
Giving homes to the poor is a very idle pro-
ceeding, unless you provide against the alienation
of these homes. Give these lands in the way
proposed, and then leave them to the uncertain
chances of ever-varying fortune, and it will be
found, at the end of six years, that large numbers
of the landless of to-day will be landless again. It
is no reproach to say, that thousands and tens of
thousands of our fellow men have not the skill and
business tact necessary to the management of their
own affairs. We have no right to appoint guard-
ians for such people; "but we have the right, if
we give them homes, to provide against these
homes falling into the hands of crafty speculators.
For myself, I can say with truth, that while 1
shall not consent to give away the public lands to
be used, in any contingency, for the payment of
private debts, 1 am willing and anx-ious that eveiy
family of American citizens shall have a home—a
j home from which they cannot be separated by
i misfortune or debt, by force or fraud, or by any
other agency than their own free will.
If it be the object of the friends of the home-
stead bill to secure homes to the homeless, and to
secure these homes against disturbance of every
kind; to awaken hopes that shall not die; to open
a way to the full, free, unencumbered, and unre-
strained exerciseof the faculties, mental and phys-
ical,of every citizen, then the task is easy. You
have only to adopt the substitute which I have
proposed for this bill.
The great leading feature of that substitute is
this: It allows every citizen of the United States
to settle on the public lands, and to occupy them
for a long series of years, without payment of any
kind. Buthe is only an occupant,not the owner
of the soil. The title remains in the Government
until the settler, of his own free will, and at a very
low price, pays for it, and receive it. The Gov-
ernment does not force the title upon him even as
a gift. But it will take the pay, almost nominal,
and confer the title when the settler is ready to
receive it, and of his readiness to receive within a
period of ten years, he is made the judge. The
Governmentwill not expel him from the land—will
not coerce payment; and for ten years she will
refuse to sell it to any one else. These are the
guaranties. This is giving the man a home indeed.
It is more: it is stretching over him the'parenial and
strong arm of the Government, giving him assur-
ance that he is secure in his possession; that, in
good or in evil fortune, he is safe in the possession
of his home. The Government wili notdisturbhim,
and none other shall. It is needless to say that a
man thus circumstanced may exercise the faculties
which God has given him free of all restraint. If
j..he possess either mental or physical energies, they
' will be left to expand and grow, and work out
| the great purposes of their creation. But if he
is houseless and homeless, poor and in debt,
friendl^Ss and destitute, the strength of Sampson
and the wisdom of Solomon, will hardly save him
from actual want.
I dare not predict the blessings that will flow
from the passage of a bill like this. It will lift up the
lowiy and oppressed. It will unseal the lips of
thousands rendered mute by misfortune. Hus-
bands and fathers, long inured to hardship, and
penury, and toil, will hall its passage as the dawn-
ing of a brighter and a better day. Wives and
mothers will bless its passage, and little children
will lisp its praise.
The substitute embodies all that is good in the
original bill. It secures homes to the homeless.
It does more than the original bill—it protects
these homes against the waste, the improvidence,
the misfortunes, the thriftlessness of their occu-
pants; and all this it does without divesting the
Government title to one shilling's worth of prop-
erty. It allows American citizens to make their
homes where red men now follow the chase,
and wild beasts make their lairs.
The first section of the substitute simply pro-
poses to continue in force the preemption laws as
they now exist, and to extend these laws to all
the Territories of the United States. The second
section removes the present limitation imposed by
these laws, and extends the rights acquired under
them to ten years.' That is to say, (I use .the
very words of the substitute:)
" Persons acquiring the right of preemption, shall retain
the same without distuibance,and without payment of aijy
kind to the United States for a period of ten years, bat'OH
these conditions: First. The preemptor shall notsellj
alienate, or dispose of his or her right for a cottsideratio?) j
and if he or she voluntarily'abaudon one pre&mpjioiV 88*i
claim another, riq right htiatl be acquired by stfeh elaiiri
until the claimant shall first have testified.' under oath,
before the register of the land office, when^he,elaim:is
preferred, that he or she has voluntauly abandoti^l bis. or
her original piecmpnon, and that no consideration,
or payment of any kind, has been received, or is expeoteel,
directly or indirectly, as an inducement for such abandon-
ment i and any person who shall testify falsely in such case
shall be deemed guilty of perjury. Second. Any person
claiming and holding the right of preemption to lands under
this act, may be required by the State, within which^tfie
same hep, to "pay taxes thereon,in the name manner and to
i the ^ame extent as if he or she owned the said land in fee-
i simple; and in case fcuch lands are sold for taxes, the pur-
j chaser shall acquire the right of preemption only. Third.
! Ahscnceof the preomptor and his family for six conseeu-
hive months, ^hall be deemed an abandonment, and the
• land shall, in such case, revert to the United States, and be
subject to the same deposition as other public lands."
The advantages gained by this proposition over
the original bill are these: The bill adopts a new
policy; the substitute continues and enlarges, an
old policy; the bill prescribes the terms on which
the lands maybe entered, and the persons who
shall enter them; the substitute leaves the terms as
they now are, and allows the same persons to'
enter who may do so now. "If the bill is passed,
1 all its provisions will have to undergo construction
i and adjudication; if the substitute is passed, its
| main provision will already have undergone both
1 construction and adjudication. Pass the bill, and
j you may squander art hundred millions of acres
of land and do no good; pass the substitute, and
you give homes to thousands and tens of thou-
sands of your people, without the loss of an acre
of your public domain. Pass the bill, and the
land is gone forever; pass the substitute, and the
title is still in you. It is easy to advance an occu-
pant to a tenancy in fee, but you can never reduce
a tenant in fee to the condition of an occupant.
But let me proceed with the details of the sub-
stitute.
The third section protects the lands and the im-
provements thereon from sale of every kind, with
this single exception, that the inchoate title may
be sold for taxes by the State in which the lands
lie. The section reads:
" Jlrtd be it further e««rferf,That no lands entered uponr
and held under the provisions of this act, or the improve-
ments thereon, shall ever be sold under any judgment of
decree for any debt or other liability or penalty to the Uni
ted States; nor shall any sale of the  ame for debt, other
liability or penalty (other than for taxes) under the author-
ity ot any State, or the courts-thereof, entitle the purchaser
to any right to disturb the possessio -of the preemptor by
purchase from the Government, nor shall it be lawful to
issue a patent for any such land to any such purchaser."
It can hardly he necessary to say that so long
as the title is in the Government, the land Would
not be subject to sale, even though this section were
stricken oiit. But to satisfy the reasonable demands
of the State forits-taxes, itisprovided that the in-
terest of the occupant may be sold for the taxes.
The purchaser, of course, will get the right which
the occupant had before him, and nothing more;
that is, he will get the right to occupy the land,
and enjoy the benefit of the improvements, what-
ever they may be. The improvements will always
be worth more than the taxes, and the presump-
tion is that the occupants will protect them by a
prompt payment of the taxes.
The fourth section is in these words:
« Jlnd be itfurther enacted, Thai ihe preiSinptor may at
any time, nt hisor h«r discretion, cnterlhe lands preempted
by paying therefor to the proper officer of theUnited States
the minimum price of said lands."
It will be seen that I have fixed the price, not
at SI 25, but at the minimum, whatever that may
be. By the last section of the substitute, this min-
imum cannot exceed seventy five cents per acre,
and may, and often will, not exceed twenty-five
cents. But of this more presently.
The substitute makes payment for the lands a
privilege and not a duty. It is suggested that this
is a privilege of which very few will avail them-
selves. There could be no greater mistake... .In
nine cases out of ten the occupant will buy the
land, if for no other reason that he may feel'the
noble independence of a land-owner. And if not.
for this, then for that other reason, that having
bought the land he'may s'ell it if he chobs^.
