1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
tain broadcloths, to be used for making clothing
for the Army, and that they were to be paid from
time to time, as the goods were delivered. The
contract was fulfilled by the company; but, by
reason of the late period at which the appropria-
tion bills for that year were passed, the money
was not ready until some time after the delivery
of the cloths. The claim is for interest on the
principal sum, from the time of the delivery of
the goods, when the money, by the terms of the
contract, became payable, to the time when the
payment was actually made.
Mr. BRIGHT. It appears to me that there
must be something wrong about this bill. This
Government always has money enough in the
Treasury to satisfy all demands of that kind; and
I apprehend that, on looking into the matter, it
will be found that the laches was on the part of
the claimants. I object, therefore, to the consid-
eration of this bill, until I can have an opportunity
of looking into it.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
CAPTAIN PHILIP F. VOpRHEES.
The next bill, which was one for the relief of
Captain Philip P. Voorhees, United States Navy,
was objected to by Mr. Slidell, and passed over.
OTWAY H. "BERRYMAN.
The bill for the relief of Otway H. Berryman,^
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
was objected to by Mr. Stuart, and passed over.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for settling the claim of the legal rep-
resentatives of Richard W. Meade, deceased.
Mr. EVANS. 1 have looked into that case,
and I desire that the bill may be passed over. The
committee have allowed the man more than he is
entitled to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
JOHN S. WILSON.
The bill for the relief of John S. Wilson, re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, was read a second time.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to John S. Wilson the sum of
$800, with interest at the rate of six per cent, per
annum,from the 17th of May, 1822, in full com-
pensation to him for damages sustained by being
evicted of his title, derived by patent from the
United States, to the east half of section twenty-
two and west half of section twenty-three, in
township fifty-two north, of range one east, of
the fifth principal meridian in the State of Mis-
souri, by the decree of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in favor of the devisees of Auguste
Choteau, at the January term in 1835.
Mr. BAYARD. I must move to amend that
bill. I do not wish to discuss it, if the amend-
ment can be adopted. I move to strike out the
words " with interest thereon at the rate of six
per centum per annum from the 17th day of May,
1822."
Mr. BADGER. Then I object to the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. My colleague, who is
not hereto-day, from indisposition, asked me to
request that the bill might be laid over.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
HEZEICIAH JOHNSON.
The bill, from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of Hezekiah Johnson, of the town of
Bridgewater, in the State of Vermont, reported
from the Committee on Pensions, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to cause thename of H. Johnson to be placed upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1853, and to continue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, although this
is objection day, as we call it, I hope there will be
no objection to my making the usual motion that,
when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT JAMES A. DEANY.
The bill, from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of Mary Deany, widow of the late Lieu-
tenant James A. Deany, of the United States Army,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Deany upon the pension
rolls, and cause to be paid to her the sum of fifteen
dollars a month, for ten years, commencing Jan-
uary 1,1853; but in case of her marriage or death,
the pension is to be paid to her two children, or the
survivor of them.
The Committee on Pensions reported an amend-
ment, to add the words " under sixteen years of
age," so that the pension shall cease when the
survivor attains that age.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The amendment was
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read a third time, and passed.
AARON STAFFORD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Aaron Stafford on the
roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay him at the
rate of fifteen dollars a month, from and after the
4th of March, 1848, and to continue during his
natural life, but all sums are to bededucted which
he has received as an invalid pensioner since the
4th of March, 1848, and all acts heretofore passed
for his relief are repealed.
The petitioner held a commission as adjutant
on the 13th day of October, 1812, m the sixteenth
detached regiment of the militia of New York, in
the service of the United States, during the last
war with Great Britain. In that capacity he vol-
unteered on that day, with about two hundred men,
to cross over from Lewiston to Queenstown, and
he was engaged in the storming of Glueenstown
Heights, and m that battle on that day. While
he was so engaged he received four severe and
dangerous wounds—one above the right temple,
from a musket ball; another from a bullet passing
thiough his right thigh; a third from a musket
ball in the left shoulder; and a fourth from a grape
shot, in his left thigh. But, notwithstanding the
first three wounds, he continued fighting, and urg-
ing on his men, until struck in the left thigh with
a grape shot. The wound received by the grape
shot was so severe that it knocked him down the
bank of the Niagara river, about one third of the
way to the water, and he was only saved from
being precipitated into the river by grasping with
his right hand a shrub, and thereby saving his
life; and in the general surrender of all the forces
on that field he was helped'from his perilous posi-
tion, and delivered as a prisoner of war to the
enemy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SILAS CHAMPION.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
provide a pension for Silas Champion, of Genesee
county, in the State of New York, reported from
the Committee on Pensions, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to entitle him, as an invalid pen-
sioner, to eight dollars per month, to commence
from January 1, 1852.
Champion was a resident of the State of Ver-
mont; and on the 7th of September, 1814, he vol-
unteered for the defense of Plattsburg. He was
in the battle of the Saranac on the 11th of that
month as one of the advanced guard , and aided in
driving the enemy back across the river Saranac.
The night after the battle the force, of which he
was a part, were compelled to lie upon the ground
in the open air. without tent or blanket, with their
muskets in their arms, to guard the ford ofthe
river to prevent the enemy from again crossing,
exposed through the whole night to a cold, drench-
ing rain. Up to that time he had been a stout and
healthy man, but upon the morning of the 12th
September, 1814, after the battle and this night of
exposure, he was found laboring under a violent
attack of inflammatory rheumatism and fever, was
carried home by his father, suffered much, and
finally lost entiiely the use of his right leg, and is
totally disqualified from performing manual labor.
He applied to the Commissioner of Pensions for
relief, but it was refused upon the ground that he
had not been regularly mustered into the service
of the United States, which fact it was necessary
for him to show to bring his case within any ex-
isting law upon the subject.
The proof of the case shows, that the thert
Governor of Vermont, being opposed to the warj
refused to call out the militia in defense of the
country, and that the petitioner and his compan-
ions in arms were induced to volunteer from in-
formation received by a dispatch from General
Macomb, then stationed at Plattsburg. This
dispatch brought the intelligence, on the 7th Sep-
tember, 1814, that the enemy, with a force of
about six times the number of the American army
stationed there, were making a descent upon that
place. Upon this emergency the petitioner and
his companions in arms volunteered of their own
accord, and at their own expense, and marched
immediately to the scene of action, where they
rendered efficient service to the country, though
they were not formally and regularly mustered
into the service of the United States; and for that
service they have received no pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. EDWARDS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of William
B. Edwards.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of W. B. Edwards on
the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the 1st of January, 1854,
and continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MARY CARLTON.
The bill for the relief of Mary Carlton, reported
from the Committee on Pensions, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary Carlton on the
list of revolutionary pensioners, at the rate of
twenty-four dollars a year, to commence on the
1st of October, 1838, and to continue during her
natural life.
Moses Carlton, the husband of the petitioner,
was a soldier in the war of the Revolution. The
precise day of his enlistment is not shown; but it
is shown that he marched on the 25th day of June,
1780, from the town of Bradford, Massachusetts,
and was discharged from service <jn the 10th day
of December following, twelve days beinj* allowed
him, in addition, to return home. This period
fails three days short of six months' service; but
the committee think the presumption is very strong
that he enlisted at least three days before he
marched with his detachment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed,
COMMANDER G. I. PENDERGRAST.
The bill for the relief of Commander G. I. Pen-
dergrast, reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the accounting officers ox
the Treasury to ascertain,allow, and pay to
dergrast, the reasonable expenses, not exceeding
$300, incurred by him for necessary medical atten-
tion during his command of the navy-yard at
Memphis, and while no surgeon was on duty at
that station. , ,
The memorialist, commanding the navy-yard
at Memphis, was on several occasions ill, and
compelled to employ medical aid. There was no
surgeon attached to or near the post, and both
himself and his subordinate officer were con-
strained to seek the services of a private physi-
cian; and the expenses thus incurred amounted
to about $300. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a .third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ISAAC COOK AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Cook and others,
was objected to by Mr. Bayard, and passed over.
