1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
158
the gentleman; but not being now in possession of
the door I cannot do so,
Mr. McMULLIN. It occurs to me that we
have had discussion enough on this subject, and
unless thei e is some gentleman present who is not
prepared to vote, and desires further discussion to
enable him to do so, I shall call for the previous
question.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to submit a few re-
marks, mid would ask the gentleman from Virginia
whether or not he insists upon his call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McMULLIN. f do insist upon my caii,
unlessthete is some gentleman present unprepared
to vote at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would appeal to
my colleague to withdraw his call for the previous
question.
[Cues of " No !" <s Hold on to the call for the
pievmus question."]
Mr. SMITH, i am not prepared to vote.
[Laughter ]
Mr. McMULLIN. Many gentlemen around
me ask for the withdrawal of my call for the pre-
vious question; and as the gentleman from Ken-
tucky desires to submit some remarks on the
question under consideration, I do withdraw it.
Mr. PRESTON. If it is agreeable to the
House 
Mr. McMULLIN. I would request my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Proton] to renew the mo-
tion for the previous question.
Several Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. PRRSTON. I have listened with a great
deal of interest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] in his criticism on the Secretary's letter;
and I intended to wait for an appropriate oppor-
tunity to ask him a question, so that I might not
interrupt him while he was pursuing the current
of his thought in the elucidation of the pioposition
under discussion; but he had concluded before 1
could attract his attention to it.
Kor my own part, sir, I see nothing censurable, I:
but, on the contrary, much to be commended in i
the doctrines of domiciliation as laid down by ;|
Secretary Marcy, and feel that the principles of j|
his letter might be decisively indorsed m this !'
House. I believe, sir, the committee, however, ji
have placed the matter on true grounds; and that H
the resolution is not open to the objection of the
gentleman ftom Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,] who
wants it moie definitive; nor to the criticisms
which have been advanced by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney.]
What is the resolution? It is a return of thanks,
in general terms like a Baltimore platform, on
which everybody can stand without doing violence
to their particular views; for the more you multiply
■ lopositions the more will you multiply objections
to the resolution. As it stands now, it is a simple
vote of thanks to Captain lugmham for lus pro- ;j
tection of Martin Koszta. Is this the appropriate j!
body, let me ask the gentleman from Alabama, jj
[Mr. Phillips,] to announce diplomatic doctrines ? i j
Or should we, as a matter of taste, permit the j;
declaration of principles of public law to emanate !'
from the Secietary of State and the Executive |j
Department; and is it not proper to confine our- ]■
selves to returning thanks to the gallant officer tor j,
guarding the rights of one who had been,impliedly, |!
promised the protection of the American Hag !i
abroad? f |'
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to answer the ques- 1
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Pres- i;
ion] addressed to me. I do say, sir, that this j
House, constituting as it does the representation ;
of the American people, is on apt place for the as- 1
sertion of the great American principles on which |
our Government should be conducted.
Mr. PRESTON. The point, sir, is one of;
taste. The gentleman [Mr. Phillips] might de-
sire the whole Marcy letterspread upon the ie<-ord ]
as a preamble to the resolutions of thanks. Con- .
gress might prefix a whole treatise on national law i
as expressive of the views of the House. No j
body doubts the power of the House thus to ex- j
press its opinions; and if there were any pressing j
reason, the House might appropriately go into j
the discussion of public law. But with all due j
deference, I think it is better for us to look on the :
simple fact that Ingraham has done his duty in [
this matter bravely and patriotically; and to thank .
him for what lie has done, without going into an j
examination of the principles of national law in- 1
; volved in the correspondence of the Secretary of
i State and Chevalier Hiilsemann. I think the
ij committee stopped rightly there.
1 would attract the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney]—-and 1 am now prepared to
yield to him, for the purpose of permitting him to
answer, the time which his own regard to the sup-
posed wishes of the House prevented him from
occupying—I ask him whether or not, under the
acts of Congress, prior to 1848, an alien was not
forbidden to leave this country under pain of for-
feiting the pnvileges acquired by residence? So
that it an alien, having resided here for four years,
should touch his foot for one instant upon foreign
soil, would not his inchoate right of citizenship
have been gone?
But m 1848 all that part of the law which re-
quired a continued residence was repealed, and the
Congress of the United States, and the Govern-
ment of the United States,said, by implication, to
every alien, that they might go to foreign lands,
and the time of their absence should not be de-
ducted from the period required by law to acquire
the rights of citizenship, if Congress had ex-
pressly said to Martin Koszta, "you may go abioad
into any neuttal port in the world, and you shall
still be within the protection of the American flag,
and be still acquumg the right of American citi-
zenship, according to your declaration of inten-
tion," would not this Government be faithless to
its promise, would it not be betraying the hope it
had inspired, if its officer had permuted the brig
Hussar to carry lmn back, torn fiom the poit of
Smyrna, to giatify the vengeance of the Govern-
ment of Austria?
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) The gentleman
propounded me a question which I did not fully
uncit'i stand.
Mr. PRESTON. The question which I asked
was, whether the act of Congress of 1848 does
not permit an alien to go abroad, and still acquire
his right of citizenship, and render that absence
lawful?
Mr. DISNEY. Admit the fact, and what does
it prove? it has been the custom of every coun-
try m Europe to adopt natuiahzation laws—in
England and France, as well as the United States.
The piincqtle of naturalization, that is, the adop-
tion of citizens of alien birth, is as old as the ear-
liest ages of the woiid. It is not an invention of
our day. It is no modern thinir. But the trrms
and conditions upon which an individual shall be
admitted into the Government, as a member of tiie
community, are to be regulated by each commu-
nity accoidmg to Us own notions of right and
wrong.
Now, that portion of the laws of the United
States which piesciibe a residence of five years,
or any other term, does not confer the right of
citizenship; but it is made a condition, a compli-
ance wuh which, and other conditions—the more !i
important ( f which is an express abjuration of all
existing allegiance, and an express assumption of j
a new allegiance to the United Slates—creates, for |
the first time, tiie 1 elative relations of which 1 have !■
spoken. Until the conditions have been complied j'
with, this relation of the individual to the Govern- j
ment, the citizen to the luler—the relation of pro- '
tection on the one hand, and allegiance on the j
other—cannot be created and established. The net .
spoken of by the gentleman front Kentucky is ;
simply a modification of one of the conditions by j
which, when complied with, the individual be- !
comes invested with the rights of citizenship, and j
entitled to tiie protection which follows.
Mr. PRESTON. If the Government of the ;
United States permits the alien to go abroad under |1
the authority ot our laws and the piotection of our i ■
flag, it is impossible, in good faith, that we shall .
afterward stultify ourselves by declaring that he ,■
placed himself beyond the pale of safety. If the 1
Government of the Unitpd States had declared ex- '
pvessly that aliens might go abroad into foreign !
ports, the Secretary of State is bound in his cor- '
respondence to support that right, and the Gov- \
ernment is hound to afford him protection. Up to |
the year 1848, as [ stated, the acts of Congress, in j
regaid to naturalization, did not permit the alien !
to leave the United States or- interrupt his resi- j
dence, anil required that he should have resided 1
within their jurisdiction for the continued term of •
five years, without being at any time absent fiom
our territory, before he could demand his final
papers. These were the provisions of the act of
: 1813. In 1S48, Congress repealed that clause in
! the act of 1813, and rendered the absence of the
i alien in foreign and neutral ports lawful.
I Martin Koszta, when lie landed m the city of
| Smyrna, in my opinion, did so under the implied
; authority of the act of Congress, and his absence
j was lawful. If such absence were lawful, the
j United States were in duty bound to protect him.
'j If it were unlawful, the United States were not
j bound to protect him.
| There is one part of the letter of Mr. Marcy
i which is justly subject to criticism. It is in the
! concluding portion of the letter, in which he says
j it is optional with the United States to protect
j Koszta or not. Let me read the passage:
44 The concluMon- at which the President h.ts arrived,
j alter a full examination of ihe. transactions at Smyrna, anrl
i a respectful consideration of the views of the Austrian
j Government thereon, as presented in Mr. Hulsemamr*
I note, arc, that Ko-ztn, when seized and imprisoned, was*
invested with the nationality of the United States, and
they had, therefore, the rnrht, if I key chose to ezercne it, to
extend their protection to him; liiat fiom intenmtion.il
law—the only law wlneh enn be rightfully appealed to for
lilies ol aetnm in tins case—Austria could derive 110authori-
ty to ohstiuet or interfere with the Hinted States* in the ex-
eieuse of this light, '  nfle<-uii«j the liheiatmn of Kof^taj
and that Captain Ingrnham's interposition for ! «< release
was. undei the pecuhai and cxtiaouhnary eiicmnstanees of
the ease, right and pioper.5'
j If Kos/.ta was absent with the sanction of the
United States; if he had the right of protection, it
: was at once tiie duty of the United States, without
j any choice or option at all, to £ive him protection ;
and the conclusion of the letter is in conflict with
| its antecedent positions, in which Mr. Marcy as-
| serfs that Koszta had an unqualified right to the
I piotection of the United States, and it was the un-
| questionable duty of our Government to affoid it.
j The history of the case shows that Martin
i Koszta went to Smyrna with the belief that he
J was under the protection of our Government; that
j he obtained a passport, ortezkereh—a sort of safe
i conduct pe; muted by the Sultan, and issued by
| our Consul—which was considered sufficient to
! protert him from molestation; and it was to as-
j sert those rights, and afford that protection, that
! Captain Ingraham approached the Austrian brig.
Mr. GUMMING. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a quesiion, merely for information?
Mr. PRESTON". 1 will yield tothegentleman..
Mr. GUMMING. Did Captain Ingraham, or
did he not, write to the Charge Ad interim at Con-
stantinople—fori believe the Charge himself was
absent—tor instructions before he demanded Kosz-
ta's release15 And did he not receive instructions
to that effect from our representative at Constan-
tinople, Mr. Ib-own 1 1 merely ask these questions
for thexnkeof information.
Mr. PRESTON. My impression is that he
did not delay his action; but it is a matter quite
immaterial lo my present argument.
Mr. GUMMING. 1 was under the impression
that he did.
Mr. PRKSTON, I do not remember all the
facts and the dates of the correspondence between
Mr. Brown and Captain Ingraham, in reference
i to the point to which the gentleman alludes. The
1 correspondence, howevei, will show; nor is it ma-
i terml to the view 1 desire to present.
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. If the gentleman will
i allow me, I think I can inform the gentleman upon
this point I had occasion a day or two since to
! look at the conespondence upon this subject, and
i I recollert to have seen a letter from Mr. Brown,
, Charge ad interim, dated the *i8th of June, in which
1 he advises Captain Ingraham to demand Koszta*s
, release, and to extend the protection of the Amer-
I ican flair over him.
' Mr. PRKSTON. Weil, sir, whether he did or
' not is not a matter of much impoi tance to my pur-
i pose. My main object is that this country shal]
; stand by the doctrine asserted by the Secretary of
' State in his letter, and when he maintains our
international rights with ability, I, as a Whig,
: do not desire to criticise his action, but to indorse
his course 
Mr. GUMMING. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment more, I desire to read a single
paragraph from Mr. Hiilsemann *s letter, upon the
point5to which I rose a moment since. He says:
i( On the morning off he 2d of July the commander of tne
American eloop-of-war St. Louts, Mr. fnerahitm, s-ent a
message to the commanding otiieer of th«> Jluzzar, to the
effect That, in pursuance of nonaction-* reeened from the
Charge d'Afl-or.-> ot tiie TTmnM ^nfe-, at ('tMivni.tinople. he
had to onll upon him to deliver the afore-.t.d Koszta into
his hands; adding, that if he did not receive a satisfactory
