864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
LIEUTENANT* JOHN E. BISPHAM.
The Senate,as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill for the
relief of the executors of the late Lieutenant John
E. Bispham.
It proposes to appropriate $913 69, to be paid
Caleb J. Good, executor of John E. Bispham,
late of the United States Navy, deceased, for ex-
penses incurred by the deceased in a suit arising
out of the seizure of the brig Malaga, off the coast
of Africa, by the United States brig Boxer, while
under the command of Lieutenant Bispham.
In April, 1846, Bispham, being the command-
ing officer of the United States brig Boxer, board-
ed and took possession of the brig Malaga, on
the coast of Africa. The seizure was made under
the belief that the Malaga was about to engage
in the transportation of slaves from that coast, and
■was made in good faith, under circumstances cal-
culated to produce a very strong suspicion against
the vessel seized. The Malaga was sent to the
district of Massachusetts, and was libeled on the
16th of June, 1846, but, on motion of the district
attorney, the libel was discontinued. On the 17th
of July, 1847, a suit was instituted by the owners
of the Malaga against Bispham for the seizure,
which, after full argument and trial, was dismissed
with costs. The costs,as originally taxed by the
clerk, included $500 for counsel fees. The libel-
ants appealed from the taxation, and it was after-
wards decided that 41 counset fees should not be
allowed as costs, there being no fund in court."
In defending the suit, Lieutenant Bispham was
compelled to employ counsel, and also to incur
other necessary expenses, which it is thought it
is the duty of Government to reimburse.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THOMAS S. RUSSELL.
The bill for the relief of Thomas S. Russell,
reported from the Committee on Military A flairs,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to audit the account of Thomas S. Russell,
late an assistant commissary of subsistence in
Colonel Brisbane's regiment of Florida volunteers,
and pay whatever amount may be found due to
him, notwithstanding the irregularity of his ap-
pointment, and although his name does not appear
upon the rolls as one of the staff of Colonel Bris-
bane. The amount, however, is not to exceed the
pay of an assistant commissary of subsistence
from the 18th of February to the 10th of Mav,
1836.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered .to be engrossed for a third
reuding, was read a third time, and passed.
JOHN METCALF.
The bill for the relief of John Metcalf, reported
from the Committee on Claims, was read a second
time.
It proposes to appropriate to John Metcalf,
$1,250, in full compensation for a quantity of
goods belonging to him, which were lost or de-
stroyed in consequence of the impressment into
the service of the United States, by order of Gen-
eial Brown, of the schooncr Tempest, at Buffalo,
in the summer of 1814.
Mr. BAYARD objected to the consideration of
the bill, and it was passed over.
BENJAMIN ROWE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Adamb in
the chair.) The next bill on the Calendar is the
bill from the House of Representatives for the re-
lief of Benjamin Rowe; which has been reported
upon adversely by the Committee on Pensions of
the Senate.
Mr. STUART. That being the case, I suppose
the bill had better be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
go over.
JOHN HAMILTON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
upon the Calendar is one from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of John Hamilton; which
has been reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions adversely.
Mr. BAYARD. Ought not that report to be
acted upon, unless some Senator dissents from it,
and desires to discuss it? Should not the action
of the Senate be had upon it now, if no one pro-
poses to debate it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
objection day, no other business is proper for the
consideration of the Senate, but bills which are
not objected to. This bill has been reported upon
adversely, and a day has already been set apart
for the consideration of adverse reports.
Mr. BAYARD. That applies, as I understand,
to the case of adverse reports, where there is no
bill—reports made upon petitions alone.
Mr. STUART. My understanding was that
it was only to adverse reports upon petitions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made the bill will be passed over.
ALTON NELSON.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Alton Nelson, reported from the
Committee on Pensions, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Alton Nelson, of the
county of Warren, and State of New York, on
the roll of invalid pensioners, at eight dollars a
month, from the 1st of January, 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SUSAN COODY AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief ofSusan Coody and others,
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay $1,992 62 to Susan Coody and
others, i'or property destroyed near Fort Gibson,
by United States soldiers, on the 12th of March,
1845, in the proportion and sums respectively due
them, according to the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate, of June 24, 1850.
Susan Coody and Richard Field were living on
the military reserve, near Fort Madison, on the
12th of March, 1845, when their houses were
burnt by armed bands of soldiers who were after-
wards tried and convicted by the United States
district court for Arkansas, for that crime. The
destruction of the houses was accompanied also
by the loss of their contents, which consisted of
furniture, household clothing, and kitchen uten-
sils, an enumeration of which, considered by the
committee to be reasonable and fair, was taken
before the agent of the United States for theCher-
okees. The proof does not implicate either one
of the persons asking remuneration, in the causes
which led lo the disturbance. On the contrary, it
exempts Mrs. Coody from any such connection.
The agent fully indorses the justice of the claim,
and recommends the payment, except that of
Richard Field in which happened the affair which
led to a brutal attack ofi the women and children,
some of whom were badly wounded.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs declined
the payment only for want of an appropriation.
The various amounts of losses specified in the re-
port of the committee amount to $2,492 62, from
which the loss and amount of damages alleged to
have been sustained by the total abandonment of.
property ($500) is deducted, leaving $1,992 62,
for which the bill is reported.
Mr. CHASE. Let that pass over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill must go over.
SYLVESTER PETTIBONE.
The bill for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that Sylvester Pettibone,
of Wisconsin, and his real and personal property,
shall be released and relieved from a judgment in
favor of the United States, obtained against him in
the district court of the United States for Wiscon-
sin, and from all liens and encumbrances created
by the judgment; with a provision, however, that
the cost of the suit in which the judgment was
rendered shall first be paid by him, together with
the further sum of $500 for the benefit of the United
States.
Mr. STUART. I see that that bill has never
undergone the investigation of a committee. It
proposes to release property from the effect of a
judgment. I move its reference to the Judiciary
Committee.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
Subsequently Mr. WALKER said: I did not
notice the motion made by the Senator from Mich-
igan to refer the bill to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. If he will give his attention to me for a
moment, I think he will withdraw the motion.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote.
Mr. BADGER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Wisconsin
can make his statement now.
Mr. WALKER. It is the case, in regard to
which I made a short statement the other day.
Mr. Pettibone is a very old man; he became se-
curity for his nephew, who was arrested for pass-
ing a counterfeit quarter eagle gold piece. The
bail required of him was very large; the nephew
disappeared somewhat mysteriously, and Mr.
Pettibone has never been able to produce him.
Suit was brought against him in the district court
of the United States, and a judgment of $3,000
was rendered against him. The last particle of
property that he had on earth has been sold for
it; the equity oftedemption has expired, and now
it is proposed to relieve him upon the payment of
$500 or $1,000. All the injury which the Gov-
ernment sustained was the passing of one coun-
terfeit quarter eagle. I would be very glad if I
had the papers here, to produce them to the Sen-
ate, but they are all in the House of Representa-
tives. When the bill goes there they will have
possession of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now withdraw the motion
to refer.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the bill, as it has
not been referred to a committee. I think its
principle needs examination.
JAMES EDWARDS AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of James Edwards and
others, reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, was read a second time, and considered,
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
ascertain, by the best evidence which the nature
of the case will admit of, the value of the houses
and other property of James Edwards, of the late
Edward M. Wanton, and of Nehemiah Brush,
destroyed atMicanopy, Florida, in the year 1836,
by order of Lieutenant Colonel B. K. Pierce, the
commanding officer of that post, to prevent them
from falling into the hands of the enemy, and that
the amount so ascertained be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
but with the provision that the amounts so to be
paid shall not exceed $2,482 32 in the case of Ed-
wards; $1,812 50 in the case of Wanton, or $800
in the case of Brush.
It appears, by an official copy of reports from
Lieutenant Colonel B. K. Pierce, of the United
States Army, to his commanding officer, Colonel
J. B Crane, and from Colonel Crane to the War
Department, that Micanopy, in Florida, was aban-
doned on the 24th of August, 1836, in consequence
of the inability of the force there to maintain itself
against the enemy; and in pursuance of orders to
that effect, Colonel Pierce states, that all the arti-
cles, both private and public, which he was com-
pelled to leave for want of transportation, he or-
dered to be destroyed, to prevent their falling into
the hands of the enemy.
A part of the property thus destroyed has been
paid for by direction of acts of Congress for the
relief of Charles Waldon, passed March 3, 1843,
and of George Center, passed March 3, 1849. It
is in evidence, and satisfactorily proved, by the
affidavits of John H. Mcintosh, Benjamin Har-
ris, Isaac Lanier, and Charles Waldron, that Ed-
wards sustained heavy losses by the destruction
of his property, consisting of houses, furniture,
merchandise, &c., at Micanopy, on the 24th Au-
gust, 1836, by order of the officer in command, to
prevent the same from falling into the hands of
the enemy. The amount of his damages is esti-
mated at $2,482 32. Benjamin Harn, Isaac Lan-
ier, John Dick, and Jesse A. Brush, all testifying,
under oath, that the houses, merchandises tools,
&c., &c., of Wanton, were also destroyed, at the
same time and place, by the same order, and for
