THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COiNGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1854.
New Series No. 55,
the same purpose. An4 his loss is estimated at
$1,812 50 _ .
James Ed wards's testimony, sustaining the claim
of the late John M. Brush, is, that the said Nehe-
miah Brush owned a house at Micanopy at the
time of its abandonment; that this house was worth
$800; that it was destroyed by order of Colonel B.
K. Pierce on the 24th of August, 1836. 'l'h# wit-
ness was a house carpenter, and competent to
judge of the value of the house, and his evidence
is given in due foim of law. He further testifies
that this house, though it belonged to Nehemiah
Brush, was in the occupancy—rented to—George
Center, who has been paid for the goods, &c.,
destroyed in the house.
In the cases of Edwards and Wanton the wit-
nesses testify that, by permission of the officers,
their goods, furfiiture, &c., were removed from
their houses to the fort for greater safety, and when
the fort was destroyed, everything it contained
Was burnt with it.
The principle is fully established by the legisla-
tion of Congress, that private property, destroyed
by a commanding officer of the United States
Army in a period of war, should be paid for. The
destruction being for the common good of the com-
munity, the loss should be borne in common.
Mr. EVANS. That will lead to some discus-
sion. I am not satisfied with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
JAMES WOEMSLET.
The bill for the relief of James Wormsley, re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of James Wormsley on the
roll of revolutionary pensioners, and pay him the
sum of §96 per annum from the 4th of July,
1848, and during his natural life.
He enlisted into the service of the United States
as a private soldier, in the State of Rhode Island,
in June, 1780, for six months, under Lieutenant
Johnson, who was attached to the regiment com-
manded by Colonel Christopher Green, and
served the full teim of six months, when he was
discharged, and he claims a pension under the act
of 7th June, 1839. Several witnesses have testified
that they were well acquainted with tile petitioner
when he enlisted, and that they believe he served
in the regiment six months, as stated by him. It
appears, however, from the records on file in the
Pension Office, that, although he was paid for six
months' sei vice, he was discharged before the ex-
piration of six months; that the six months'levies
of 1780, in which he served, commenced 10th
July, and were discharged on the last Monday of
November, 1780.
The act of 7th June, 1833, provides for those
only who served and received pay for six months.
The petitioner having served only about five
months, is not legally entitled to a pension. But
having been willing to serve out the term for
which he enlisted, and being now upwards of
eighty-eight years of age, and destitute oi the
means of support, the committee think that he is
entitled to the fayorable consideration of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passsed.
E. J. M'LANE.
The bill for the relief of E J. McLane, reported
from the Committee on Commerce, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. .
It proposes to require the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay to E. J. McLane or his
legal representative, $1,692 45, being compensa-
tion for his services and expenses as inspector of
the customs in the collection district of Brazos de
St. Jago, in the State of Texas, while seizing and
detaining horses and mules smuggled into the Uni-
ted States from Mexico, with a provision, however,
that he shall produce, before the accounting offi-
55
cers, satisfactory vouchers for the same, or to allow
and pay such part as shall be so vouched.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM HARRIS.
The bill for the relief of William Harris, of
Georgia, reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle the claim of Wil-
liam Harris, and pay him for his services in the
United States Anny in the same manner as if he
had not deserted therefrom; but with the provi-
sion that the same shall not exceed the pay and
emoluments of a sergeant of infantry, from the
18th of April, 1814, to the 25th of November,
1816.
Mr. CHASE objected to the bill, and it was
passed over.
VASQUEZ AND COLLIGAN.
The bill authorizing the legal representatives of
AntoineVasquez.Hypolite Vasquez, Joseph Vas-
quez, and John Colligan to enter certain lands in
Missouri, reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
it proposes to authorize the parties named fo
enter, without payment, at any land office in Mis-
souii, in such quantities, agreeably to the United
States surveys, as the claimants may desire, a
quantity of land subject to private entry, not ex-
ceeding eight hundied arpens for each of the three
persons first named, and twelve hundred arpens
for Colligan, in lieu of, and m compensation for,
a claim of that quantity allowed to them by the
board of commissioners appointed for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the State of
Missouri, and confiimed to them by "An act con-
firming claims to land in the State of Missouri,
and for other purposes," approved July 4, 1836,
and to direct the register or registers of the land
offices to receive the proper applications and proofs,
and issue the necessary certificate or certificates,
on return of which to the General Land Office,
with proofs sufficient in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to establish the right of the
claimants as such legal representatives, a patent
or patents shall issue as in other cases.
The sons of Don Benito Vasquez, viz: Benito,
Antoine, Hypohte, Joseph, and Pierre Vasquez,
claimed eight hundred arpens each of land in Mis-
souli, by virtue of a Spanish concession, alleged
to have beeij made in 1800. In 1806 they pre-
sented their papers and proof to substantiate their
claim before the commissioners appointed to inves-
tigate such claims, and in 1833 it was allowed by
the board appointed under the act of the 9th July,
'1832. The board declare themselves unanimously
of opinion that this claim ought to be confirmed to
the claimants, or their legal representativ es, accord-
ing to the concession. By the act of July 4,18,16.
this, with other decisions in favor of claimants m
the report, were confirmed by Congress.
Two sons of Vasquez, Benito and Pierre, or
their le al representatives, had located their lands
before The board acted on the subject. The title
to the premises located by Benito, under the con-
cession, became the subject of adjudication in the
case of Bissell vs. Penrose, m which the Supreme
Court of the United States affirmed the titleunder
the grant. The two sons last named, having re-
ceived their titles under the concession, have no
further claim on the Government.
The lands conceded to Antoine, Hypohte, and
Joseph Vasquez, were not surveyed or located
when approved by the cotnmissioners, and suhse-
quently confirmed by the act of Congress of uly
4. 1836. This act excludes from its operation
most of the cases reported upon by the commis-
sioners, in which the locations had not actually
been made; but this claim, either by oversight, or
because it had in part been located, was, with one
or two others of a similar character, confirmed by
the act.
In the cases of these confirmed claims, where
no actual location of the premises had been made,
a difficulty was found by the Department in grant-
ing the land confirmed by the act to the claimant.
The opinion of the Attorney General, Hon. H.
D. Gilpin, was procured on the subject, in which,
after examining the various provisions of the act,
he says: " I am of opinion that the first section of
the act in question fully confirms and gives a valid
title under the grant to the sons of Benito Vas-
quez; but I do not think that without further legis-
lation the same can be located upon any of the
public lands of the United States. This can never
be done, except by authority from the Legislature;
and the law in question, though it confirms the
grant, does not provide for its location." He
further adds, that "all the claims confirmed by
the first section, except a very few, were located
Spanish grants; for them the second and third sec-
tions of the act adequately provide; for the others  
no provision is made, doubtless from accident; but
the omission is one that can only be supplied by
legislation."
The claim of Colligan for twelve hundred arpens
of land was allowed by the same Board of Com-
missioners on the 12th November, 1833, and was
confirmed by the same act of Congress, of July 4,
1836. This case presents the same difficulty as
that above mentioned, arising from the want of
survey and location before confirmation.
As Congress has already decided on the merits
of these claims, and has made the grant in ques-
tion, further legislation authorizing the perfecting
of the same by location on public lands ought to
be had. In no other way can they obtain the
benefit of a claim decided in their favor by the
commissioners, and expressly confirmed by act of
Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM A. SLACUM.
The bill for the relief of the personal represent-
ative'of William A. Slacum, deceased, Was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill is designed to authorize the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle and ad-
just the account of the late William A. Slacum,
and to pay his personal representative, in addition
to what Mr. Slacum received in his lifetime, his
charges for expenses incurred in visiting the Co-
lumbia river, in pursuance of the directions of the
Secretary of State, in the years 1836 and 1837;
but the amount allowed in such expenses is not to
exceed $712 90. It is also proposed to pay to Ins
said representative, as compensation for the ser-
vices rendered totheUnited States by Mr. Slacum
on that mission, at the rate of six dollars per diem,
commencing from the 1st of June, 1836, and con-
tinuing to the 15th of March, 1837; buttheamount
of pay received by Mr. Slacum as a purser in the
Navy of the United States, during the period of
time embraced in the above dates, is to be deducted
from the amount of that per diem allowance.
The late William A. Slacum was commissioned
by President Van Buren, through his Secretary
of State, Mr. Forsyth, by his letter dated 11th of
November, 1835, to obtain some specific and au-
thentic information in regard to the inhabitants of
the country in the neighborhood of theOregon or
Columbia river, and generally all such informa-
tion in that region, political, physical, statistical,
and geogrnphical, as might prove useful or inter-
esting to this Government.
In pursuance of this commission, Mr. Slacum
did, in the year 1836, proceed to the Oregon Ter-
ritory, and there fulfilled his instructions, and, in
the year 1837, reported the results of his labors m
! his narrative, addressed to Secretary Forsyth
The claim for lepayment of expenses incurred
j and paid for the use and benefit of the Govern-
: merit is founded upon the following facts:
That not being able to procure a vessel to con-
vey him from the west coast of Mexico, where he
commenced to perform his mission up the coast
