156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
Captain Ingraham do? And here let me pause to
say a word in reply to the objection raised by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] The
gentleman wants to know why we do not tender
this vote of thanks to Mr. Brown instead of to
Captain Ingraham ? If the gentleman will look at
the letter of Mr. Hulsemann, he will see that Mr.
Brown directed, or rather advised, Captain Ingra-
ham to demand the release of Koszta. Well, he
did demand his release, but what use would it
have been if he had stopped there? The letter of
his instructions beyond this was silent. But Cap-
tain Ingraham, having demanded the release of
'Koszta, went further, took the means necessary
to make that demand effectual, and told the re-
presentative of the Austrian Government—the
commander of the Hussar—on the morning of
the 2d July, that unless the man was delivered up
by four o'clock in the afternoon he would take
him by force. It was his gallant, prompt, and
judicious conduct in going further that awards
the great merit to Captain Ingraham, and which
has invested his name and the Hag he bore with
such peculiar glory.
Mr. Hulsemann says that he then drew his ship
up in line of battle, and prepared to carry out his
threat. I will say further, that the captain of the
Austrian brig v/aited until within ten minutes of
four o'clock before he undertook to release his
prisoner. Koszta was in the hold of his vessel,
and in irons. At that time, having made pre-
vious threats of shooting him, they sent down
for him. He was afraid that they were taking
him to be shot, for he had been told in the morn-
ing that such would be his fate, if the demand of
Ingraham was persisted in. It was a sublime
right—one which has rarely been equaled in his-
tory—to see Captain Ingraham standing on the
deck of his vessel, with her guns pointed, the
torches lighted, and he awaiting, with watch in
hand, to give the word of command to fire; the
Austrian officers, however, just before the expira-
tion of the time, said, hurriedly, to the prisoner,
64 we want you no longer here;" and he was de-
livered just three minutes before four o'clock.
The gentleman inquired the other day whether,
if Koszta had not been given up, Ingraham would
have been justified in firing into the Austrian ves-
sel? I answer promptly that he would; and if he
had done it, the whole American people, and the
laws of nations, would have sustained him. He
way at that time the representative of our nation,
and demanding the release of a man who claimed
the piotection of our Government, and who had
in hife possession papers which entitled him to that
protection.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I put no such
question as the one the gentleman states.
Mr. DEAN. I understood the gentleman to
put the question.
Mr. JONES. I said that if the Austrian com-
mander refused to give Koszta up, would this
Government be justified in declaring war against
Austria?
Mr. DEAN. I desire to meet this thing fairly,
and follow it to its utmost conclusion. I say, sir,
that the great object of Government is to afford
protection to tho?e who owe it allegiance. If the
Ixovernment of Austria had refused to deliver
Koszta, and Captain Ingraham, our representa-
tive in the Bay of Smyrna, after using all the
foree within his power, had failed to release him,
it would be right for us to carry out our demands
at all hazards—at all hazards.
Now, there is another ground upon which the
American people will justify Captain Ingraham,
and that is this: Our diplomatic agents, whether
properly or not, have been charged with remiss-
ness in asserting the rights of Americans traveling
abroad. They have waited, and they have doubted.
Ingraham, m this case, the moment he received
the word from our agent that there was a man
claiming the protection of the American Govern-
ment in imprisonment, did not send home to
search the parish registers to know where he was
born, nor trace out the branch of the geneological
tree from which he claimed to spring. lie did not
wait to examine the records of all the courts to see
whether he had declared his intention to become a
citizen—or to ascertain the genuineness of* the pa-
pers he bore, or inquire into the power of the court
to grant them. Is? an American commander to do
so many case? On the contrary, when the risrht is
claimed by one whom he is satisfied is entitled to
it, he should get nine points of the law—that is,
possession—leaving the question involved to be
afterward settled between the two Governments.
That is the manner in which our representatives
should act. And the conductof Ingraham, acting
as he has, promptly and successfully, upon these
principles, has given us respect abroad, and dig-
nity and consideration everywhere.
i was reading but yesterday an extract from
a letter received from one of the officers of the St.
Louis, which stated that when Captain Ingraham
entered the harbor of Alexandria he was received
amid the joyful ringing of bells and firing of can-
non; and that when he entered the theater the
American flag was flying, and he was received
with cheers. Such tributes as these, sir, make
an American proud of his country, and will have
their effect in the Army and Navy. Nosinglebattle
has ever added such luster to the American name.
It has given us a respect abroad which CQuld not
be secured by the most successful naval engage-
ment.
I did intend, Mr. Speaker, to answer some of
the objections which have been urged against the
Marcy letter—objections, sir, many of them
arising, I think, from misapprehension of the
Secretary's reasoning, and from taking discon-
nected portions of it, and not regarding it as one
entire argument.
But this discussion has taken so wide a range—
so much has been spoken on the subject, and the
hour is so late—the press and the people having so
unanimously approved it—that I leave that part
of the case, saying only that, in my judgment, it
can be sustained fully and entirely—as a whole,
and m each distinct proposition. I will, however,
say a single word in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] who advised us never to
consult the heart, but rather the head. Sir, on
any question like the one now under discussion,
I had rather trust the heart—in its warm, its gen-
erous impulses—than the cool calculations of the
wisest philosopher. And though he says that
Samson will lose his strength in the lap of
Delilah, yet, sir, nature will soon restore that
again. But when a man lets his heart be eaten
out by the rust of conservatism, it withers and
becomes paralyzed, and is forever incapable of
conceiving a noble thought, or appreciating a gen-
erous or heroic act.
He said that Lieutenant Hunter was dismissed
from the Navy because he had gone forward and
had "taken Alvarado," without the aid of fogy
diagrams. The gentleman is mistaken in what he
said. Lieutenant Hunter was, it is true, court-
martialed for disobedience of orders. He pleaded
guilty. But, instead of being dismissed from the
service, he was dismissed from that squadron,
and was immediately transferred, by the Secretary
of the Navy, to the command of the Taney. That
was the only thing. He pleaded guilty to the
charge of disobedience of orders—and was simply
reprimanded, and transferred from the command
of one ship to the command of another.
There is, however,one point in the gentleman's
speech to which I most heartily subscribe; and
that is, that this resolution does commit the Gov-
ernment to the act of Captain Ingraham, to the
letter of the Secretary of State, and to the mes-
sage of the President of the United States. I agree
j with him there; and, agreeing with him, I shall
I vote for it with that distinct understanding, and
j because it does thus commit us.
| Now, sir, for a single word further. I desire
j that this vote, when taken, shall go forth as a
deliberate expression* of this House. When I
first introduced the resolution, I supposed that
no debate could arise, ard therefore I moved the
previous question; but debate having arisen, and
gentlemen belonging to all parties having spoken, 1
; am glad that debate has so arisen; and as we come
I now to vote upon the resolution, and to send that
vote forth, it must be taken, and will be received
by the country, as the deliberate expression of
the legislative branch of the Government. Where-
ever that vote goes on this continent, it will carry
joy and gladness; and wherever it is translated—
! as it will be into all the languages of the earth—it
will carry with it a weight and a power which
ragmot he resisted.
Mr. GUMMING. Will my colleague allow
me' to explain ?
Mr. DEAN. Certainly.
Mr. GUMMING. I had not intended, sir, to
mingle in this affair at all. I intended to cast my
vote for the resolution as brought forward by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. But, in order to
relieve myself from any sort of false position, I
think it right to state at once that I intended to vote
for this resolution. But, sir, I cannot subscribe
to the ground taken by my friend and colleague,
[Mr. Dean,] with some other gentlemen here. I
cannot subscribe to the proposition that this com-
pliment intended to be paid to Captain Ingraham
shall, for one moment, go forth to the world as
the expression of a great principle, as the gentle-
man calls it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call the gentleman from
New York to order. 1 have desired to express
my own views on this question, but have been
cutoff by the previous question. I cannot consent
that any gentleman shall exercise a privilege on
this floor, of which I and others have been de-
prived by the action of this House.
Mir. CUMMING. I was merely making an
explanation, in order to set my position right on
this matter. I am in favor of conferring this
honor upon Captain Ingraham. The only ques-
tion is the ground upon which it shall be confened.
For the gallant and chivalrous performance of his
duty, 1 am perfectly willing to give a medal and
the thanks of Congress—or, if yon choose, for
his vindication of our common humanity. But,
sir, as an exposition of principles, I am not willing,
as far as I am concerned, that this Congress should
send the resolution forth clothed in this way.
The gentleman says, according to the English
code, ii once a citizen, always a citizen." Now,
apply that to this very case.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair will
remark, that the previous question having been
called, the gentleman is cut off thereby from
making a speech upon the subject; and notliing but
an explanation is allowed.
Mr. DEAN, (resuming.) I was willing my
colleague should explain; I will not longer detain
the House. As I understand the matter, the first
motion to be put to the House is to commit this
resolution to the Committee of the Whole. I
desire to say that, if that should be done, it would
be equivalent to a vote against the resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. I would ask my colleague
how that would be equivalent to a vote against the
resolution ?
Mr. DEAN. It is upon this ground: If sent
to the Committee of the Whole, it is sent there
for further discussion and examination. Butrap-
propriation bills and special orders having pref-
erence over others, those of us who have served
here before know it will be impossible ever to reach
this resolution again. It has now been discussed
for two days, and at length, and the House is as
well prepared to vote as it can be. I trust, there-
fore, that the vote upon it will be taken at this
time.
Mr. WHEELER. My colleague will remem-
ber that we have a very patriotic colleague [Mr.
Lyon] now absent, who has been with Captain
Ingraham at Smyrna and has examined into this
subject with great care and deliberation. He is
desirous of taking a part in the debate of this
question, and i hope he will be allowed to do so.
I cannot see what object the gentleman can have
in calling the previous question, and forcing the
House to a vote now.
Mr. DEAN. I am quite willing that my col-
league from the Lewis and Jefferson district [Mr.
Lyon] should have an opportunity to discu ss this
question. I know that he has been with Captain
Ingraham at Smyrna; but the passage of this res-
olution now will in no way interfere to prevent
him from speaking on the subject. The Presi-
dent's message is still under discussion m Com-
mittee of the Whole, and whenever we again go
into committee, he can avail himself of that op-
portunity to speak upon this subject.
Mr. WHEELER. I only wish to state one
thing. My colleague [Mr. Dean] should be
aware that certain gentlemen in this House are
desirous of applying the Administration-gag again,
even upon the President's message. Gentlemen
have already called the previous question upon a
motion to stop debate upon the message, and they
are anxious to do it again, and we shall be cut
off.
Mr. DEAN. I do not exactly understand the
force of the expression the " Administration-gag"
upon the President's message.
