1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
scarcely been reviewed. 1 do notpropose to exam-
ine them now; but I wish to make a suggestion in
reference to this bill which 1 hffve not yet heard
in the course of the debate, though, doubtless, it
has occurred to other gentlemen here. I say it is
an unjust bill, for the reason that it gives the pub-
lic lands to any one who will -go and settle upon
them, immediately alongside of persons who have
purchased for the full price, and paid the Gov-
ernment for their lands. Will not the inevitable
effect of this be to diminish the selling price of all
the land of those who have heretofore purchased
public land? Is it a measure of justice? I put it
to any man, after you have exacted from all who
have gone before §125 an acre, the minimum
price of the public land, then to invite everybody
to go and take possession of the land adjoining
without returning their money to those who have
already purchased ? Why do you make a dis-
crimination against them? I put it to my honor-
able friend from Tennessee, is it just and fair that
a man who has labored upon the public lands for
many years, until he has earned his quarter or
half section, and has paid for it, should be sur-
rounded suddenly by hundreds and thousands of
men who have never performed a day's labor on
thd lands, and yet who can sell that land as soon
as they have got patents?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Senator
desire an answer ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I yield with pleasure to
hear your reply, if you choose to make it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will answer the
Senator very frankly. I admit that it seems to be
unjust. I concede that it seems to be an act of
injustice that one American citizen should have
been required, under a previous law, to pay $1 25
an acre for his land, and then afterwards another
man be permitted to go and settle by him without
paying anything for his tract. But let me ask
the Senator another question. Suppose a man
settles in the wilderness, and encounters all the
hardships and privations incident to such a settle-
ment, and clears up his one hundred and sixty
acres of land, [ want to know of my friend from
Delaware, if he goes and tak^s the adjoining
quarter section at 25 an acre, does he not
derive his full'quota of the benefits of the labor of
the man who first settles, and supplies all the
necessaries incident to life? I wish to make my-
self perfectly understood by the Senator. He
gets, in the case, I suppose, all the benefits of
civilization and settlement, resulting from the act
of the man who is given one hundred and sixty
acres, in going into the wilderness and cultivating
the land which is granted to him under this law.
Those who follow the first settlers, and settle
down by them, and do not encounter the hard-
ships which they have to encounter, but come in
afterwards, and pay for their land, enjoy the
benefits of the labor and suffering of those to
whom the land was granted; so that the case is
just as hard in one aspect as the other.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator has entirely
misunderstood this bill. It does not allow a
settler who has bona fide purchased one hundred
and sixty acres, to take up one hundred and sixty
more. He has mistaken entirely one of the
plainest provisions of the bill.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to make one remark on this point?
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. CASS, ^merely do it because the Senator,
perhaps, does not reeollecta view which was taken
of this matter before. It was all gone over thirty
years ago. The principle which the honorable
Senator from Delaware assumes, would prevent
Congress ever reducing the price of the public
lands. You sold the land once at two dollars per
acre; and when it was proposed to reduce it to
$1 25, the same objection was urged by many that
is now urged by the Senator from Delaware. It
was said you could not reduce the price, because
that would be doing injustice to those who had
already purchased at the higher price. I would
remind the honorable Senator from Delaware, that
every man who purchases public lands, purchases
subject to the disposition of Congress; and Con-
gress has a right to reduce the price when it
pleases. It may graduate the price, and bring it
down to twelve and a half cents per acre. There-
fore, the principle cannot be carried out, that you
cannot change the price of the lands, because you
have previously sold, under other circumstances,
at a different price.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let me tell the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that the principle on which
the graduation to which he has referred was made,
was that the best lands had been taken up, and
that the inferior lands ought properly and fairly
to be offered at an inferior price.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say further, that that is incorrect. That
argument could only apply to existing districts;
but district after district subsequently came into
the market, which had never before been offered
for sale, and where the prime and best lands were
sold for $1 25. It was not that principle, there-
fore, which operated; but it was the principle that
the price of the public lands at the time was
thought to be too high.
Mr. CLAYTON. The reduction from $2 to
$1 25 was made on the abolition of the old credit-
system, in the sale of the lands. Cash was the
alleged consideration for the reduction to $1 25
from $2 at a long credit. We have had no grad-
uation laws reducing the price lower than $1 25;
and, sir, no graduation bill can be just which is
not founded on the idea that the best lands have
been disposed of, and that worse remain to be dis-
posed of, at a smaller price. I have not been a
friend to any of thesegraduation bills, nearly all of
which are projects to plunder the Government;
though I have always voted, and ( say it with
great satisfaction, liberally for western improve-
ments, and for the interests of the western country.
But in regard to the point which the honorable
Senator from Michigan made, that the graduation
principle, bad as it may be, justifies the measure
before the'Senate, I deny it. I say that here is a
measure of manifest injustice to those who have
heretofore purchased public lands; and the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee is compelled to admit
that it is unjust. <
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a single remark on that point?
Mr. CLAYTON I yield the floor to my friend
with great pleasure.
Mr. SHIELDS. I happened to be at the head
of the General Land Office, and ought, therefore,
to know a little about the operation of the very
view which the honorable Senator presents. If I
understand his position, it is that when one man
purchases a tractofland for$I25 an acre, which,
by his labor and cultivation, becomes worth five
or ten dollars an acre, and another man gets a
neighboring tract, as a donation from the Govern-
ment without any consideration, the man who has
paid for the land is injured, because his land is de-
creased in value. Is that the proposition?
Mr. CLAYTON. That is not the exact way
in which I stated it. But let the Senator go on.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand the Senator's
proposition to be, that if one man pays for a tract
of land, builds a house on it, and cultivates it,
and another man, his neighbor, gets land without
paying for it, the man who pays is thereby in-
jured. Now, so far from that being the case, the
fact is, that if the adjoining tract is cultivated, even
though the land be given to the occupant without
cost, it improves and enhances the value of the
tract of the adjoining man who paid for it. So far
from diminishing its value, the effect of the culti-
vation of an adjacent piece of land by the labor
of any man, (no matter whether he pays for the
land or not, for that has no bearing on the point at
all,) is to enhance the value of the farm of the
man who has already purchased. That is the op-
eration, as those who are familiar with the public
lands know.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I think it is
self-evident, that if millions of acres of land, around
a farm which 1 may happen to own, be offered for
nothing to all who may choose to come and settle
upon it, the value, the selling price of my land, is
necessarily diminished by the operation. It is
reduced beyond all controversy, in my judgment,
I will not say to nothing, but it is reduced so
seriously, that where the donations in the neigh-
borhood of settlers who have heretofore bought
the publiclands, are very numerous and extensive,
the operation must be ruinous to them. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has'.skillfully confined himself
to the case of a single settlement of one man by
the side of another. But will any man tell me
that putting thousands on tens of thousands of
acres ofland into market for nothing, in the vicin-
ity of a man who has purchased and- pajiKa full;
and fair price for his land, does not diminish the
selling value of that man ? Sir, in!such a case yott 
do gross and outrageous injustice; and if yovtr
Government be unjust, and pass such'a bill as,
this, it ought to and will make indemnity to those:
whom it shall thus injure. * • •
The Senator from New York [M^SeWabdJ
occupied much time in reply- to me by an argu*
ment of his own against a proposition which
neither I nor any one else ever made. I did not*
stop him. He had evidently never read my'
amendment, though he made a speech against it/
I did not propose to give 'money or land to
mechanics only, but to mechanics and all other
Americain citizens; His complaint was, that me-
chanics were not more meritorious than other
classes. Nobody said they were. But I.say they
are, as American citizens, entitled to quite as many
privileges as any other class of citizens; and in
our own country they shall always have my vote
for anything they may ask, in preference to any
afien; and 1 would rather have the approbation
of the American mechanics of my public conduct
than that of all the aliens in the world.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wade] took so different a view of the
rights of American citizens to the property of the
United States from any that I have ever seen pre**
sented before, that I wish to comment for a few
moments upon it. Why, sir, he undertook to say
he did not consider that he himself, although a son
of the old Bay State, and now an honored Sen-
ator of the United States from the great State.of
Ohio, a citizen and a native-born American, had,
any greater -right to any portion of this vast
public property of the United States than any
German, or any foreigner whatever. That is the
gentleman's position, fairly stated. Sir, is it pos-
sible that such a feeling pervades the bosom of an
American Senator ? Is it possible that, under the
influence of feelings and opinions like this, we are
legislating on the great public domain of this
nation, and are about to give away hundreds of
millions of the national property? Are we to act
on the idea that no American citizen has any more
right to the public domain than the alien, m Ger-
many, Ireland, or R'issia, or any other,.part of
Europe? Sir, whose property is it ? The honor-
able Senator seems to think it belongs to every-
body, and not merely to us. Well, who paid for
it? Millions upon millions of dollars have gone
out of the Treasury of the United States to pay
for it. That money come from the pockets of the
citizens of the United States. Millions upon mil-
lions of acres of it were earned by the blood, as
well as the treasure, of their revolutionary tore-
fathers. We have heretofore looked upon it as an
inheritance of which the American people might
well be proud. But the Senator boldly tells you
that no American has a right to claim any more
title to it than any foreigner!
Mr. WADE. What I stated was, thatif these
donations were to be considered as for the benefit
of the particular individuals, A, B, or C, who
might take advantage of the bill, of course no one
had any right at all to the land. I thought, how-
ever, that as the Government was the owner of
such avast territory, and as it proposed to dis-
pose of it to those who would settle on it, as a
matter of policy it was right to make no distinc-
tion between persons who should occupy it. I did
not pretend that A, B, or C, whether foreigners
or natives, had any right upon the public lands.
Certainly the land belongs to the Government*
but the Government, I take it, has a right to sell
it to anybody, or to give it away to anybody, if
it is supposed the interests of the Government will
be best promoted in that way.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator
thinks,and so expresses himself in substance, that
he has no more right to ask for a donation of the
public domain than any foreigner whatever, be-
cause he thinks this policy of the Government is
to give it away to all alike.
Mr. WADE. I say, I do not feel, as an indi-
vidual, that I have any more title to any particu-
lar portion of it, in consequence of being: an„
American citizen, and being accidentally a "native
born", than'any other man. " 1
Mr. CLAYTON. There you find him, pre-
cisely where he stood before he made his explan-
ation. Let me again revert to a remark which I
made when I commenced my reply to the honor-
