868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The petitioner is the widow of a captain in the
United States Navy. She was pensioned in 1849,
by a special act of Congress, for a term of five
years, which expired on the 4th of March last, and
under the peculiar circumstances attending the
case, she is unable to fill the blanks sent from the
Pension Bureau, in such a way as to entitle her to
a continuance of her half pay under the existing
statutes; and as she is aged and indigent, she now
prays an act of Congress to continue her expired
pension for a further term of five years, or for life,
if consistent with the principles of the general
statutes relating to pensions.
Captain Angus entered the service at the age of
fifteen, in the year 1799, and remained in the ser-
vice until the latter part of Mr. Monroe's Admins
istration, when he was dismissed, without a trial
by court-martial, for writing a letter to the Secre-
tary of the Navy which was not consideied re-
spectful. At the time of writing the letter, he was
laboring under temporary insanity, of which Piesi-
dent Monroe afterwards became satisfied, and rec-
ommended his successor, Mr. Adams, to reinstate
him. He was not, however,reinstated,in conse-
quence of his being subject to fits of insanity, but
was allowed a pension, which continued to his
death, on the 99th May, 1640.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
HEZEKIAH MTIXER.
The bill for the relief of Hezekiah Miller, re-
ported Irom the Committee on Claims, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct that #1,358 44 be paid to
Hezekiah Miller, that sum being an unpaid balance
of his salary as a clerk in the War Department
from the 1st of January, 1829, to the 31«iof De-
cember, 1832; but this payment is to be in full
for all claims of Miller against the United States,
arising out of arrears of compensation or salary.
Hezekiah Miller was a clerk in the Indian Bu-
reau at a salary of $1,000 per annum, but per-
formed the duties of a $1,400 clerk, and on the 1st
of January, 1849, General P. B. Porter, then Sec-
retary of War, decided, in accordance with the
request of Mr. McKennv, head of the Riueau,
that hissalaiy should be $1,400. Notwithstand-
ing this informal decision, however, the salary
continued to be paid at t^e rate of &t,000 until
1830, when, on his application, it was increased to
$l,lf>0; the next year (1831) it was reduced to
$1,091 50; and in 1832 to #1,000. In 1833 it was
finally fixed at $1,400. His claim now is, that
he was entitled to $1,400 a year from the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1829, as designed by General Porter, and
that the sum of $1,358 44 has been unjustly with-
held, for which he should be paid principal and
interest from January 1, 1833. In JH-IO he was
promoted to a salary of #1,600, which lie is now
receiving.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time,and passed.
ABRAHAM DARDENNE.
The bill tor the relief of Theresa Dardenne,
widow of Abraham Dardenne, and their children,
reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow Theresa Dardenne, widow
of Abruh um Dardenne, to enter id it^ul sulnltvis- ]
ions, at any land office in Arkansas,Yree of cost, j
six hundred and forty acres of any unappropna- 1
ted land belonging to the United'States, for the i
use and benefit equally of herself and her children :
by Abraham Dardenne, as an indemnification for I
losses sustained by them on account of an errone- I
ous saieofland made to him by the land officers I
at Little Rock, Aikansas, on the 20;h of Janu- i
ary, 1836, as per certificates of purchase, Nos. '
1132 and 1133. The acceptance of the six hun- i
dred and forty acres of land, free of cost, by ;
Theresa Dardenne, is to be held to be a full re- !
lease to the United States of all claim on her part,
and of the other heirs of Abtuhnm Daidenne,
deceased, growing out of the before-recited erro-
neous entry oflands.
It appears on record in the General Land Office,
that Abraham Dardenne entered at the land office
at Little Rock, Arkansas, January 30, 1836, the
north part of the northwest fractional quarter
(east of Arkansas river) of section six, in town-
ship five south, of range nine west, containing
forty-three and lourteen hundredthacren; also,the
northeast fractional quarter of same section, con-
taining one hundred and fifty-nine and forty-five
one hundredth acres; that some time subsequent
to the date of said entries, it was discovered that
the same were illegal, for the reason that the tracts
of land were covered by donation certificate No.
107, dated May 19, 1830, (claim No. 145,) in the
name of the heir of Aaron Hanscom,and a patent
issued thereon, and that on the 6th of October,
1847, notice of the fact that the aforesaid entries
were illegal wasjiorwarded to Abraham Dardenne,
by the land officers at Little Rock, Arkansas, be-
ing nearly eleven years subsequent to the entry
by Dardenne. It further appears of record that
the purchase money ($253 23J) still remains in
the Treasury of the United States.
The affidavit of the petitioner, widow of the late
Abraham Dardenne, sets forth that herself, hus-
band, and children labored hard to improve and
reduce to a state of cultivation the afore-mentioned
lands, for the teim of eleven years, believing they
were the sole owners, and that repeatedly, during
that term of years, her husband was offered $5,000
for the premises, but refused the same, preferring
his home to money. It is further m evidence that
the petitioner, with her five children, (who were
dependent upon her for suppoi t,) were ejected, by
foice of law, fiom the premises on the first day of
January, 185], and that herself and children are
homeless and in a state of destitution. Her pres-
ent unhappy situation has been brought about
solely by the errors of the United States land
officers.
Thus it appears that Abraham Dardenne, de-
ceased, bought from and paid the United States
for land to which the United States had no title,
having already sold it; that the United States still
holds the money, over $250, and has held it over
eighteen yeais; that for eleven years Dardenne was
suffered to hold and improve the land without no-
tice that he had no title; that he continued to re-
side on the land, refusing to give it up until his
death, and his family after him till 1st of January,
J85L, when the widow and her children, resisting
in the courts, were ejected by force of law; that
they are poor, and the children dependent on the
mother; that they have not only lost the use of
their money, but the interest for over eighteen
years, and not only lost the land, but all the im-
provements, which, with their own labor arid hum-
ble means, they had expended on it for eighteen
years of continuous occupation, which had greatly
enhanced its value; that to refund, now, the origi-
nal sum would be scandalous; that to refund it
with interest would be palpable injustice, m the
loss of all their labor and improvements, and the
increased value of the land; that all lands of simi-
lar value, on the hanks of the Arkansas river, are
now entered andoutof reach of the petitioner; that
authority to enter in full satisfaction, six hundred
and forty acres of land, such as is now subject to
private entry, at the minimum price of the public
lands, seems the nearest approach to justice which
can be attained.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
HENRY LA REINTRIE.
The bill for the relief of Henry LaReintrie, re-
ported fitmi the Committee on Claims, was rend
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Hfmry La Remtne *>593, in full satisfaction and
discharge of his claim for services rendered to the
United States legation near the Government of
Chili, and as bearer of dispatches from that lega-
tion to Washington.
Mr. La Reintrie was secretary to Commodore
Shubncic, of the Navy, and while attached in
that capacity to the United States ship Independ-
ence, at Valparaiso, upon the urgent request of
Mr. Barton, charge d 'affaires at Chili, was ordered
by the commodore to repair to the city of Santi-
ago and place himself under the direction of Mr.
Barton. He promptly obeyed the order, although
the service had no legal or proper relation to his
duty as commodore's secretary. He continued
to serve, faithfully and laboriously, as secretary
of legation at Santiago, from the §ih of January
to the 30th of April, 1849, and for twenty-eight
days afterwaids, as bearer of dispatches to the
Government of the United States, at the request
of Mr. Barton. For this service he claims com-
pensation at the rate ot six dollars perday, amount-
ing to §858. He asserts that he was employed
from twelve to sixteen hours daily, in recording,
translating, and interpreting, or copying, during
his service 8s secretary of legation. This arduous
public service, as welt as the exigency which re-
quired it, are amply verified by satisfactory proof.
The memorialist presents a further claim for
extra services rendered under the following cir-
cumstances, viz: while holding the appointment
of secretary to Commodore Shubrick, he was
transferred to the service of Commodore Jones,
commanding officer of the Pacific squadron, on
board the United States ship Independence, where
he was employed from the 7thof May to the 15th
of July, 1848, in interpreting or translating the
Spanish language, in the course of the official cor-
respondence of the last-mentioned officer. For this
extra service heclaims $100 per month in addition
to his regular salary, amounting to &22G. This
claim was disallowed by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs of the House of Representatives of
the first session, Thirty-First Congress, No. 122,
on the ground that "as secretary, it appertained
to the duties of the petitioner to perform the labor
of conducting the correspondence of his superior,
either in the particulars of transcribing letters m
the same, or in a different language, or in other
appropriate service," and that in this case, "his
superior only, and not his fiduciary relation and
service, was changed." The claim for this service
is therefore disallowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
AMOS AND J. E. KENDALL.
The bill for the relief of Amos and John E.
Kendall was announced as the next bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. EVANS objected to its consideration, and
it was passed over.
WILLIAM MILLER.
The hill for the relief of William Miller, re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
it directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Miller, of Livingston, county
of York, and State of Maine, on the roll of in-
valid pensioners, and pay to him a pension of
ninety-six dollars per annum, to commence on the
tenth of February, 1845, and continue during his
natural life.
William Miller enlisted in April, 1814, as a
private in the twenty-first regiment of infantry,
and, in July following, crossed with the regiment
from Black Rock into Canada. He assisted at the
capture of Fort Erie,and afte  wards at the battles
of Chippewa, CLueertsiown Heights, and Bridge-
water; but, having contracted a disease in the head,
producing frequent fits of epilepsy, to which he
had never before been subject, he was left, at the
close of that brilliant campaign, in the hospital at
Williamsvil]e,in a state of disability, from which
he has never recovered. It is proved, by the depo-
sitions of witnesses, who have known him from his
boyhood, that he entered the army with a robust
constitution, and in vigorous health. His attending
physician in the hospital, Dr. James Bates, then an
assistant surgeon in the army, and since a Repre-
sentative in Congress from the State of Maine, ex-
presses his belief* that the disability was occasioned
by exposure during the campaign, which he states
to have been one of the severest m that section of
the army that was experienceu during the war,
and that many hundreds thereby irrecoverably lost
their health. The epileptic fits, which first occurred
at the hospital at Wiliiamsvifle, are found to have
periodically returned, accompanied with vertigo,
and other symptoms of continued disease in the
head, by which Mr. Miller has become totally
disabled from supporting himself by manual labor.
Other respectable physicians concur in the opinion
expressed by the hospital surgeon, that this disa-
bility is owing to the disease contracted by ex-
posure while in the army.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
