1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Mr. HAMLIX presented a memorial of mer-
chants and sbip-ownets of Belfast, in the State of
iVi.unc, praying an appropi lation for the election
of a custom-house at that place; which was re-
feired to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of IsaacS.
Bowman, praying to be allowed half pay, in con-
sideration of the services of ins father, Isaac Bow-
man, during the war of the Revolution; winch was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I present the memorial
of J. Lewis;, and others, citizens of southern Iowa,
in which they respectfully call the attention of
Congress to a memorial already presented,adopted
at a great mass railroad convention, held at the
city of Port Madison, Iowa, the 9rh of September,
1853, asking for a donation of public land to aid
m the construction of the Fort Madison, West
Point, Kesauqua, and Bioomfield railroad. The
petitioners desire the early and favorable consid-
eration of Congress on the subject. They al.so
request, if along any part of the loute of the satd
ruiiroud there should be no public lands, that
Consress will grant a like portion of land prayed
for m said memorial as will he equivalent, in some
part of the public domain in that State. I move
its reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I present, also, the
petition of Charles Gordon, in which the memo-
rialist states that he whs employed under the res-
olution of the Senate of February 28, 18:23, for
about seven years as draughtsman, and continued
in the employment of the Committee on Public
Lands, under resolutions of the Senate of July
1836, and .Tune 28, 1838, until March 4. 1839,
when the Senate passed a resolution rescinding all
resolutions authorizing the compilation of manu-
script maps for the Senate, but saving to the
persons employed m that business their right to
compensation for all work actually done. The
petitioner also states that the Senate having ad-
journed, and he having nine maps of the land
States then in mathematical construction, and also
a balance of money due him of S3,]()(), certtun
members of the committee and other s advised him
to continue the work until the following session of
Confess. The petitioner did so; the maps were
put m complete older and delivered to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, m eonfoimity with their
order, and the committee expressed much satis-
faction at the draughting and labor done. The
memorialist therefore piays that he be paid the
amount due him, agieeably to an account annexed
to the memorial, it bein^c at the same rate of com-
pensation paid by the Senate, und^r the ordets
aforesaid, no part of winch having been paid him.
I move that the petition, together with the papers
already on file in regard to the same subject, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, also presented the
petition of citizens of Wnukon, Iowa, praying
the establishment <>f a mail route fiom Ros.svillt
to that place; winch was referied to the Commit-
tee on the Post Cilice and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented s memorial of the
citizens of Washington and Georgetown, praying
an appropriation for the purchase of a site and the
erection of a custom-house, for the District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
President and Secretary of the La Crosse and Mil-
waukee R.aihou.d Company, asking a grant of laud
for the construction of a railroad between tin xe two
p-unt.-'; winch wusrefeiied to the Committee on
Public Land^.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of Crans-
toun Laurie, a cleik in the Post Office Depart-
ment, oraying compensation for extia seiv.ces;
which was referied to the Committee on the Post
Office and Poet Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the commissioners appointed by the State
of Wisconsin to locate and select snhne lands in
that State, pitying the relinquishment to the
Slate, for the benefit *of the University of Wis-
consin, of certain salt springs and lands; which j
was referred to the Commutee on Pablic Lands.
M'\ PEARCE presetted the memorial of John
B. Kerr, late Oha-.^e d'Affaires, praying compen-
sation for ofiieicd services under commissions to
other Republics in Central America, apart from
Xicaragua; which was referred to the Committee j
, on Foieign Relations.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the resolution of the
■ Senate, directing it to inquire mto the expediency
! of making Brunswick, n  the State of Georgia, a
port of entry, reported a bill for that and for other
purposes; winch was read a first time, and ordered
: to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which was j
| referred the bill to provide for the establishment i
of a marine hospital at St. Maik's State of Flor-
ida, reported the same back, with the recommend-
ation that it pass. !
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN,a letter from the
Treasury Depa tment on the subject, was ordered
to be printed with the bill.
Mr. MALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, io which was referred the petition of Sam-
uel Nicknm, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
Vie also, from the same committee, to which was
refeired the petition of Thomas Pember, reported
a bill for his relief; which was read a first tune,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GWIN, fiom the Committee on JYaval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of ;
Harriet Ward, piaymg that her pension may be
extended back to the period of the death of her
husband, asked to be dischaiged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred documents in reference to the claim
of Thomas }). Parsons to ai rears of pension,
asked to bedischarged fiomtheir further consider-
ation, and that they be refeued to the Committee
on Pensions; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the Committee on NnVal Affairs,
to which the subject was referred, repot ted a bill for
the i eiief of the widows and orphans of the officers
and seamen of the United States schooner Gram-
pus, who weie lost, in that vessel in March, 1843,
near the coast of the United States; which was read
a fust time, and ordered to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of M. fv. War-
rington and C.St. J. Chubb, executors of Captain
L. Warrington,ami others, leported back thcbame
without amend me nt.
Mr. ALLEN, fiom the Committeeou Pensions,
to which wet e i el en ed the following pet it ions, sub-
mitted adverse lepoi ts thereon, which were ordered
to tie printed:
The petition of Alexander Waugh, adnnnistra-
torof George Wau'ih;
The petition of William Bowmer; and
The petition of Catherine Weaver.
lit- aNo, for the same committee, to which was
referred the petition ol Mose* Olmste.ul, praying
a pension m consideration of injutus received in
the war of Isp2, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill fot his i ehof; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
The report w,i- oidered to be printed.
Mr. PISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
far.s, to which was referred the petition of Mrs.
Julia AT. Lawreore, reported a hill for the relief
of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia; which
was read a first tune, and oidered to a second
reading.
He also, fiom the same committee, to which
was refeired the petition of the American Medical
Association, praying the enactment of a law to
compel the ct^ry ing of a surgeon on boaid of emi- j
«r<uit ve.-seHFcairvmg a certain number of seamen ij
and passengeis, asked to he discharged fiom its ]
further comMdr-iation, and that u be refeired to the j!
Select Committee on the subjec' of the mortality m
emigsant vessels; which was agreed to. j
' He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memoual of William Ballard, praying j
lhat certain impro\eme/its made by him m the ;j
construction of steam-ve-^eis, may be tested in jj
Government vcs°e!s, asked to be discharged from
its consideration, and that it be ordered to he upon J
the table; whu Si was agreed to. j
NOTICES OF BILLS. ,]
Mr. WELL! •311 gave notice of his intention to !j
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for a semi- ||
monthly mad between the Atlantic and Pacific
ocean, via Nicaragua.
Mr. NOR RlSgave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the pro-
prietors of the Washington Centeteiv.
Mr. M\LL0RY gave notice of ins intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
sale of reserved lands m certtun cases.
Mr. DOUGLAS Save notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the sale
of reserved land.?, and for other puiposes.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, in accordance with previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to repeal an act entitled "An act concerning ton-
nage duties on Spanish vessels;" which was read
twice by its title, and refeired lo the Committee on
Commeiee.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was
Or'ten'J, That the petition of John R Pre-dier hr  with-
diawn fjom the Jilt's of the Senate, ami i efui icii totheOom-
niiUee on .Pensions.
On motion by Mr. NORTHS, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of citizens of Washington,
Di-tnet of Columbia, pr.ivin<* the removal of the fotmiv
1-nl. be withdiawn ttorn ilie hi of tin* Senate, and interred
to the Cumnimoc on the I)i-mct of C oliunhta.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Oulned, That the petition of Fianeisen Lope TTrriza he
withdrawn fiom the files ot the Senate, and reiened to me
Committee on I'oum^d Relations.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IN CHILf.
Mr. BKLL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcinfred, Tli.it the Piesidont tie i eipitMed to eonimuin-
cito to the Senate, H in In*, judgment not iiteoinnanble with
the public inteiest, copies o! the eoiiespomh'nce between
the Legation of the United States and the Government at
Chili, in i c hit !< n to the i tuple-,' merit, ot forcible abd notion of
tour seamen from the United Stale*, whale -hip Addison,
in the poit of Valparaiso in October, 18,"}'); and also in the
(mm- ol William A. Stuait, an Ann t <can (ilizcn, who wan
inipt isonctl :it Valparaiso upon a ohm-ie of murder, and, on
conviction, was released by the Chilian authorities.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Special
Committee on the subject of the Pjicificradroad, to
leport the following resolution, and ask for its
consideration at tins time:
Resolved, That the Select Committee, appointed on the
fotn ill in-tant, upon the subject of a raihoad between the
Mt^is-appi liver and the Pacific ocean, be authorized to
einpho a clerk, who --hall iceene the same late of eotti-
pen-aliou as that allowed to olhei eletks of <.omnuttecs of
the Senate
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion : which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
/'eso'nd. That the Committee on Retrenchment and
Rijlorm hcautho'i/.eii to employ a clerk.
ADMISSION ON SENATE FLOOR.
Mr. BADGICR. In pursuance of a notice which
1 gave .some (lays a^o, I submit a resolution for
amending the 4tfth rule of the Senate, which I ask
may be printed. ( inve notice that I shall also
ask the Senate to take it up a day or two hence.
The resolution was read ok follows, (the words
within brackets being proposed additions to the
rule:)
JlaolTh:o the -10rh ) u!e. of tfic Senate he amended
to read as follow- :
AH The lollowin^ person-, ami none nihej*. -hall he ad-
mutt d on ihe llooi of the Senate- Members ol (lie llnijso
ol Ueprc-"iitativev, ami their Cleil<; the tfccu'iarv of Slate,
ihe Secretary ot the Trea-ury. the Secret,sr\ of the Inferior,
the Set reint}' of War. ihe r<e( letai v of the NTavy, the At-
tonu'v (J<-neral, ,iml the I'ostmastet General; the private
Seeretai} Of the IJ1 esulelit, Chaplain- to Ci>ll«l e-><. J Hi lyes
of the United States, fotei«n Maw-ITS and their seereta;ie.- ;
("Mini-tt r - oMhe F Tin ted States- to forei-in Governments, and
their secretaries, and persons who have been such Minia-
te i >• ot -eot etaues .] ofheer*: who, !>} name, have roe* ived,
oi sh.UI hereafter receive* the thank-of Control j,(, th«'ir
i.[fi!lanti\ and yood oon<hict in the servicc of ffj<*i  I'ountiv,
or u ho ImI\ e leeeiwd un dais by a vote of Con^re-^, tin1
(iovernoi, lor the tftne bene, of any State or Teiritorv oi
die Union; the e\ O'overnoi-ofr}i'j-everal Slates; [.hnl-jes
of the com ts of u:cordoi Ihe -cveial States, ami pei-ons
who ha\e hehi ttio-e otfices -J lis-' "V ofhcei- ,>i tite S« u-
ate: Mich gentlemen a-have been heat! • of Depntism nts,
- relate—, iks, [ Serjeants at-A Mn-'.] ( r ni"niher- of
eitiui liMiieh oi'Con^i-'s-i per-on- lot ihetim" he-ng,
hi lot,^ to til" ie-pecri\t' rotate .n ('• 'f'-iu on.i! U< ^.o-laune.-;
and pt i.-ons f«dui.j:!i<Lr to stn-h Le;-i-launes <>j foreign Gov-
ernmenis as are in aunty vaih tlio United States.
