1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
LEMUEL HUDSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the House bill for the relief of Lemuel
Hudson.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to cause the name of Lemuel Hudson,
formerly surgeon of the twelfth regiment, fourth
brigade, New York militia, iu the war of 1812,
to be entered on the pension rolls, and pay to him
the sum of twenty-two dollars per month, during
his natural life, commencing January 1, 1852.
Lemuel Hudson was a surgeon in the twelfth
regiment, fourth brigade, New York militia, com-
manded by Colonel John T. Van Dolfsen, which
was ordered by Governor Tompkins to march
from Albany county, New York, to Sackett's
Harbor, in the summer of 1812. The regiment
marched from Albany county on or about the 15th
of August, 1812, and was accompanied by Hudson,
then a stout and healthy man, as surgeon. When
at the town of Champion, Jefferson county, thirty
miles from Sackett's Harbor, the regiment was
overtaken by a heavy storm of snow and sleet,
which continued for a long time, and left three or
four inches of snow on the ground, which lay for
several days. The soldiers were unprovided with
suitable clothes to withstand the inclemency of the
weather, and much hardship and sickness ensued
in consequence. Mr. Hudson was the only sur-
geon in the regiment, and his arduous professional
services, together with exposuie to the wet and
cold, threw him into a fever, which confined him
to bed a long time; and when he arose from his
bed,his constitution was shattered^—the fever had
settled in his left hip, producing lameness, which
has continued ever since, increasing with increas-
ing years, until he is now totally disabled. He
refrained from asking for a pension as long as he
was able to make a living by the practice of his
profession; but he is now an old man, unable,
from the disability so contracted, to procure the
necessaries of life, and therefore now asks the aid
of his country.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed
GEORGE S. CLAFLIN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
is one from the House of Representatives, for the
relief of George S. Claflin, on which the Senate
Committee on Pensions have made an adverse re-
port.
Mr. STUART. Then let it be passed over.
JAMES F. GREEN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of James F. Green,
of Pennsylvania.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of J. F. Green, of Bradford
county, Pennsylvania, upon the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence February 1, 1850, and to continue during
his natural life.
It appears, from the petition of Mr. Green and
the testimony of two of his fellow-soldiers, that
he was drafted in Orange county, New York, on
the 10th of August, 1814, and mustered into ser-
vice as a member of Captain Halleck s company,
of Colonel Belknap's regiment, on the 18th of
August, 1814; that he was marched to, and sta-
tioned at, Harlem Heights, and while stationed
there, and in the line of his duty, he had his right
knee crushed and the bone fractuied. lie was
ordered out by his commanding officer to assist in
removing some rocks, preparatory to pitching their
tents. He was upon the end of a long and heavy
lever that they were using in prizing up the rock;
the lever gave way and fell, catching and crushing
his rio-ht knee under it, causing him great pain and
totally disabling him from service for some five
■weeks, which time he remained in the hospital.
About this time he partially recovered, and was
enabled to continue in service until the 3d of De-
cember, at which time he was dischaiged, his
term of service having expired. It appears from
the testimony that the disability resulting from the
injury has continued and increased; and from the ^
testimony of two surgeons, it appears that owing ,
to the injury Green is totally disabled from pio-
curing a support by manual labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
J. B. KERR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill making
compensation to John Bozman Kerr, for diplo-
matic services in Central America, is the next
upon the Calendar.
Mr. EVERETT. That subject has already
been disposed of by the Senate. The bill was
moved as an amendment to the deficiency bill,
and was adopted. I move, therefore, that it he
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LLEWELLYN WASHINGTON.
The bill for the relief of Llewellyn Washing-
ton, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Llewellyn Washington, §205 62,
for services as a clerk m the Post Office Depart-
ment from the 1st of May, 1851, until the 14th of
July of the same year.
Llewellyn Washington was employed as a tem-
porary clerk in the dead letter office from the 1st
of May, 1851, until the 14th of July of the same
year, at the rate of $1,000 per annum. The Post-
master General, among his estimates sent to the
Treasury Department, asked for $205 62, for the
payment of the amount due to Mr. Llewellyn
Washington, but from some cause, no appropria-
tion was made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engiossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
GENERAL R. B. MASON.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason, reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. . ,
It proposes to enact that all the provisions of
the act approved February 3, 1853, "for the relief
of Brevet Brigadier General Riley, and to enable
him to settle his accounts with the United States,"
be applied to the heirs of Brigadier General
Richard B. Mason, in reference to all moneys
raised and collected by him for contributions,
penalties, internal assessments, duties, or other
objects, in California, from June 1, 1847, to April
15, 1849; and to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department, in settling
the accounts of General Mason, to allow as a
credit, a commission of one and a half per cent,
upon the moneys so raised, collected, and dis-
bursed by him while he was Governor of Califor-
nia, during the time stated.
General Mason succeeded General Kearny in
command in California, June 1, 1847, and con-
tinued in command until April 15, 1849, when he
was relieved by General Riley. A tempoiary
civil government was organized on the conquest,
at the head of which was the military officer m j
command. The government continued of neces-
sity after the close of the war, and General Mason
continued to act as governor, until succeeded by
General Riley, who exercised the same functions
until the organization of the State government,
December 20, 1849. _ ... ,•
Durin - the war, the collection of duties on arti-
cles imported into that country had been made as
a military contribution, under authority from the
War Department. I his authority ceasing with
the termination of the war, General Mason then
determined to enforce the United States tariff, and
to levy duties in the same manner as in the es-
tablished collection districts of the United States.
These collections were continued by ^®neral
Riley, and the accounts of both General Mason
and General Riley were authorized to be settled
by the act of 5th February, 1853, for the relief of
General Riley. . • ,
It seems only just that the same commission as
was allowed to General Riley for the collections
and disbursements made "by him, whiie civil gov-
ernor of California, should also be given to the
heirs of General Mason for similar services.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
RULIF VAN BRUNT.
The next bill on the Calendar was one for the
relief of Rulif Van Brunt.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to discuss that
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will, be
passed over.
ISAAC P. SIMONTON.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Isaac P. Simonton was the next upon the
Calendar.
Mr. STUART. I move to lay that bill on the
table. I wish to look into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If objection be
made, the bill must be passed over.
Mr. STUART. My motion is that the bill lie
upon the table.
Mr. PETTIT. The Senator can object to the
bill and have it passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands objection to be made. The bill must
therefore go over.
MADISON PARTON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, for the relief of Madison Parton.
It is designed to confer upon the accounting
officers of the Treasury authority to ascertain
whether Madison Parton has been paid for all the
militaryservic.es rendered by him to the United
States from the 8th of August 1837, till the 8th of
February, 1838, by examining the proper officers
and other persons, as well as the proper rolls, of
the company to which he belonged; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is directed to pay such
sum of money as may be found to be due.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HORACE SOUTHMAYD AND SON.
The bill for the relief of Horace Southmayd
& Sun, reported from the Committee on Finance,
was read a second time.
11 proposes to require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund to Horace Southmayd and Son the
amount of drawback to which they would have
been entitled, upon the shipment of foreign duti-
able goods, shipped by them from New York to
Tampico,in the schooner Mary Cathaitne, which
cleared at New York on the 7th of April, 1847, as
would have been allowed if those foreign goods
had been shipped to some foreign port or place m
any country with which the United States were in
anMr. STUART. I object to the consideration
of that bill until I can have an opportunity to look
into the principle on which it is founded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
ROBERT SEWALL.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of the late Robei t Sewall, reported from the
Committee on Claims, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury be directed to audit the claim of the heirs and
representatives of the late Robert Sewall, and de-
termine the amount that may be due to them, and
report the amount to the Secretary of the ireas-
urv, who is required to cause it to be paid.
In August, 1814, when the British forces were
marchingupon theCapitol, some men oftheAmer-
lcan troops, with their arms and ammunition, took
possession of a brick house belonging to the
1 father of the petitioner, and for the time converted
I it into a place of military defense. As the British
1 troops approached the house, they werefired upon
by the party in the house and horee of Gen-
eral Ross and one of his men were killed. U""er
these circumstances, the house was attacked,
taken, and burnt by the enemy, and some of the
American party were taken prisoners, and among
them, as stated by one of the witnesses, was an
ATheCbMl°warreported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
S. R. ADDISON.
The bill for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison,
passed assistant surgeon in the United States IS avy,
reported from the Committee on Naval Aftairs,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. . «
It proposes to direct the accounting officers ot
i tlie Treasury to pay to Assistant Surgeon Addison,
