870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
the difference of pay between that of bis grade and
a burgeon, from April 4,1848, until June 21,1850,
being the period daring which he served as sur-
geon on board the United States sloop-of-war
Saint Mary's.
The bill was jeported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
MANUEL HERNANDEZ.
The bill for the relief of Manuel Hernandez,
reported from the Committee on Private Land
.Claims, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Manuel Hernandez to
locate, not exceeding eight hundred arpens ofland,
French measure, according to the legal subdivi-
sions, on any of the public lands in the State of
Florida, subject to private entry, which shall be
in full compensation for all the damages he may
have sustained in being dispossessed of eight hun-
dred arpens of land, about three miles distant from
the mouth of the Escambia river, lying between
the lands of Joseph Noriega and those of the free
mulatto named Charles, being the same lands that,
were granted to Joseph Hernandez, deceased, by
the Spanish Government, on the 8th of October,
1817; and further to authorize the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to issue a patent for
the amount mentioned.
Joseph Hernandez settled upon and cultivated
certain lands lying on the bay of Pensacola, and
applied, by petition, to the pioper authorities of
Spain for a grant of those lands which were de-
scribed as being " about three miles distant from
the mouth of the Escambia river, lying and situ-
ate between the lands of Joseph Noriega and those
of the free mulatto named Charles;" that the usual
proceedings were had,and the properdecrees were
made, under date of 8th October, 1817, for per-
fecting the grant of ei^ht hundred arpens of land
to him, but there was no actual survey of the land
until after the change of Government in 1821. He
filed his claim beforethecommissioners appointed
to adjust private land chums in the Territory of
Florida, and on the 29th of April, 18*24, the com-
missioners examined the claim, and, as appears
from the indorsement on the back of the original
grant from the Spanish Government, by the secre-
tary of the commissioners, and also from the affi-
davit of the secretary, Joseph E. Coro, the claim
was confirmed by the commissioners; 14 but that,
by "mistake, no record of confirmation was made,
and the said claim was not embraced in any of the
abstracts of the commissioners' reports."
Hernandez departed this life, and Manuel Her-
nandez was duly appointed his administrator, and
as such administrator sold and conveyed the tract
of lmd to one Pin Mdlan de la Carrer.i, as ap-
pears from a duly certified copv ol the deed, dated
7th August, 1837; and Oarrera, on the 2d Sep-
tember, 1837, sold and conveyed by deed to tiie
petitioner, Manuel Hernandez, the lands.
it also appears that, after the survey of the lands
in the Territory of Florida, by the Government
of the United States, that one William L. Booth
entered the lands as public lands, and that an ac-
tion of ejectment was brought against Booth, in
the circuit court of Escambia ooimty, by Manuel
Hernandez, which suit he failed to sustain. The
petitioner now asks the right to locate lands equal
in quantity to the lands of which he was dispos-
sessed. The committee believe, from the evidence,
that the commissioners did confirm to Joseph
Hernandez eight hundred arpens of land, although
they made no record of such confirmation; and
that, as he has been dispossessed of the lands in
question, justice would require that he should be
authorized to locate an equal quantity of lands, on
any of the public lands, within the State of Flo-
rida, subject to private entry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
SYLVANUSCULVER.
The bill for the relief of Sylvanus Culver, re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct a land warrant for one hun-
dred acres to be issued to Sylvanus Culver, the
only surviving heir of John Pearson, deceased,
in lieu of a land warrant for one hundred acres,
issued April, 19,1806, to Samuel Pearson, in trust
for himself and the other heirs of John Pearson,
deceased, who was a private in the New York
continental line, and which warrant has been lost
or destroyed.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the bill wasamend-
ed by inserting after4' one hundred," where it first
occurs, the words " and twenty."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, lead a
third time, and passed.
JEAN BAPTISTE BEAUBIEN.
The bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Beau-
bien, reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to issue a patent or pat-
ents to Jean Baptiste Beaubien, for the following
lots as described and numbered on the survey and
plat of the Fort Deaiborn addition to Chicago, m
the Stale of Illinois, made under the order of the
Secretaty of War, and now on file in the War
Office: Lots numbeied one, two, three, four, five,
and six, of block number four; all that part of lots
numbered eight and nine, block number two,
which lies south of the line of excavation, author-
ized by the act of Congress, approved July 21,
1852; and all that part of lot number one, block
number five, that lies within the boundaries com-
mencing on the western line of said lot number
one, block five, at a point ten feet north of the
southern line thereof; thence east parallel with the
southern line two hundred and fifty feet to the
western boundary of the lands granted by the Uni-
ted States to the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany; thence north, along the western boundary
thirty-four feet to the northern line of lot number
one, block five; thence west along the northern
line two hundred and fifty feet to the northwest
corner thereof; thence south along the western line
thereof, thirty-four feet to the place of beginning.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS RHODES.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes, re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay $3,175 11 to Thomas Rhodes, in full
satisfaction for the expenses incurred by him in
opening and constructing a road from Mobile, in
! Alabama, to Pascagoula Bay, for the transporta-
! tion of the mail, in the year 1828, in pursuance of
: an implied uuthonty and contract from the Post-
! master General.
; The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
i reading, was read a third time, and passed.
I ROBERT JOYNER.
The bill for the relief of Robert Joyner, re-
I ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs, was
i read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
| tee of the Whole.
i It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to credit Robert Joyner,-n
the adjustment of his accounts as naval store-
keeper at the Pensacola yard, with the sum of
$662 43, being; the amount of the cost of sundry
articles of clothing and small stores which were
stolen from the public store under his charge at
the yard.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to hear the report
rend. It appears to be a rather extraordinary
case.
The report was accordingly read.
In Aoril last one of the warehouses connected
i with the navy-yard, in which the public clothing
and small stores were deposited,under the custody
, of Mr. Joyner, was clandestinely entered at differ-
ent periods and articles stolen, the cost of which
is estimated at $662 43. A committee of officers,
j appointed by the commandant for that purpose,
; fully investigated the circumstances, and the result
| of the investigation, and the testimony of-other
j officers, show, to the satisfaction of the committee,
| that the loss was not occasioned by any inatten-
; tion to duty or negligence on the part of thestore-
| keeper, but was owing to the insecurity of the
' store-rooms. The correspondence and evidence
in the case were referred to the Secre'ary of the
Navy, who declined to afford relief without the
authority of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PAYMASTERS' CLERKS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
upon the Calendar is one for the relief of pay-
masters' clerks who served in Mexico, which has
been reported adversely from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. STUART. Pass that over.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to concur in the
adverse report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the opinion that if objection be made the bill
must be passed over.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I move its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 think it ought not
to be indefinitely postponed. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs who reported
it is not here.
Mr. STUART. If there be any desire to have
it acted upon, I shall raise the question that it is
not a private bill at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that objection being made, the bill must
go over.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
JAMES ERWIN.
The bill for the relief of James Erwin, of Ar-
kansas, and others, reported from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
investigate,audit, allow,and pay to James Erwin,
of Arkansas, a fair and full remuneration for the
| actual losses he sustained in consequence of a con-
I tract he made with the United States in September,
j 1834, to supply provisions and transportation for
! the use of the Creek Indians expected to emigrate
: from the eastern to the western side of the Missis-
; sippi river, but who did not emigrate; and further,
1 to direct the Secretary of War to investigate,
audit, allow, and pay to James Erwin, and to the
heirs or legal representatives of Daniel Greathouse,
deceased, a full and fair remuneration for the actual
losses sustained in consequence of a contract made
by Erwin and Greathouse, in his lifetime, and the
United States, in December, 1835, for the same
purpose, but with the provision that in estimating
the loss in either case, the Secretary of War shall
first ascertain the actual cost of delivering the sev-
eral articles named in the contract at the places
appointed for their delivery, and then what they
j could have been sold for at auction, or otherwise,
! in the hands of a prudent agent, and that the differ-
ence, if any, shall be considered the sum actually
lost.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON subsequently said: Since the
filing of the papers in this case, James Erwin has,
to my knowledge,died; and the bill should be for
the relief of his heirs and legal representatives.
I ask, by unanimous consent, that the bill may be
amended accordingly.
Mr. BADGER. Insert " personal representa-
tives."
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
made.
A. G. BENNETT.
| The bill for the relief of A. G. Bennett, reported
| from the Committee on Military Affairs was read
| a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
j It proposes to direct the proper accounting
■ officers of the Treasury Department, in settling the
| accounts of Albert G. Bennett, paymaster in the
I United States Army, to allow him credit for what-
i ever sum of money he may prove, to the satisfac-
| tion of the Secretary of War, to have been lost
! by him by the burning of the steamboat Yolante,
| between Vicksburg and Yazoo City, November 15,
• 1853, the amount not to exceed $i,2Sl 80.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
URI EMMONS'S PATENT.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of the late
