1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14.
of this bill, he would not make any objection to
my motion. It has passed the Senate four differ- j
em times," and has been before the House since j
1837. It simply refers to the title of a small piece '
of land on the Alabama river. It will not take j
five minutes to have it passed. I
FAULKNER. I wgu$ remark to the 1
gentleman from Alabama, that if he renews his |
motion after the call of the committees has been
concluded, I will make no objection.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Then I ask to with-
draw the bill.
The bill was withdrawn.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af- j
fairs, reported a bill " authorizing the Secretary j
of the Treasury to pay John Charles Fremont for j
beef furnished to the California Indians;" which j
was read a first and second time by its title, re- !
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and >
ordered to be punted. i
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on 1
Military Affairs, reported back bill of the Senate ;
(No. 324) " for the relief of Seneca G. Simmons," :
with a recommendation that it do not pass. j
Ordered, That said hill lie on the table and be punted. j
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, reported j
the following1 bills; winch were read a first and j
second time by their respective titles, referred to a j
Committee of the Whole House, and oideredto;
be printed: t I
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury i
to settle the account of Thomas Jordan, assistant !
quartermaster in the United States Army; and |
A bill for the settlement of the claims of W. P. <
Buekner and Pierce Crosby, passed midshipmen |
in the United States Navy. i
Mr. SOLLERS, from the Committee on Naval |
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation ;
that it do pass. Senate bill (No. 205,) " for the re- ;
lief of S. R. Addison, parsed assistant surgeon in j
the United Slates Army;" which was refened to i
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered J
to be printed.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 ask leave to present the ;
petition of Captain Charles Williamson. j
A Mt.mbkr. 1 object. !
The SPEAKER. It is objected to; but unde j
the rule", it can be presented at the Clerk's desk, j
and referred. [
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Rev-1
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports on the !
following petitions; which reports were laid on |
the table, and ordered to be printed: j
The petition of Mary Young:, praying that a i
pension may be granted to her husband, and the
other heirs ami legal representatives of William
Leiigett, a soldier m the ievolutionary war; and
The petition of citizens of Philadelphia, asking
that the half pay of revolutionary officers duiing
their lives be allowed to tlieirdehceiuhmts, deduct-
ing the amount, received an commutation.
M r. ELLISON, from I he same committee, made
an adver.se report on the petition and papers of
Joel Kelsey, ayking for a pension; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported b.ils of the follow-
ing titles; which were read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to he printed:
A bill for the relief of William Chittenden;
A bill for the relief of William Gove;
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Pieice; and
A bill for the relief of William Parker.
Mr. S., from the same committee, made adverse
reports upon the petitions in the following cases;
which were laid upon the table, and the committee
discharged from their further consideration:
The petition of Thomas G. Brown, of Tennes-
see, praying for a pension, on account of disability
incurred from exposure in the military service of
the United States, in the war of 1812;
The petition of Thomas Byron, for pension, or
other compensation for his services rendered during
the war of 1812;
The petition of Thomas Whinney, of the State
of Tennessee, prating for a pension, on account
of the disability incurred from exposure and fatigue
in the rmiifarv service of the United States during
the war of 181*2;
The petH'on of William J. Sears, an invalid
pensioner, asking for an increase of pension;
The petition of James Small wood, of Clark
county, Indiana, praying to be placed upon the j
pension roll, or such other relief as Congress may j
grant; ,
The petition of Hopestill Bigalow, of Yates j
county, New York, praying for an increase of j
pension; < j
The petition of Elijah Frye,„of Bath, Maine, j
praying for a pension for his services in the war !
of 1812; |
The petition of Solomon Honey, of the county j
of Middlesex, Massachusetts, an invalid pen- j
sioner of the war of 1812, praying for an increase i
of pension;
The petition of Charles Bissell, of Stafford coun
ty, Virginia, praying for a pension, in consideration I
of his services in the war of 1812; and
The petition of William W. Diche, a soldier
in the Mexican war, praying for an increase of |
pension.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back the petitions and papers in the following
cases; which were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions:
The petition of Tabitha Lester, for a pension;
and
The petition of Jane Gaston, of South Caro-
lina, widow of Joseph Gaston, praying that the
invalid pension granted to her husband in his
lifetime may be also granted to her.
Mr. EDMANDS, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions and papers j
in the following cases; which were laid upon the j
table, and the committee discharged from the j
further consideration thereof: ;
The claim of Wyman Badger, of Pennsylvania, ;
for arreais of pension: j
The petition of Junies Cowley, an invalid of the !
war of 1812, praying for a pension; !
The petition of Augustus Cooper, a citizen of [
Woicester, Massachusetts, praying for a pen- i
aion; , !
The petition of Edward Cotter, a soldier in the J
Black Hawk war, who lost his sight in the ser- j
vice of the country, praying for a pension; j
The petition of Ehtis Bulloch, a soldier in the j
war of 1812, praying for a pension;
The petition of Zerah Whitney, of Michigan,
a soldier in the war of 1812, praying for a pen-
sion; and
The petition of Elizabeth Van Ranst, widow of
John Van Ranst, ofSackett's Harbor, New York,
who died in the United States service during the
war of 1812, asking for a pension.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill u for the reliefofZelia Rawson;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CHRISM AN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following petitions;
which were laid upon the table, and the commit-
tee discharged from the Anther consideration
thereof:
The petition of Voucher Bonzitiska and others,
citizens of the State of Tennessee, praying Con-
gress to grant him a pension for disabilities in-
curred by him in the late war with Great Britain;
and
The petition of Wiliiam Strong, a soldier in the
Mexican war, asking for a pension.
Mr. BANKS. 1 ask the consent of the House
to report, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
a bill " to refund the balance due to Massachu-
setts for disbursements during the lute war with
Great Britain," for the purpose of having it re-
ferred.
Mr. OLDS. That is not a private claim.
Mr. BANKS. I am aware that it is not, but
I ask the consent of the House to report it.
There being no objection, the bill was received,
read a first and second time by Us title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURSTON, from the CommitteeonPat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported back Senate
bill, No. 260, entitled " An act for the relief of
Gideon Hotchkiss," with a recommendation that
itdo pass. The bill was referred to a Committeeof
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be ptinted.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the following petition; which was
laid upon the table, and, with the accompanying
reports, ordered to be printed:
Petition of Zebulon and Austin Parker, for ex-
tension of two patents.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
Mr. COBB. It ia possible that the proposition
I design Submitting, may be regarded as of agen-
eral character. If it be so regarded, then I shall ask
unanimous consent to allow me to introduce and
put it on its passage. From an examination of
the Calendar, and a knowledge of the few weeks
left of this session, all must conclude that Con-
gress will adjourn, leaving two or three hundred
bills unacted on. To prevent reinvestigation of all
these cas'es at the next short session, 1 now move,
as I have done for several yeais past, that the bills
which remain on the Calendar at the close of the
present session, unacted on, be placed on next ses-
sion's Calendar, and considered in the order in
which they were left; that the unfinished business
shall go over, and stand as though there had been
no adjournment. Every member is interested in
the matter, and I trust there will be no objection
to the proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the contingency to which the gentleman
refers is provided for under the rules.
TheSPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman ftom Alabama, that
the unfinished business of this session go over,
and be taken up at the next session, as though
there had been no adjournment?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask that the 21st joint rule
be read.
Mr. HAVEN. And I ask the reading of the
22d rule.
Mr. COBB. I have no particular interest in the
proposition. I have only one bill upon the Cal-
endar. I hope the Speaker will explain the effect
of what I propose when the rules indicated have
been read to the House.
The 21st joint rule was read, as follows:
u AfU'i «ix dnvs from the commencement of a second, oi
subsequent session of Congress, all bilN, resolutions, or
reports, which originated in either House, and ai the close
of the next preceding -e^ion lemained undetermined in
either Iloii'-e, shall be resumed and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place."
Mr. COBB. I have reduced my proposition to
writing, and ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That all hills, resolutions and other matter re-
ferred to the standing comnutteesof ihis House, upon which
no report shall have been made at this session, shall be re-
turned informally to ihe Clerk* and shall, by virtue of this
resolution, stand recommitted at the commencement of the
next se^ion, to said committees,into whose possession the
Clerk is hereby duected to restore them.
Mr. COBB. I hope the Speaker will explain
the object of that resolution.
TheSPEAKER. The joint rule embraces all
bills. This resolution embraces reports and other
matters.
The question was then taken on the resolution;
and it was ugieed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report Senate bill.for the " re-
lief of David Myerle," ordered to be reported,
but which was not here when the Committee on
Naval Affairs was called.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
it will be received, and referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Would it not be in order
to move to put it upon its passage. It has passed
the Senate three times, and this House twice, 1
believe.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. 3\1ACE, it was
Ordered, That he have leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the paper* in the case of John J. Ball, for the
purpose of reteience, leaving copies on tile.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to intioduce the
following resolution, in reference to an important
document sent to us yesterday by the President
of the United States, and which I ask may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed and bound ten thousand
copies of the repoit, and five hundred copies of the obser-
vations of the United States Astronomical expedition to
Chili, five hundied copies of the repoit and observations
for the me of the Navy Department, and two hundred and
fifty copies for the Superintendent, and the remainder for
the use of the members ot the House, the said work to be
printed and bound by the public printer, and bound in
