872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
rule, and 1 hope the previous question will not be
seconded.
The SPEAKER. The previous question would
cut off the motion to postpone, but not that to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. OEiR. But that is not the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
such a motion is pending.
Mr ORR. But the motion to postpone is not
debatable; and I understand that the House is
brought to a direct vote upon that question.
The SPEAKER. That will be the first ques-
tion before the House, if the previous question is
not seconded; but if it is, the motion will be cut
off.
Mr. ORR. Then I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the bill do lie upon
the table.
Mr. McMULLTN. Can the Chair entertain
that motion while there was pending a motion that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. A motion was made to com-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Then came a motion that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed; and
after that, a motion that the bill do he upon the
table. The Chair conceives the latter motion to
be in order.
Mr. CHURCH WELT,. I hope that ihe motion
will be voted down, and that the bill will, at least,
be allowed to live for three weeks. I demand the
yeas and nays on the question.
[Cries of44 No;" " Call for tellers."]
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I withdraw the call
for yeas and nays, and demand tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the bill do he upon the table; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 66, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercroifibie, Ball, Bell, Boyco, Bridges,
Carpenter, Onriuheis, Chrisman. Crocker, Curtis, John (J.
Duvi-, Thomas Davis, T)aw. on, Dean, Drum, Dunbar,
Eastman, ftdrmimison, JCtheridge, Farloy, flagloi. Grow,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Mains, Haven,
Hem), Hiestor, Hill, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
J. Clancy Jones, Knit/,, Lamb, Lane, Lwclx-r, Limih'y,
Macdmiald, MoMulIni, Mntte.snn, Mayall, ATeaehani, Jolm
G. Miller, Morrison, JYIuiray, Andievv Oliver, Mouleeai
Oliver, Packer, Peck, Peckham, Phelps, Pratt, Robhins,
Ruffin, Sabin, Hevv.ud, Seymour, Skdton, CJornt Smith,
Gpoige W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Suatton, John J. Taylor,
Traev, Elhlm B. Wur-hlmme, Israel Washburn—G(>.
£TAY8—Messrs. Aiken, Appteton, Bnnkh, IJarkMlnle,
Bent-on, Bisseli, Bug#, Cnmpbell, Chandler, ChaMatn,
Churchwell, Clinginan, Cobb, Cook, Corvvm, Cov, Culloin,
Dent, Dickinson, Disney, Jinwriell, Krigcrion, Kllioir, tiili-
son, English, Kvmjiart, l< enion, Fuller. Gn-y, Andrew J.
Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, IfaMin:^, lhbbard,
Hngbes, Hunt, Kerr, Kniredge, Knox. Latham, Ijuuhley,
Mcl>oiigalJ,Mace, Maoy, Mav, Miller, Olds, Orr, Parker,
Pennington, John EViki «, Heady, UieliartU<>n, Hi.idle, Da-
vid Ritchie, Thomas Uitohey, ltowe, £age, Sapp, Shannon,
Shaw, Shower, Frederick P. Stanton, Kichant i!. Stanton,
lienor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G Taylor,
Thurston, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wade, WaNh, WelN,
John Wentworlh, Tnppan Wentworth, Daniel 13. Wright,
and Zolhuofler—78.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. LATHAM. I would ask the gentleman
to withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The question, even
then, would not be debatable.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. What is the state of
the question before the House J
The SPEAKER. Jt is on seconding the demand
for the previous question. There is a motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. There is also another mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain, which is not
debatable. j
Mr. LATHAM. Then 1 would ask thegentle-!
man to withdraw the motion to postpone, so that I j
may be heard on the subject. |
Mr. ORR. I will gratify the gentleman by with- j
drawing my motion, if the gentleman from Mary- j
land [Mr. Hamilton] will withdraw his call fori
the previous question, provided he will renew the '
motion to postpone when he has concluded the j
remarks he proposes to make. ;
Mr. HAMILTON. If the gentleman from ;
South Carolina will withdraw unconditionally the .
motion to postpone, I will withdraw the call for j
the previous question. I
Mr. ORR. I cannot withdraw the motion to
postpone to a day certain, unconditionally.
The question was then taken; and the House re-
fused to second the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion to postpone the consideration of the bill to
a day certain.
Mr. LATHAM. I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw that motion.
Mr. ORR. I do withdraw it> if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr, LATHAM. I will.
The SPEAKER. Then the question now is
on the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Speaker, the hill which
the House has under consideration now, is one
affecting so vitally the interests of my constitu-
ents, that I cannot consent it shall be disposed of
without having an opportunity of expressing what
I deem are the interests, not only of the State of
California, but of the General Government, in the
matter, i am not prepared to say that I am m
favor of the bill before the House in its details,
because I think that there might be a substitute
introduced which would more effectually carry
out what is intended.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McMul-
lin,] m ins remaiks on yesteiday, upon this bill,
took occasion to call the attention of the House to
the fact that the Post Office Department rs not
now a self-sustaining branch of the Government;
but thai, on the contiary, if is a tax on the
Treasury, and there has to bean annual appropii-
ation in order to meet the necessary expenditures.
However true that may be—and I am prepared
to indorse all of the sentiments he expressed—I
say, that one of the reasons why that very state
of things exists, so far as the mail between the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts is concerned, originates
m the law now in existence. The principle of this
bill is intended to remedy this defect; and, if it is
adopted by Congress, it will be found that it will
effect the very result which the gentleman desires,
to wit: that the Post Office Department shall be a
self-sustaining branch of the Government.
Now, what are the facts? At present the mail
is carried between the cities of New York and
San Francisco for $850,000 per annum. The
average length of time by the Panama route—by
which route the mail is carried—is about thirty
days. It has been done in twenty-five days; but
the average time will be found to be thirty days.
There are two large express companies, Adams
& Co. and Wells, Fargo & Co., which carry mail
matter by Nicaragua, charging from twenty-five
to fifty cents on a letter; and the trip is made m
twenty-two and twenty-three days. The result
is, that all commercial men throughout thecountry
avail themselves of these facilities, as the most ex-
peditious and the best calculated to cany outtheir
purpose, to wit: to expedite them in the delivery
of messages which materially affect their interests.
The mail matter, therefore, which is carried by
these express companies, amounts to about one
third of the regular United States mails; and thus
the Department is cut off from about one third of
its revenue, which goes to the maintenance of
these large express companies.
Now, what does this bill propose? It proposes
that when the Government ascertains that a mail
can be earned by any other route than the one
established, in a more expeditious manner, its
contract shall terminate with the existing route,
and shall be given to that route which will carry
it more expeditiously.
There are four routes between the Atlantic and
the Pacific now occupying the attention of men of
capital—the Panama route, the Nicaragua route,
the Tehuantepec route, and the route between
New Orleans, Vera Cruz, and Acapulco. 1 have
no doubt in my own mind that the mails will be
eventually carried in fifteen days. I believe that
the mail between New Orleans and San Francisco
can be carried safely by the Vera Cruz and Aca-
pulco route in fifteen days. But I do not believe
that it will ever be carried in ten days, at a cost
to the Government, under this btlf, of $1,600,000,
which seems to be the great objection of many gen-
tlemen to the bill. You now pay $850,000 to
carry the mails in from twenty-seven to thirty
days.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Nine hundred and
sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. LATHAM. Ninehundred and sixty thou-
sand dollars, the gentleman from Tennessee says.
This bill proposes that the mail shall becarried in
twenty &ve days for $10,000. And if the time is
reduced to .fifteen days—which, in my opinion is
the lowest possible limit that it can be carried—it
will cost $1,000,000, or but little over what the
Government is now paying for the transportation
of the mail by the Panama route in twenty-sever*
to thirty days.
Now, what I desire to call the attention of the
House to more particularly, is, that the princi-
ples of this bill are right. If the Government de-
sires to relieve itself from the burden of taxation
in carrying and keeping up the mail between the
Atlantic and Pacific coast, it must adopt this prin-
| ciple, or it cannot possibly relieve itself from a
large burden of taxation laid upon its shoulders.
1 wish to say, further 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from California allow me to say that 1 have not
received a single letter from California for months.
Mr. LATHAM. That is the true condition of
things; and so far do I know such delay in re-
ceiving letters from California to be true, that the
really important matter which comes to me as a
member of this body I receive regularly by the
express companies, and it reaches me some five
or six days before the mail reaches me. And this
is the case in the experience of the commercial
men of the country. It is these express compa-
nies which relieve the Post Office Department of
that income which it should properly receive, and
which should go towards sustaining the route that
is at any time established.
I wish to call the attention of the House to this
fact. If you send this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, the result
will be that the bill will never be reached, and thts
Congress will adjourn without being able to obtain
any action whatever upon it, whether it contains
merits or not. If the consideration of the bill is
postponed for three weeks, why then the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads can inves-
tigate this matter; they can see whether this bill
is capable of being amended in its details—and, for
one, i think it is—and the bill can then be properly
reached.
The committee can amend the bill so as to re-
lieve the Government from debt, and obviate the
very objections which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] has expressed against the
bill, and which I know are entertained by other
gentlemen upon this floor. When it comes up for
consideration at the expiration of thrpe weeks,
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
can report a substitute and amendments, and then
it can be discussed fully by the House, and the
result will be that the Government can carry out
that principle, which we all know will tend to re-
lieve the Post Office Department from that burden
of taxation which is now imposed upon it. J now
renew the motion made by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that the consideration
of the hill be postponed for three weeks.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman from
California [Mr. Latham] yield me the floor for a
moment?
Mr. LATHAM. I cannot do so without the
consent of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, as well as the gentleman from
California, if they will not consentto withdraw the
motion for only two or three minutes?
Mr. ORR. If thegentleman from Virginia [Mr.
McMkli.in] will promise to renew the motion,
so far as I am concerned, I will give the gentle-
man from California permission to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. LATHAM. Having the permission of
the gentleman from South Carolina, I will now
yield the floor to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think if the House will
examine the bill for a moment they will see the
importance of referring it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Yesterday
when I addressed the House, I remarked that I
was not prepared to say whether I should vote
for or against the bill—that it was a new proposi-
tion sprung upon the House for the first time.
Since that time, however, I have beenr looking
somewhat into this question.
If you pass this bill in its present shape, of
