1854.
TfifE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Had this loss occurred while in the perform-
ance of his contract with the Government for the
transportation of supplies for the army from Sac-
rificios to Bagara, the Government would have
incurred 110 responsibijity for such loss; but as
Captain Simpton was called from his duties under
his contract, by the officer in command of the
Hunter, to render assistance in securing a valua-
ble prize, and his own vessel was lost while thus
employed in the public service, the committee
think that he is entitled to relief.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
FERDINAND CLARK.
House bill (No. 103) " for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Clark."
The bill was read.
It provides that the duties imposed by the act
of June 30, 1854, entitled "An act concerning
tonnage upon Spanish vessels," on the Spanish
brig Conde de Villanueva, Captain Carlos de
Agao, and paid to the collector of the port of
Charleston, in South Carolina, previous to the
clearance of said vessel from that port for Cuba,
on the 11th of September, 1830, with a cargo of
rice and lard, be refunded to Ferdinand Clark,
the owner of said brig, she having been wrecked
on the coast of Florida, 011 the seventeenth of the
same month, and lost, with the greater portion of
her cargo—the amount, refunded to be paid ontof
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
1 he report of the Committee on Commerce was
read in exlenso.
It appears that the petitioner is a citizen of the
United States, and a resident merchant at Havana;
that he was the owner of the Spanish bri£ Conde
de Yillanuevn, of which Captain Carlos de Agao
was commander; that the said brig, laden with a
cargo of rice and lard, (part of which was also the
property of the petitioner,) cleared from Charles-
ton, in the State of South Carolina, for Havana,
m the Island of Cuba, on the 11th of September,
1835, having paid to the collector of the port of
Charleston the sum of $1,951 43, as tonnage duty,
conformably to the act of Congress of the 30th of
June, 3834, entitled "An act concerning tonnage
duty 011 Spanish vessels;" that tliesaid brig sailed
from Charleston on the 13th of September, 1835,
and that on t'^e 17th of the same month she was
wrecked 011 the coast of Florida, and that the
vessel and cargo were totally lost, with the excep-
tion only of a portion of the lard. It also appears
that, in consequence of that disaster, the petitioner,
through his agents, Messrs. Crocker & Co., mer-
chants of Charleston, and consignees of the said
brig, applied to the collector of the port of Charles-
ton for relief, arid that, at his suggestion, they
subsequently addressed themselves to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, requesting that the duties
thus paid might be refunded; but that they were
given to understand by the Secretary that he had
no authority to interpose in their behalf, and that
relief in such cases could only be afforded by the
action of Congress. The petitioner, accordingly,
now applies to Congress for that redress which
the Treasury Department is unable to afford.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce is absent,
who reported this bill, I move that the bill he laid
aside informally.
The motion was agreed to. j
ADOLPHUS MIER AND COMPANY.
House bill (No 104) " for the relief of Adol- j
phus Mier and company, of St, Louis." j
It appears, from the reading of the report, that
the memorialists, merchants of St. Louis, im- !
ported from Liverpool to New Orleans, per ship !
W. V. Kent, seventeen packages of hardware; ■
that the same packages were placed on board !
the steamer MarsharNey for transhipment to j
St. Louis, under transportation bond. The du-
ties on said packages amounted to the sum of
$1,C75 30, which have been paid to the collector
of the port of St. Louis; that the Marshal Ney,
with the packages on board, was, by accident,
entirely consumed by fire on the night of the 7th of
October, A. D. ]849, at the city of New Orleans.
The bill, which was also read, provides for the
refunding of the duties paid in this case.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
Mr. SIvELTON. I would like to call the at-
tention of the members of the committee to the
principle involved in this bill. It proposes to re-
turn to the owners of imported goods, when
destroyed by fire or water, duties that have been
paid. I think it is a principle that should not be
adopted by Congress. The result of adopting
such a principle would be to convert the General
Government into an insurance company, to insure
all kinds of goods that are imported to this coun-
try, before they are thrown into the market. I
think if we undertake to pay claims of this kind,
that we shall have claims presented against the
Government amounting to millions of dollars.
The amount is not known; but I am satisfied it
comes to a vast sum. 1 can see no justice or pro-
priety in the General Government turning itself
into a great insurance company. Vast amounts
of merchandise have been lost on various occa-
sions by fire and water throughout the United
States, and large amounts of merchandise insured
by insurance companies have had to be paid. If
we pass this bill, there will be a vast amount of
claims of this sort brought against the General
Government. For this reason, f move that this
bill be passed by informally.
The motion was agreed to.
WILSON AND BROTHERS.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 make the same motion in
reference to the next bill on the Calendar, which is
bill (No. 105), '• for the relief of Wilson & Broth-
ers, of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
by informally.
ROBERT GRIGNON.
House bill (No. 107) " for the relief of Robert
Grignon." 1
Mr. EASTMAN took the floor.
Mr. WALSH. Let the bill be read. Debate
is not in order till we know what the character of
the bill is. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that thin bill has been considered by the commit-
tee, and that an amendment was offered, and the
bill passed by informally.
I Mr. EASTMAN. I move that it be laid aside
to be reported. An objection had been made by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] but
I he is satisfied with the amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
I Mr. EASTMAN. You cannot object.
Mr. WALSH. Then I ask that the bill be read
' before any explanation is given of it.
The bill was read. It provides that the Secre-
\ tary of tjie Treasury be, and is authorized and
| directed to pay unto Robert Grignon, out of any i
[ money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria- ,
ted, the sum of $19,000, in full satisfaction of his i
claims against the United States arising out of the
treaty with the Menomonee tribe or nation of In- 1
dians, executed September 3, 1836. ;
The amendment was reported, as follows: :
Strikeout the woid "Robert Grignon,"and insert in ;
lieu thereof the words " the representatives of'tbe Menom- |
onee tribe of Indians and their aligns." '
Mr. EASTMAN. That amendment was made
upon the suggestion of the gentleman from Vir- |
ginia. before me. i|
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment put
in the bill at my suggestion. I think it is all i;
right, and 1 move that the bill be laid aside, with ,
a recommendation that it do pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to 1
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass. ;
GEORGE G. BISHOP.
House bill (No. 108) " for the relief of George :
G. Bishop, and the legal representatives of John 1
Arnold, deceased." ;
The bill was read.
Mr. THURSTON. A Senate bill embracing !
the substance of this bill has passed both Houses, i]
and there is no necessity of acting upon this. j]
Mr. ORR. 1 suppose that the proper course to '!
pursue is to move that it be reported to the House, 'I
with a recommendation that it be laid upon the j
table. I make that motion. !|
The motion was agreed to. :j
JOSEPH GERARD.
House bill (No. 131) " for the relief of the heirs
of Joseph Gerard."
The bill, which was read, provides that Reese
A. P. Gerard, William Gerard, and Rachel Blue,-
(formerly Rachel Gerard,) the only children and
heirs of Joseph Gerard, a messenger of the Uni-
ted States to the Indians, who was killed in 1792,
be, and they or their heirs are hereby, permitted
to enter, each one of them severally, or his or
their heirs, one section of the public lands, with-
out the payment of any consideration for said three
sections, being in full payment for the patriotic'
services of said Joseph Gerard, and in accordance
with the spirit of the inducements authorized by
President Washington to he held out to such per-
sons as would consent to carry a message from
Fort Washington, (now Cincinnati,) in 1792,to
the hostile Indians of the then Northwest Ter-
ritory.
Mr. MACE. The report in this case was read
to the committee some time since, and if the com-
mittee will give me their attention for a few min-
utes, I think I can make such an explanation as
will satisfy every man upon this floor that thisbil!
ought to pass. f
The report shows that in 1792, at the instance
of General Washington, Colonel Hardin, Major
Alexander Truman, Mr. Freeman, William Smaf-
ley, Thomas Flinn, and Joseph Gerard, were ex-
pressly deputed, by the authority of General
Knox—in a letter which I will refer to in a few
moments—to carry a communication from Cin-
cinnati to the lakes, for the purpose of adjusting
things in such a way as to avoid a surprise of the
fort at Cincinnati by the Indians.
General Knox required the commander in charge
of this fort to select, four of the bravest and most
intrepid men under his command. The letter
from General Knox to this commander, which is
published in the report, states that if any accident,
should happen,orifthese men should be murdered
by the Indians, the Government of the United #
States would see that their families were taken
care of.
The commander at the fort received the propo-
sition, and selected these four men to undertake
thesei-vice. They started uponthat journey, and
from that day to this they have not been heard
from, except through the Indians, who stated that
they were murdered the very next day after
leaving Cincinnati.
I will read to the committee an extract from the
letter of General Knox to the commander of the
fort. He says:
" A* this will be considered m  an extfa service from your
inititaiy employment, vour expenses wilt be paid tiy the
public; and it* you succeed in effecting a peace, you are
hereby promised, in behalf of the United States, a hand-
iorne pecuniary reward.
" In case any accident should happen to you, while era-
ployed in thn mission, you may rest assured the Govern-
ment will make a suitable provision for your family.
u But I cannot close these instructions without urging
you to the highest possible exertions in bringing the war to
a clo-'e, and of devising every proper means for that pur-
pose. You may be assured that all the stipulations of re-
ward- you make shall he fully complied with, and they
ou«ht to be liberal.
"Thene instruction." are given by the authority of the
President of the Unifd Stotes and ar<?.to be regarded ac-
cordingly. "
I will now read from the report of the commit-
tee, to show that the families of the other three
who accompanied Gerard upon this service have
bsen provided for by Congress. The report says:
It ai<o appears from report No. 163, made attbesecond
of the Eighth Congress, on the 1st of March, 1805,
by the Committee of Claims of the House of Represent-
ative.-., m favor of the widow of FJitm, (one of Major Tru-
man's party,) that provision had been made for the families
of Major Truman and Colonel Tfardin, and for William
Smallev. It i« but justice (though very long delayed) that
the children should receive the dearly earned recompense
promit-c-d their father, Joseph Gerard. The friends of
Colonel Hardin and ol Major Truman applied to Congress
for relief for the families of the deceased, which was granted
Februaiv 27, 1793. A pension wad given to Colonel Har-
din's? family for seven years, at the rate of $450 a year, and
§300 a year to the family of Major Truman for the same
length of time. In May, 1800, Congress passed another
law, (volume 3« page 401,) generously providing for the
education of the'fatherless children of the slain, substan-
tially as follows: 'That there shall he annually paid to the
guardians of the sons and dauihttr? of Colonel John Har-
din, and of Major Alexander Truman, for each son and
each daughter, the sum of §100, { until they shall have,
respectively, attained the age of twenty-one years, to be
applied by the said several guardians 10 the suitable edu-
cation of the said sons, and to the use of the said daugh-
ters." In 1805 Mrs. Flinn applied for relief, which wa.® *
granted March 3, 180o. (United States Laws, volume 3.
page 664 ) She was allowed .$518, with interest from the
15th of January, 1793, upwards of twelve years,"
Now, the committee will see that in considera-
tion of the duties imposed on these men, and the
