1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
4
fact that they all lost their lives in the discharge
of their duties, Congress years ago provided for
the families of three of the number. The remain-
der have been unprovided for up to this lime. The
committee had some trouble in fixing on the kind
of relief to be afforded, but after inquiring, and re-
ceiving much information, it came to the conclusion
to report a hill authorizing each one of Gerard's
heirs, three in number, to enter one section of any
of the public Sand open to private entry. I now
move that the bill be laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WALSH, is the widow alive?
Mr. MACE. No, sir, she is dead.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
MRS. HELEN MACKAY.
House bill (No. 173) l( for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, widow of the late Colonel iEnens
Mackay, deputy quartermaster general United
States Army."
The hill provides that $0,537 09 be paid to Mrs.
Helen Mackay, out of any money in the Treasuiy
not otherwise appropriated, the same being allow-
ance of commissions for disbursements of special
appropriations by her late husband, Colonel J!Eneas
Maekay, pi tor to September 30, 1838.
Mr. VVASHBTJR.NE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, (Mr. H owe,] who report-
ed this bill from the Committee on Military Allans,
is not in his seat this morning; but there is a full
statement of the facts in the case m the accompa-
nying printed, report. The claim is principally
founded on the statement of General Jesup, of the
(Quartermaster's Department, which is certified to
by General Scott. The report of the committee is
unanimous; and 1 now move that the hill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
At the request of Mr. Srf.lton, the report of the
committee was read in extcnso.
The committee report a bill granting $,0,537 09
to Mrs. Helen Mackay, as per centnge for dis-
bursement of moneys made by her late husband,
Colonel /Eneas Mackay, deputy quartermaster
general, United Slates Army, out of appiopiia-
tiuns distinct from the regular Army appropria-
tions. General Jesup and Major General Scott
bear testimony to the long and faithful service of
Colond Mackay, who disbursed millions of dol-
lars of the public money, without the loss of a
dollar to the Government; but the committee do
not place the claim to relief on the ground of a
faithful discharge of official duty, hut on the
ground that he performed a service that was extra
official, and for which Ins representatives ate en-
titled to a reasonable compensation at the hands
of the Government.
Mr. DENTON. I was well acquainted with
Colonel Mackay, and i am well acquamrcd with,
his widow,v/ho is 'he applicant in this case. M;m
duties were chiefly beyond the Mississippi and
the town of St. Louis, where l live, and where lie
died. I am able to confirm everything said of Ins
merits by General Jesup and Geneiaf Scott, and
to add that he died without, the means of defray-
ing the expenses of his funeral, and that his whole
life was one of frugality and uttei blamelessness.
I know that he lived frugally and economically,
that he supported ins family without eser exceed-
ing his income, and that he disbursed large sums
of public money for the public set vice, over and
beyond his regular duty, witho.it any fraction of
it ever sticking to his hands, and w i' houi one dol-
lar of it ev*r being used by him, temporarily, m
speculations for his own benefit.
A great many peisons who handle public money
feel that they can use some of n to their own ad-
vantage without detriment to the public seivice.
I3ut Colonel Mackay was immaculate in this re-
spcct. He disbursed every dollar that cam'* into
his hands for the Government, fui'hfuhy holding!'
fast, living within his income, and 'hpt in the most
frugal manner. The amount asked in this case, and
I was one ot the Militaiy Committee who weie
unanimous in allowing it, is only one half of one per
cent, upon those disbursements, which were over
and beyond his dunes—the same as was allowed to
Captain Hetzel. I think it is as strong a case as
can be presented to Congress; and if tSie commit-
tee and the House think as 1 do about it, they will
give their approbation to an officer who behaved
*0 this manner by granting the relief asked for. I
therefore move that the bill be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it pass.
Mr. LETCH ER I have no doubt all that has
been said by the distinguished gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mi .Bkkto.v,] hi regai d to Colonel Mackay,
is true and well deserved [ have not a question
about u, but then it sterns to me there is a princi-
ple involved in this bill that will lead to the ex-
penditure of a very large sum of money by the
Government. As L understand the facts in this
case, this gentleman was an officer m the At m v of
the United Slates, and received regular Army com-
pensation for the services which he rendered in
that capacity.
Mr. GlbDJNGS. How much?
Mr LETCHER. He received his regular pay,
i whatever it was, during hi.v service under the Gov-
ernment. After he is dead, it is piopo.scd to allow
commissions upon the money that was disbursed
by him by virtue of his official chaiacter and m con-
nection with theGovernme.nl as an Armv officer.
Mr. OUR.. Will the gentleman from Virginia 1
[Mr. Letcher] allow me to ask him a question, !
as he seems to have directed his attention to this
subject? I desire to know of the gentleman from
Virginia, if this hill should pass, if it does not set
a precedent by which every officer who has change
of internal improvements, the opening of rivers,
the construction of the Capitol, and every woik
of that description, may be entitled to a commission
upon the sums which he expends m h.s regular
duties as an oificer of the Army ?
Mr. LETCHER. That, is just exactly what 1
was about to show. The passage of a bdt of this
kind establishes a precedent here that would in-
volve the expenditure of millions of money, and
nobody knows where if wouid stop.
Mr. W ASl ifUJUiNE, of Illinois. If ;he gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Lktchkr] will lead
the repoit of the committee, he vwll see that this
case cannot affect any other quesfon of this kind.
There was a law passed in 1*\>S, cutting off all
allowances o( this « hmacter. Tins claim does not
come down he vond that. The < oimmttee stopped
the aliowa'M e when they came to that peinul. .It
lefers to this law specifically. The passage of this
bill cannot he quoted as a precedent, if I under-
stand it, m any other case. This is a peculiar case.
Mr. LETCHER. There was a peculiar c:\se
here in the last Congress, which is quoted in this
report as a precedent to justify the passage of this
bill.
Mr. HUNHAM. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wamiihjknk] has a^seited that this case
cannot be quoted us a precedent of this kind.
Now, I should be very glad, if the gentieTnan Imm
! Illinois would explain to us why othci paymas-
ters or quartet masters of the Army would nor he
: entitled to similar allowances under like circum-
stanet's ?
s Mr. VV ASHP.URiN E. because no other quar-
: termnster has performed (he same services which
j Colonel Mackay did perform. If the gentleman .
j will read the repoit of General Jesup on the sub- i
I ject, he will have no doubt about it.
i Mr. DUNHAM. T do not think that any le- ]
| port m the world would satisfy me on that point,
: because the ptmciplc sought to be established in j
, this bill embraces all other quartermasters. ;
i Mr. LETCHER. Yes; and if Captain Mei^s,
■ who is engaged on the extension of the Capital,
; or if any other officer of the Army, happen to die '
! poor and insolvent, and unable to nay his funeral
■ expenses, his family nvy, under the principle of
i this bill, come here and ''iaini connrn.---oils on the
I amount of money dislun^eO by hu-i ^
i Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, i rise merely
for the purpose of asking whether 'he cmounc of
j money claimed here is for the commission, or
I money which was paid by the oflr er in question, ;
\ entirely beyond and outside of the duties which, :
! as such officer, would have ordinarily devolved on '
| him ? !
| Mr. LETCHER. 1 have no doubtthat, we will j
not for the next ten years have a esse here calhng 1
for the application of this principle in which the .
i individual applying, will not have exactly such a 1
• case as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. '
Eliot] describes—that of an officer pei forming ser-
! viccs outside of his own .-strict duties. 1 have been ■
J long enough on the Committee of Claims to know |
! that, out of the number of applications for extra ■
compensation that come up there m gome way or .
another, it is quite impossible to imagine a single
case m which the party will not bring himself
within the rule, and which, according to his own
idea, or the idea of his friends, will not justify a
committee of the House in allowing him all he
asks. Now, sir, here wns an Army officer. He
took his position m the Army because he believed
it a better profession tnan the profession of law,
pr of medicine, or of any other profession in which
he could have been engaged. He prosecuted the
profession wh'ch lie hau chosen, and now, sir,
when he is dead, this House is asked to allow his
widow and children a commission upon moneys
wiuch, according to my fuend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] were disbursed over and above
the original duties which devolved upon him as an
Army officer. If, sir, lie was entitled to compen-
sation for these sei vices, I imagine there would
have been some authority vested in the Wai De-
partment, or somewhere else, to allow him com-
pensation for all the services which he rendered,
and such a consideration as would be equivalent
for the services rendered. And if there had been
any foundation for it, it would not have been here
in this shape of a claim for commissions for the
disbuisement of money. Why did he not apply
for the compensation m his lifetime? Why did
he not apply for it year after year until it was
allowed ?
Mr. W ASH BURN E, of Illinois. I will reply
to the geni lemon, that if he will examine the mat-
ter he will find that Colonei Mackay made the
charges at the time.
Mr. LETCHER. Did he apply to Congress
for the money during his life time?
Mr. WASHRURNE. No, he did not.
Mr. XjETCHER. He made the charges, and
the chaiges were disallowed by the Department,
and he never applied to Congress at all.
The gentleman says that tms case will not form
a precedent, and that another case will never fall
w thin the principle upon which this ca->e stands.
Now, we had a case bpfore us last year, and that
was decided upon the principle that t he lad y was a
very beautiful and accomplished widow, and, so
far as I can gather from the discussion of this case
here to-day, it is to he decided upon the principle
that there is a widow here, and accomplished
daughters, interested m getting this money al-
lowed. I have as high a respect for ladies as any
other gentleman here, hut when I am called upon
to discharge the obligations which I owe to my
district, and to the country, I hold that 1 have no
right to vote away one dollar of money for any
purpose that is not m accot dance with strict right
and justice, whoever may be interested m it; that
we should act here, in the management of public
allap's, a5? the representatives of the people, upon
exactly the fame principle upon which we should
act m (he management of our private affairs.
Now, if there would be no obligation upon us, as
individuals, in a certain case to pay money, there
would he no obligation upon the Government to
pay, m a similar case: and in this case, if it is a
mce matter of favor, I hold that we ought not to
make the allowance.
Will the gentleman from Illinois be good
enough to inform me why the principle upon
which he seeks to sustain this case, will not apply
to every other disbursing officer of the Army ?
Mr. WASH BURNE. Iwtllteil thegentleman.
There is a law, p.-ssed in 1839, which prevents it.
Mr. LETCHER. Does not the gentleman
know that we have special applications here every
day like this3 And what ef-ect has this limit-
ation by law? If an individual chooses to come
here and present a claim, Congress is to consider
it, and if there are circumstances which justify it,
Congi e.ss will allow it. Cf what use, then, is this
limitation by law, of which the gentleman speaks ?
It is like the compensation of the cleiks here.
You have a law allowing them a fixed compensa-
tion for their services, and yet they come to us
each session, and claim that they have donesome-
thing beyond the range of their ordinary duties,
and that they ask and receive frequently, extia
compensation for it. Now, there is a law against
this, and yet the law does not restiain them, and
how is the law to restrain persons in cases of this
kind? I have no more doubt than I have of my
existence, that if this hill shall become a law, that
it will require $5,000,(100 or $.10,000,000 to cover
the cases which will grow out of the precedent set
by this bill.
