1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
desk? and Uinirs, the furnishing of committee '
rooms, and so fouls, all of winch would come un- ,
der that gt?;sercu miscellaneous item. But when it .
Comes to the Appropriation, by either of.
thousands tind thousands of dollais which cannot .
by any le^al construction be made a contingency |
of that House, i hold that ii if; not in strict ac- j
cordauce witii the Constitution of the country; ;
and, for one, I cannot support such an appropria 1
tion, by whichever House it may be made. It j
may be thai I am wrong m this; if so, I should j
be glad to be corrected; but until I am, my course j
is taken. I
The hill, as recommended to be amended by the i
Committee on Ways and Means, will leave the !
contingent funds of the Senate and House to be !
naid «nd audited just as they are now, and have !
been for years; it will change the existing law so |
far only as to make the Secretary of the Senate a ;
dishussing officer to pay the per diem and mileage :
of the members of that body. When he has paid j
them, he will have to ^o and settle his accounts I:
with the Treasury Department; he will have to i
present his vouchers for that payment, as well as
for the disbursement of the contingent fund. The
proviso in the appropriation bill of 1&>0, perhaps,
makes the ceitificate of the Presiding; Officer con-
clusive upon the Treasury Department a-i to the
amount. The Secretary, under this hd{, has
merely to show the certificate of the Presiding
OiHcer ac the end of the session, and his account
for per diem and mileage v/iU be settled. If the
third section be stricken out, he will have, m set-
tling his accounts for the contingent fund, to
present his vouchers, and point to the laws under
winch his disbursements were made. i do not
see myself any very good reason for the passage i1
of the lav/ at all; but if the amendments of the \\
Committee on Ways and Means beagieed to, the \
original hill will be pruned of most of its objec- \\
tionabie features. Their adoption or rejection is i;
with the House.
Mr. MA.CG. f do not know, Mr. Speaker, j
whether t should have made any lemarks on this !,
occasion were it not for the fact, that when the |
bid under consideration was first reported from ,,
the Committee on Ways and Means I objected to j,
it. That objection, perhaps, led to debate, and •>
the bid was ultimately referred back to the Com- n
nuttee ou Ways and Means. I hope, sir, that I ['
shall never he lacking m courtesy t > the Senate of ; ,
the United States, or to tiny other body; but f do ^
not see for the life of me that a question of cour- '!
fesy is involved in the consideration of this bill. I1
Nor can I couceUe, as was stated by the gentle- j,
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] that, because j
Senators of the United States are elected by the |
Legislatures of the several States, thev occupy ^
such a position in this nation as shields them from :
all scrutiny into their acts by this Elou^e. ^ ^
I shall not engage m a discussion of the princi-
ples upon winch the members of the Senate are
elected'by the Legislatures of the several States,
because it would not he germane to a discussion j
of the bill; but I do not think that the tact of their
election by the Legislatures of the States author- b
izes us of this House to do implicitly their wib ;
in ail things. Now, sir, from the commencement
of this session of Congress to the present hour, p
though Senators have felt great sohc.iiude about]
the bill, there has been no difficulty m their getting ,
out of the Treasury both their per diem and mile- |
^gg—-none ail. i understand that they are not
willing; to lesort to that course, and that up to this ,
time their pay has been taken from another quar-
ter. .
Sir, what are the features of this first section of
the hill, that should induce us implicitly to adopt
it3 I do not make any attack on Mr. Dickins. ,
He mav be, and doubtless is, a very honoiable
man. " And we are all, all honorable men." |
But in the formation of a law it is always wise .
to legislate against dishonesty; that ought to be
the course of legislation. Nov/, what is the pro-
vision of the fust section of the hill, which the
gentleman from Virginia [Air Rxylyj thmksought
to be passed? it'is that Mr. Dickins, as the
disbursing officer of the Senate, can £0 to the
Treasury of the United States, under the ihst
section, as soon as the hill becomes a law, and by
one draft take from the Treasury over half a
million of dollars. The bill then provides that
eight days after Mr. Dickins shall gi\e bond m
the sum of twenty thousand dollars. Thus the {
bill of the Senate places at the disposal of the
Secretary of the Senate over half a million of dol-
lars; and, eight days after he £c£s the money, he
' fan file a bond in the sum of twenty thousand
■ dollars.
' Mr. D/ckins may perhaps account for money
properly: and ail of our collectors of custom? and
public officers might, without bond, pay over the
! appropriations correctly. But the object of legis-
lation is to provide against dishonesty. So much
then for the first section of the bill. The second
section proposes 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. "Will my friend
from Indiana permit me to correct him ? This bill
only proposes to make the Secretary of the Senate
a disbursing officer. It leaves him under all the
checks and tesuictions created by the Sub-Treas-
ury act m regard to public officers, And as to the
difference between the sum which he may draw,
or which may be jjj his control, and the bond
given by him. why, sir, in laige appropriations
that is always the case. Why, the Sub-Treasurer j
at New Yoik could never give a bond equal to the j
amount of the moneys in his hands. The security ;
is not so much m the bond as it is m all the restric- i
lions, limitations, and safeguards of the Sub- .
Treasury act. The bill merely makes the Secre- '
tary of the Seiiate a disbursing1 officer, with all j
the responsibilities, all the penalties, all the checks j
piovided by the Sub-Treaaury lav in relation to
other disbursing officers.
The mam feature of the bill is, that it allows a j
committee of the Senate to audit their contingent
fund, in place of having it audited at the Treasury ]
Department [
I dislike to interrupt gentlemen; but the fact is,
that this has been practically—however the strict '
letter of the law may be—has been practically the i
law ever since the Sub-Tieasury act was passed.
For 1 am told, that when the committee of this
House, or of the Senate, in relation to their con-
tingentfund, have passed an account, the account-
nig ollicers have always—till ot late—-relumed to
go" behind that act. 1 know that uueh has been ,
the practice in this House. In other woid.-*, the 1
accounting officers have taken the action ot the
Committee on Accounts ??s conclusi\e m the case.
Air. HOUSTON. One word of explanation in
regard to the contingent fund. The gentleman 1
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly 1 is mistaken m relation
to it. The contingent lund of the Senate is now ;j
drawn from the Tiensury, under the law of ;
The President of the United States, under the ;
authority conferred upon him by that law, makes
a special" dneotion that the Cleik of the House and 1
the Secretary of the Senate shall give a bond m
the sum of >*20,000, and that they may dinwfmm
theTreasmy the funds, which are necessarily to ;
be disbuised by them, in sums not to exceed, at 1
any one tune, the amount ol their bonds. 1 hat
refers to the contingent fund of the Senate and of
the House, 'i hey ai e not permitted, therefoie, to
have, at any onetime, m their hands more than
the sum of j-.'2l),<)00.
Mr. MACK, (j esumin<r.) I understand very
well the touner operation of the system by which
oftkeis draw money out of the Treasui y, and also ■
that a sum exceeding S:2(b!KH) is not to go into the ;
hands of the disbursing officers of the Senate or
of the House at any one tune. That is simply a
Treasury regulation; but that regulation is over-
ridden Wv the first section of the Senate hilL I
am certainly lawyer enough to know that the mo-
ment the bill -passes, and is approved by the Pres-
ident of the United Stairs, Mr. Dwkms,_the Sec-
retary of the Senate, ^an no to the Treasury
Department, draw out half a mdlion of dollars,
and in eight days afterwards g've a bond for the
faithful disbursement of it.
Now, so mu<-h for that branch of the case. I ap-
prehend that, so far as the creating of a Committee
on Accounts m the Senate and a Board of Comp-
trollers, is concerned, perhaps all the gentlemen
upon this floor may not understand the opeiation
of it, and may have been misled by the question
propounded by the gemlem m from Tennessee to
his colleague. That question was, if the Senate
of the United States should pass a resolution ap-
propriating a portion of the contingent fund,
whether that would not be binding upon the Comp-
ti oiler of the Treasury Department? Unquestion-
ably it would. But under this lull, the control ot
the contingent fund is taken from the Senate, taken
from the President, mid taken from every Depart-
1 ment of this Government, and submitted wholly
to the Com m it tee on Accounts in the Senate. Under
I the provisions of the biil, the accounting officers
in the Treasury Department are not permitted to
ii look at the items at all. The committee may
■ charge for a hot se, for a buggy, for a suit of rooms,
. for a parlor, or for clothes, and all that the officer
; has to do is to set down the figures, and that is
conclusive upon the accounting officers of the
II Treasury Department. Yes, as a member says,
i: $5,000 may be charged for the entertainment of
; Kossuth; and ^100,000 for the entertainment of
Kos7ta, I suppose.
j! A'ovv, sir, i am free to admit that, in all human
[ probability, the Secretary of the Senate, Mr.
,i Dickins, would disburse this money properly, al-
,,! though not bound to <io it underany legal restraint;
11 and in all probability, if the Senatois are infalli-
,! bie, if the Committee on Accounts shall prove to
i' be infallible, oris no winfallible, the money would
be properly disbursed. The objection 1 make is
jthis: it is loose and improvident legislation. It is
i setting a precedent in reference to one branch of
this Government which, if carried out in all its
ramifications, would make this nation bankrupt,
i and a thousand like it. The experience that we
i ail have had proves that we are emphatically a
i money-loving people.
j I have found m the history of this country that
1 many men occupying the highest stations, and
| elevated to the very highest pinnacle of fame—
j Secretaries of the Treasury, if you please—have,
1 for the purpose of laying up an immense fortune,
: ruined fheir reputation forever. Such, then,is the
history of the runes; and why it is that the Sen-
. ate yhould not be satisfied with a provision of law
that brings them within the rules which govern all
j other bodies, 1 am at loss to know. I do know—
1 if 1 was m the condition of" the disbursing officer
| of the Senate, Mr. Dickins—that I could take out
! half a million of dollars from the Treasury, place
i it m bank with Corcoran & Riggs, and realize six
i per cent, from the time 1 made the deposit till
i 1 withdrew it for the purpose of paying it over,
j with no loss to the Government, but the real/za-
J turn of a large and handsome fortune to myself
. out of that operation. I do not say that Mr.
Dickies would do such a thmg; but I say that he
j can do it.
1 Mr. PEOKHAM. Not by law.
Mr. MACE. He can if this bill be passed
without, the amendments.
i Mr. PKCKIHAM. Does not the general Sub-
Treasury law apply to such cases?
Mr, MACE. In reference to this matter, I will
1 sav, it is a principle of criminal law—under a law
1 defining a clans of offenses—if offenses of a dif-
, ferent character are embodied in the law subse-
quent. to its passage, that they are not indictable.
] Let me illustrate this, and make my position clear
J to every Sawyer in the House. We have a law
against the forgery of public, securities of almost
i e\ cry kind. We pas«ed a bounty land law pro-
! vidinjr for the issue of land warrants, and many
! were forged; but there was not a court in the United
i States where a man could be convicted under the
' United States laws, because the offense was not
specially set forth in the original act. Whyshonld
we be discussing these things > What do the Sen-
ate want? They want their pay out of the Treas-
ury of the country. They should be willing to
lec^ive their pay m the mode now pointed out by
law, rather than ask this House to pass a bill of
■ the character which they have sent us,and which
■, lea\ es the law open to such immense fraud. J have
i no doubt that every member of the Committee on
Accounts in the Senate is a high-minded, honor-
able man. But, when Tom, Dick,and Harry, and
everybody else, are presenting their claims to that
committee to be paid out of the contingent fund,
we must a'l know the loose manner in which that
committee would necessarily discharge that duty.
Why not let these accounts go to the accounting
officer* , . r , «
i hope, therefore, that the action of the Lom-
' nuttee on Ways and Means, who have deliberated
■ upon this matter,will beconcurred in by the House.
' So far as I am concerned, I am not guided by what
i the Senate, collectively or individually, may do.
i 1 follow in the wake of no man or Senator, and
' hold myself only responsible to my constituents,
j Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. It is my purpose to
detain the House but a moment upon this subject.
ii I have iistened very attentively—as I am in the
