1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
was founded on two grounds. The one, that it
violates oar treaty stipulations with the Indian
tribes, and involves the violation of good faith
and party obligation by repealing the eighth sec-
tion of the act of March 6, 1820. So tar as the
fast objection goes, the Indian rights are well pro-
tected .
He proposed to come to the immediate consider-
ation of the high question of honor and good faith
involved m this bill. The question, he said,over-
rides all party considerations. It is true it is pre-
sented as an Administration measure, and it is true
that he was here as a Whig; but he was r.ot here
to oppose any Administration measure because it
is thus brought forward. He was here to follow
to the end the dictates of his own judgment. He
believed that tlie Administration has, on this sub-
ject, taken high national ground, and planted itself
on the great American principle of self-govern-
ment—which is not involved in any mere party
issues—the right of the people to determine for
themselves the character of their domestic institu-
tions. He held to the doctrine of congressional
non-intervention.
As to the sacredness of the Missouri compact,
the North violated it in less than twelvemonths
from the time of its passage. That measure was
cradled in a tempest, and has been true to its origin;
for, from that day to 1850, the Abolitionists have
from year to year become stronger from theslavery
excitement. He contended that we shall never
have peace until the subject is expelled from these
Halls. Expel it, and the occupation of the agita-
tors will be gone.
In conclusion, he eloquently spoke of the North
and the South, of their past glories,and theirpres-
ent obligations jointly to uphold the Constitution
of the country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said that he did
not propose, in discussing the Nebraska-Kansas
bill, to submit any remarks in reference to the
Badger amendment. He should pass it by as a
matter of no practical importance. It was suffi-
cient for him that this bill, with or without that
amendment, opened all our unorganized territory
to slavery; and this, too, in derogation of a com-
pact solemnly entered into, the intention of which,
from the very nature of things, must have been to
consecrate to freedom this vast territory, so long
as the State of Missouri should exist; for one
part of the compromise was to have been as
durable as the other.
He then replied to the argument that the Mis-
souri compromise was unconstitutional, and con-
tended that not only had Congress, under the Con-
stitution, the power to enact it, but that it was
now its duty to maintain it. .
He repudiated the idea that the bill contained
the principle of non-intervention, and cited its pro-
visions to prove that it did intervene.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. M AC DONALD obtained the floor. ,
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman to give;
way for a motion that the committee rise. _
Mr. MACDONALD. I will yield for that pur- j
P°Mr. RIDDLE. I then submit that motion. 1
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to. . !
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having .
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the :
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union j
had. according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill com-
monly known as the civil and diplomatic bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
fA message was here received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Sidney Web-
stek Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the
House that the President had signed the bill au-
thorizino- the construction of six first-class steam
frio-atesfand for other purposes.] '
Mr PHELPS. I rise to ask the consent of
the House that the Committee of Ways and
Means have leave to correct a clerical erioi m the
report made by us on yesterday.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 move that when tms House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divis-
ion on the question, for tellers, and for the yeas
and navs. [Laughter.]
Tellers were not ordered, only fourteen voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES. Now I demand the yeas and
nays. If the yeas and nays be refused, I ask a
division of the House on the question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn
over unu! Monday; and on a division, there
were—ayes 93, noes 20; no quorum.
Mr. JONES. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I demand
tellers on the question.
The SPEAKER. Tellers and yeas and nays
have been both refused.
Mr. STANTON. I had understood that only
tellers on the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Delaware
withdraws his motion, I will renew it, and we can
then have another test of the sense of the House.
Mr. RIDDLE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ over
Mr. ORR. I renew it.
Mr. JONES. And I ask for the yeas and nays.
[Laughter.]
The yeas arid nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail and
Campbell were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 103, noes 15.
So the motion waa agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. This morning a bill "for the
relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Company,
and theGeorgia Railroad and Banking Company,"
was referred to the Committee of Claims, I believe,
at the suggestion of the Chair. Since that refer-
ence was made, some papers have been placed in
my hands, from which I learn that the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] who is absent from
his seat, but is expected to be back in a few days,
has charge of the matter, and wishes to give it a
particular direction. I therefore move to .recon-
sider the vote by which that bill was so referred,
and I ask that the motion to reconsider may be
entered, and lie over until the return of the gentle-
man from Georgia.
The motion to reconsider was accordingly en-
tered for future consideration.
Mr. BISSELL. I think it would be well to
refer the Senate bills upon the Speaker's table, as
they are rapidly accumulating. I therefore move
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It took some time
to count a quorum just now on the motion to ad-
journ over; and it is evident that there is not a
'working quorum here. 1 therefore move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to. , ,
And thereupon (at half-past three p clock, p.
m.,the House adjourned until Monday, at twelve
o'clock, m.
appropriate, when residing or traveling in foreign
lauds; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Syracuse, New York, praying Congress
to reduce the charge for the transit of letters across
the Atlantic to two cents for every letter weighing
not more-than half an ounce; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 10, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EVERETT presented resolutions passed
at a meeting of the legal voters of the town o
Med field, Massachusetts, protesting against the
passage of the Nebraska bill; which were ordered
to lie on the table. . . . , ,
Mr SUMNER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Gardner, Massachusetts, praying a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage to two cents
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post R.oads. ,
Mr FOOT presented a resolution, passed at a
meetino of citizens of Randolph, Veumont, re-
monstrating against the passage of any act for Uie
admission of slavery north of 36° 30 , winch was
ordered to lie on the table. .
Mr. SMITH presented a memorial of citizens
of Colchester and its vicinity, Connecticut, pray-
ino- the enactment of such laws as will best secure
the principles of religious freedom, and especi y
for the protection of American cozen" in the
eniovment of the rights of conscience and of reh-
gi£ worship, as wgell as the right ", bury £ r
dead in such way as may seem to them most
jauo.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chemung county,
New York, praying that the homestead bill may
become a law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of members of the Mechanics'
Mutual Protection Society, of Elmira, Chemung
county, New York, praying that the homestead
bill may become a law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Warwick, Orange
county, New York, praying Congress to grant
that the children of such revolutionary officers
and soldiers as were slain in battle, or died in said
service, (whose widows died previously to the act
being passed granting pensions to officers and sol-
diers of the Revolution,) may receive the pensions
their mothers would have received had they lived
until the act was passed; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the following petitions, remonstrances,
&c., against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, and the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritories; which were ordered to lie on the table: _
Petitions of citizens of Grand Rapids, Michi-
gan;
Of inhabitants of Burton, New York; "
Of inhabitants of Haverstraw, New York;
Of inhabitants of Washington county, New
York; and
Of citizens of Niagara county, New York;
Protest of C. J. Walker and one thousand six
hundred and seventy-two others, citizens of De-
troit, Michigan;
Memorial of resident preachers of the gospel, ot
Rochester, New York;
Remonstrance of the church and congregation
of the First Congregational Church, in Lebanon,
New York;
Memorial of Bernhard Behrend, of Narrows-
burg, New York; and
Memorial of male and female residents of New
Hampshire. .
Also, two memorials of citizens of New Yortr,
praying that measures may be taken to secure
religious liberty to American citizens residing or
traveling in foreign countries; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two memorials of citizens of New York,
praying that a contract may be entered into with
Christian Hansen for the transportation of the
mails between Brooklyn, New York, and certain
ports in Europe; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ^
Mr. SMITH presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Connecticut, protesting against the pas-
sage of the Nebraska bill; which were ordered to
lie on the table. __ t, •
Also, a petition of inhabitants of New Britain,
Connecticut, praying a reduction of the rates ot
ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of John Lovett and sixty-
nine others, citizens of Winchester, Connecticut,
prayin" for the free grant of the public lands to
such actual settlers as are landless; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr FISH presented the petition of b. I - van
Derze, an officer of the Quartermaster s Depart-
ment in the war of 1812, praying an amendment
of the bounty land and pension laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr RUSK presented the petition ot &. ti.
Wino-field, praying compensation for expenses
incurred while acting as agent to the Apache In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
^tt\Ir RUSK presented an additional document
in relation to the claim of J. JVL Smith for remu-
neration for losses incurred m a contract for car-
rying certain mails in Texas; which was referied
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
R°Mr. SEBASTIAN presented documentsin re-
lation to the claim of Andrew Taylor and Henry
