1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
works, expend tne money themselves. Now, if1!
we establish the precedent uf allowing commission 'i
by thus bill, where is this to end ? We have a gen-1|
tleman here superintending the extension of the s;
Capitol, who, it" he continue in that position till;
the completion of the work, will have expended 1
some $5,000,000 or $6,000,000. Suppose we, have
to allow him a commission on this outlay, what a 1
claim will that be on the Treasury } And remem- i
ber, that in this particular case* Colonel Mackay :
had been receiving his pay as an officer of the j
Army. It is not pretended that the Government
did not pay him all that was due to him as an '
Army officer.
But I gather fiom a .emtirk that fell from the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that j
there is another matter before the committee m
connection with Colonel Macksy. I do not under-
stand what is the nature and character of that
other matter. I should like to know whether any j
other portion of his family jr asking for any hen- :
efit. 1 should like to know what the state of
Colonel Mackay's account with the Government
is. Will the gentleman from Virauiift give me
the information ?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 v/ili answer the inter-
ioratories of the gentleman from South Catolina. ,
There is a hill now pending before this body on
behalf of the widow and executrix of iEneas
Mackay, asking to be credited in his accounts, as ,
quartermaster, with the sum of $25,000. If that
sum is credited, then lie will not be indebted to
the Department. If it i* not credited, he will j
be, indebted to the * Department in the sum of ;
$25,000, I would prefer that this bill should be
so amended, that, if it pa*s, the amount will be :
payable to the legal representatives of /Eneas ,
Mackay, in older that it may enter into the matter i
of the settlement of his accounts as quartermaster, i
when his accounts come to be settled in thf De-
partment.
Mr. ORR. 1 supposed about as much, fiom
the fact that this bill provides for the payment of
this sum to the widow of Colonel Mackay. Now,
sir, according to the prima favb statement of nis
account, he is indebted to this Government, and
it depends upon the action of this committee, and
afterwards upon the action of the House, whether
or not you will discharge that indebtedness. I
do not know hovv it is that his accounts are m the !
condition hi which they uu\ It is. perha^ in '
consequence of some vouchers havimr b*en mi-".- ;
placed, or being informal.
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. 1 know the ,
gentleman desires to understand this matter cor-
icctly. Prima facie, Colonel Mackay is not. in- 1
deb ted to the Government one dollar. Hut, the
Department set aside a voucher ot Oolonei Mackay,
which brings htm in debt. A bill has passed the
Senate, and iujs been reported upon by the .Mili-
tary Committee of ihid 1 louse, directing the Treas-
ury Department to recognize that voucher.
Mr. ORR. 1 did not understand, from th.j gen-
tleman from Viiginia, that the bill had been acted
upon by the Committee on Military Affaire.
Mr. FAULKNKR. The bill has been reported ,
by iheCommitt.ee on Military Alfnirs. But 1 will 1
riate that 1 was not present at the time the report |
was made; but I found the bill anions: the papers ;
of Colonel Rissku., utter the duties of the chair- .
man of that committee devolved upon me. I
therefore felt it to !<& my (huy to report the bill,
and to accompary it with a reran f winch wiildin- 1
' Jof e the whole facts of 'he to the committee.
Mr. ORR Then th-> bnl h «r; j>of been repotted
to the House as yet
Mr. FAULKiVttK. 1' ha-' been leporad to'
the Hour:.?, and th*s repon Vvafi made subsequent ■
to that*, and I will meieiy ■••r.y, what I have said
m the beginning of that report, " that a majority
of the committee i re in lavos of locommeuduj* to ,
The House the passage of the bill; Inn us ihe .
funount involved is large, and the jostness of the
application not entirely free from difficnjry, they
have deemed U proper to submit to the House the
papers which were l,*.id before them, bearing upon ,
the merits of the claim, which are accordingly
appended to this report."
Mr, ORR. Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to ;
consume the time of the committee in further de-
bating this question. I desire that the committee
shall understand the principle of this bill. It is ;
ihac extra compensation may be made to an offi-
cer, who has a fixed compensation by law, for ;
services which, although said and claimed to be j
extra-official, are yet certainly within the line of ;
his duty. The principle is a dangerous one, and j
will enable every officer who assumes, or pre- |
sumes to perform extra-official duties, in dip-burs- !
ing mon*y«, to come before Congress for extra |
compensation; and if you admit this claim, you '
will be compelled to admit every one of a similar j
character. [ think the bill should be reported to :
the House, with a recommendation that'it do not i
pass. !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make a j
few remarks,and but a few, upon this case. This
claim is of a twofold character—for disbursements i
prior to the year 1838, and for disbursements sub- \
sequent to 1848. Prior to 1838, Colonel Mackay :
was engaged in a campaign in Georgia, Alabama, .
and Florida. According to the statement of Gen-
eral Jesup—and that statement is appended to this
report for the purpose of enlightening the com-
mittee—he preferred a claim for commission upon '
$135,980 92, expended m the campaign in Georgia j
and Alabama. It was then disallowed. ]
According to that statement, Colonel Mackay I
preferred claims for commission for moneys ex- |
pended during Ins campaign in Georgia and A*a- 1
bama. They were disallowed. Others were also j
presented, and, inconsequence of the frequency of j
these demands, an act was passed on the 3d March, !
1839, providing that no officer in any branch of the |
public service should receive any allowance or ;
commission for the disbursement of the public
money, unless the same be authorized by law. :
JJut it is said that Colonel Mackay prefetred his
d"im prior to the passage of this act, but that it
was disallowed. Well, sir, it was disallowed by i
the proper officers; and it was in consequence ot
the frequency of precisely such demands an fhw
that the act was passed, and that of itself fur- j
msbes a p'romf argument agamst the passage of 1
the bill.
Rut Colonel Mackay also claims pay under the ,
act of 184^, providing compensations to 'paymas-
ters for disbursingspecial appropriations of money.
The report fays:
,c('oIoik-I Mackay di>!mr.*-ed special impropriations to a
Jar^e amount Tor Ujc Mcxiean war, ;unh lit^e tii>bu!><'niems 1
sir** conceived to be on the sani*' looting <w payments made
by paymaster an account of the volunteer torce seivm<i in
the Mexican war Oonyni^, in Mich ease—bv act 12ili
August, 18 W—authorized a commission not cxeeedms lialt*
of one per rent, on ail aulas disbur^d, not to exceed $1,000 ,
per anmnu to c.H'h payina ter."'
Now, mark you, here m the act of Congress of i
1^39, declaring that no officer in thepublic service
shall be allowed any commission for the disburse-
ment of moneys, which continues to be the law
. of the land. In 1848, a law was passed restriei-
inj  the compensation of paymasters, for the dis- 1
buivemcnt of special appropriations to one half of
one per rent, until it icaches £1,000. Well,-sir,
thin i; for the compensation of paymaster**, and
not quartermasters; bur the friends of Colonel
Mackay, by a parity of reasoning", way there is no
leason why this extra compensation should not
be allowed to quartermasters as well as paymas-
ters.
_ Mr. WASHBURxVE, of Illinois. Thm is what
General Jesup says.
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; T am slatim; what the
report of the committee says.
Mr. WASHBURNE. But thr- leport i* stating
what General Jesup says.
Mr. SMITH. Wei!, sir; General Jexup's let-
ter follows, and is copied into the report; but 1 am
re.cdm^ what the rnmimttee adopts as their own
opinion. I ask tins committee to remember that
the act of 183(J, which provided that no extra 1
compensation should be allowed for disburse-
ments, operated upon the past as well ns the fn- :
ture. By the act of 1848, paymasters were to -
receive one half of one per cent, as commission for
the disbursement of money. Colonel Mackay, :
during the Mexican war, it seems, disbursed some
$200,000, for which he comes now and asks the
pay of quartermaster. A gentleman tell?? me that
this commission was to extend only to the amount 1
of $1,000 of money disbursed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. No, sir; the paym&s- 1
ter's commission was not to exceed §1,000 per i
annum. ;
Mr. SMITH. Well, be it so. Colonel Mackay ,
ffains the amount of his disbursements upon which
different rates of percentage are charged. I call ,
the attention of the committee to these two items:
The arnountofdisbursements ofspecial appropriations prior
to September 30, 1838, was §2'6,843 79; the percentage
on the same, at two and a half per cent.. iK ., £.3,421 09
The commission of one half of one per cent, on
the ."$923,194 75 special appropriations, dis-
bursed on account of Mexican hostilities, and
running through a year and a half, is  i,H5 97
{$6,537 06
He had no right to make any charge for pei-
centage on that disbursement. He had no legal
claim. When he preferred his claim, it was dis-
allowed. I presume that he never claimed pei-
centage for disbursements during the Florida war,
because it had been disallowed him for thoss made
in the other war.
Well, sir, Colonel Mackay's representatives
claim two and a half per cent, on disbursements
of special appropriations of $216,843 79, made
prior to September 30, 1838. The percentage
amount3 to §5,421 09. They also claim a com-
mission of one half of one per cent, on the
$223,194 75 special appropriations, disbursed on
account of Mexican hostilities, and tunning
through a year and a half, which is in amount
$1)115 97. That is the commission allowed, by
express law, to paymasters, for the disbursement
of that sum of money. Now, what is the au-
thority for this commission ? Tt is in vain for
Congress to pas^ laws expressly declaring that
officers of the Army shall not be allowed commis-
sion for disbuisements, if they are to be allowed.
It is in vain to establish a rule to prevent the offi-
cers of the country from being troubled with the
settlement of these accounts, if our time is to be
consumed, and the business of the country ie-
tarded,by applications which the law designed tu
put down, and forever.
But there is a remarkable feature in the bill. It
proposes to give this money to the widow of Col-
onel Mackay. She may bp lovely for aught 1
know. 1 was rather surprised, however, to hear
my gallant friend from Virginia making an objec-
tion on that ncore, hccause he was one of those
who, on a former, and interesting occasion, most
assuredly testified a strong disposition to recog-
nize the force and influence of puch interesting and
attractive considerations.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague misunder-
stands me, and probably for the purpose of making
a sort of side hit at me. 1 do not know hov/ that
is. 1 did not make objection to the claim mi the
ground that this lady was lovely, and that hei
daughter was lovely; hut I saicf that that fur-
nished no reason why Congress should allow a
claim which had no better reason to sustain it than
that fact. If yon go abrocul ir« the country you
will find daughters as lovely as those of Colonel
Mackay, and many widows as lovely as Mrs.
Mackay; and it would be a monstrous piecedeot
to establish, that becau.-c widows and daughters
were lovely, they should come here and take money
from the Treasury. -*•
Mr. SMITH. I am happy in receiving the
gentleman's correction. 1 concur with him <n
the statement that thert-is not the least foundation
1 for this claim.
But the proposition is to give the money to the
widow. Why to the widow? If she belovely, it
might fall into the lumds of a gentleman who
might seek to appropriate h*r. The bill is drawn
in its present shape for tiie reason that Colonel
Mackay died indebted to ihe Government, Yes,
sir, that is the reason. I am bound to believe thai
he j? a defauher accorriine to the official records.
I know that the records do not frequently teil the
truth; all conversant with the manner in which
accounts are settled by the officers of the Govern-
ment, know that a man may be represented as
defaulter who is not in fact a defaulter. He is
charged with the money he leceives, and uualhis
accounts are settled, he is debit io that amount. A
man may therefore appear io be a defaulter when
he is really a creditor of the Government. Ac-
cording to the records, Colonel Mocksy is &
defaulter, and hence we can understand why the
bill proposes to give the money to the widow.
Therefere, too, it is that there is eminent propri-
ety in the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to amend the bill go as
to make the money payable to the legal represent-
atives of Colonel Mackay. Having said thus
much at present, there is no room io say more. 1
do not think that there is a particle of merit in
the claim.
