166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
habit of doing in relation to every question coming
before the House—to what has been said upon
this subject. 1 have listened attentively to-day,
with the view of ascertaining, if I could, whether
there was anything which could properly prevent
the House of Representatives from acceding to the
request of the Senate as expressed in the provis-
ions of this bill as passed by that body. I find
there is much difference of opinion among the
gentlemen upon the opposite side of the chamber
as to the propriety of the measure. I am informed,
however—and my attention was directed to the
fact by a very respectable member of the Senate—
that for want of action upon the part of this House
upon'the bill sent here on the 13th of December,
now nearly a month since, the Senators have as
yet been unable to draw their pay.
Now, sir, 1 think there was,a great deal of good
sense in the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and I will do hijn the credit
to say that, although I disagree with him upon
many political questions, yet generally his views
are very correct, very national, and very states-
manlike, in regard to the department of the Gov-
ernment of which we compose a portion.
I have examined to some extent the bill before
us, and what is it? In the first place, it provides
for making the Secretary of the Senate a disburs-
ing agent. They propose to make him a disburs-
ing agent, requiring him to give bond, and to add
$1,000 to his salary in payment for this service.
But a Committee of this House have examined
the provision and recommend us, in effect, to say
to the Senate, " You shall not pay your own offi-
cer; we will take charge of him; we will strike
out the clause providing for his compensation, and
require him to give bond, and to discharge the
duty for nothing." Is this courteous? Is it
right? Would members of the House of Repre-
sentatives think the Senate were acting properly if
they were to come here and undertake to dictate
how much we should give the Clerk of the House ?
I believe we give him $2,000 a year—three times
as much ug many gentlemen in the Senate leceive
for their services during a short session of Con-
gress; an inequality which, in my opinion,
loudly calls for reformation at the hands of the
people of the States. But, sir, the Senate choose
to fix the compensation of this officer at $1,000 a
year for his services as the disbursing agent of that
body. Now, would it be treating that body with
the courtesy due it from this House if we were to
refuse the passage of such a provision ?
Mr. CLING-MAN. I wish to inquire, if the
gentleman will allow me, what is the present com-
pensation of the Secretary of the Senate?
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot say, nor do I think
- it the province of the House to inquire.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to know if he
does not already receive $3,000 per annum ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I can answer the
gentleman. That is the compensation allowed
him.
Mr. HOUSTON. His compensation is $3,000
a year, and he is allowed a clerk, at a salary of
$1,500 per annum, whose duty it is to attend to
this very business for which this $1,000 extra is
proposed to be given to him.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I would like also to know
whether he has not all along been performing
these same duties without extra compensation >
Mr. JONES. He has.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am not prepared to say
what are the duties devolving upon the Secretary
of the Senate, or what extra compensation he has
received for his services. In fact I do not think it
very welj becomes the members of the House of
Representatives to scrutinize that matter. Why
should we go abroad to look after trouble? Let
us reform the inequalities that exist here in our
own body.
Sir, if the Senate think proper to impose an ad-
ditional duty upon the Secretary of that body—
the disbursement, as the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Mace] says, of half a million of money
—it is not right that the members of this House
should say that that officer shall discharge that
extra duty without receiving additional compen-
sation. It is possible that this duty may require
very great labor; certainly it requires great re-
sponsibility; and where there is labor and respon-
sibility, there ought to be adequate compensation.
The present compensation may be adequate. I
do not pretend to judge of that. But I do say, i
that if the Senate of the United States think proper
to give additional compensation to one of their offi-
cers for additional duties which they seek to im-
pose upon lum, it is not becoming in us to interfere.
1 speak only for myself. I, for one,do not desire
to call in question the action of the Senate of the
United States because they choose to fix the com-
pensation of one of their own officers, and require
him to give bond in the sum of $20,000 for the
faithful discharge of his duty.
Sir, I listened with great respect and attention
to the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, [Mr. Houston,] to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who is so industrious ;
and able a member of that committee, and to ttie :
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] who has j
discussed this matter, to ascertain if it was pos- !
sible that the Senate of the United States sought
to put in the hands of their Secretary half a million '
of dollars at once, and require him to give bond j
only to the amount of $20,000. 1 have also read j
the bill which lies on the Clerk'stable,and for the j
j life of me, I cannot see that any such purpose is \
\ designed by the Senate. Nay more, the chairman !
i of the Committee on Ways and Means, in dis- j
j cussing this question, stated that under the law of j
I 1823, I think he said, only $20,000 may be drawn '
at one time by this officer. The gentleman from
Indiana is therefore wrong.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Ohio should bear in mmd the distinction
between the two funds; and there seems to be a
great deal of confusion in the nnnds of members
in that respect.
Two funds are intended to be operated upon by
this bill; one is the per diem and mileage of Sen-
ators, and the other is the contingent fund of the
Senate. I presume that the gentleman from In-
diana spoke of both the funds together.
When 1 spoke of the $,20,000, I referred to the
law of 1823 authorizing the President of the United
States to make a special order as to the amount to
be advanced to certain officers who have disburse-
ments to make. The Presidents of the United
States have universally done it at the beginning
of each administration from that time till the pres-
ent; and General Pierce last March made that
order, under the law of 1823, saying that the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of this House
of Representatives should each have advanced to
them the amount of §20,000 at one time out of the
contingent fund, to pay the hirelings and officers
of Congress, and other contingent expenses. But
this bill proposes to put the contingent fund and
the compensation of Senators upon the same fuut-
! ing, and to have it all under the control of the Sec-
I retary of the Senate, with but one bond.
f Mr, TAYLOR. I am not prepared to draw
> the conclusions from the reading of the bill,
i which the gentleman from Indiana and the chair-
j man of the Committee on Ways and Means have
j drawn from it.
j Sir, I think that a bill of this character, which
j is likely to lead to a conflict between the two
ij Houses of Congress, or, at all events, between
II one branch of Congress and some of the Execu-
j! tive Departments, is of sufficient impoitance to
attract the attention of members. For my own
i! part, I thought it of sufficient importance to
justify an examination of its details; and, after
such an examination, I cannot draw from it the
I inference that it will place in the hands of the
Secretary of the Senate $500,000. If I thought
i so, I would vote against the whole bill; 1 would
|: vote to lay it upon the table. I do not think so,
r however. I think that the bill authorizes the
i Secretary of the Senate to draw to an amount not
jj exceeding his bond, for the purposes designated
!l in the lull. He is required to give a bond in the
, sum of $20,000, and to disburse the money which
he may draw under the direction of a committee
of the Senate; and the certificate of that commit-
, tee is to be final and conclusive at the Treasury
j Department.
f And why not, sir? Have you more confidence
in the Auditor's supervision of the expenditures
incurred by the Senate than in that of a committee
of that body? 1 have not. There is evidently
■ some conflict. I desire, as a representative of the
people, to do right; but I do not wish to act offen-
sively to the Senate, and to say that they shall
not pay their own mileage, per diem, and contin-
gencies in their own weiy, by their own officer,
; who is to be paid as they shall think proper.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
induced me—by his representation of the fact, that
no appropriation could be drawn from the Treas-
ury except by law—to look at the constitutional
provision on the subject. If I were satisfied that
we should place, by the passage of this bill, with-
out an appropriation by law, large amounts of
money in the hands of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, I should vote at once to lay it upon the table.
The constitutional provision, 1 find, reads in this
wise:
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations made by law ; and a regular
statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of
ali puhlie moneys shall be published from time to time."
If I understood the gentleman from Tennessee
correctly, there is already in the appropriation bill
reported to the House to meet the contingencies of
the Senate, some §260,01)0 or $270,000. If that
bill becomes a law, and they choose to draw it by
their Secretary ill the form prescribed in it, I do
not apprehend that it will be a violation of the
Constitution, It will be according to law.
Mr. MACE. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that a
large majority of the members of the House, if
not all, understand the question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have not yielded the floor to
I the gentleman for the purpose of his making ail
I argument.
I Mr. MACE. I only desire to occupy a few
I miuutes.
Mr. TAYLOR. That is as much time as I
■ contemplate occupying myself. The gentleman
has already made a speech.
| Mr. MACE. The words are " moneys which
; have been,'or may hereafter be, appropriated for
j members, and officers, and for contingent expen-
: ses." Now, that is the money which has been
appropriated for the contingent fund, and the pay
i of members, and officers of the Senate, shall be paid
| at the Treasury on requisition drawn by the Sec-
retary of the Senate. What is it he can draw ?
| He can draw the whole of it; and the order to
| which the gentleman refers, as having been made
by the President of the United States under an
old law, has nothing to do with overriding the pro-
visions of that bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I find myself in somewhat of a
difficulty. I do not know whether I shall consult the
disposition of the Senate, composed of sixty-two
members chosen by sovereign States of the Union,
to do right, and under the Constitution sworn to
do right—whether I shall reconcile the discrepan-
cies of gentlemen on either side of the House, or
whether I shall act for myself. I think that the
best plan is to read the law, to ascertain what has
been done heretofore, and then to draw my own
conclusions. I am notyet convinced that the Sec-
retary of the Senate would, under that or any
other law, having given a bond or«,20,000, be en-
titled to draw more than $20,000 ata time. I may
be wrong; but I do not wish to place it within his
power to take $500,000 out of the Treasury, and to
dispose of it without any further responsibility
than his bond of §20,000 would give.
I do not wish to prolong this debate. I am not
in the habit of making long speeches. I have
been rather practical than tedious in my course
here; but I do desire, when a question of this im-
portance is presented, to have it clearly stated. I
cannot see why we should endeavor so to change
the bill that the Senate has sent to us, in respect
to their own pay and the duty of their own offi-
cers, as to make it perfectly inefficient for all the
purposes for which it was designed. I do not
desire to act offensively. I do not wish both
branches of the National Legislature to be brought
into conflict. There is evidently some misunder-
standing, which has induced the Senate of the
United States to pass this bill and to abstain, up
to this 12th day of January, from drawing any
pay. They desire the passage of this bill that
they may have the money due them.
1 have looked into the bill, and I see nothing in
its provisions, as sent from the Senate, but what
I can vote for. I desire to vote for the Senate
bill, and against the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Ways and Means. 1 ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish the gentleman
would withdraw the call for the previous question,
i I will renew it. "
! Mr. TAYLOR, I will withdraw it.
1 Mr. CLINGMAN. I would say a single word
