878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
and Sierra Nevada mountains? Does any one
imagine that this state of things will be permitted
by a race whose history resembles m its progress
the resistless people who came from the regions of
the north of Germany, rushing over the Roman
empne, yet with this grand and distinctive differ-
ence, that instead of carrying rum and desolation,
they scatter everywhere the seeds of civihza'ion
and prosperity, and are sowing them broadcast
upon the bosom of the American continent?
In this career of civilization the forest has fallen
beneath the ax of the pioneer, and been succeeded
first by cabins, then villages, and then cities with
their palaces. The water powers of nature that
fell in sullen solitude hove been trained and di-
rected so as to labor for man as his slave-, and
plucking life from fire, and breathing it into a
grosserelement—the solid earth, whether in valley,
hill, or mountain—rivers, inland seas, and oceans,
are traversed with lightning speed by this new
creation of motive power.
Desolation and silence have been waked up
ftom the slumber of centuries, and the busy hum
of life, in all its social and political forms, is
everywhere heard. Can a race of men with such
energies, such capacities, be held in check, or re-
main indifferent to delay ? and why should we not,
as legislators, at once meet the exigencies of the
age in which we live >
In the discharge of our public duty, we can, as
a rule of direction, ever look with confidence to
the policy and wisdomof the illustiious founders of
the Republic. Let us consult their history when
foreign interference attempted to obstiuct their nat-
ural commercial right of outlet, and see the value
they placed upon that right, and the kindred one
of umestricted communication?
Mr. Jefferson, when Secretary of State under
"Washington, saw the blight to our prosperity that
would result from permitting the {Spanish Gov-
ernment to intercept our right of way to the Gulf
of Mexico, from our southern boundary, the 31st
degree of north latitude, as established under the
definitive treaty of 1783,
The instructions he prepared in 1792 for the
United Statescommissioners appointed to negotiate
with the court of Spam, respecting 'ho navigation
of the Mississippi, demonstrate the comptehen-
sive policy of that great statesman. lie not only
insisted on this as a right under the treaty of 17G3,
by which it was yielded to the subjects of England,
and passed to us when the political sovereignty
changed, but that it was a right based upon
broader, and more unquestionable grounds, and
that is, on the law of nature and of nations.
If we appeal, said Mr. Jefferson, to the law of
nature and of nations, "as we feel it written in
theheait of mun, what sentiment is written in
deeper characters than that the ocean is free to all
men, and the riveis to all their inhabitants? Is
there a man, savage or civilized, unbiased by
habit, who does not feel and attest this truth? Ac-
cordingly, m all tracts of country untied under
the same political society, we find this natural
nght mvaiiably acknowledged and protected, by
laying the navigable rivers open to all their inhab-
itants. When they enter the limits of another
society, if the right of the upper inhabitants to
descend the stream is in any case obstructed, it is
an act of foice by a stronger society against a
weaker, condemned by the judgment of man-
kind."
The difficulties growing out of our contioverted
right to navigate the Mississippi io the Gulf soon
satisfied our statesmen thai the question could be
more clFcctualiy put to rest by acquiring the sov-
ereignty of New Orleans and other dependen-
cies. The agitations and conflicts in Europe had
changed the relations which Spain bore to that
territory, as she had bccotne supplanted in its
sovereignty in viime of the cession of it by a
secret treaty in 1800 to the French Republic.
During the exile of Carnot, he referred, in an
answer addressed by him to lfailleul, to a project
on foot m the French Directory, to obtain a cession
of Louisiana from the Spanish Government.
Hints of the progress of Urn affair had reached
our Minister at the Court of St. James. In June,
1801, Mr. Madison, as Secretary of State, d ew
lite attention of our Minister at Madrid, Mr.
Pthknev, to the subject, as one that would " de-
seiveandengage"his " early and vigilantinquiries,
and may require a delicate and circumspect man-
agement.
In September of that year our Government dis-
patched instructions to our Minister to Fiance,
Mr. Livingston, requiring him, if ''the cession
fiom Spam to France" had "nievocably taken
place, or certainly " would ii take place, that noth-
ing should be said or done which would unneces-
sary irritate our future neighbors, or check the
liberality which they may be disposed to exercise
in lelation to the trade and navigation through the
mouth ol the Mississippi;" and, m the next place,
that efforts should be made to induce France " to
make over to the United States the Fioridas, if in-
cluded in the cession to her from Spam, or,at least,
West Florida, through which several of our livers,
paiticulatiy the Mobile river, empty themselves
into the sta."
Among the most remark able incidents oft hat day,
and in striking contrast with our diplomacy of the
present tune, is the fact, that whilst our Government
at thecentie, and its diplomatic agents in Europe,
weie tracking out the devious involutions of the
negotiating Powers respecting the splendid prov-
ince of Louisiana, and endeavoring to secure the
pnze, the British Government, as late as May,
18U2, had received no intimation whatever, as Loid
llavvkesbury stated to our Minister, from the
Governments of France or Spain, relative to any
convention or tieaty for the cession ot Louisiana
or the Flondas. In the mean time our negotia-
tions had been steadily going on with the Fiench
Government, and Congress passed an act, ap-
proved the ^Gth Februaiy, 3803, making a piovi-
sional appropiiation of two millions of dollars,
" for the purpose of defraying any extraordinary
expenses which may be incuned m the intercourse
between the United States and foreign nations."
On the 17th October, 1803, Mr. Jefferson, at a
culled session of both Houses, advened to tins
appropriation, and announced to Congiess that
44 the enlightened Government of France" had
11 seen with just discernment the impoitanccto
both nations of such liberal arrangements as might
best and permanently promote the peace, interest,
and friendship of both; and the property and sov-
ereignty of all Louisiana, which had been lestored
to them" had," on certain conditions, been trans-
ferred to the United States, by instruments bear-
ing date 30th April last;" and that <k whilst the
property and sovereignty of the Mississippi and
itswateis became an independent outlet for the
produce of the westei n States, and an uncontrolled
navigation through their whole course, free ftom
collision with other Powers, and the dangers to
our peace from that source, the fertility of the
country, its climate, and extent, promise, in due
season, important aids to our Tieasury, an ample
piovision for our postenty,and a wide spread field
for the blessings of freedom and equal taws."
While the gieat measure was m progress to
acqune Louisiana for an outlet to the Gulf of
Mexico, and before its consummation, Mi. Jef-
ferson had devised a plan for a minute and scien-
tific exploration of the territory of the West, ex-
tending fiom the Mississippi to the Pacific. On
the 18ih January, 1803, in a communication to
Congress, he recommended that an intelligent offi-
cer be dispatched with a few men to u explore the
whole line, even to the western ocean; Lave con-
ferences with the natives on the subject of com-
mercial intercourse, get admission among them
for our traders as oiheis aie admitted, agree on
: convenient deposits for our interchange of articles,
aud return with the information required m the
course of two summeis;" that oui nation owed
it to their mtcicsts to " explore this, the only
line of easy communication across the continent,
And so directly traversing our own paitof it,15
that ''the interests of commerce placed the prin-
cipal object within the constitutional powers and
care of Congress, and that it should incidentally
advance the geographical knowledge of our own
continent cannot hut be an additional gratification."
Congress voted the necessary appiopriation,
which resulted m the expedition of Lewis and
Clarke, who ascended the Miss-outi to the falls,
passed the Rocky Mountains, descended by dif-
ferent streams until they struck the Columbia river,
and followed it until they reached the Pacific ocean.
All fuither legislative action on the subject was
suspended until the 3d of March, 1853, when
Congress passed a law authorizing the Secre-
tary of War, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, " to employ such portion of the corps of
topographical engineers9 and such other persons
as he may deem nece?sai v, to make such " explor-
ations and surveys as he may deem ad\isabie, to
ascertain the most practicable and economical route
loi a railroad from the Mississippi rher to the Pa-
cific ocean." Thus, after the lapse of half a cen-
tury since that illustrious patriot oiigmated the
project of a Pacific road, Congress waked up to its
importance, yet, only by ordering a more thorough
and scientific exploiation, It is well known to the
Senate and the country that 1 opposed expioraitons,
believing we had information enough of the practi-
cability of several routes, and that I then earnestly
urged the passage of a railway bill. Had it been
done, it is not doubted that at this time the exccu-
; tion of the gieat work itself would be under way.
I Let us for a moment glance at our condition, when,
I under Mr. Jefferson's administration, the expedi-
i tion to the western ocean was undertaken, and
I contrast it with the present, as an evidence of the
I wisdom and extiaoidinaty foresight and eneigy
I of the statesmen of that day.
I We weie then in political infancy, just entering
' into the family of nations, having a population of
| four millions, a defenee'ess frontier, and unsettled
western limits; but not for a moment neglecting
the popular interest, they directed the Pacific over-
; land route to be traversed, and that, too, when
grappling hand to hand with adroit and practiced
, diplomacy m the convulsions of Europe, and when
: every step they took was at the hazard of war.
Now we have p population of twenty-five mil-
lions, and are at peace with the woild; no open
l question of boundary, nothing to disturb domestic
, tranquillity, with science, talent, wealth, every
i means at command. If sound policy dictated us
consideration then, does it not command its con-
summation now ? Then our interests were in the
^beginning of their development, now they are
' expanded by the growth of fifty years.
That we may have an idea of their present and
probable prospective magnitude, I will briefly
i review our territoiial growth from the period of
| the acknowledgment by Great Britain of our na-
i tionality.
| By the definitive treaty at Paris, in 1783, recog-
I nizing our independence, we had the Atlantic on
: the east, the highlands, great lakes, and forty-
: ninth degree parallel on the north, the channel of
j the Mississippi on the west, and the thirty-first
! degree of latitude as our southern boundary.
! The territorial purchase effected during the ad-
| ministration of Mr. Jefferson gave us the sover-
i eignty of Louisiana, extending our boundaries
1 fiom the Peidido, embracing the Island of New
! Orleans, and including the whole country depend-
| ent on that river and its tnbutaiies within the
limits of its coast, taking at the same time our
] boundary on the southwest to the Rio Grande, or
i Rio Bravo del Norte, embracing thrt, territory
; within the present State of Texas.
By the treaty of 1819 with Spain weacquired East
1 and West Florida; and Texas ceased to bean inte-
i gral part of the territory of the United States by our
, taking the Sabine for a boundary; which, extend-
ing to Red river, the lOOthO 0f longitude, along the
, Arkansas to us sourcc, and thence with the forty-
! second parallel line of latitude to the Pacific fixed
the boundary line between the United States and
Spanish dominions. Texas, which had passed
, fiom the sovereignty of Spam by revolution in
I Mexico, having no political affinities with the form
! of government established in Mexico, detached
: hereelf by successful revolution, gallantly main-
tained her independence, and, as a sovereign State,
entered the Confederacy m 1845, under the lesolu-
' tions of annexation.
By the treaty concluded at Washington, in 1S46,
between the United States and Great Britain, the
disputed soveieignty of Oregon, which had been
held in joint occupation under the conventions of
1838 and 1827, the dividing line between the two
nations, was established at the 49th parallel of lati-
tude, running to the straits of Fuca, and thence to
the Pacific.
By the treaty of 1848 at Guadalupe Hidalgo,
between the United States and the Mexican Re-
public, California and New Mexico were acquired,
■ establishing as our boundary line the Rio Grande
on the southwest, the Gila to injunction with the
Colorado, and thence near the 3i2 of latitude to
the Ocean. The Atlantic on the east; the Pacific
on the west; the Gulf of Mexico on the south;
on the north the Sea, or Stiaits of Fuca, the 49th
' parallel of latitude, the great lakes the dividing line
