168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
chairman of such committee, shall be deemed and held
conclusive by all the officers of the Treasur> Department."
Upon seconding the call for the yeas and nays,
the tellers reported—ayes 29, noes 90.
So the yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr PECKHAM. 1 sent for the Sub-Treasury
act, and I desire now. to call the attention of gen-
tlemen' 
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make any
remarks, unless by the unanimous consent of the
House, for the previous question has been or-
dered.
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire only to make the
suggestion that the Sub-Treasury act is entirely at
war with the position taken by gentlemen upon
this floor in reference to the effect of the bill now
under consideration. It is, beyond all doubt or
controversy, that a disbursing officer has no right
to make a deposit of the money, or to use it 
[Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the main question has been ordered to be now
put.
Mr. "WHEELER. X desire to make a brief ex-
planation, if I have the permission of thp House to
do so. f will not detain the House long.
[Loud cries of "Object!"
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make any ex-
planation now. The question is upon the last
amendment proposed by the Committee on Ways
and Means, and upon that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think the Chair is !
mistaken. I understood that the result of the tell- j
ers was, that the yeas and nays were not ordered, j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in error;
they were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if the
Committee on Ways and Means recommend the
adoption of this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The amendment was report-
ed by the Committee on Ways and Means.
The question was then taken upon tne amend-
ment to strike out the third section of the bill; and
it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 12G, nays
54; as follows:
YJEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Banks, Bflcher, RpII, Bojce, Bieckinridsp, Bruises,
Brooks, Chamberlain., Ohmman, Ciiurchwell, Clark, Cling-
man, Cobb, (Jorwin, Craige, Cuilom, John G. Davis, j
Thomas Davis. Dawson, Dean, Dp Witt, Bowdell, Dun- j
bar, Eastman, Eddy. Edmundson, Ellison, English, Ever- i
hart, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Giddmg-, Green, i
Grey, Hamllion, Andrew J. Harlan, Samp>on W. Harris, ,
Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hib- j
hard, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, !
George W. Jones. Rol£hd Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kittredge, !
Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lindley, LindMey, !
Lyon, McCulloch, McMullm, iMcGluten, Mace, Maxwell,
Mayall, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Million, Moin^on.
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, On',
Parker, Peck, John Perkins', Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Pur
year, Reese, Richaidson, Thomas Ritchev, Robbms,
Rowe, Rufhn, Sabm, Sapp, Seward, Seymour, SImw,
Shower, riingleton, Skelton, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snod<rrass, Hector L. Stevens,
Stratton, Anilrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston,Tracy,
Trout, Vansant, Wade, Walker,Walsh, Warren,Elljhu B.
Wa^hburue, Wells, Jo tin Wentworth, Wcstbrook, Wheeler,
Daniel B. Wright, and Yates—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Appieton, A*he, Thomas H. Baily,
Benson, Bissell, Campbell, Carpenter, Carutheis, Chan-
dler, Chase, Cook, Cox, Crocker, Cutting, Disney, Ed-
mands, Etheridge, Farley, Franklin, Goode. Greenwood,
Harrison, Hiester, Hill. Hunt, Kuhvell, Macdonald, Mc-
Nair, Macy, Matteson,Maurice, Mcnchdin, John G. Miller,
Morgan, Peckiiam, Pennington, Pnngle, Ready, Riddle,
David Ritchie, Rogers. Frederick P Stanton, Sn.mb, David
Stuart, John L. Tavlor, Tweed, Upliani, Vail, Walbrrdge,
Walley, Tappan Wentworth* Witte, Hendnck B. Wright,
and Zolhcoffer—54.
So the amendment was adopted.
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Ways and Means having now been disposed of,
the question reemred upon the amendment offered
by Mr. Mace, to add the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
" Sec—. And be it further enacted, That the moneys
which have been, oi may hereafter he, appropriated tor the
per diem and mileage of member of the Hout-eof Repre-
sentative=, shall he p:ud at the Treasury, on requisition
drawn by the Sergeant at-Anns of the House of Repie^ent-
auves,and shall be kept, disbursed, and accounted for by
him according to law. And the said Senreant at-Arms
shall be deemed a di-bnrMng officer, arid m lieu of the
bond now required of him, under the rules of the House of ;
Representatives, he shall give bond to the United States. !
within ten days after the passage of this act, with one or !
more sureties, to be approved by the Comptroller of the ,
ireasury, m the penal *um of one hundred thousand dol- :
lars, with condition tor the faithful application and th<- [
bursementof such lunds as may be drawn from the Trea< I
c;VpStoS'e."hid'b0Udsha11 bC dc"0siKd
,Mr. MACE, if 1 have it in my power to do
so, I will withdraw that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It can only be withdrawn by |
unanimous consent.
Mr. MACE. I hope I shall have that consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and^was subsequently read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the previous ques-
tion .
The
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. WALSH. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I should like to have
the bill again read as it stands amended.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will again be reported.
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and that the other
papers be withdrawn from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, and take the same reference.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
THE COMMERCIAL MARINE.
Mr. DRUM. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CL1KGMAN. I raise this question of
order: The gentleman from Ohio arose m his place
. . . .... j
previous question received a second; and and demanded the regular order of business
V. ^nac-tlAll tlTCrC! AVfloVoH tA Kp nrtU7 Ollt i I .* ' ■.   L . r .\ . .1 . .1 .3 .1^1..
insist, therefore, that under that demand the reso-
lution proposed to be submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is out of order.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read.
Mr. EDGERTON. I withdraw my objection.
The resolution was then read; as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs he in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of authorizing by
]NrO objection being made, the bill was once more ;1 lavv-tiie Secretary of theN.ivv to equip and maintain three
i .. J « i i i- ■! public vessels at the harbors of Boston, New York, and
Norfolk, respectively, which shall, incase of disaster to
the commercial marine of the country, or of other exigen-
cies lequmng aid Irom the Navy Department, be at all
times in a condition to act promptly tinder the orders of the
Department.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, how
does that resolution get in?
The SPEAKER. If objected to, it cannot be
introduced.
Mr. JONES. I object to its introduction.
GEORGE R. C. FLOYD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a joint
resolution from the Senate, entitled lk A joint res-
olution for the relief of John R. C. Floyd, late
i Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and sureties*,"
! which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that that
joint resolution be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which is, in my
opinion, the most appropriate committee for its
consideration. It is in regard to the settlement of
certain accounts.
The question was taken; and the joint resolution
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
Senate bill, entitled "An act for the relief of Pris-
cilla C. Simonds;" which was read a first ana
second time by its title. and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
read through by the Clerk.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed
—yeas 113, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Alien, Appieton, Banks,
Barksdale, Barry, Bocock, Breckimidj/o. Bridges, Brooks,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caru thers, Church well, Clark, Clmg-
nian, Cook, Corvvin, Crocker, Cutting, Dawson, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickin«>on, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy,
English. Faulker, Flagler, Floience, Fuller,Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harns,
Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Hihbard, Hiester,
Houston, Howe, Hughes, Ingersoll. Roland Jones, Keir,
Kidwell, Kutredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Lindley, McCulloch, McMullin, Mace, Matteson, Mavweli,
Mayall, Meaehdin, Middlesvvarth, Smith Miller, Millson,
Morrison, Muiray, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Parker, Peck, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Pur-
year, Ready, Richardson, Thomas Kiteney,liahbms, Rutfin,
Sabm, Sapp, Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skel
ton, William R.'Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodsrass,
Richard iJ. Stanton, He&ter L. Stevens, John J. Taj lor,
Thurfton, Tracy, Tioui, Vail, Wade, Walker, ElllihuB.
Wa&hburne, John Wentworth, We<tbrook, Daniel B.
Wnght, Yates, and Zollicoffer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. James C Allen, Thomas H., Bayly,
Belcher, Benson, Bis ell, Boyee, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Oobb, Craige, John (*. Davis, Eastman, Edtnand>,
Elhtvon, Etheridge, Farley,Franklin, Giddums, Grow,Ham-
ilton, Bunt. Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, MciMair,
Macy , Maurice, John G Miller,Morgan, Nichols,Pi-ekhaui,
Pennington, David Ritchie, Rogers,Rowe,Seward, William
Smith, Stratton, Strauh, Andrew Stuait, David Stuart,
John L. Tajlor, Tweed, 'Upham, Van-ant, Walbndge,
VValley, Walsh, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
and Witte—52.
So the bill was passed.
The question was put upon the following amend-
ment to the title, and it was agreed to: i
Strike out the words iS A bill regulating the dis- !
bursement of the contingent fund of the Senate,
and for other purposes," and insert in lieu thereof:
" A bill to constitute the Secretary of the Senate
a disbursing officer for the purposes therein men-
tioned. "
Mr. FULLER. I move that the vote by which
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call upon
committees for reports.
Mr. MACE moved that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition and papers in thecase of Sam-
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and that that : ue.* ^rirne®? f they be referred to the Com-
  : i ' i \ i mittee on Pubuc Lands: which motion was agreed
motion be laid upon the table. \
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
j mittee on Public Lands; which motion was agreed
J to.
N? Mr. MACE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported 44 A bill for the relief of the heirs of
Joseph Guard;" which was read a Hist and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
threeo 'clock) until to-morr
Thereupon the House adjourned (at ha!f past >1 l*ie House, made the order of the day
  rrow at twelve o'clock, m :i for, ^-morrow, and the bill and report ordered
' ' ■ to be printed.
j Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee on
! Claims, moved that that committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition and
papers in the case of J. A. Lapham, and also m
the case of William Darby; and that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; which
j motion was agreed to.
! Mr. GIDDINGS also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on the petition of
Captain Francis Allyn and the owners of the ship
Cadmus; which report was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. GIDDINGS, leave was
granted to withdraw the petition and papers of
Alexander Weed from the files of the House, and
that they be referred to the War Department; and
also to withdraw the petition and papers of John
Metcalf, for the purpose of reference to the Senate.
; STEAMER FALCON.
Mr. PULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, and
; with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
No. 81, entitled " An act changing the name of the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 18j4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by P>.ev. Hlvrt Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, Senate
bill entitled " An act for the relief of Joseph Mit-
chell;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and,
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was referred to the Committee oh Public Lands.
Mr. HUGHES, I rise, Mr. Speaker, to what
I conceive to be a question of privilege. Yester-
day, when the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
called, they reported adversely in the case of Royal
R. Piatt. On speaking with the chairman of that
committee, I have ascertained that they had only
the memorial of the party before them, and that
J; the proofs had, by some mistake, been sent to the
11 Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. I now
II move that the memorial be recommitted to the ■
