1854..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
under the Ashburton treaty of 1842 to the Atlantic
constitute ihe outline of our present huge dimen-
sions containing three millions two hundred and
sixty thousand square miles—nearly equal to all
Euiope—with a sea-coast of five thousand one
hundred and twenty-eight miles, one fifth the cir-
cumference of the globe.
1 have thus examined this question as a postal
measure. Yet other considerations of State more
important, because immediate and indispensable,
appeal to us in favor of the early completion of the
work.
As a MILITARY ROAD, it should engage our
attention as a means of protection to our citizens
between the Mississippi and the Pacific.
Tins portion of the Confederacy embraces nearly
two millions of square miles, more than three
fifths of our territorial extent.
The number of Indians within our limits is esti-
mated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in his
last annual report, at four hundred thousand, of
which eighteen thousand six hundred are located
east of the Mississippi; in Minnesota, and along
the frontier of the western States to Texas, com-
prising mostly the emigrated tribes, one hundred
and ten thousand; on the plains and Rocky Mount-
ains and not within any of our organized Terri-
tories, sixty-three thousand; in Texas twenty-nine
thousand; New Mexico forty-five thousand; Utah
twelve thousand; Oregon and Washington twenty-
three thousand; and in California one hundred
thousand.
The contemplated railway would enable the
Government to wield its mili'ary power with ex-
traordinary rapidity and economy, and keep in
check the dangerous and warlike tribes that
roam along the foot of the Rocky and Nevada
Mountains; would reduce the public expendi-
tures for the transportation of troops and mili-
tary supplies, diminish the number and cost of
Indian and other agencies, and dispense with a
host of officers which it is to be apprehended,
when so far beyond the immediate surveillance of
authority, would result in speculation, if not pec-
ulation and corruption.
Not only is it important in keeping the Indians
in check, and preventing tragic scenes, like Gun-
nison's and others, and affording that protection,
which, as a Government, we are bound to extend
to the settlers who are seekinsr their way tor
homes in this great interior region; but in case of
foreign war the subject is presented to us in such
a form, as it seems to me, can leave no doubt or
excuse for delay.
The Constitution of the United States was
adopted by the people " in order to form a more
perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare,'' and its perpetuity is
provided for in its own declared intention of secur-
ing the " blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity." Here is the indefeasible estate,
and the distinct path of duty marked out to us.
The measure before us is one emphatically re-
quited at your hands by those significant terms.
By accomplishing it, foreign fleets and armies
will m vain assail us upon the Pacific or Atlantic.
From ocean to ocean this new means of commu-
nication will carry our troops and munitions of
war, and enable us, by rapidity of overland com-
munication, to use the military power with such
celerity as to defy successful invasion from any
quarter. The Commander-in-Chief at AVashing-
ton coukl issue his orders, and move his armies
with as much dispatch, from this to the other side
of the continent, as did the great Emperor in
the field of his extensive operations during the
the wars of the first French revolution. Indeed, it
would do more to preserve peace with nations,
more to protect us from European interference or
aggression, than our Army, Navy, and fortifica-
tions combined, useful and necessary though they
be For these you have already expended up
■wards of &500,000,000 since the Government was
founded, and are increasing your expenditures
upon them every year, although they consume
instead of increase your wealth and products.
But this railway, whilst it would secure you
against war, or render you impregnable m the
event of a collision with foreign nations, would
augment your means and resources every year.
In'case of war, how are you without it to defend
California and Oregon? Where is your Navy by
which to accomplish such a purpose? Where are
your transports, or how would they reach their
destination? How would you carry troops, muni-
tions, or supplies, over the mountains and desert
that separate the Pacific from the Mississi pi ?
One of the great objects,%iost prominent among
the powers conferred on the General Government,
is the defense of our territory. This was not only
a power conferred, but aduty imposed, which you
cannot execute, so far as your Pacific possessions
arc concerned, without this railway. We are
separated from you in peace, and in war you leave
us at the mercy of any great naval or military
Power.
In the event of hostilities with Great Britain,
France, or Russia, with our immense ocean fron-
tier, and hostile savages in our midsi, from which
our policy has nearly relieved every other State
but California and Texas, and without naval or
coast defense, what would be our fate? Who
could estimate the ruin and desolation which
would ensue from our isolated and disjointed po-
sition? But with such a road a1* the bill contem-
plates, and such an increase in the Army as
would be proper for a war footing, and the coop-
eration of that standing army of two millions of
freemen—Ihe miltlia of the Union—which costs
the Government nothing, we will stand prepared,
at the shortest warning, to defend our soil and
repel any aggressor. But without it, even if an
oceanic communication should be effected, pur-
suant to the explorations now going on by Amer-
ican, British, and French officers, ihe guns of a
powerful naval antagonist would command that
point and intercept our passage.
The Island of Cuba, which controls both out-
lets of the Gulf of Mexico, unless it becomes a
part of our territory, as appears to be Us natural
destiny, would, in the hands of an enemy, inter-
cept our transit to the Pacific, and be a point from
which could be inflicted upon the whole country
the deepest wounds.
Let us consider the diversified and growing in-
terests of our constituents, who throng every
avenue of human industry, and then judge of this
measure in a
COMMERCIAL POINT OF VIEW.
The earth,in its fertility,in every variety of soil
and climate, yields its treasures under the steady
and thrifty management of our agriculturists, pour-
ing forth hundreds of millions of its annual sur-
plus over our wants. Our manufactories, filled
with the products of all the useful and elegantarts,
are ever improving under the mventivegenius and
taste of our people, to which there is no precedent
in any age.
Look at Europe in her high state of refinement
and wonderful advance in the arts of life, and see
the efforts she has made to secure the best markets
of the world.. Let it be remembered that com-
merce is always an enriching, civilizing element,
and that it led the nations of Europe to the estab-
lishment of colonies in the western and eastern
hemispheres, by which they at once secured an
immense monopoly of trade.
' " Agriculture, manufactures, commerce, and
! navigation," said Mr. Jefferson, "are the four
1 oillars of our prosperity."
! The framers of the Constitution saw the ineffi-
I ciency of the articles of Confederation in this re-
; spect, and that undoubtedly was one of the pri-
1 mary causes that led to the adoption of our pres-
' ent form of government, which confers upon Con-
gress the power "to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States,and
with thelndian tubes." Nodclegation ofauthomy
was more indispensable to our prosperity and
o-reatness. From a monetary paralysis in which
tve were left at the close of the revolutionary war,
the nation rose in vigor and wealth, and the whole
face of our relations, internal.and foreign, under-
went an extraordinary change.
A forcible and elegant writer upon, public law
has said, " the end of the law of nations is the
happiness and perfection of mankind that "they
ought to cultivate a free intetcoursc tor commer-
cial purposes in order to supply each other s wants,
1 and promote each other's prosperity;' that" the
i variety of climates and productions on the surface
1 of ihe globe, and the facility of communicating: by
■ means of rivers, lakes, and the ocean, invite to a
S liberal commerce, as agreeable to the Javy of na-
i ture and extremely conduche to national amity,
1 industry, and happiness;" and that "the numer-
ous wants of civilized life can only be supplied by
mutual exchange .between nations of the produc-
tions of each "
In the infancy of our national existence wo
struggled against every infringement of our right
to traverse the ocean unobstructed, as the common
properly of man, and resisted any interference
with the lawful pursuits of commerce.
The wars of the French revolution brought us
into conflict with the principal belligerents. In
vindicating our dignity we suspended commercial
intercourse with the European Powers, and closed
the ports of the Union, by the embargo law, in
1807. For continued aggressions, we engaged in
war a second time with England, and rallied the
whole energies of the Government in defense of
the honor of our flag and its absolute immunity.
The great statesmen who have been successively
charged with the management of our foreign rela-
tions have ever fearlessly maintained and de-
fended our maritime rights.
As candidates for a full share of the trade of the
world, we have demanded participation, and we
have participated in settling the principles of public
laws, which, according to our construction, looks
to an enlargement and enfranchisement of commer-
cial intercourse, and the freest competiton.
The claim setup by the Portuguese at the zenith
of their power in the East Indies, to exclude all
Europe from participation in the trade of Asia, of
which for a century they once held the entire
monopoly, is pronounced by Vattel, "as in viola-
tion of the laws of nations, and just cause for war."
Our own Government met and rebuked, in 1822,
the pretensions of Russia in setting up a claim
to the 51st degree of north latitude on the north-
west coast of America, and with it a correlative
pretension to "prohibit foreign vessels froWap-
proachmg the northwest coast of America belong-
ing to Russia, within the distance of at least one
hundred Italian miles." This claim was further
coupled with the pretension, that as the Russian
possessions on the Pacific ocean also embraced the
opposite side of Asia, and the islands ad jacent from
Behring's Straits to the 45th degree of latitude, that
Government might feel authorized " to exercise
upon this sea the right of sovereignty, and espe-
cially that of entirely interdicting the entrance of
foreigners." Mr. John Q,. Adams, then Secre-
tary of State, in his answer of 30th March, 1822,
informed the Russian Envoy that" from the period
of the existence of the United States as an inde-
pendent nation, their vessels have freely navi-
gated those seas," and that "the richtto navigate
them is a part of that independence;" and not only
so, but, advancing beyond that position, Mr.
Adams informed him that " the rights of the citi-
zens of the United States to hold commerce with
the aboriginal natives of the north west coast of
America, without the territorial jurisdiction of
other nations, even in amis and munitions of war,
is as clear and indisputable as that of navigating
the seas."
The diplomacy of our Government from the be-
ginning has steadily asserted and maintained our
, claim to that high position which we now hold as
! a maritime Power. The right of search, with all
its odious correlatives, is virtually ended, so far
as the United States are concerned. Great Britain
has received decisive notice of the fixed determin-
ation of our Government on this point. Mr,
Webster, when Secretary of State, in his corre-f
spondence with Lord Ashburton, in 1842,^ de-
nounced it as a practice "founded on principles
which we did not recognize, and is invariably
attended by consequences so unjust, so injurious,
| of such formidable magnitude, as cannot be sub-
! mitted to;" that "the distinguished person to
I whose hands were first intrusted the seals of our
! State Department, declared that "the simplest
i rule will be that the vessel, being American, shall
i be the evidence that the seamen on board are
! such;" that fifty years'experience, and other con-
i siderations, had " fully convinced this Govern-
; ment that it is notonly the simplest and best, but
I the only rule which can be adopted and observed
! consistently with the rights and honor of the
1 United States, and the safety of their citizens;
; that rule announces, therefore, what will hereafter
i be the principle maintained by this Government.'
| "In every regularly documented American mer-
! chant vessel the crew who navigate it will find
! their protection in the flag which la over them.
I Such is the proud position we now hold as a
