1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
American-built steamer Falcon to that of Q,ueen
City."
Mr. FULLER. This is a matter which I thins
nobody in this House will object to. 1 therefore
move (hat the bill be read a third time, and be put
upon its passage.
Theie beiii" no objection, tne bhl was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRISON, from the Committee on
Commerce, made nn adverse leport on the memo-
rial of the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company
of Baltimore; which was ordered to he on the
table, and be printed. j
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill, entitled " An act to continue in fmce the act
entitled ' An act to ascertain and settle the land
claims m the State of California.' "
The Clerk read the bill; which provides that
the term for which the commissioners for the set-
tlement of plicate land claims in the State of Cnli-
foi ilia, appointed by an act of Congress of March
3,18n], be extended for one year fuither, to be
computed from and after March IS54.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask theunani-
mous consent of the House to make a statement
relative to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia is entitled to the floor, and may make such
statement.
Mr. LATHAM. The bill for this commission
for the settlement of private land churns in Cali-
fornia, was passed by Congress ill ilie spnnir of
the year 1851. The commission itself was never
organized until borne tune m January, I think, ot
185-2. By the spring of 18,"i2, there were between
eight and nine hundred clainisfiled before this com-
mission in California, claiming something over
eleven million acres of land within the limits ol
that State. That commission has been in con-
tinued session from that time up to the present, and
has disposed of about three hundred cases. Some
two hundred cases have been argued and submit-
ted to the board, and yet remain undecided.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, merely asks that the
term of the distiict commission maybe extended
for one year, m order that they may complete the
business winch they have already undertaken. A
lai-o-e majority of the cases decided have gone into
the"United States district court, and will come to
the Supreme Court of the countiy. It is essen-
tial that this bill bliould pass before the twentieth
of this month The steamer which next -joes to
California leaves on that day, and will not reach
f|jere even if she hove the best of weather—till
some time early in March. The commission ex-
pires on the third day of March. Now, then, if
this hill 2:0 through the ordinary course of legis-
lation, it'will be absolutely impossible for it to be
reached 011 the Calendar beture the sailing: of  'e
next steamer*, and the result will be that the com
under consideration for several weeks, and have ,
instructed me to report back a bill in the form of
a substitute.
1 desire to make one suggestion before the bill ■
passes out of my hands, or, at least, out of my
control. This is an important measure, and one
in which the whole country, perhaps, more or less,
feel a deep niteiest, and also a deep interest in the
action which Congress may take upon the subject.
Now, the question is, will we put the bill m such
a condition, that this Congiess cannot act upon
it? Shall we let it go upon the Calendar where it
i can never again be reached ! f desire to make this
! suggestion, and, if it shall be in order, to make a
! motion to that effect before I sit down, that this
j bill, With all other bills that have been, or may '
hereafter be reported in relation to this- subject,
may be made the special older for the second
Tuesday of February next. Befoie that time,
all the measures relating to the matter will be
before Congress, and bepiinted, so that every gen-
tleman ill this House will be able to come to a
\ conclusion as to ihe course of action which will be '
j propei to be uiken upon the subject,; and they
1 will be ready then to meet the expectation of the ■
whole country. Shall we let this opportunity ;
! puss, and allow this bill to go to the Committee |
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
never will be again reached, without some action
making it a special order, so that it may come up ;
at some paiticular time—say the second Tuesday
of February next? I trust not; and if it be 111
order, 1 submit the motion that it be made a
: special order for the day named; and I hope no
1 gentleman will object to it.
i ' Mr. CLING.M AN. 1 object to making it a
1 special order foi that day, or any other.
i The SPEAKER.. For what bill is this a sub-
stitute'
Mr. COBB. For the bill which relates to the
subject of homesteads—being bill No. 1—the first
which was introduced into the House. Does the
Speaker entertain the motion to make it a special
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the bill to be reported to the llouse first.
The title of the bill was then reported as fol-
lows: .
" A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce,
and manufactures, and all other branches of in-
dustry, and for graining to every man who is the
head ofa family and a citizen of the United States,
a homestead of one bundled and sixty acres of jj
land out of the public domain, 1111011 condition of
occupancy, and cultivation of the same for the
period herein specified^and to graduate and re-
dui e the price of public lauds "
The SPEAKER. This bill is reported back
with an amendment.
Mr C0I>1>. The amendment relates to the grad-
uation ami reduction of the price of public lands.
The SPEAKER. The gemletnan from Ala-
bama proposes to make !he hill now reported, with
all the other bills relatmgto the homestead policy
ssion will have expiied, and great loss will have ^ [he Spena) „ider for Tuesday next. The gentle-
mi
ensued
cur-ucu, not only to the country, but to the re-
spective claimants who have filed claims before;
that commission for adjudication^ I therefore, •;
with tins statement of facts, and with a view to
save loss to the Government itself, and to save ^
loss to the claimants themselves, ask the unam- |
mous consent of the House that this bill be now _
put upon its passage. ,|
If any  entleman has any doubt as regards the .
condition"of this commission, of the business !
which has been performed by it, and of the bum-
ness which is now before it, I think I can satisfy
him that the commission are doing the bes they ,
can, and have been doing the best they con d do,
to facilitate the business of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be read a third time. _
Mr. LATHAM. I call the previous question. 1
The previous question was seconded; and the 1
main question was ordered to be put. .
The mam question being, " Shall the bill be read
mail from North Carolina [Mr. Cusgmas j objects
to such ordei; and the Chair ruies that the motion
IB out of order. .
Mr. COBB. Then 1 shall have to submit. I
think the Chair is perfectly riiilit 111 his decision;
and therefore I move that the bill be lelerred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be piimed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. .
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote referring this
lull to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon
the table.
The gentleman has not the ftoor
Mr. COBB.
to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was recognized by the Chair; but the gen-
tleman from Virginia rose, and said that he had a
a third time was put, and decided 111 the affirma- :j pnvlleged question. The Chair does not under-
atniiuuiiie. 1 I stand the gentleman from Tennessee as yielding
' ""' t(ie
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr COBB. The Committee on Public, Lands,
to which was referred House hill No. 1—bettei
Wwnas the homestead bill-leaving out many
preliminary parts of the title-have had the same
yieiUMg
'"Mr. COBB. Does the Chair suppose that I
have yielded the th
I The SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose
1 that the gentleman has the floor upon this partic-
| ular proposition.
Mr. COBB. I will yield the floor, satisfied that
the bill is in good hands.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to remark that,
if I can get the floor on Monday next, ! shall
move to suspend the rules, so as to make the
homestead bill a special order for some future
, day.
! Mr. COBB. I was about to say that I should
try to get the floor for the same purpose; so that,
! between us both, we may accomplish this object.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, I rise to inquire what would
be the effect of the motion made by the gentleman
from Virginia? [Mr. Mili.son.] Will it not carry
the bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mill-
son's motion; and it was decided m theaffirmative.
Mr. COBB. 1 am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to report an amendment to that
portion of the homestead lull juist referred which
; related to the graduation of the price of the public
lands.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House the amendment can be sent to the
i Committee of the Whole, to be considered m con-
; nection with the homestead bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
[ Mr. COBB. What right has the gentleman
from New York to object?
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair understands the
gentleman from Alabama as having reported, a
few minutes ago, the homestead bill, which,upon
his motion, was referred to the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union. The gentleman
now rises 111 his place and proposes to offer a sub-
■ stitute 
Mr. COBB. No, sir, not a substitute—an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes then
' to oiler an amendment, which he desires shall ne-
' company the lull as such. The Chair decides
that it can only he done by unanimous consent.
1 Mr. COBB. The amendment pertains to,and
i is a part of the same bill.
I The SPEAKER. The amendment should have
accompanied the bill at the time it was reported
by the committee. The Chair would suggest,
however, to the gentleman, that perhaps he may
accomplish his purpose by offering his amend-
ment as a separate bill.
Mr. COBB. Then I will offer it as such.
The lull was then introduced as " A bill to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands;"
which was read a first and serond time by its
title, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
011 the stale of the Union, and, with the repoit,
ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN OF CITIZENS OF THE UNITED
STATES BORN ABROAD.
Mr. CUTTING. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred the
mouiry whether any, and it any, what Se^is'alion
is necessary to secure the right of citizenship io
children born out of the Uniteu Slates, whose
parents at the time of such birth are citizens of
the United States, and dnecting them 10 leport at
as early a day as possible, Uy bill or otherwise,
to report to the House a bill, which is eminently
i necessary m orderto correcta lamentable deiectin
the law as it now stands. After the bill has been
read, with the peimission of the House, I will
briefly explain the objects of the bill; and I am
convinced that, from a sense of justice, the sympa-
thies and patriotic sentiments of members of the
Hou$e will concur in saying that it deserves im-
1 mediate action at the hands of the House.
I The bill was read a first and second time by Us
title, as follows: . . ,
" A bill to secure the rights of citizenship to the
children of citizens born out of the limits of the
■ United States." /-u.ir
It was then read in extenso by the ClrrK.
i It provides that all persons born out of the limits
' or jurisdiction of the United States, whose fathers
J„ at the time of t'-eir birth, citizens of the
"i United States, shall be deemed and c, nsidered as
! citizens of the United States, provided that the
! rl„hts of citizenship shall not descend to persons
'I whose fathers never resided in tne United States.
•I It also provides that when a woman, not a citi-
!- n 0f the United States, is married to a citizen,
|! Jhe shall be deemed to be a citizen of the United
j States.
V
