172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
Mr. HOUSTON. I then move that the bill be j
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, j
The SPEAKER. That motion will be enter-
tained.
Mr. HILLYER. I will make a remark in re-
ply to the gentleman fromTennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
This is the regular day tor considering the bills
upon the Private Calendar. Those bills interest a
very large portion of our community, who, I will
venture to say, have been badly treated by this
House. Many of these claims are just. They
have been pending for years before the legislative
body of our country, and have not yet been acted
upon. I do hope that the House will not depart
from the regular order of its business so as to dis-
turb its action on these private claims. I trust
that the House will resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, according to our rules,
and according to the rights this day of parties
upon the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remark that
lie has indulged the gentleman from Tennessee,
and the gentleman from Georgia, in remarks upon
the motion that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House; but such mo-
tion iS not debatable.
The question now being on the motion, that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar,
Mr. WALSH demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Mr. McNair, and Mr. Harris of
Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 90.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. With the permission of the House,
however, before that question is taken, the Chair
will present a communication from the State De-
partment.
No objection being made—
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the State Department, transmit-
ting certain reports and statements required by
" An act to regulate and fix the compensation of
clerks in the different offices,"approved April 20,
1818; and by the eleventh section of " An act
legalizing and making appropriations for such
necessary objects as have usually been included in
the general appropriation bills, without authority !
of law, and to fix and provide for certain inci- |
dental expenses of the Departments and offices, '
and for other purposes," approved 2(jth August, |
1842; and also that called for by the resolution of ,
the House of Representatives, of January 13, I
1846. I
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. '
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee 1
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and it was ,
decided in the affirmative. j
The House accordingly resolved itself into the i
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, ,
(Mr. Orr m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, at its last
meeting, had under consideration the subject of
the reference of tlie President's message, and upon ;
that subject the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Ewinc] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EW1NG having the floor, remarked that j
there was one point m the message of the Presi-
dent on which he desired to make a few remarks— 1
the levying of tonnage duties on domestic com-
merce for the support of infernal improvements.
He objected to the recommendation contained in 1
the President's message in this respect, especially ,
on the grounds of its unconstitutionality. Were !
this mode carried out, he considered that it would ,
be the introduction, not only of a system of unjust ■
taxation, but of great discord, and, perhaps, of a
dissolution of the Union. By a careful examina-
tion of the Constitution, it would be found that
the only power of a State to levy duties was upon 1
foieign, and not upon domestic commerce. [Mr. j
E. quoted various authorities m support of this
position, which will heieaftei be published.]
Having referred to the constitutionality of the ,
question, and assuming that he htfd only been par-
tially successful m the proving the positions he had ;
laid down, he might content himself, and there
rest. But perhaps he might be allowed to say |
that, after the West had born its fair share of the
burden of taxation, by which the Atlantic coast
was studded with buoys, light-houses, dock-yards,
and fortifications, it seemed to be somewhat un-
gracious for the President of the United States
and the Senator ft um Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to
make such suggestions as that such improvements
as were required in our western States should be
made by a tax upon the localities requiring them.
Such being the statement of a President coming
from one of the older States, it might perhaps
hardly be wondered at; but what should be said
of a western Senator—a man of much judgment
and popularity—recommending such a course as
this? This was indeed a heavy burden which he
proposed to add to those the people of the West
had already to bear, and he trusted such a meas-
ure would never receive the sanction of.the Gov-
ernment of this country.
Untold millions had been expended upon the
States bordering upon the sea—millions to which
all the States had contributed—and yet they were
advised to make sub-confederacies, and levy ton-
nage duties to make those improvements which
were necessary to the very existence of that com-
merce which contributed to the welfare of all.
This was the most monstrous suggestion ever
heard of. There was already one great Confeder-
acy; in that the whole States were united ; and
now they were advised to spin? it up into frag-
ments, in order to meet this fanciful constitutional
objection to, internal improvements! Was ever
anything more monstrous?
During the delivery of Mr. E.'s remarks, a dis-
cussion arose upon a point of order as to whether
a member of the House could advert to lemarks
made by a member of the Senate; which the
Chairman decided could not be done in order.
* [Mr. Ewing's speech will be found in the\^.p-
! pendix.] X#
| The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Our.) The Chains
' of opinion that he decided the question of order
j raised by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
! Phillips] too broadly. I 4find in the Manual
j this rule:
{ " It a breach of order in debate to notice what has been
1 said on the  ame subject ni the oilier House, or the partic-
| ular votes, or majorities on it there; because the opinion of
each House should be left to it-> own independency, not to
he influenced by the proceedings of the other; and the
quoting: litem might beget reflections leading to a misunder-
standing between the two Houses."
Mr. EWING. I think the Chair is laboring
under a mistake. The speech from which I read
was a speech of the last session, and it has, con-
sequently, passed out of the power of Congress as
completely as if it weie a matter of half a century
gone by. It has been published by the Senator
himself to f he country. It wasa matter belonging
to the action of the last Congress. It is a part of
the history of that Congress, and is not now a
proposition pending before the other branch of the
National Legislature.
The CHAIRMAN. If the remarks of thegen-
tleman [Mr. Ewing] had been confined exclusively
to the action of the last Congress—to the proceed-
ings of the last Congiess—the Chair is of opin-
ion that the gentleman might have alluded to them
in order; but if the gentleman alludes to a matter
now pending before another branch of Congress,
the Chair thinks he is not in order; and the gen-
tleman, I understand, made some allusion to what
had transpired during the present Congress, and
such an allusion would be out of order according
to the Manual. That which has been said or done
in the Senate at a preceding Congress is a legiti-
mate subject of comment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say a word.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. If the gentleman [Mr.
Richardson] be not going to speak in reference to
the point of order, he will permit me to make a
single susfffpstion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a re-
mark on that subject. It is proper that the ques-
tion should be decided correctly.
Mr. BAYLY, of Vugima. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. T did not choose to in-
terrupt the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ew-
ikg] during the progress of his remarks, though
the point suggested itself to me at once, when the
allusion was made. During the short period that
I have served here, no gentleman has ever been
permitted to allude to remarks made in the Senate.
I To avoid that rule, they have very often quoted
> from speeches which they have seen published in
i such and such a paper.
; Mr. CLINGMAN. In the public newspapers,
j Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes. The point has
! been made even then, and the Chair has sustained
it, and the House has sustained the Chair in its
decision. The reason for the rule is, that there
. may be no conflict between the members of the
! two bodies; and the moment you depart from that
rule you open the door which lets in consequences
I which would be evil enough, God knows.
; Mr. KEITT obtained the floor.
Mr. MeQ,(JEEN. My colleague [Mr. Keitt]
, supposed that the House would have gone into the
consideration of private bills to-day, and not into
committee. He is therefore not at this moment
prepared for the question under consideration, and
asks the couitesy of the House to rise. 1 make
, that motion.
! The question was put, and the motion was
| agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of thecom-
i mittee [Mr. Orr] reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
j ingto order, had the state of the Union generally
| under consideration, and particularly the Presi-
dent's message, and had come to no conclusion
■ thereon
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
i now proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
i agreed to.
; ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
| The SPEAKER. The first business upon the
i Speaker's table is Senate bill No. 13. entitled "An
act prescribing the manner of appointing the As-
! sistant Secretary of the Treasury." The demand
, for the previous question was pending when this
i bill was last under consideration.
The previous question was then seconded, and
! the mam question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment to
, the original bill, proposed by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] The question will first
be taken upon that amendment, and then upon the
substitute offered by the gentleman from South
; Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
j Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to withdraw
1 that amendment, as the substitute of the gentle-
1 man from South Carolina covers the same ground,
i The SPEAKER. It can be withdrawn if there
, be no objection.
i No objection was made, and the amendment
i was withdrawn.
I The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
1 bill, and then the substitute.
The bill was then read, as follows:
" Be it enacted, ■$•<.., That the Assistant Secretary of the
, Treasury, authorized by the tnirtcenth section of the < Act
to establish the Home Department, ami to provide for the
Trea-uty Depaitment an A«s?istan* Secretary ot the Treas-
ury, and a Comiins-sioner of the Custom-,' approved the 3d
of March, 1849, lie, Irom and after the passage of this acu
, appointed by the President of the United States, by and
witli the advice and consent of the Senate."
The SPEAKER. The substiiute is to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and substitute in
lieu thereof what will be read by the Clerk.
! The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
aThat hereafter, a« the office of As-sistant Secretary ofthe
Tiea-ury sh.ill he vacated, tfie appointmentofhi<succe<sor
shall be made by the President ol the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
. adoption of the substitute for the bill.
; Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
| and nays upon that question.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
; The question was then put, upon the adoption
| of the substitute, and decided m the affirmative—
' yeas 96, nays 70; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Barks-dale, Barry, Belcher, Bis-e!l, Boeoek, TheckmrMge,
Bridge*, Brooks, Chinch well, Clat k, Cobb,Colquitt, Oaige,
John G. Davis. Thomas Davis, Dawson. De Witt, Dow-
■ dell, Dunhar, Kdmunds-on, Ellis-on, Ethendjie, FaiJev,
Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Green, Creemvuod,
Grey, Grow, Sampson W. JIarn«. Wiley P. Harm, Hen-
dricks, H  nn, lliiihard, Hillver, Houston, Howe, Hughes,
Inyersoll. Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jone*, Roland Jones,
Kpitf, Kidweil, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Lilly, Macdonold,
McNair, McUueen, Maxwell, Mayall, Smith Millei, Mill-
son. Morrison, Murray, Noble, Orr, Hnhop Perkins, John
| Peikiris, Phelps, PhiJhp<, Pratt, Jttthar<l:«qn, Thomas
I Ritchey, RobhiHs, Rowe, Kuffin, Sapp, Seward, Seymour,
