1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try who are not "free?" I ask this because he
uses the term " free white persons."
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will examine the
first section of the bill, he will find that it is con-
fined exclusively to free white persons, while the
sixth section is tor the benefit of " individuals,"
wiiftout specifying the color. I think, for this
reason, it is necessaryvto adopt the amendment.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I hope that so immaterial
an amendment or change of the bill aa this is,
will not be made. It is very certain, that under
the bill as it now stands, it cannot have the opera-
lion which the Senator from Kentucky seems to
apprehend; for the bill, in the first and operative
section, confines the benefit of it to free white
citizens of the United States. In the subsequent
section, which he proposes to amend, the word
" individuals " is used, and would evidently seem
to relate to the fust section, but if it did not, what |
foieigner is there who can come to this country
and become a citizen, who is not, in common par-
lance and understanding, deemed a white man?
Certainly, negroes cannot be such. I hope, there-
fore, thai a change so immaterial as this will not ;
Oe made. I trust the bill will not be sent back to ;
the House of Representatives on such a trivial j
ground. I
Mr. DIXON". Mr. President, if the Senator
will examine the first section of the bill, he will
see that u uses the phrase "free white persons."
t I suppose the object of using that phrase was to
exclude persons who are not white. I do not
myself understand that the Senator from Wis-
consin, who reported this bill, could have had any
other object in view, in adopting the phraseology
44 free white person," than to exclude persons
who are not white.
Now, sir, the first section of the bill is confined
entirely to citizens of the United States. The
sixth section is intended to embrace persons who
are riot citizens of the United States, but who are
residents of a Territory or a State. Does not the
Senator see at once that the operation of the bill
will be that if you bring into this country foreign-
ers who aie black, and if they become residents
of a Territory or a State, they will be embraced
within the sixth section of the bill which is before
the Senate? You may, it is true, exclude black
persons who are now living in the United States,
who are not foreigners; but persons who are for-
eigners, and are black, are clearly embraced by
the language of the sixth section of the bill, which
is that any " individual now a resident of one of
the S'ates or Territories," shall be entitled to the
benefi'S of the act upon complying with certain
conditions. It is perfectly manifest to my mind
that black persons are embraced by this language;
but if the Senatordoes not mean to embrace them,
why not adopt the amendment ? If it be adopted,
there can no longer be any ambiguity about it.
Mr. CLAY. I concur fully with the Senator
from Kentucky in his construeton of the act, and
in further coriobon tioii of it, I will mention that
the next section uses the word " individual?;" so
that it would seem to my reading that the purpose
of it was to provide for two classes: First, citizens
of the United States, who are free white people,
and secondly, foreigners who may be resident in
the country, or who may come here before the
passage of the act, and who may not be free
white persons. Now, in the State of California,
as I understand, theie is a large number of per-
sons who, as { suppose, would not be called white
people—I mean the Chinese. But, under the pro-
visions of this bill, I presume they would each be
entitled to one hundted and sixty acres of land. I
do not wi^h to have any misunderstanding or dif-
ficulty about the interrelation of the bill. Let us
may be entitled to vote in that State; but they can-
not be entitled to citizenship in the United States,
according to the laws of the United States. The
bill, as it stands, provides expressly, ihatthe pei-
son, to make his entry of land available, must,
within the five years, become a citizen of theUni-
i ted States. Where, then, is the necessity of any
i such amendment?
! Mr. CLAY. It is just this, if the honorable
Senator will allow me to interrupt him: It is true he
cannot obtain a patent for the land until he become
a citizen; but then he can obtain the use and the
occupation of it for an indefinite period of time
under the bill.
Mr. STUART, Not at all, because he must
be a person who can declare his intention to be-
come a citizen of t-he United States, and must
have the capacity, in time, to become a citizen.
But, sir, as I have said to the Senate before, if
I am mistaken in this construction of the bill in
respect to the time of occupancy, I shall be willing
to amend it to limit it to five years' occupancy, and
provide expressly that the right of occupancy shall
terminate at the end of five years, unless the oc-
cupant was a person who could become, and would
take the necessary means to become, a citizen of
the United Slates. The objection now urged is
certainly far-fetched. It is supposing an extreme
possibility that cannot happen in practice; and I
agree with the Senator from Wisconsin, that we
should not be called upon to amend this bill in a
manner so entirely trivial, as it seems to me this
is. If it were a substantial objection I would
consent to yield to n; but I really do not see any
i difficulty to arise out of leaving the provision as
it is.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me that there is certainly some importance in this
amendment. Though the right to obtain a title
to these lands from the United States by patent,
must depend upon the fact of a party becoming a '
citizen, yet the right to enter upon the lands, to 1
occupy them, and i eside there as a settler, is de-
pendent simply on the fact that the individual, in
the languageof the bill, declares his intention to
become a ctlizen. Now, sir, under the natural-
ization laws of the United States, the declaration !
of intention may be made either in a State court
or in a Federal court. If the declaration of inten-
tion to become a citizen be made in a State court,
and that court chooses to receive it, the public
officer cannot look behind the declaration of in-
tention, as to the question whether the State court
had a light to take that declaration or not. There-
fore, I think it is necessary that this restriction
should be imposed, unless you mean toadmitthat
the negro population of the United States shall
become settlers upon the public lands. Especially
do I think it necessary, when I see many of the
prevalent opinions of some parts of this Union.
In many parts it is contended that negroes are
citizens. In such a case a State court would not
hesitate a moment to admit the declaration; and
certainly the receiver or other laud officer taking
the entry, will have no judicial authority to look
behind the declaration. If the declaration be pre-
sented by a party, and his identity be ascertained,
he will have a right to settle upon the lands under
i this bill. I submit that the amendment is essen-
I tial.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to ask my
I friends from Kentucky and Alabama one question.
I I would vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, if I were not perfectly satisfied
that the whole question was covered by the sixth
section itself. If I understand it, it provides that
it shall apply only to a free white man. It
requires that the foreigner, to avail himself of its
benefit, " shall have filed a declaration of intention,
as required by the naturalization laws of the United
rm-ke it plain, and intelligible, and susceptible of ■. States " Does the Senator from Kentucky admit
' ' T 0, 1 . . .1 .!. .. .1, ~      K. ..... .V>OV.
but one construction. I shall vote for the amend
ment.
Mr. STUART. I submit to the consideration
of the honorable Senator frovi Alabama, whether
any such person as one to whom he alludes, can,
under the laws of the United States, become a citi-
zen ? I understand that, under the laws of the
United States, none but white persons can become
citizens of the country. If that be true, then no
that the naturalization laws apply to a man of
color? Again, it is provided that he "shall be-
come a citizen of the same before the issuance of
the pa'ent " Now, does the Senator admit that
a negro, under any contingency whatever, can
become a cirtzen of the United States? If he
admits that, then his amendment is a good one;
but I deny that a negro can ever become a citizen
of the United States, under the Constitution and
man other than such a one, can avail himself of , the laws of the land. If he cannot become a citi
the provisions of this law. i zen, the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
Negroes cannot become citizens. They maybe ^ tucky is of no sort of importance. If Senators
entitled to hold lands in a particular State; they admit that negroes can become citizens, they
admit that Fred. Douglass may take his placevin
the Congress of the United States, if^he.sho^id
be elected—a proposition against which I ewer
my solemn protest. They are not citizens it) the
contemplation of the Constitution, and can neyer
become citizens. If they cannot, the la.w, is>p£r-
fect and complete, as it is in the sixth section. .
Mr. GEYER. Mr President, I am frierKf/y to
the provisions of this bill so far as they contem-
plate grants of land to citizens of the United States,
native and naturalized, but I am against the pro-
vision which proposes to make grants to aliens,
and I am especially opposed to the sixth section,
because, in my apprehension, by possibility a
negro might make a declaration of intention to be-
come a euifcen, obtain a certificate, which would
admit of his making entry upon the public lands,
and afterwards obtaining a title to them, if he
resided there dunng the period required by the bill.
But 1 wish, before I proceed any further, to put
one interrogatory to the friends of this section,
and it is, why was a discrimination made between
the first and the sixth section ? Why was the
word "white" inserted in the first section, which
applies to citizens of the United States, and that
word omitted in the. sixth section, which applies
to aliens?
Mr. STUART. If the Senatdr will allow me,
I will answer that question. I will give him the .
reason, as the history of the bill shows it. "When
the bill was matured in the Committee of the
House of Representatives, those words were not
m the first section, but a motion was made at a
later stage of the bill to insert the words in that
particular place, and it was done. The bill, ori-
ginally, did not intend to mike the discrimination
at all, because it was not deemed necessary to
make it.
Mr. GEYER. That explanation, 1 take it, is
merely informing us that the friends of this bill
intended to make no discrimination whatever be-
tween black and white. They amended the first
section by inseiting the words " free white," and
did not amend the sixth section by inserting the
same woids. That is what I understand by the
explanation of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. 11 explains how, but not why, the discrimi-
nation was made.
Now, sir, if it is designed that hone but white
persons shall obtain a title to lanu under the s.ixth
section, why should objection be made to insert-
ing the very words which the laws of the United
Slates authorizing naturalization contain? By
those laws none but a "free white persgn" can ob-
tain a certificate of naturalization. If a person, in
order to obtain the benefit of the sixth section by
a patent, must necessarily be a white person, why
omit the word " white ?" Why not put it in,so
as to place it beyond all question, that colored per-
sons are not intended to be comprehended by it?
But, sir, are we certain that, even as the natu-
ralization laws stand, negroes may not obtain the
benefits of this section? 1 refer not to negroes
born in this country, who are claimed to be citi-
zens of the United States in some portion of the
Union, but to those who come from abroad.
In the first place, v. hat. is to prevent an alien
negro coming into the United States, (or a negro
whether he be an alienor not,)and going into one
of your State courts, and making a declaration of
intention to become a citizen ? Who shall prevent
it? He goes to the clerk of the court and obtains
his certificate. Clerks are to be found everywhere
who will grant a certificate for a fee. When he
has thus made his declaration, he enters upon the
land,and cannotbeexpelled from it for five years.
Nor, sir, can he, as I will show presently, be
turned out of the possession of the land at any
time, because, in order to occupy it, he is not
under the necessity of having a certificate of natu-
ralization.
But again, sir, in these times, when we have
gentlemen in the public councils, and may have
| on the bench, who believe in the "higher law
doctrine," and who would be ready to seize upon
any words, in any act of Congress, to enable them
to give an interpretation favorable to their views,
what is to prevent them from deciding that this
word "individual," standing here in the sixth
section, in bold relief against the language of the
fust section, was intended to abrogate the restric-
tion which confines the naturalization of foreigners
to white persons? Who can anticipate what, in
these times, would be the consequence of leaving
