174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
of such bold, generous, and persevering human,
ity, that the occasion seems to me to demand
acknowledgments on the part of the Government
which are seldom made. The wrecked steamship
was in the employment of the Government. The
persons rescued were, for the most part, our own
officers and troops.
For nearly or quite two weeks, their sufferings
and perils were prolonged, while the shattered ship
was exposed to the fury of the ocean under the
most appalling circumstances, and with the pros-
pect of destruction every hour. Her rescue was
effected, sir, by men who could he moved only by
the noblest impulses, and who thus impelled, them-
selves encountered extraordinary risks and dan-
gers.
The ship Three Bells, though not first in the
rescue, may appropriately be named first, because
she was a British ship. Though this ship was
leaking and short of provisions, her noble-hearted
commander and his crew lay by this shattered
wreck for six days, straining: every nerve for the
rescue of their fellowmen; and all the accounts tes-
tify that nothing could exceed the tenderness and
kindness with which those who were rescued were
treated on board of that ship.
The bark'Kilby was American, and was the
first m the rescue. She, too, had been storm-
tossed and disabled in part; yet for two days her
gallant commander and crew lay by the wreck of
the San Francisco; and were then only parted
from it by the irresistible force of the ocean. For
two days more they cruised about amidst a stormy
sea in search ofher; and even now that vessel is a
wanderer amidst the perils of that stormy element;
though, happily, many of those who were res-
cued by her were transferred to another ship, and
have arrived safely among their countrymen and
friends.
The conduct of the officers and crew of the ship
Antarctic is equally honorable.
Other Governments, sir, recognize and reward
such services as these. Very lately, Captain
Nye, of the mail steamship Pacific, his mate and
boat's crew, were thanked and rewarded by the
British Government, in a most liberal and grateful
spirit, for a similar rescue of British sailors, it
becomes us, sir, to follow, with at least equal
steps, this example; and as our Executive does
not possess the necessary means and authority,
Congress should supply them. This will be both
just and wise, as rewarding great merit, and en-
couraging others to similar gallantry hereafter.
Extraordinary heroism and humanity will al-
ways receive the just applause of men. But the
public authority should furnish an enduring evi-
dence of the public approbation, and such memo-
rials of it as may be honorable to the Government,
and cherished by the brave men who have so
richly earned them.
The committee will, of course, obtain authentic
and official information before they report for the
final action of Congress.
1 have said nothing, sir, of the officers and crew
of the lost ship. All accounts ngree as to the un-
bienching courage, the active skill,and patientper-
severence of her commander, who seems to have
displayed ail the qualities which give honor to the
character of the American seaman. What shall
be due to him, his officers and crew, and the des-
titute troops on board his ship, will doubtless be
properly determined hereafter. The acknowledg-
ment due to the rescuers, to be graceful, should be
as prompt as possible.
Air. SHIELDS. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state that I have just come from the War
Department, and have had a conference with the
head of that Department in relation to this matter.
1 have also prepared a resolution of inquiry for
the purpose of ascertaining something authentic
in relation to everything connected with the mat-
ter, so that we may know not only on whom to
bestow thanks, but where to afford relief. This
is a matter winch properly belongs to the War
Department. The men who were lost were sol-
diers, and the vessel was chartered by the War
Depaitment, and the vessels sent in search of it
were sent by that Department. All the authentic
information will be obtained fiom that Department,
In consultation with the Secretary of War, T
learned that within two or three days he expects
to have full and authentic information on the whole |
suoject. With the consent of the honorable Sena- I
tor from ?vlaryland, therefore, I wish to offer a i
resolution in lieu of his, calling for information.
1 do not wish to enter into any comment on the
matter, because the information is not yet authen-
tic, and we cannot yet act wisely, or perhaps
justly, towards the parties engaged in the rescue
of this vessel, or towards those who are accused
of neglecting to render efficient aid, without having
the whole authentic information before the body.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition of the
Senator from Illinois is, to strike out all after the
word "resolved" and insert
That the Secretary of War be requested to lay before the
Senate all authentic information which he may possess m
relation to llie wieck or'the steamer San Francisco, and the
loss of life and property occasioned Ity tins disaster, the
means employed by the Department and otherwise for the
rescue of the vessel and passengers, the number and situ-
ation of the survivors, and the nature and extent of the relief
required by their calamitous condition.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the considera-
tions which the Senator from Illinois has stated to
the Senate had prevented me from submitting a
resolution for the direct action of the Senate. I
made this a resolution of inquiry in its character,
so that from its terms the committee would be en-
abled to make just such inquiries as the Senator
proposes the Secretary of War shall be asked to
make. I do not therefore see that it is very im-
portant; however, I am quite willing, if the Senate
is anxious to substitute one for the other, that it
may do so.
Mr.GWIN. I hope the resolution will pass as
offered by the Senator from Maryland. Thesub-
ject.that he proposes to refer to the Naval Com-
mittee has reference to thegallantry displayed by
the commanders and crews of the vessels that
relieved the persons on board the San Francisco.
The Committee on Naval Affairs had this subject
under consideration this morning, and has in-
structed one of its members to introduce a resolu-
tion from the committee covering the subject in
the one under consideration. Presuming that
that portion of the subject would pertain to the
action of the committee, I am glad to see the Sen-
ator from Maryland entertains the same opinion,
and has taken the initiative in this matter to in-
struct the committee to act.
There are several acts of legislation which, it
seems to me, are required at the hands of Con-
gress in connection with this great disaster, some
of which should be matured by the Committee on
Military Affairs, others by the Committee on
Commeice; and what should be done in appre-
ciation of the conduct of those on board of the
vessels who relieved the sufferers on board the
San Francisco, by the Naval Committee. There
ought to be pensions granted to the heirs and
legal representatives of those who were lost on
that vessel, who were in the service of the United
States. There ought to be additional pay granted
to the officers, non-commissioned officers and sol-
diers, who have been saved from the wreck.
I have been informed by an officer of the Army
that they drew six months' pay in advance, to
give themselves an outfit; all of which is lost,
as well as their private baggage. The Govern-
ment ought to provide for these snffereis by a lib-
eral extra pay, to meet the actual loss they have
thus sustained. I hope the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. .Shields] will confine his resolution to those
questions which properly pertain to the action of
the Military Committee, m granting extra pay;
and that the chairman of the Committee on Com-
j merce will take charge of such a poition as may
( pertain to that committee, in regaid to the testi-
, monials that should be given to the offices and
crews of those ships. I think that the subject
j should go to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
I hope the Committee on Pensions will be m-
I structed to report a bill giving pensions to the heirs
or legal representatives of those persons in the ser-
j vice of the United States, who were lost by this
' terrible shipwrei k.
I Mr. SHIELDS. I have not the slightest objec-
, tion to let the resolution of the Senator from Ma-
! ryiand go to the committee of which the Senator
from California is chairman. The resolution
j which I was about to offer is one entirely different,
■ because it is one covering the whole ground, and
is one asking for authentic information in relation
to the whole matter. Now, sir, I intended, in
offering that resolution, to abstain from any com-
ment, from a single observation either of thanks
> or otherwise, until we have full information before
[ us. First, as to the nature of the disaster; second,
as to the relief which the Government was able
to furnish—and I understand that the Govern-
ment was not able to furnish relief very prompt-
ly for the want of the proper kind of vessels—
next, as to the relief afforded by private individ-
uals; next, as to the numberwho were lost by the
disaster; next, as to the survivors, their condition,
and the character of the relief to be extended to
them.
It is only information for this body that I ask
for from the proper Department, now engaged in
the collection of that information, having sent to
the city of New York for officers, who are to be
here in a day or two, to give all the information.
That is all the object I had in view. It does
not conflict with the resolution of the honorable
Senator from Maryland; but I do not wish to
commence bestowing thanks, or basing any action
in this body upon newspaper report merely. I do
not think any Senator ought to rise up here and
single out any one individual, although I agree
fully with the Senator from California, that if
these reports be true, and this gallant Englishman,
at the risk of his own life and vessel, lay by the
side of the San Francisco for days, and rescued
the survivors, he is entitled to the thanks of this
country. But let us ascertain that fact authenti-
cally; let us not fly off here, as we often do, with-
out having one particle of correct, authentic inform-
ation. How can we distribute justice among these
men, or how can we afford relief properly, without
information? I want information immediately,
and an officer is expected in this city to-night who
can give that information. That is my object;
but I do not desire to interfere with the proposition
of the Senator from Maryland. Let that go to
the committee; they will have enough to do, and I
hope, as I am sure they will, do what is requisite,
with great ability.
Mr. MASON. I understand thatthetwo reso-
lutions are entirely distinct. The resolution offered
by the Senator from Maryland, provides for some
appropriate testimonial on the part of Congress
in honor of the gallantry and-humanity which
led those three vessels to the rescue of the sur-
vivors on the wreck. The object of the Senator
from Illinois—and a very proper object—is to in-
quire and ascertain the facts, and see what other
duties or obligations may devolve upon the Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, I respond entirely and fully to what
has fallen from the Senator from Maryland. This
is an extraordinary occasion,and one which should
be extraordinarily met. We have not full accounts,
but we have facts which none can dispute, show-
ing that the officers of these three vessels, although
themselves disabled by the same storm, imperiled
their own lives, and the vessels committed to them,
in order to make this rescue; and they did it gal-
lantly, by perseverance for days and nights. But
1 want to say this also: it strikes me forciblythat
the resolution of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land should be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; not from any choice between the two
committees, but because it is the appropriate duty
of that committee to make this acknowledgment.
The San Francisco was chartered by the War
Department; it was filled with troops of the United
States, belonging to the War Department; the loss
has occurred to that branch of the military service,
and the acknowledgment, it seems to me, should
come from it. The Secretary of War, under
whose guidance this vessel was chartered, and the
troops prepared to be sent abroad, I should think,
would feel, very deeply feel, it a duty on his De-
partment, and on him personally, to be responsible
for that matter. The resolution of the Senator
from Maryland goes only to some appropriate
testimonial for the gallantry of the officers and
crewsof the three ships; and, withhis permission, I
would suggest that the reference should be changed
to the Committee on Military Affairs, as piope"rly
belonging to that committee, instead of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
I would say, further, in reference to what has
fallen from the Senator from California, that it will
devolve upon this Government, and ought to de-
volve upon it, to make full remuneration for the
losses which have been sustained by the officers
and troops who were on board that ship, and who
weie survivors; and to provide, so far as may be
right and proper for those who are left, and the
families of those who aie deceased. But we must
do it with care and judgment to avoid a bad pre-
