Vf4%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
the provision as it is? Are we sure that the!
judicial officers of the States (arid many inferior
tribunals have the jurisdiction, and whose power
nobody questions, to grant certificates of Natural-
ization) will not grant a certificate to a negro ?
And when the certificate is granted, who will
question it? Can it be questioned by your officers
in the land office? No, sir. This section enables
a man, upon obtaining a certificate, to get the title
to the land, and the validity of the certificate can-
not be questioned, if issued by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction.
It seems to me singular that the precedent fur-
nished by the territorial act referred to by she Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] has not been
followed, and the provisions of the first and sixth
sections incorporated in one section. That act
provides for a grant of land " to every white male
citizen of the United States, and every white male
person above the age of twenty-one years, who
has declared his intention to become a citizen."
This phraseology is unequivocal. Why shall it
not be adopted, or language of like import be in-
serted in this bill? Why persist in leaving its
provisions doubtful, and liable to abuse, by a con-
struction rendered plausible, to say the least, by
the marked difference in the language employed
in the two sections?
But, sir, I have said that the alien need never
•get a certificate of naturalization at all, and that
he cannot be turned out of possession if he does
not. By the first section, a citizen cannot, nor
can an alien under the sixth section, obtain a pat-
ent until the expiration of five years; but he is
not obliged to obtain his patent on the day on
which the five years expires, nor within the year.
If he may postpone it one day, he may postpone
it a year, or twenty years. We know, moreover,
society which has been organized in this city, to
Nebraska and Kansas. I do not believe that it
is going to reclaim the loafers of the cities, and
convert them into honest, industrious farmers, it'
will diminish somewhat your receipts into the
Treasury; but it will accomplish some good, and
for that reason I will vote for it, if amended. In
the agricultural States, at least, if not in the plant-
ing States, or where the public lands lie, there are
many farmers occupying small farms, who may
be called poor, who, though doing weil enough
quire an alien to make a declaration of intention,
and to take an oath before he can become entitled
to naturalization, and allows none to become nat-
uralized who are not white; but this section em-
braces all persons who are residents of a State or
Territory, whether they be black or whether they
be white; and the only thing it is necessary for
them to do under it, is to take the oath and make
the declaration, to entitle them at once to enter
upon the laud. What signifies it if the act which
the Senator has read embraces only free white
I admit it relates
UC UVUIJ nil") h    "'Oil - . J J
for themselves and their families, are not able to || persons, as he says it does . i. te * e
provide homes for their sons, accustomed to agri- I] only to free white persons; but, sir, the effect of
cultural labor on their fathers'farm, who desire this section is to bring negroes within the pro-
- ■ • visions of that, act, and to extend to them all the
advantages and benefits of naturalization which
have heretofore been extended to the white man
alone. It not only does this, but it goes further.
It takes in all the Indians at home and abroad.
s, and every
Anglo-Saxon
to establish themselves, and have not the means
to purchase land. They may, under the pro-
visions of this bill, if it becomes a law, establish
themselves, and each acquire a title to a quarter
section of land in the neighborhood of the parent, . ** .....   
it may be; and thus many industrious and worthy ,| It takes m the Chinese, the coolies, t
citizens may be benefited, not oniy without loss, jl description of individual, from the An.
• * * « .1 .   i  k t — —^3 r ii—i tUo t—t nftottf Af i f « pr 1h ftvf
but with greatadvantage to the country. Beyond
this, in my judgment, the bill will accomplish very
little good.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to have
the question settled, whether, under the sixth sec-
tion, any man, not a white man, can enjoy the
benefits of the act. If I thought so, I should vote
for the amendment of rny friend from Kentucky
down to the Hottentot. It takes m every person
on the face of the earth who may think proper to
come here and become a resident of a Territory or
a State, and then swear, as the naturalization
laws of the country require him to swear, that he
intends to become a citizen. When he does this
he may enter upon the land at once.
But, sir, 1 have said that the provisions of this
But I understood the Senator n-om Missouri "to Sj section are in direct conflict with the ac- of Con-
say it was not clear that, under the naturalization i| gress authorizing the naturalization of foreigners,
law. a colored man might not become a citizen of ! That act embraces only white persons, and this
law, a colored man might not
the United States.
Mr. GEYER. No, sir. It is clear enough, to
i my apprehension, that he cannot become a citizen.
But what I did say was, that that question would
not be inquired into, on making the declaration
section takes in all individuals. Its language is #
! any individual " now a resident of any of the
1 States or Territories, and not a citizen of the
i United States, but at the time of making such
' application for the benefit of this act shall have
that*there are titles to land emanating from the j; made between the language of the first and sixth
Government of the United States, where parties j sections may furnish a judge who is willing to set
have a right to a patent, but often many years
elapse before they obtain it. The foreigner has a
right to the land rightfully entered under the sec-
tion, and cannot be disturbed in the possession of
it; he cannot be coerced to abjure his allegiance to
a foreign Power, and swear allegiance to the United
States, until it suits him to do so.
of intentio^i. and that the discrimination which is jj filed a declaration of intention to become a citizen,
' - • The word individual, is a general term, and
embraces every person, both white and black.
And every person, both white ond black, not being
! up a higher law, room to make a construction in
favor of the naturalization of negroes.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not suppose
: that we are proceeding here as legislators, upon
any apprehension (hat any higher law than the
< Constitution is to become the rule of action for
♦ nnnnti-iT That IVinn VT7 Vi n wnnM rmh-acfi
a citizen of the United States, may (if the officer
before whom he proposes to file his declaration
; will allow him) file such a declaration; and surely
' every Abolitionist who may happen to be an of-
: ficer will allow him to file it, and not only to file
it, but to take the final oath of naturalization.
reason
acter,.
tention to become a citizen. The naturalization
laws contemplate the grant of citizenship only^to
men of good moral character, attached to the in-
stitutions of this country. And, therefore, the
alien must prove by two witnesses that he is a man
to the facts as they are. Now, I maintai
; colored man can possibly enjoy the benefits of \
■ this act; because, before any one who is not a
citizen can do so, he has first to file his declaration I
of intention to become a citizen, and next he has
of good moral character, attached to the institu- |! to reside upon the land for five "years before a
. ° .. . . , 1 i . • I   I   variT firof -.'(■ctinn n>
tione of this country, before he can obtain a cer-
tificate of naturalization.
We require that an American citizen, in order to
obtain the benefits of the act, shall be the head of
a family, or twenty-one years of age; and if he is
a naturalized citizen, he must have been in the
country long enough to give evidence of hi? attach-
ment to the institutions of our country; he must
prove such attachment in a court of justice; he
must, on oath, renounce his allegiance to all foreign
Powers, and swear to support the Constitution of
the United States. It is proposed, however, by
the sixth section, to give land to those who have
not shown any evidence of a good moral char-
acter; who present no proof of attachment to the
Constitution or institutions of the country; who
renounce no allegiance to any foreign Government;
and who may postpone until the end of time
swearing allegiance to the Constitution of the
United States.
Sir, I have said I was in favor of this bill; and
if the sixth and fourth section shall be stricken out
I will vote for it with much pleasure; but while I
will make no discrimination whatever between the
citizens of the United States, natural or natural-
ized, native or foreign born, I will discriminate
between the citizen, naturalized as well as native,
against the alien. I will not put the alien upon
the same footing with the citizen, native or foreign
bom. That is the principle on which I act
patent, can issue, tfir, the very first section of
: your existing naturalization law is in these words:
! Br it enacted by (he Senate and Hunsc of }Le[>rcsenta-
1 lives of the United Htatci of America i>i (jOii'ci es>s afsan-
. hied, that any afion, being a free white p<>r*on, may bo
admitted to become a citizen oi the United or any
of (hem, on ihe follow iug conditions, and not otherwise,"
See.
s Then it is clear that no man but a white man
, can become a citizen of the United States under
the present naturalization law.
Mr. DIXON. Let the Senator from Tennessee
: com pare the two sections, th e on e w hich h e has read
' from the naturalization law, and the sixth section
of tins bill, and he will see that they are entirely
different. It is perfectly true that, as the law now
is, none but a free white person who is an alien
can become a citizen of the TJroted States; but
does the Senator mean or pretend that you may
not change the law so as to give the benefits of
so. The Register of the Land Office has no right
to inquire into, and decide the question, of whether
he can or cannot be naturalized, under the laws of
the United States, but only whether he has filed a
declaration of an intention to do so, according to
the naturalization laws of Congress. The right to
file the declaration of an intention is one thing, and
the filing it, according to the laws, is another thing.
Underthe naturalization laws,as they now exist,
none but white persons have the right to file such
declaration; but this section gives the right to file
such declaration to any individual, provided he is
not a citizen, resides m a Territory or State, be
his color what it may. J do not say he may be-
come a citizen; for I will never admit that a negro
ought to become a citizen; but I say he may file
his declaration to become one, because the only
limitations upon his right to do so is, that he is not
a citizen, and lives in a Territory or State. Well,
sir, if he files his declaration of intention, what
then? May he not enter the land, may he not
take possession of and settle upon it, cultivate and
use it, and have all the advantages of the exclu-
; sive occupancy of it; and if he dies, may he not,
naturalization to any other "persons than those according to the second section of the bill, devise
J . .• 1 * I 1 1 .*1 t -  L . u.1 14 o t (IfiAtTAVl rrlTTfid V* 1 in
who are embraced m the section which he has
read ? Why, sir, you can repeal that law; and I
say this section is a repeal of it pro tanto, because
it embraces persons who are not included in it. '
. That law is confined to free white persons who |
are aliens. This section is not confined to free .
white persons who are alien?. That law allows
t to whom he pleases; for that section gives him
the right to devise it;and if he dies without having
made a last will and testament, it gives it to his
widow, or, in case of her death, his heirs.
Sir, I ask the Senator if he would give these
lands to coolies, to Algerines, to Indians, and to all
the other people of the earth, however uncivilized
persons wnu are miens.     ,
none to become naturalized who are not white, they may be, or of whatever color they may be;
This section extends the benefits to other persons, |, would he give them the right, merely because
whether they be white or not. It is therefore a !| they reside m a State or Territory, to file a dec-
i nave no aporenens.on mat me urn w.u ue ,■ virtual repeal of the law which the gentleman has ' j- laration of an intention to become a citizein,
in the House of Representatives, if amended. I '' read. It is inconsistent with that lav/, and to tne and thereby to possess themselves of a hunre
do not think, however, that it will result in as extent of such inconsistency repeals ,i. The ; and six y acres of land,,anc ■ ™ "
much good as some gentlemen seem to anticipate. !, whole wording of it shows its effect to he at war ; dev.se it to foreigners like themseIves, o to trans
I do not think that it will favor a certain class of ; with the very principles upon which the whole |i mit it, by descent, I.o^ their miow. or heus,
individuals, who are looked to with great solici- |; naturalization system of this country has hereto- ■ whether they be citizens oi not And th , ,
tude—I mean the recruits in the arly of occu- !' fore been carried out. , must and will be theeffect t^ "J
pation, who are to be sent.out by the colonization 1: It is very true that the naturalization laws re- J bill, when taken m connection with
