1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
' 1743
section,unless theamendment I propose is adopted,
I am willing 10 put the naturalized citizen, in all
respects, upon an equal footing with the native-
born citizen, so far as it regards every right
to be acquired under the provisions of this bill.
But 1 never will consent that persons who are
not embraced in the provisions of the naturaliza-
tion laws, as they now exist, shall be included in
the provisions of this bill—to the extern either of
becoming naturalized, or of acquiring the exclu-
sive right to enjoy and occupy the lands belonging
to the people of the United State?!, ami then of
devising them, or transmitting them to their heirs.
1 will aay to the Senator, there is another rea-
son which he has entirely overlooked in his com-
ments on the section which is proposed to be
amended. If he will look at the first and second
sections of the bill, he will find that it is provided
that every free white person complying with the
provisions of the bill, who 1ms entered upon the
land and taken the final oath, shall obtain a patent
at a certain time. The Senator will not say that
the sixth section of the bill, as it now stands, does
not extend to negroes, Indians, and ail other in-
dividuals the benefits of the first and second sec-
tions of the bill, provided they file their declaration
and become naturalised. He will not say that an
Abolitionist (one who claims the equality of the
negro with the white man) will refuse to let him
file his declaration, or to taUe the final oath of nat-
uralizitiori; it may be that the oath would be void,
and the riyht of citizenship not conferred; but it
may he otherwise*, and I am not disposed to con-
cede anything to the abolition spirit of the age.
I would rather leave nothing to doubt or consti uc-
tion, but "would make assurance doubly sure,
and take a bond of fate "
It is true he cannot obtain a patent until he be-
comes a naturalized citizen; and it may be that he
never can become naturalized; but still he can, if
this section is not amended, file his declaration of
intention, which at once entitles him to enter upon
the land to theexclusion of all others. Why, sir,
he may file a declaration of intention to become
naturalized, and yet not be able, under the laws,
ever to become a citizen; but if he files his decla-
ration to do so, he has complied with the provis-
ion of this bill, to the extent of acquiring a rig>t
to enter the land. The sixth section, as I before
said, allows anv man to do so; for the expression
is, il any individual now a resident of any one of
the States and Territories, and not a citizen of the
United States." Does the Senator mean to say
that a negro is not an individual ? Does he mean
to say that an Indian, or anybody else, would not
be embraced in the word ''individual?'* Sir, it
embraces everybody. And why, I would ask, is
the operation of the first section confined exclu-
sively to free white persons? Why is it said "all
free white persons" in the first section, and M any
individual" in the nxth? Theie rou-t be f-ome
reason for this. The Senator from Michigan rfayc
that when thif question was first before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, the first section of the bill
did not contain the expression " free white per-
sona." 1 will ask the Senator what is the reason
it did not, and why it was afterwards amended so
as to make it embrace free white persons?
Mr. STUART. I will answer the Senator. It
was because the committee of the House, and, as
I understand, at least nine out of ten of its mem-
bers, thought that no person other than a free
white person had any rights under the bill. J
know that I myself had a long conversation with
the former member from Tennessee, who is now
Governor of that State, [Mr. Andrew Johnson,]
who had charge of this bill in the House, a* the last
Congress, at which that question tf'as fu'ly con-
sidered, and we came to the conclusion that there
was no sort of necessity for the qualificado;), be-
cause none other than white personscould become
citizens of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. Why, then, may I ask the Sen-
ator, did they insert the words 48 free white per-
sons" in the first section?
Mr. STUART. It was done with the inten-
tion of destroying the bill. The motion was
made under the belief that if those words were
put in, there were men enough in the House, of
peculiar notions, who would vote against the bill
and kill it.
Mr. DIXON. I do not consider that a suffi-
cient response to the question, The Senator say s
those words were inserted to destroy the bill.
Why, sir, it is perfectly evident that if the object
was to destroy the bill, they would have left out
the word "white," because it must have been
known that there wasa large majority of the Sen-
ate, decidedly against extending the privilege to
negroes; and therefore, by inserting the words
" free whitjg," strength would have been given to
the bill. 1 say to Senators here, who are not in
favur of extending; such rights to negroes, that
they had better beware of this sixth section.
Why, sir, a declaration of intention may be filed
in any of the State courts, and I ask the Senator
from Tennessee this question: Suppose a negro
goes into one of the courts of Massachusetts, or
any of those Slates which declare that negroes
may be citizens, and proposes to file his declara-
tion of intention to become naturalized, does he
suppose ix judge there will hesitate to allow him
to do so; and having done so, what is there to
prevent his entering: the land, according to the pro-
visions of this section?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Kentucky asks me a question which it will give
me very great pleasure to answer. He wishes
to know whether I suppose that a judge in Massa-
chusetts if a negro should come before him and
propose to file his declaration of intention to be-
come a cit.z-m of the United States, would decline
to receive it ? 1 answer, that 1 do suppose he would;
or if lie did not, I would prove by the law that he
was a peijured villain. If the Senator will allow
me further, I will say that I think I can show him
that it is impossible such a thing as he supposes
car) happen. He asksthe question: Whatisthere
to prevent a man of color from filing his declara-
tion and getting his letters of naturalization? I
answer, that the law passed by the Congress of the
United States prevents it. The very first provis-
ion in the law declares that the incipient step,
which is the filing of the declaration of intention,
shall be by a free white man. It is impossible,
therefore, that a colored man can even file his
declaration, because the Saw declares that the per-
sons who are to be entitled to the benefits of the
incipient step of nawahzation shall be free white
men. Then it is impossible that a colored man,
as 1 have said, can ever file a declaration of inten-
tion; arid if hp cannot file a declaration of inten-
tion, 1 n&k the Senator how can he enter upon
the public hndR under this bill ?
Mr. DIXON. 1 answer the Senator by saying
that he himself, in the philippic pronounced by
him a f«iW days since against some members of
this bodv, who believe in the higher law doc-
trine, boldly assumed that there were some per-
sons in this Senate, and some out of the Senate,
who wholly disregarded the requirements of the
Constitution, and did not feel themselves bound
by the oaths they had taken to support it. He
was foremost in the declaration that these v/ere
the opinions entertained by some Senator? on this
floor, and by persons outside of the Senate Cham-
ber; but now, sir, the Senator, with that earnest-
ness which only belongs to one who feels what he
says, states that this would n^t be done. Now, if
they would do what the Senator but a few days
ago said they would do, may they not do it in this
case? May they not contend, that though the act
he has read includes only free whice persons, that
this sixth section embraces negroes also? The
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] pro-
claimed here that he did not feel himself bound by
the solemn obli^etjon of an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I call the Senator to order.
I know he Hoes not intend to misrepresent me.
Mr. DIXON. Surely not.
Mr. SUMNER. I made no such declaration.
I did not say that I did not feel myself bound by
the obligation of an oath to support the Constitu-
tion. I said that my oath to support it was not
as the Senator from Kentucky understands it, but
as ! unr*er«Mnd it.
Mr. D1X0V. That is precisely the way I un-
derstood the Senator.
The Senator takes the ground, as he did on a
former occasion, that he has taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution, not as the Senator from
Kentucky understands it, or the Supreme Court
understands it, but as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts understandsit*,and he attempted to fortify
himself behind the opinion of that eminent and
distinguished man, Andrew Jackson, to show that
he had the right to do so-
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator refers ta the
opinion of Andrew Jackson, I am^Iad ofthe op-
portunity to state that another eminent statesman '
of this country, a rival of Andrew Jackson,ah(l
one that I believe he will admit is not inferior'to
him in fame or character, John Q,uincy Adams*
declared his entire acceptance of that rule of inter-
pretation. Therefore that rule stands not off its
intrinsic reason alone, but on the authority of titfes
Presidents of the United States—Andrew Jack-
son and John Q,uincy Adams.
Mr. DIXON. I do not think the Senator from
Massachusetts has done justice, either to the "dis-
tinguished ex-President, to whom he alludes, from
Massachusetts, or to the distinguished ex-Presi-
dent from Tennessee. Neither of them ever con-
tended that, as citizens, they were not bound to
obey the laws as they were, or that they h^d the
right to place their own construction of them or *
of the Constitution in opposition to that given v.
by the judicial tribunals or the country. As le-
gislators and chief magistrates of the United
State*, they claimed, as they had the right to do, in
making laws, to judge for themselves of the con-
stitutional power* to make them. But, did they,
or either of them, ever maintain that, as citizens,
they were not bound to obey a law passed by
Congress, so long as it remained in force, not-
withstanding their opinions, as citizens, might have
been against its constitutionality ? I defythe Sen-
ator to show that they ever maintained any opinion
so absurd and treasonable. The Senator claims
the right, as a citizen, as well as legislator, to
construe the laws and Constitution as he under-
stands them; and, understanding the fugitive slave
law to be unconstitutional, he is under no obliga-
tions to obey it. Let nie tell the Senator from
Massachusetts that the exercise of such aright as?
this, would justify every act of crime that can hs
committed against the laws of the country; and all
that the thief, the robber, the murderer, and the
traitor would have to do to screen himself from
the penalties of the law, would be .to say that,
according to his construction of it, he had done
nothing more than he had a right to do.
And" let me say further to the Senator, that
those who think with him, that they have th-e
right as citizens to construe the laws as they, and
not as the courts, undeistand them—-will find the
claim of such right, a poor plea in bar, should
they be arraigned for a criminal violation of them.
And I will say further that the exercise on the
part of a citizen of such a right, would result in
the subversion of all law, and of all order, in the
breaking down of all the ramparts afforded by the
Constitution and laws, for the protection of the
rights of the citizen, and finally in the overthrow
of the Government itself.
And now, sir, I wish to say to my friend from
Tennessee, that, understanding as he does the
claim set up by the Senator from Massachusetts,
to construe the Constitution of the United States
and the laws of Congress as he and those who
agree with him as to the right, understand them,
is at once to leave the construction of the naturali-
zation laws entirely to their understanding, and to
be obeyed or not as they may understand them.
Can the honorable Senator from Tennessee doubt
that, in connection with this sixth section, they
would so construe them as to give all the benefits
of this act to every description of persons, whether
black or white, and to administer to them the final
oath of naturalization.
And again, sir, when, as was justly remarked by
the.honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gey-
er,] we have gentlemen in the public councils, and
may have them on the bench, in every State in
which the lands contemplated by this bill lie, who
believe not only in the higher law doctrine, but in
the right of negroes to citizenship; and who would
be ready to seize upon any words in any act of
Congress to enable them to give an interpretation
favorable to their view«, what is to prevent them
from decidingthat this word " individual," stand-
ing here in the sixth section in bold relief, against
the language of the first section, was intended to
abrogate the restriction which confines the natu-
ralization of foreigners to white persons?
Now, sir, taking this view of the case, I would
ask my honorable friend from Tennesseeif it ever
occurred to him that the validity of tbe title ac-
quired by a negro to land, under the provisions of
this bill, as well as of his right to citizenship,
may not be the subjects of adjudication by the
