1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
my seat. These resolutions are submitted to be
acted upon by this House alone. They are not
joint resolutions. If this Government intends to
do anything effective arid operative; anything to
commit the country to a particular line of policy
touching our foreign relations, it should be done
by the Government itself, and not by the House
of Representatives alone. It must be by joint
resolution, requiring the action of the two Houses
of the Congressof the United States,approved by
the President.
These resolutions, I say, are mere resolutions
submitted to be considered by this body alone; and
therefore, if passed, they will have no effect, as
the action of the Congress of the United States.
They will amount to a mere expression of opinion
on the part of the members of this House, and that
hastily given. Under these circumstances, I move
to refer the resolutions to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCIi. I am willing that the resolution
calling upon the President for information, may
be passed.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions cannot be
separated except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee can call
upon the President for information.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bocock's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolutions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs. ^
Mr. DENT. 1 ask the unanimous consent of j
the House to allow me to present a resolution. !
Mr. WELLS. I call for the regular order of j
business.- |
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call upon the States for resolutions. 1
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is not the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Dent] entitled to the floor on
his motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has a right to the floor, and asks the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion which will now be read by the Clerk.
Mr. WELLS. I object.
Mr. DENT'. I hope that the House will allow
the resolution to be read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration of House bill No.
301, and that the same be now considered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What bill is it?
Mr. DENT. I will explain its features.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the Clerk read the
title.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to regulate and define the duties of the
Commissioner of Pensions in certain cases.
Several Members. Read the bill.
The bill of the House, No. 301, was thereupon
read in extenso.
It provides that whenever any agent for paying
invalid pensions shall have reason to believe that
the disability which caused any person to be placed j
on the pension roll is totally or partially removed, '
it shall be the duty of said agent to suspend all
further payment to such pensioner until such pen-
sioner shall produce the aflidavitof two physicians
or surgeons, whose respectability shall be certified
to by the officer before whom they may be quali- j
fied, stating from personal examination the con- [
' tmuance of the disability (describing it) for which |
the pension was originally granted, and the rate
of such disability at the timeof making such affi-
davit; and if in said affidavit the disability shaU
be stated at a rate below that for which the pen-
sion was originally granted, the pensionei shall
only be paid at the rate stated in said affidavit.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are now in order |
from the Territory of Utah. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move, Mr. Speaker, that ,
the rules be suspended, and that the House resohe ;
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state |
of the Union. .
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his motion, to
enable me to introduce a bill of which previous
notice has been given. It is a bill to aid the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota and the State of Indiana in
constructing a railroad for military, postal, and
other purposes. The object of the bill is to con-
struct certain links in the chain, so as to secure a
continuous line of railroad from some point on
Lake Superior to the Falls of the Ohio, and from
thence, following the valley of the said river, to
Cincinnati, Ohio.
I am about leaving town, and therefore itis that
I ask the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his
motion to go into committee, so as to aliow me
to introduce this bill.
Mr. OLDS. Arid I am going to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his motion for a like
purpose.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio withdrawn?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would prefer, Mr. Speak-
er, not to withdraw my motion just now. I
would like to oblige both the gentlemen, but I can-
notproperly do so now.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Campbell were appointed such
tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 92, noes 31.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Fuller in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill (No. 48) " making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, i
1855."
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Macbonald]
was upon the floor, and is now entitled to the
same.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. MACDONALt*, in rising to speak on the
subject of the Nebraska bill, said his record was
made up as voting against the reference of the
Senate measure to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. He stood in this po-
sition with only three others coming from east of
the Hudson river, on this issue. The Legislature
of Maine did not propose to instruct him to vote
against the bill, but put forth "a modest request
to that effect. But .be did not intend to carry out
their wishes, that body not properly representing
public sentiment in that State. He pronounced
the request as arrogant and impudent.
In his opinion, the allusion frequently made
that a natural hostility exists between the North
and the South—a natural dislike and jealousy-
was perfectly groundless. Why should there be
hostility between those sections? The memory
ofthe past, the happiness of the present, and the
hopes of the future, should not create hostility,
but, oil the contrary, the largest and most intense
fraternal concord and agreement.
He regarded the election of Franklin Pierce as
conclusive of the question that the old era of
good feeling is to be reestablished between the
North and the South, when a feeling similar to
that which animated our revolutionary sires is
again to prevail. a i
The natural opponents of this bill are the Ab-
olitionists of the country, under the lead of the
New York Tribune, a paper tainted with heresies
and isms of every kind. The main editor of that
paper does not believe in a future state of re-
wards and punishments. The tendency of their
principles is that the people are not to be trusted,
nor permitted to govern themselves, but must be
governed. He commented at large on the char-
acter of Abolitionists.
The bill commended itself to his support be-
cause it asserted the right of the people to govern
themselves. It was in.1850 that this Government
inaugurated a new territorial policy, by allowing
! Utah and New Mexico to govern themselves; and
the bill now pending was intended to carry out
that republican and wholesome principle.
[The speech will he found m the Appendix.]
Mr. FAULKNER, after having expressed his
n acquiescence in the compromise measures of ISoO,
ii said, that among all true men, whether from the
North or from the South, there ought to be no
diversity of opinion upon a question like that in-
volved m the Nebraska bill. The public mind of
the North had been shamefully abused'by a per-
version of the true issue involved in this question;
for it was not a question of slavery or no slavery
in regard to the organization of these proposed
Territories.
The Missouri compromise, he maintained, waa
the first occasion upon which Congress assumed
to exercise an act of original jurisdiction, the
power of controlling the expansion of slavery
within the territory of the United States, and of
prescribing a limit beyond which the planter of
the South should not emigrate with his property,
recognized as such by the Constitution of thecoun-
try. From the adoption of that compromise up
to the present hour, the people of the South—or
perhaps he might, with more propriety, confine
himself to his own State—the people of yirginia
had never ceased to regard it as sjtt exercise of le-
gislative authority not warranted by the language
or the spirit of the Constitution.
He then reviewed the provisions of the Nebras-
ka-Kansas bill of the Senate, and replied to the ob-
jections which had been urged against i't by south-
ern members, contending that the Badger proviso
neither prohibited nor permitted slavery within
these Territories, but left the entire subject to the
people themselves.
[The sp'eech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CULLOM obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask my col-
league to yield me the floor for a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. CULLOM yielded for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. I submit the motion.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
'under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 48) making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1855,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move thatthe House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw that motion, to enable me
to introduce a bill merely for the purpose of ref-
erence.
Mr. CAMPBELL- I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LANE then, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill " to aid the Territory of Minnesota
and the State of Indiana to construct a railroad
for military, postal, and other purposes;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lahds.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present a memorial from
the Territorial Legislatureof Oregon, asking Con-
gress to pass a law to enable the people of that
Territory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment preparatory to its admission into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States.
There was no objection; and the memorial was
received, referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn. .
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to; and thereupon, ' , __ ,
At a qu%Tter Past tl'1"66 o'clock, the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, ,1pril 11,1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr MORTON presented two petitions of in-
habitants of Gadsden county, Florida, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Tallahassee
to Rtdleysville; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. _ _
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
ofCharles Vinson, praying compensation for extra
services as a clerk in the office of the Third Aud-
itor; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
