176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16.
Also, a petition of the officers, non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of the first
regiment of New York volunteers during the war
with Mexico, praying to be allowed extra pay while
on- service in California; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
heirs of Joseph Pomroy, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PETTLT presented the memorial of the
Ohio Falls Marine Railroad Company, praying
the aid of the United States in the construction of
a marine railway for the transportation of steam- !
boats around the Palls of the Ohio; which was re- 1
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals. j
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the j
Southern Baptist Convention, praying1 that stipu- !
lations may be made in our treaties with foreign I
countries to secure religious toleration to Amer- I
ic&n citizens who may be resident therein; which j
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela- !
tions. I
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of1
inspectors of the customs and agents of the rev-
enue at Philadelphia, praying an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of Captain
Hiram B Sawyer, of the Navy, praying to be re-
stored to the pension roll, and allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of R. M.
Walsh, praying: compensation for services as
Charge d'Affaires at Mexico; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of the officers of the penitentiary
for the District of Columbia, praying an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
the administrator of J. Dickerhoof, a soldier in the
war with Mexico, praying a pension on account
of disease contracted in the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of £. Mayne, county judge of Van Buren county,
Iowa, praying that that county may be reimbursed
an amount of money expended for the benefit of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. COOPER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making a grant of
land to the State of Pennsylvania for purposes j
of internal improvement, and to establish and en- j
dow a normal school for the education of teachers. ■
PAPERS WITHDRAWN £ND REFERRED. |
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, j
it was
Ordered^ That the petition of Elizabeth R. Prane, widow
of Anthony iirano, be withdrawn nont ilie files of the Sen-
ate, and refetrod to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordeied, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of WjJliam S, Waller, be referred to
the Committee on Chums.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That The documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of John P Duv.ill, be referred to the
Committee oa Terutories.
On motion bv Mr. MALLORY, it was ;
O)tiered, That the document's on the files of the Senate .
relating to the claim of John G. Camp, he referred to the ;
Committee on the Judiciary. j
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was !
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs and executors of
Samuel f'noleau be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, i
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims '
Oil motion by Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,
it was .
Ordered, That the memoiial of Mary F. R. T.evely he i
withdrawn Jrom the file< of the Senate, and referred to the ,
Committee on Pensions. :
On motion by Mr. WfLLTAMS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Chaiie? Stearin he with- i'
•drawn from th^ files- of the Senate, and reieired to the 1
Committee on the Judiciary. ;
VERMONT SENATOR^HIP.
Mr. PETT1T. The Committee on the Judt-
ciary, to which was referred the resolution in ref- h
erence to the right of the Hon. Samuel S. Piielps
to a seat in the Senate, has had the same under
consideration, and has directed me to submit a
report. I am also requested to present a paper in
connection with it, expressing the views of the
minority. While I am up, I will ask that the re-
port accompanying: the papers lie upon the table,
and be printed; and that the subject be set down
for consideration for Wednesday next. I am so
directed by the committee which has had the sub-
ject under consideration. I therefore move that
the report and the accompanying papers be printed,
and that the consideration of the subject be post-
poned until Wednesday next, and made the special
order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which were referred the proceed-
ings of^ meeting, in the city of Philadelphia, of the
soldiers of 1812, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and that they be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Pamela Brown, widow of the late Major General
Jacob Brown, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief. The bill was read a first
time and ordered to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to divide
the State of Ohio into two judicial districts, and
for other purposes, reported it back with several
amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported a bill <{ providing for the payment
for the printing of the returns of the Seventh Cen-
sus, and for the paper purchased for said print-
ing;" winch was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first time and ordered to a
second reading:
" A bill to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States, and for other pur-
poses;"
" A bill to regulate the pay and increase the ef-
ficiency of the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes;'5 and
" A bill to promote the efficiency of the Army by
retiring disabled officers."
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Patents
1 and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
1 petition of John Thomas, submitted an adverse
report thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS. The Committee on Retrench-
j ment and Reform, under the reform portion of its
; duties, has had under consideration the petition of
the clerks in the Executive Departments, asking
; an increase of compensation, and has directed me
i to report a bill to amend the third section of the
1 *' act maicm? appropriations for the civil and dip-
, lomatic expenses of Government for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1854, and for other purposes.''
! The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
' second reading.
I COMPENDIUM OF THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
J Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing
has directed me to offer the following resolution;
which I ask may be considered at this time:
Resolved, That theie be printed for the use of the Senate,
 thou?and copies of a compendium of the Seventh Cen-
sus, to he arranged by the Superintendent of the Census,
embracing the population by towns and counties ; the ratio
tables of population ; tables of nativities, births, marriages,
and death-*; of the deaf, dumb, blind, uwue. and idiotic;
of school* and college.-; of aifgreaates of occupations ; of
churches; of newspapers and libraries; and of agricultu-
ral products; with illustrative notes and comparative ta
ble>: Provided, The r-aid compendium shall be printed in
Then let us have thirty thou-
Fifty thousand copies will
royal octavo form, and not exceed tour hundred pages.
Mr. GWIN. What is the number of copies j
proposed to be printed? I
Mr. HAMLIN. The number is left blank in 1
the resolution. I may state that the House of I
Representatives has ordered onehundred thousand ;
copies of this abstract to be printed. If the Sen- j
ate shall Older an edition of twenty thousand J
copies it will cost £>7,b73. An edition of thirty j
thousand will cost but §10,717. As the number j
increases the comparative cost diminishes. i
Mr. BADGER.
sand copies.
Mr. HAMLIN.
cost about $] 4,000.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the blank will be filled
with fifty thousand, as the additional cost is very
small. 1 make a motion to fill the blank with
''fifty."
Mr. BADGER. That is even better than thir-
ty thousand.
Mr. DAWSON. I would inquire whatabstract
it is that is to be printed?
Mr. HAMLIN, ff the Senator had given his
attention to the reading of the resolution, it would
answer his question as well, if not better than I
can. It specifies precisely what the abstract shall
contain. It is, I think, if I may be allowed the
expression of an opinion, the best abstract that
; can be obtained from the work, and will be con-
tained in an octavo volume of four hundred
pages—one hundred less than the document which
1 hold in my hand, the size of which Senators
can see.
Mr. DAWSON. Has it yet been compiled?
Mr. HAMLIN. It is, by the terms of the
resolution, to be compiled by the present Super-
intendent, but the resolution specifies of what it
is to be composed.
Mr. DAWSON. I am aware of that; but the
point which 1 wish to suggest is, whether it would
not be better that the abstiaot should be presented
in manusctipt to the committee, and an oider
afterwards made for its publication.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The resolution speci-
fies of what the abstract shall be composed.
Mr. DAWSON. But we do not know whether
it will come out right or not. One abstract has
already been published.
Mr. BADGER. We must take it on trust.
The motion to fill the blank with 44 fifty " was
agreed to; and the resolution, as thus amended,
was adopted.
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to which was referred the House joint resolution
of thanks of Congress, and the presentation of a
medal to Captain Duncan N. Ingiaham, has re-
quested me to leport it back without amendment.
The committee has also instructed me to ask the
1 Senate to put it on its passage at this time. It is
! a short resolution, and I presume there can be no
I objection to it.
I The resolution was read, and the Senate, as in
i Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider it.
j Mr. BADGER. I wish to submit an amend-
i ment to that resolution, but I do not desire to have
the subject brought up now. It is past the hour
of one o'clock, and I think it unfair to the Senator
; from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] to proceed with
this matter now.
| Mr. CASS. Certainly it is.
1 Mr. BADGER. I therefore move to postpone
the further consideration of the joint resolution
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
! CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
j motion submitted by Mr. Cass on the 5th instant,
to refer to the Committee on Foreign Relations
the message of the President of the United States
received on the 3d instant, communicating, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of De-
cember 12, 3853, the correspondence which had
taken place with the British Government on sub-
jects growing out of the treaty of Washington of
July 4, 1850, since the message of the President
of December 30, 1852.
Mr. CLAYTON continued his reply to Mr.
Cass, which he commenced on Thursday last.
i Mr. CASS briefly responded when the Senator
|; from Delaware concluded.
i: Mr.CLAYTON rejoined, and after a few words
i' from Mr. CASS,
ll On motion by Mr. GWIN, the subject was laid
] i upon the table.
'■ [See Appendix for this debate.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO,
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, i's Clerk, informing
the Senate that the House had adopted a joint
resolution authorizing the appointment of a joint
committee of the two Houses of Con^tess, to con-
sider and report on the form of acknowledgment
