886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Rebecca Bright, praying a pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from trie same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Morris Powers, pray-
ing* a pension on account of disability incurred
during the Mexican war, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RUSK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the trans-
portation of the mails of the United States on
railroads.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to au-
thorize the Baltirfioreand Ohio Railroad Company
to extend their railroad to a point on the Potomac
river, at or near the city of Washington; which
was read a first and second time by Us title, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Mo.K>,4Nr, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing- enrolled bills:
Bill for the relief of Lyman N. Cook;
Bill for the relief of Emelie Hooe, widow of
Captain Hooe;
Bill for the relief of Ilezekiah Johnson, of the
town of Bridgewater, in the State of Vermont;
Bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford;
Bill to provide a pension for Silas Champion,
of Genesee county, in the State of New York;
Bill for the relief of the executors of the late
Lieutenant John E. Bispham;
Bill for the relief of Lemuel Hudson;
Bill for the relief of James F. Green, of Penn-
sylvania;
Bill for the relief of Madison Parton;
Bill to establish additional land districts in the
Territory of Minnesota; and
Bill for the relief of Alton Nelson.
The above named bills were severally signed by
the President pro tempore.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the following memorials &c., be with-
drawn tiom (In* file* ot tin* Senate, and icferied to tho hcv
era! romnutlees a- annexed :
Memorial of John Tucker—Committee on Chums.
JYimon oi liamel I5ri>ler ami other.-— Committee on In-
dian afk.uip.
Petition of Charles G. Merchant -Committee on Military
Afliur?.
Memonal ol citizens of App.iIaehicoU—Commtitec on
Comnierer
IYiitioii of the heir* of John S. l?ii(hl--C«mmittee on j
Revolutionary Chums. !
Petition of (Jeorgo Jennings --Committee on Private
Land Claim**.
Petition ol the heirs of Clui>-topher Hillary—Committee
Oil Revolutionary Chums.
Petition oi Sarah Hum—Committee on Claims.
Memonal of John P Smith, admim>tiator of Joshua R.
Smith—Committer on Claim*
Petition ot VVilh.im B. Ihwis—Cnnmutteo on Claims
Petition of eiU7,en< of Manoti and Nassau counties, Flor
idn—Committee on Public Latnh.
Petition of David Ostmrn—Committee on Claims.
Petition of LCilen II. Wood, heir of Janio Hall—Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Chums.
Petition of Janje-, P. Li^litbiirne—Committer on Claim*.
Petition of the widow and eluhhen ot Emanuel Munden,
deceased—Committee on the Jmheiaiy.
petition of II. !> Battle, administrator of Isaac L. Batile,
deceiver!—Committee on the I'o^t Oilier and Po«t Uo.uN.
Memorial of tho heirsof Darius (Jarrason—Committee on ]
Claims.
Documents relating to tonnage duties on Spanish ves- :
gel*—Committee on (.'ommerc e. !
Memorial5! 111 favor ot ineieaMmr the salary of the United ,
States district judge at Key We?*t, Florida-—Committee on
the Judiciary. j
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was j
Ordered, That the petition of Sally Ba^s, daughter of 1
Charles* Pa^tcnr, deceased, be vvithdiawn fioin the files of :
the Senate, and left-rred to the Committee on Revolutionary ;
Ciaim*.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the documents in relation to (lie claim of ,;
the iMtnomonee Indians he withdiawn from the files of the fj
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. i|
j. vr. kelt.y's mail contract. h
Mr. MORTO.N submitted the following resolu- I
! tiori; which was considered by unanimous con-
| sent, and agreed to:
! Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
! intorm the Senate whether a contract entered into by the
i Post Office Department with J. VV. Kelly hi 185-2, for the
'"transportation of the mail m steamers from Bainbridge,
Georgia, to Appalaehieola, Florida, has been annulled; and
if so when, and for what reasons..
ISAAC P. SIMONTON.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, on thelast pri-
vate bill day, i asked to have the House bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Isaac P.
Simonton laid on the table, with a view of offer-
ing1 an amendment to it so as to include another
case. I have been applied to very strongly by
those interested, to waive that request, and I should
like to have the Senate now take up the bill and
pass it without any amendment.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to appropriate §300 to the legal rep-
resentatives of Isaac P. Simonton, on due and
satisfactory proof being furnished that his claim
for that sum, in schedule B, annexed to the treaty
with the Saganaw band of Chippewa Indians, of
the 14th of January, 1837, has regularly and legally
descended to them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON". I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. 1 had very humbly suggested to
the Senate, two or three days ago, that 1 should
be very much obliged to them if they would take
up, in the morning hour, a bill which I reported
from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MASON. If it involves debate I must
object to it.
"Mr. BADGER. I do not know whether it will
involve debate or not. I ask the Senate to take it
up. I cannot remain here for tiie purpose of at-
tending to it. I believe 1 am as seldom out of my
place as any other member of the Senate. 1 am
scaicely ever absent from the city of Washington
during the sessions of ihe Senate, and I had
thought that this little favor would be accorded to
me.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator desires to be
heard on his hill, fwill cheerfully yield my motion;
but if he wishes to have a debate on the bill, 1 must
adhere to the motion.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to have the bill taken
up and passed. I do not wish to be heard upon it.
Mr. BRIG i IT. 1 presume there can be no
serious opposition to the bill of the Senator from
Noi th Carolina. It is a vei y important measure.
The Senator from Noith Carolina is very anxious
upon the subject, and so are many other Senators.
1 hope the honorable Senator from Virginia will
not object to it.
Mr.' MASON. What is the bill?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is one to extend the time
for the collection of duties on railroad iron. It
has been unanimously reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance. If it leads to a lengthy debate,
of course the Senator from North Carolina will
not press it this morning.
Mr. STUART. I should be glad if the Sena-
tor from Virginia would give the Senator from
North Carolina an opportunity to be heard upon
that bill
Mr. BADGER. I do not want to be heard
upon it; but I wish to have the bill passed.
Mr, STUART. If the Senator thinks he can
have it passed this morning, I can assure him
that, in my opinion, there is very little prospect
of if.
Mr, BADGER. Let us try.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the question be put
on my motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion made by the Senator from Virginia, to
proceed to the consideration of Executive business;
and the question must be fiist put upon that, for
it is the first motion before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Before that question is put,
I wish to say, that while I have no disposition to
embarrasslhe bill of the Senator from North Car-
olina, I think it is a bill upon which the State of
Pennsylvania ought to be heard, and I observe
that no members from that State are here. I shall,
for that, if for no other reason, vote against acting
upon that bill at tnis time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When that bill is taken up,
I desire to offer an amendment to it in the shape
of a substitute, and if we are to postpone it, I
wish to have that proposition presented to the
Senate for consideration. My impression is that
it is so simple a question that the Senate will be
ready to act upon it at any time, but 1 desire to
present a substitute for the bill of the Senator from
.North Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I will not press
any objection to this motion. I have never, since
1 have been in the Senate, refused to any gentle-
man to give way for the purpose of transacting
any business. 1 gave notice to the Senate last
week that I should be obliged to leave the city
early this week, and that 1 should throw myself
upon their indulgence to take up this bill on Mon-
day. I gave way yesterday in the application
which I intended to make, for the purpose of
obliging the Senator from California, being always
willing to postpone my own personal convenience
to the convenience of any and every member of
this body, i thought yesteiday that the privilege
of having this bill taken up would be accorded to
. me to-day withoutdifficulty; but afavorreluctantly
conceded is not a favor. I therefore withdraw all
objection, and will give up the expectation of
having the bill faken up.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Virginia that we make the effort during
the morning hour to see whether this bill can be
disposed ot; and, if it leads to discussion, the
Senator from North Carolina will not pi ess it to-
day. 1 meiely suggest that we had better take it
up during the morning hour, with the understand-
ing that if it is not disposed of during that hour it
shall then be postponed, and we shall go into
Executive session. I hope this course will be
pursued.
Mr. MASON, Since I have had the honor of
a seat on this floor, I have felt, doubtless, m com-
mon with other Senators, under obligations to the
Senator from North Carolina for the uniform
example of courtesy which he lias set us, and 1
certainly should be the last Senator to avoid the
benefit of the example. 1 have done all that I
could; I have smd to that Senator that if he de-
sired to be heard upon his bill I would, with great
pleasure, yield my motion; but if he desires to
take up the bill, which, as we have been informed,
will lead to debate, and probably a protracted
debate, I am not at liberty, because of the condi-
tion of the public business, to yield ,my motion. I
ask, therefore, that we proceed to the considera-
tion of Executive business.
Mr. MASON called forthe yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 23; as follows:
Y MAS—Mevsi -j. Allen, Bayaid, But lor, Cass, Clay, ('lay-
ton, Dodfje of Wisconsin, Docile of fowu, Johnson, .Mason,
Pratt, Itu^k, Sebastian, Seward, Slide)!, Toueey, and Wil-
liams—17.
NAYS—Me-^r*. Adam-*, Atchison, badger, Bell, Brujht,
Biown, Cha^c, Douglas, Evan*, Eveiett, Fep^endcn, F^h,
Foot,Ge\er, J«une , Jone*. of Iowa. Pettit, Shields. Stuart,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, ami Weller—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
RAILROAD IKON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill allowing a credit,
for a limited period, for duties on railroad iron
imported into the United States, repoi ted from the
Committee on Finance with an amendment.
The original bill provides that a credit of five
years shall be allowed on all unpaid bonds here-
tofore given for duties on railroad iron imported
into the United States, or the Territories thereof,
and on all bonds hereafter given for duties on rail-
road iron which shall be imported into the United
States or the Territories, within the period of two
years from the passing of this act; if it shall be
made to appear, to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, that the railroad iron has
been imported for the purpose of being laid down
on roads within the United States or the Territo-
ries thereof.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
back with an amendment, in the form of n substi-
tute, to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert (he following:
That the owner, importer, or consignee of anyiaihoad
