THE
GLOBE
_IHE_0FFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Sessiok.
SATURDAY, JULY 15, 1854.
New Series....No. 110.
he had not beuer leave that to the local law? If
the local law of Alabama, • for instance, allows
them to hold property, let it be done. 1 think
this might commit a great hardship, especially if
the local law permits such persons to hold prop-
erty.
Mr. DIXON. 1 suggest to the Senator that this
bill does not leave it to the local law.
Mr. CASS. I am aware of that; but I suggest
to the honorable Senator whether it would not be
better to leave this point to the local law, instead
of taking the property from the children.
Mr. DiXON. This is the point. This bill
casts the property upon the children of an alien.
I put a case to the Senator. An alien living in a
State or Territory files his declaration of intention
to become a citizen of the United States, and at
once makes an entry, in pursuance of the princi-
ples of ihis bill, upon one hundred and sixty acres
ofiand. He enters upon the land, and dies, leav-
ing in Germany, or in England, or in Ireland,
anywhere else abroad, children who are grown.
Having himself made the entry under the provis-
ions of the second section of this act, he entitles
those children living in England, Germany, Ire-
land, or anywhere else, to come here and obtain
a patent for the land without being naturaliz?d.
Will the Senator agree to that?
Mr. CASS. 1 agree with the Senator in refer-
ence (p that, and itis a point which 1 should wish
to have changed; but I think when a man dies and
leaves a minor family who would by law, ipso facto,
beeome citizens of the United Stat^; when he be-
comes naturalized, and leaves the property with
thern, and they are living upon it, there ought to
be some security for them. I think it should be
held by them when they are living upon it.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator will examine the
second section of the bill, he will see at once that
the law gives the land to the alien child. He gets
the full benefit of the law, and he may obtain a
patent for the land. It is with a view to prevent
that that I offer ihe proviso.
Mr. CASS. Therefore, I suggest again to the
Senator, whether his object could not be obtained
by limiting that provision of the act to persons
leaving minor children in this country, who are
residents with him upon the property?
Mr. DIXON. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator that this bill expressly casts it upon such per-
sons as I have described.
Mr. STUART. Then change it.
Mr. DIXON. My amendment does change the
provision of the bill;-
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator, in-
stead of excluding children of aliens entirely, to
exclude those only who are not residents in this
country.
Mr. DIXON. Thatis whattheamendment does.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that his object, and that of the Senator
from Michigan, can be accomplished, I think, by
an addition to the amendment whioh he offers. 1
will take the amendment and point it out.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator write out the
addition ?
Mr. CLAY. I am going to suggest it, and if
the Senator approves of it, he can adopt it. The
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] doesnotdeny,
as I understand, the position assumed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Ther? is no doubt that the
bill, in its present form, is in conflict with the
laws of many of the States. It is in conflict with
the laws of Alabama, where aliens have no in-
heritable blood, and where property is not trans-
mitted by descent to their heirs. The purpose
of the Senator from Kentucky is to amend the bill
so as to avoid this conflict, and not infringe upon
the rights of the States in determining who shall
be heirs. I think I can suggest the proper amend-
ment,which will meet the views of both Senators.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator misunderstands
my ohject. By the second section of the bill, if
an alien has entered upon the land, having made
a declaration of his intention to become a citizen,
and then dies before becoming naturalized, the
land is cast upon his children, they being aliens.
110
Mr. CLAY. I so understood. I understood
fully what the Senator was aiming at, and I say
his object is to correct that error in the bill—that
invasion of the rights of the States. Now I say
his amendment will do so, and at the same time
meet the views of the Senator from Michigan,
with a simple addition. The amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky is in these words:
" Provided, That the benefits of this aetshall not extend
to the children, hen s, or devisees of aliens born out of the
United States, and not entitled to citizenship."
And there it stops. Now, I think by adding—
but I will write out the amendment to meet the
object.
Mr. PRATT. I should much prefer to have
the vote taken upon the amendment as offered by
the Senator from Kentucky; because if he agrees
with the reasoning of the honorable Senator from
Michigan,! do not know but that I should be
obliged to submit the amendment which he is
asked to withdraw. '
Mr. DIXON. I do not withdraw it. The
Senator from Alabama only proposes to amend it.
Mr. PRATT. I do not want to make a speech
upon it.
Mr. CLAY. T propose this modification of the
amendment, which will meet the views of the
Senator from Michigan, I ptesume:
Provided, That the benefits of this act shall not extend
to the children, heirs, or devisees of aliens born out ot the
United Stateh, and not euutied to citizenship unless thfy
could inherit the land by the laws of the Slate in which the
land may be situated.
Mr. SHIELDS. " State or Territory."
Mr. CLAY. Well, make it " State or Terri-
tory. "
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Weller.]
Does the Senator from Kentucky accept that
modification?
Mr. DIXON. I do not. I think itis wrong.
I think the amendment, as I offeied it originally,
is correct. Some of the States may authorize
aliens to inherit lands. I do not know, but I
think some of them do. I am not in favor of
granting lands belonging to the people of the
United States, to persons who remain out of the
United States, who are born out of the United
States, and who are not citizens, and have taken
no steps whatever to constitute themselves citi-
zens, merely from the fact, that their ancestor has
filed a declaration of intention to become a citizen,
and entitled himself to the benefits of this act by
making such a declaration. I think the modifica-
tion which the Senator proposes is not right; and
therefore do not accept of it.
Mr. PRATT. The object of the amendment
is to prevent anybody being entitled to hold lands
within the limits of the United States who is not
a citizen of the United States, or obliged to be-
come a citizen before he can acquire a legal title to
the land. That is the object. I suppose that all
the Senators here will agree that that ought to be
the case; that no one should be entitled to hold
lands in the United States who is not obliged to
become a citizen of the United States. Now, if
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Alabama be adopted as a substitute for that of the
Senator from Kentucky, this object would not be
attained. Under the provisions of the bill as it
now stands, the children of any person who de-
clares his intention to become a citizen, in the
event of the death of that person so declaring his
intention, would become per se, by the death, the
owners in fee simple of the land. There would
be no subsequent necessity, in order to their being
entitled to the land, that they should become nat-
uralized citizens of the United States, Whether they
lived here, or whether they were abroad at the
death of the ancestor.
Now, I am aware that, under th$ naturalization
laws, when a minor resides here, and the ancestor
becomes naturalized, the minor, by that natural-
ization of the ancestor, becomes a naturalized cit-
izen of the United States; but that is not the case
here. The ancestor never becomes naturalized;
consequently the child is not naturalized, and the
bill imposes no obligation upon him to become
naturalized, in order to enable him to become 4a
owner in fee of land within the limits of the Uni-
ted States. The result.would be, in all that class*
of cases, that persons not citizens of the United
States would be owners of land within its limits.
I think that is wrong, nor can there be any neces-
sity for it. The honorable Senator from Michigan
supposes that there would be a hardship on thepar£
of the child residing here not to inherit this estate
of the ancestor at the death of the parent. If the
child resides here, under the provisions of,this
bill, on the death of the ancestor, he would be-
1 come the head of the family, and he would be
I entitled himself to enter, rnuke his declaration,
j become a citizen,and take up the one hundred and
! sixty acres of land which the ancestor left. That
j would become his land by only declaring his in-
tention to become a citizen; so that the difference
would be only, by the adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky, to provide that no
party should become the owner in fee of land-in
the United States without becoming a citizen; and
no hardship would exist, because such a child of
a party thus dying would be a foreigner,,,and
would only have to make a declaration of inten-
tion to entitle him to all the benefits of thistbill.
Mr SEWARD. The bill, as I understand it,
provides that when an alien, having declared his
intention to become a citizen of the United States,
shall settle upon these lands, he shall become the
owner thereof, after an occupancy of five years;
and it declares further that, in case of his death,
his children shall own it—that the land shall be-
come the property of his children. The proposed
amendment is to the effect that, in case he shall
have died before becoming naturalized, the lands
shall revert to the United States. That I suppose
to be the effect of the amendment.
Mr. DIXON. The amendment only provides
that children (born out of the United States) of
persons born out of the United States shall not
inherit the land.
Mr. SEWARD. Where would it go? Would
it revert to the United States ?
Mr. DIXON. It is limited to those only who
are born out of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. And living out of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SEWARD. I am glad to see that it is
limited so far. Would the honorable Senator be
willing that it should read " children living out of
the United States?"
Mr. DIXON. I am willing to insert "chil-
dren living in the United States, and who have
not attained the age of twenty-one years;" but I
would not extend the provisions of the bill to chil-
dren over twenty-one years, and who are aliens.
Mr.SEWARD. Whatl want to guard against
is the great hardship which it will be, if, after an
alien has gone upon the one hundred and sixty
acres of land and reduced it into a condition fit to
live upon, and he dies, leaving a destitute family
there, the Government should not only take the
land back, but also the improvements which the
settler has made upon it. That is the effect of the
proposition as it stands; and if that is so, I shall
certainly vote against it.
The Grovernment is the owner of the land. It
has the power to attach certain conditions to the
grant of the land. It gives it upon any terms
that it pleases. Ifit fixes a condition which seems
to be a just and humane one, that the land should,
revert without the improvement to the Govern-
ment, there would be less objection to it;butafter
the settler has invested his labor and money in the
land, to withdraw it into the general fund of the
United States, and withdrawing not only the
original grant, but the improvement which en-
hanced its value, would be a great hardship. I see
no inconvenience to result from this, for it may
be in States which have not adopted the policy to
let children in such cases inherit the land. I do
not see that there is any objection to it in princi-
ple. On the contrary, in many of the States, with;
the laws of which I am acquainted, there has been
a great relaxation in the laws on the subject of th$
descent of lands to aliens. All these objections
