888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April II,
is to be a party to that war—a leading party; and
that funds to a laige amount will be immediately
required by her to carry on its operations. The
very shadow of these events has produced a panic
in all commercial circles on the continent. Stocks
have already fallen on the Bourse, in Paris, and
on the Exchange, in London. Our own stocks
have also become depreciated, and are quoted at
nominal prices; and they are returning upon us.
Whatever may be the final result, and its bear-
ing upon the interests of this country, we see that
the country feels already the approach of a crisis.
Good, well-established stocks have fallen within
the last week in the expectation of the commence-
ment of war in Europe from iive to seven per cent.,
and the fall, it is thought by many, has only just
begun. Not only is this seen, but there are aiso
the indications of the commencement of a com-
mercial revulsion. We have been sending from
the eastern States to San Francisco large quanti-
ties of flour, and of implements of agriculture, and
of those for mining, and 1 have observed, within
a few days past, that vessels have returned from
thence freighted with their own outgoing freights,
instead of gold, and that that is producing de-
rangement in our Pacific region. The effect of
this will be a sirmlaV derangement elsewhere to a
greater or less extent.
Now, although we have a surplus revenue, and
have had for a few years past, no one can say that
the imports of the next three yeais will exceed the
wants of the Treasury. On the contrary, those
who will take the pains to examine, will find that
the imports have aheady sensibly diminished since
the shadow of this European war fell upon us.
We are < hen to have, in all probability, for a time,
a reduction of the imposts and duties. This,
therefore, seems to me just the worst time in which
to depart from the system which we have been
pursuing in regard to the revenue.
In the next place, if it were true that it were
perfectly safe to reduce ourrevenues, I have heard
no argument to satisfy me that the iron interest is
that interest which ought to bear the entire reduc-
tion. It seems to me to bean entire depaituie
from every principle of equity to make the i educ-
tion bear on tins single interestalone. .But, as;ain,
if tins reduction of revenue is conceived to be safe,
upon what basis can we reckon that, during the
next three years, we shall not have occasion, at
home, for all the revenue which we can collect*
If we aie to construct a railroad, or aid 111 the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific ocean, we
shall need,after the liberal gratuities of the public
lands which have been given to other roads, to
fortify the Treasury—to replenish and keep it full
inMead of reducing its stored. Thus, if this piop-
osition proceeds upon the ground that wc arc to
remain at pen'-e, it seems to me very objection-
able. But who knows how long we aie to be aide
to keep, as a party, out of the convulsion which
its coining on in the nations of Europe' 1 think
no one can say that our neutral rights are so sure
to be respected by the belligerents in Europe, that
wc shall not become, if not, an active party, at least
a party so fur as to render it necessary to use our
military and naval power for the protection of the
rights of our citizens and their commerce. In
every point of view, therefore, which I can take
of this subject, it seems to be unwise.
There is but one other remark which I wish to
present now; I see here a proposition for the aid
and suppoit of all the railroads in the United
States. I believe that, in repaid to the one which
has caused this measure to be brought before us,
it is reasonable and just m a limited debtee; but
I do not know why, because a railroad in Noith !
Carolina is in need of tins aid, the capitalists of i
Boston, the capitalists of New York, or the capi-
talists of Philadelphia, who are engaged with ade-
quate means in the construction of railroads, as
largely and as extensively as is consistent with the
general interests of society, so as to avoid a de-
rangement of the whole business of the country,
ought also to receive this boon at our hands, and
at the cost of the other interests of the country.
On these grounds 1 am not willing to vote for the
bill.
Mr. STUART. I had examined the bill and
substitute reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, and was perfectly satisfied that it was one
which I could not support. How it may be in |
respect to the pronosmon submitted by the Sena- 1
tor from Illinois, I really do not feel prepared to i
| say. It must be obvious to every Senator that
' the subject proposed is one of vast importance,
! in every point of view. I think there are points
i of importance involved in it which perhaps are
I greater than at first blush would strike the mind
I of almost any man. I confess the morel think
I; of the subject, the more magnitude it seems to
possess; and, therefore, I suggest thfe propriety of
postponing the consideration of the subject until
to-morrow, so that we may have the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois printed and
before us, and see very clearly what it is that we
are about to do.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
; I will state at this point that I have received a
letter from one of the Senators from Pennsylva-
nia, stating his anxiety to he here when this sub-
ject is consideted. He expected to be here last
I night, but was attacked with sickness, and there-
fore prevented.
Mr. STUART. I was only intending to add,
that a subject of this importance should not be
acted upon—I submit to the Senate—on an amend-
ment which we have merely heaid read from our
table. I therefore move that the feather consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until to-morrow,
and that the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois be printed.
Mr. YVELLER. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Michigan will meet with no objec-
tion. The Senators from Pennsylvania desire on
this question to represent and defend the interests
of their State. Either of them is able to do so;
but both of them are confined by indisposition,
and neither of them is able to be here to-day; and
therefore I think there is a peculiar propriety m
postponing the consideration of the question until
to-morrow, when one of them may be here.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say, that I have
not the slightest objection to the motion of the
Senator from Michigan. Wecanhavetheamend-
ment printed by to-mozrow, and one of the Sena-
tors from Pennsylvania will be here by that time.
I will then ask the Senate to take up the bill—not
with any desire to press it to the exclusion of every
other business, or to give it any undue advantage;
but with the view of having the sense of the Sen-
ate upon it.
Mr. RUSK. I should like, if it would be as
convenient to the Senator from North Carolina,
to have the bill postponed for a longer period. I
have given notice, this morning, of my intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill which shall cover
the ground proposed by this bill, as well as pro-
vide permanently for the transportation of the
mails It is a subject which ought to be acted
upon promptly. These i.uhoad companies now
cany the mails or not, as they choose; and it
j- seems to me to be very important, in any action
taken upon the subject of reducing the duties on
| ii on, or taking (hem oil* altogether, that we should
make some provision further than thus bill doesm
; relation to the transportation of the mails. The
i truth is the Department is now at the mercy of
, the railroads. There is a quarrel existing at this
j time between them. 1 have not looked into the
j matter, and do not pretend to say which is right;
i but certainly it is veiv desirable that we should
■ make some provision which shall apply to those
; railroads that are m existence, as well as to all those
' which vshall hereafter be constructed, by which
j confusion in regard to the mails may be avoided,
1 and at the same time diminish the great expense
attendant upon their transportation, under the
, present system.
; I will state briefly, and in general terms,what 1
' shall propose to do by the bill of which I have
, given notice.
It is this: To authorize any company owning
j any road which has been completed, or such as
may be hereafter constructed, that will enter into
contracts with the Postmaster General to tians-
■ poit forever, free of charge, the mails upon their
roads, under such rules as Congress or the Post-
, master General may prescribe, to import all iron
necessary for the construction, repairs, or relay-
ing their roads, free of duty. I shall propose,
also, to go still further. Railroads are being car-
ried foiward with great rapidity. I have voted
for all the bills granting alternate sections to such
roads. I expect to vote for all that may ask for
grants hereafter. But it is evident, from the action
of Congress for tke last two or three sessions,
that the system of grants, if applied at all, will be
applied very partially. It will be of no general
benefit; for, notwithstanding the great facilities
with which such bills pass the Senate, they uni-
formly fall in the House of Representatives; so
that in place of being of general benefit, it perhaps
tends to create ill-feeling in different sections of
the country. One section is more fortunate m get-
ting railroad bills through than another; and it
consequently creates jealousy, distrust, and ill-feel-
ing, which interfere withlegislation. 1 propose—
in the bill which I have not yet matured, but of
which 1 have given notice this morning—m addi-
tion to authorizing the construction of roads, to
grant to all railroad companies who shall enterinto
contracts for canying the mails on the terms I
have indicated, and who shall construct a sub-
stantial double track, six sections of land to the
mile, out of the public lands of the United States.
1 think that by some such policy as this, we shall
make a great saving of expense to the Govern-
ment, facilitate and promote the construction of
roads, and greatly dimmish the risk of human life
by procuring the building of double tracks.
Mr.FITZPATRlCK. Forall roads?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir, all roads in the United
States; so as to make it a general bill. That was
my idea upon the subject, and I should be glad to
have time to present my plan before taking a final
vote upon this bill.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the plan sug-
gested by my friend from Texas is a very large
one; and I do not know but that when he brings
it forward, I shall be entirely in favor of it; but I
hope he will not embarrass this bill with it. The
bill is, by no means, necessarily connected with
his proposed plan. They are independent meas-
ures, and each may be adopted, or one may be
adopted without the other, so far as I see, with-
out any necessary inconvenience.
I have no objection, as I have already stated, to
the postponment of this bill until to-morrow; be-
cause 1 think it is fair to the Senate, and I think
it is fair to the absent Senators from Pennsylvania;
but if this subject is to be postponed long, so far
as the State which I represent is concerned, it will
be a matter of very little importance whether the
t bill passes or not.
j Now, sir, my own position is this: I have al-
j ways believed both in the power of Congress, by
' duties, to protect the domestic industry of this
country, and in the expediency of Congress exer-
cising that power within reasonable guards; or, as
General Jackson expressed it, I have always been,
at least for many years past, in favor of a " judi-
cious tariff;" and it has never been my fortune yet
to meet with any man in or out of Congress who
was not. But, sir, I confess, if the only opera-
tion of a "judicious tariff" is to impose burdens
upon a State that scarcely ever receives anything
from the country; and if the effect of that system
is to postpone the consideration of a small bill,
which proposes no exclusive benefit to that sec-
tion of the country, but is, as it ought to be, im-
partially applicable to the whole country, 1 shall
begin to doubt very seriously whether a " judi-
cious tariff" is a judicious thing to be supported
by a representative of North Carolina.
I hope, sir, that we will take up and dispose of
the pending measure before the Senate. It is not
complex in its details. It is easily understood.
Its application and effect no one can misunder-
stand. if tire Senate is in favor of it, I hope it
will be passed, if the Senate is opposed to it, I
shall enter no complaints; I shall submit, as I
ought to do, with most perfect acquiescence in its
determinations on the subject; but 1 beg that my
friend from Texas will not complicate this little
matter about suspending the duties on railroad ij*on
with the laige scheme for the PostOffice which he
proposes to bring forwaid.
Mr. PRATT. I hope my honorable friend
from North Carolina will consent to a postpone-
ment to a longer day than the one which has been
designated. Pie says that a postponement for a
longer period would result in depriving the rail-
road in his State of the benefits which he pro-
poses to result from this bill. I cannot see that
that will be so; because, if the substitute which
has been offered by the Senator from Illinois be
adopted, I apprehend, inasmuch as it not only
releases all iron hereafter to be imported, but also
iron which has been imported since the first of
July last, the Senator'^ railroad will not be de-
prived of the benefits which this bill proposes to
