1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
did not vote for one of the amendments offered by
myself?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did; but T voted
under protest, because the friends of the bill con-
ceded it, and I stated so at the time. I will ask
the Senator a question: Do you not mean to vote
against the bill, although both of your amend-
ments have been attached to it ?
Mr. DIXON. 1 will answer frankly that I
shall vote against it: and I will state anoth^g
fact. I prefer another principle, and for that
reason I should vote against this bill. I am for
a distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
among the States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I agree with
the Senator myself. I am for a distribution, but
he knows, as every Senator knows, that a dis-
tribution among the States is impossible.
Mr. DIXON. I do not know that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let the Sen-
tor offer an amendment of that sort, and get the
test.
Mr. DIXON". Let .the Senatoroffer it himself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will propose a
distribution policy, if the Senator will agree, if it
fails, to vote for the bill. Then, of course, the
Senator says he is for the first, if he can get it; if
not, then he is for the next best. I will propose
a distribution policy, i will gfo for that; and if it
is lost, 1 wart the Senator to go with me, as I have
declared that I take this as an alternative—nothing
els?.
Novv, if we have-strength io carry this, let us
do it as it is; and I want to know of the Senator
From Illinois [Mr Douglas] where he is. He
said he would fight with me on this question; but
he has left me to fight all the battles on this side,
and God knows there is enough to crush twenty
men like me; and yet, by detail, they are de-
stroying and crushing this measure. Now, if its
friends huve atiength enough to carry it through,
let us stand by it, and do so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator's
question, where I am. I am for this bill, and the
reason why I have not been talking about it is,
that 1 discovered, long ago, that the tactics of the
enemy were to talk out the time, and prevent a
vote upon the bill. The best evidence of friend-
ship for it is silence; the best evidence of hostility
is to talk away the time till the end of the cession,
and not let it pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I accept-the sug-
gestion of the Senator. There is not a man on
God's earth who knows better how to get out of
a sharp corner than he does. I will close my
speech by asking him and all the friends of the
bill to vote down all amendments, and, if we have
got strength, to pass it; if not, let them kill it.
Mr. ADAMS. The appeal made by the Sena-
tor from Tennessee occurs to my mind as a most
extraordinaiy one. Lie says the friends of this
bill should be gagged. It is immaterial what
amendment may be offered, although it commends
itself to the approbation of thfir judgment, al-
though they may know that it is right and proper
that it should be offered, that the bill should be
perfected, though they may believe tl?e bill to be
impertect, yet, the Senator says, owing to the fact
that somegentlemen have made propositions to try
to perfect the bill, the friends of the measure are
to be forced to vote against such amendments as
maybe proposed. -Such a course of legislation,
it seems to me, cannot be approved of, either by
this body or by the country. I take it for granted,
there is not a Senator on this floor who, in any
proposition which is made, is not bound to sup-
pose that it is made in good faith, and will exer-
cise his own judgment as to whether he ought to
vote for it, or against it. The fact that a Senator
maf be opposed to abiil in principle, and may in-
tend ultimately to vote against it, is no reason why
he should not endeavor to make it as acceptable
as possible to the country and to this body. As
I understand the rules of the body,*and the rules
of propriety, and th'e rules of justice, they do not
exclude a man from endeavoring to perfect a bill.
The Senator says that the opposition here has
every kind of " ism" in it. It has the " ism" of
justice, and of equality, and of right; it has con-
stitutionalism, it is true; but there is no Know-
Nothingism in it.
1 did not rise for the purpose of discussing this
subject, but to enter my protest against any Sen-
ator's attempting to control the judgment of other
Senators, when any proposition may be legiti-
mately offered that meets the approbation of their
judgment.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand the Senator from
Tennessee to be opposed to the offering of all
amendments, on the ground that they are to be
discarded, as having by presumption, no merit. I
think he comes very near the case of the man who
declaimed violently against Jay's treaty, and when
Colonel Walton, a distinguished signer of the
Declaration of Independence, who had voted for
it upon his responsibility as a member of Con-
gress, said to him: "You inveigh very much
against the treaty,and you denounce all who voted
for it; have you ever read it?" " No, sir," says
he;/' and I never shall read it, and I never would
read such a"—I cannot use the adjective that
he used, but such an "unconstitutional treaty."
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say, in answer
to the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee,
that he is greatly mistaken if he supposes that in
any proposition which I make upon this floor to
amend this bill, I desire to make the bill itself im-
practicable. I employ no such tactics. My op-
position to the bill is open, manly, and decided,
and I have so stated to the Senator himself. I do
not mean now to go into the gene'ral merits of the
bill. I shall do so hereafter; and 1 think I shall
satisfy the gentleman, notwithstanding what he
said yesterday, that the policy of the bill will be
attacked by its opponents, and they will not
satisfy themselves simply, as he thinks, with
skirmiif/hing from chapparels. 1 say to the honor-
able Senator, in answer to his appeal to me, that I
am opposed to the bill in every particular. I am
opposed to its policy. I am opposed to its pro-
visions as they now stand; but I cannot be insen-
sible to the fact that it is by no means an impos-
sible thing that it should pass the Senate; and if
it is to pass, I wish it to be as little objectionable
as possible to my judgment.
What is the proposition against which it has
pleased the Senator to inveigh? He stands up
and supports, before the Senate, the proposition of
the bill, that any individual, who has not the re-
motest interest m the country, who was not born
here, who may have arrived here but yesterday,
should be entitled to go on to the public land?*,
which belong to the people of the United States,
to settle there, to cultivate those lands, and by his
settlement and cultivation to entitle himself to a
fee-simple in the soil. He does not propose to
wait until the immigrant thall have obtained the
right of a citizen. He does not propose to sub-
ject him to any apprenticeship before he is entitled
to enter upon the soil; but from the moment of his
arrival he is to be placed upon the same footing
as an American citizen born m the United States.
Now, by the first section of the bill, a citizen born
m the United States is not to be entitled to any of
those privileges which the Senator from Tennessee
is willing to afford to foreigners, until he reaches
the age of twenty-one years. The policy of your
bill is to settle and cultivate the public lands. M y
proposition is to carry out the policy, and to give
the same advantages to citizens born upon the
soil, as you give to foreigners who have come
j here but yesterday. Will the Senator deny, for a
moment, that if this policy can be carried out by
granting these privileges to citizens born on the
soil, it ought not to be so carried out in reference
to foreigners? He will certainly not so contend;
and yet he exclaims, with holy horror, against
the proposition by which the children of Ameri-
can citizens are to be entitled to go upon the soil,
to settle it, to cultivate it, to carry out the policy
of the bill, and to be restricted from their title
until they have attained the age of twenty-one
years, in the very breath in which he is advocating
the right of the foreigner without any limitation
| of age—there is no limitation of age on the for-
! eigner—and without any restriction of color, as
; he has just contended. Without restriction of
; color, ay, character, or interest in the soil, or m
i the institutions of the country, the foreigner, at
j the first instant he lands upon the soil, is to have
the right to create for himself a title to one hun-
dred and sixty acres of yourland,and thechildren
of the man who has fought and bled, and, perhaps,
died, in the service of the country, are to be de-
prived of the same right; and yet the Senator
talks of an amendment—intended to make the bill
odious by an amendment—and of fighting from
chaparrals, and not touching the principle of the
bill, but keeping ourselves fighting the outworks.
Sir, I offer this amendment in good faith; and!
feel confident that it will meet the sanction of the
American Senate. '
Mr. WALKER. If it were not for the sincerity
and earnestness manifested by the honorable geft-
tleman in his speech, I should certainly have
thought he was not sincere in offering this afae&d-
ment. Why, sir, the adoption of theamendmefft,
and the passage of the bill thus amended, would
beget a scene of speculation which would exceed
any that ever took place under the old floating
system of some of the preemption acts. By the
amendment a boy, whose father and mother are
both living, would be permitted to go and settle
upon the public lands, though he is not competent
to collect his own debts, not competent to purchase
a horse or anything else, but to whose service the
father or the mother is entitled. It is immaterial
how many children there may be in a family, each
one of them, under the amendment, may make
his selection for speculative purposes, the benefit
of which would probably result to the chief 6f
the speculation—the father or the mother. I call
scarcely believe that the Senator can be in earnest
in offering such a proposition. If he were a friend
of the bill, and this would reconcile him to its
support, I could believe more truly that he was
sincere m the proposition. But it looks so much
11 k e one of those propositio n s offered, not to perfect,
but to embarrass the bill, that, notwithstanding
the apparent sincerity of the gentleman, and not-
withstanding his known character for candor, I
can scarcely believe that he is, to the full extent,
sincere in this amendment. I hope it will not be
adopted. If it shall be adopted, of course, the
friends of-the bill in the Senate will feel that the
time has not arrived when they can pass a home-
stead bill at all The engrafting of that provision
must render the bill, to say the least, less bene-
ficial than otherwise.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is the objection to
allowing an American boy of nineteen years of
age to go upon a piece of land, cultivate it, and get
his patent at the end of five years, provided 'he
settles upon the land, cultivates it, and complies
with all the provisions of the bill, even though his
I father may have a dozen other children, and mfty
j himself receive one hundred and sixty acres?
! Mr. WALKER. TheSenator puts a question
! to me which ts not contained in his amendment,
i The ajnenu merit says nothing about nineteen years
j of age. For all that appears from it, the minor
! may be one, two, or three years of age.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to make ifc
| sixteen years. It is already provided that he must
j settle and cultivate the land.
| Mr. WALKER. If the Senator had listened
I to me, he would have heard me say that he pro-
| poses that an individual shall settle on the pubjic
! lands, who is not even entitled to the wages of hi£
: own service, who cannot make a valid contract
j for the purchase of a horse or anything else. He
! cannut contiacta debt. He can engage in none of
i the pursuits of life, according to law, because of
• his incapacity as a minor; and yet the amendment
j would allow him to occupy land, for purposes of
! speculation, to be controlled and kept there by an
i individual or individuals who intended only to make
j a speculation out of his occupancy. If you intend
' to give him the right to occupy the public lands
i in this way, if it is in your power, disembarrass
j him; let him be permitted to buy his stock; let
[ him be permitted to buy his farming implements;
S let him be permitted to collect the dues to which
i he may be entitled from the sale of the products
of his farm. Give him some privileges which are*
commensurate with the rights of a land owner.
But to place him, in his condition of incapacity,
in the position of one entitled to occupy the land,
to acquire this preemptive right, and finally to get
it for himself, is, to say the least, proposing to
place the bill in a condition that would be less ben-
j eficial than it is now.
But, sir, amendments have been engrafted upon
the bill. They have been engrafted upon the bill,
not by its friends, but by its enemies. I was
sorry to see some of the friends of the bill cooper-
ate in the adoption of those amendments. Some
of them did so, declaring at the time', as the honor-
