1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
confer. Then, whether it pass now or a month
hence, it will have 110 effect upon the road.
Now, sir, the State of Pennsylvania, unrepre-
sented at this moment on the floor of the Senate,
is the State most deeply interested in the question
of depriving the iron interest of the protection
afforded by the duty proposed to betaken off; and
perhaps the little State of Maryland is the one
next most interested. My colleague [Mr. Pearce]
is away; he has been called home by indisposition
in his family. Both of the Senators from Penn-
sylvania are absent from their seats because of
indisposition. Then I submit to the Senate
whether, when there is no possible necessity for
pressing the subject to immediate decision, it
would not be just to postpone it until those States
are fully represented upon this floor? I hope,
therefore, that the Senator from North Carolina,
who is obliged to go home, will consent to a post-
ponement until after he«bal! have returned; and
I will propose Monday week, instead of to-mor-
row, as the day to which this bill shall be post-
poned.
Mr. President, the remarks of the honorable
Senator from N&w York well deserve theattention
of the Senate and of the country. We are upon the
verge of a great commercial crisis. Every one
must see it. We have had laid upon our tables
within a few days past, in reply to a resolution of
a Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,]
now absent, a statement of the indebtedness on
the part of this countiyto European capitalists,
and I find that it is $222,225,315. This amount
is already due to foreigners by the companies and
people of this country m railroad honds for rail-
road iron, and on other securities. We know
that these railroad bonds are falling in the market.
The effect of the crisis in Europe has been to send
them.back here for sale, and you find that every
one of this description.of securities is going down
in the market. I apprehend that it will not re-
quire stimulants for the purpose of having an
increase of railroads, but that the true policy of
the country at this time is to do nothing at any
rate which shall stimulate the different sections of
the country in increasing the number of these
roads. If these two hundred and twenty-two mil-
lions of our securities held abroad be brought back
here for sale in our market, every one must see
that it will bring about a commercial crisis, such
as has not been known in the country for half a
century—such certainly as has not been expe-
rienced within the last twenty or thirty years.
At any rate, sir, the subject is certainly one of
sufficient importance to entitle it to mature con-
sideration. It should therefore be postponed, and
the amendments should be printed, that every one
maybe enabled to see their bearing, and their full
bearing. We should have the proposition of the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] before us, so
that if anything is to be done, we may see what
can be done with the least injury to that great class
of the community, the iron interest of this coun-
try; and, at ihe same time, if we are bound to
benefit these corporations, that we may do so.
For myself, on looking at this subject, I cannot
see why the Government of the United States
should be bound to contribute §4,000,000 annually
to the large capitalists, who have engaged their
means, for the purpose of making money by the
construction of railroads in the different sections
of this country. That is the bald proposition,
stripped of everything which surrounds it, and
you are to disturb your tariff and to strike down
the greatest interest protected by it, for the pur-
pose of giving that amount of money to the capi-
talists engaged in this particular adventure!
I hone my proposition to postpone this bill until
next Monday week, will be acceeded to by the Sen-
ate, if not by the Senators who have this bill imme-
diately in charge. By that time, we may hope to
have present, both my colleague and the Senators
from Pennsylvania, and we shall then understand
better than we do now what is to be the effect of
this measure, and its results upon the country,
and particularly upon the great interest at which
it certainly strikes in some degree; at least to the
extent of the protection afforded by the imposi-
tion of an annual duty of over $4,000,000. .
The proposition of the Senator from Illinois
contains another feature which, as it was read,
struck me to be rather singular in its effect. It
proposes not only to take off the duty on iron to
be imported for railroad purposes hereafter, but it
is to have a retroactive effect, and the Govern-
ment is to refund the duties paid upon all such
iron imported since the 1st of July last. If that
is to be the policy of the country—if we are to
give to capitalists who have not yet completed
these works the money which they have paid to
the Government as import duties on iron for their
particular roads—how, I ask, can we refuse to
give to the capitalists of your State, sir, and of
mine, who have completed their roads, the duties
which they have paid for the railroad iron used on
those roads? This is a bounty to capitalists; and
I ask, in justice and fairness, why those who
have made a road from this city to Baltimore, and
a road from Baltimore to the Ohio river, without
which many of these other roads would be com-
paratively useless, and those who have made other
roads which have been completed, and the invest-
ments m which have been entirely unproductive,
should not have returned to them the amount of
duties which they paid ? Those who are now be-
ing engaged in the construction of these roads are,
according to this proposition, to have returned to
them the duties which they may have paid since
July last! It is an arbitrary rule. Why it should
be July I do not know, except that that time suits
some particular road, or particular class of roads.
And why it should not as well be July, 1850, as
July, 1853, I do not know.
Mr. President, this is certainly a subject which
requires more consideration than can be bestowed
upon it this morning; and I do hope that theSen-
ate will concur in having it postjponedtill Monday
week.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I think it is
very evident, from the discussion this morning,
that it will be impossible to dispose of this ques-
tion now. 1 do not think it ought to be disposed
of without a full investigation. Why, sir, it is a
proposition to give $4,000,000 per annum to the
railroad companies in the United States; and that
my friend from North Carolina calls a very
" small" thing. He said he hoped my friend
from Texas would not embarrass this " little"
bill of his with any proposition growing out of
the carrying of the mails of the United States.
Sir, it seems to me this is a very important meas-
ure. It is a proposition to take $4,000,000 out of
the Treasury and give that to railroad companies
now organized in the United States, thus enabling
them to compete successfully with other compa-
nies who have constructed their roads, and have
paid full duties upon their iron ! That strikes me,
at first blush, as unjust. There are many rail-
roads in the United States which have been com-
pleted for years, and are now in successful oper-
ation; and there are companies being organized for
the purpose of constructing roads along the same
lines, intended to compete with them; and you
propose that the companies now being organized
shall import into the United States their iron free
of duty. This, it seems to me, would be an act
of injustice to those who have already constructed
roads after having paid the duties exacted by law.
But, sir, there is another question which should
weigh with us. You are to look to the manufac-
tories which have been established in the United
States for the manufacture of railroad iron. I de-
sire to have an opportunity of ascertaining what
will be the effect of abolishing the duties on rail-
road iron on the manufactories which have been
established in this country. It does seem to me,
on the first blush, that the effect must be to strike
down all those manufacturers of our own who
have invested their capitalin this particular branch
of industry. But I have not turned my attention
to this point. 1 trust, however, the bill will not
be allowed to pass without full investigation—
without our knowing exactly what we are doing
—how it will affect not only the rights,and inter-
ests of capitalists who have completed their roads,
but how far it will affect the interests of the capi-
talists of the country who have invested their
money in the manufacture of railroad iron.
A short time eince I indicated a wish that this
question ought to go over in order_ that the_ two
Senators who feel a particular interest in it
should have an opportunity of being heard. They
are understood to represent the iron interest of
this country, and I desire that they shall be fully
heard, not only for my own satisfaction, but for
the satisfaction of others, who may be, unfortu-
nately, as ignorant of the trueeffect of this measure
| as I am. All that I desire to Bay to-day is, that
this strikes me, at first, blush as an unjust thing—
as a measure which is calculated to build up a
particular set ofcompanies at the expense of others,
and that it will havean effect upon your Treasury
to diminish your receipts some four or five mil-
lions of dollars per annum. I do not know how
you propose to dispose of the surplus revenue
which you collect; but, in my judgment, there will
be ample opportunities presented in the next four
or five years for the investment of every dollar of it
wisely and beneficially.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I concur with
those Senators who have expressed the opinion
that this is a subject of too much importance to be
considered and disposed of in one, two, or even
three mornings. I am of opinion, however, that
something ought to be done in.relation to thesub-
ject-matter of this bill. In the section of country
which I represent there is a very large interest
connected with the construction of railroads—
railroads not being constructed by large capital-
ists, but many of which are dependent upon the
subscriptions of farmers and planters on the lines
of those roads. Since the great rise in the price
of labor, as well as of iron, some of those compa-
nies who commenced their works under fair aus-
pices, and with the expectation of completing
them without difficulty, find themselves at this
time very much embarrassed. Now, although
the Southwest has a considerable interest in the
iron manufacture, 1 am not aware that any of the
capitalists engaged in that business in that re-
gion have any disposition to engage in the manu-
facture of railroad iron. Nevertheless, I think a
more general view ought to be taken of this sub-
ject than any one which is confined to any par-
ticular locality or interest—to one or more States.-"
There is one consideration connected with this
subject which ought to be weighed before we can
determine wisely upon it, which I think has not
yet been suggested by any gentleman.
In the present state of the Treasury, the finan-
cial question connected with this measure—the
question of how much would be subtracted by it
from the present means of the Government, or its
prospective revenue in reference to any immediate
future before us, or in regard to what may be the
condition of Europe—is not so important, in my
judgment, as another question; I mean a question
connected with the manufacture of railroad iron
in this country.
A very intelligent gentleman of my own State,
the president of one of the companies which finds
itself somewhat embarrassed by the circumstances
to which 1 have already alluded, forwarded to me
some time ago a memorial asking Congress to sus-
pend the collection of the duty on railroad iron
until a limited time after theroads now being con-
structed should be put into operation. In a private
communication to me, he went into the reasoning
on which the prayer of that memorial was founded.
No one of the company of which he is the president
is at all interested in theiron manufacture; but taking
a larger view of the subject, and looking to thein-
terest of all sections of the country, and the railroad
interest generally, his conclusion against the re-
peal of duty on railroad iron seemed to me to be .
well supported. The prayer of the memorial was
to suspend the collection of the duty until three
years after the road should go into operation. Ho
was of the opinion that suspension would proba-
bly be more beneficial to the railroad interest than
the repeal of the duty.
Sir, I confess that his reasoning made an lmpre-
sion upon upon my mind. He contended—and it
struck me forcibly—that if you repeal the duty
entirely, you place the whole railroad interest, eo
far as it is connected with the price of railroad
iron, within the control of the English manufac-
turers. He was persuaded that the repeal of the
duty would be followed by the immediate suspen-
sion of the works now engaged in the manufacture
of railroad iron in this country. The English
manufacturers, seeing this result—seeing that the
suspension of these works, and the withdrawal of
capital from them, would inayearortwo advance
their prices; so that the full amount deducted from
the present price of railroad iron in this country
by the repeal of the duty would probably be more
than balanced by the increased price of railroad
iron in England.
