890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Well, sir, since receiving that communication,
I have taken occasion to converse with gentlemen
who are far better informed on thus subject than
myself, and they concur m the sentiment that it
will be impossible for the manufacturers of rail-
road iron in the United States to compete success-
fully with the English manufacturers, if the exist-
ing duty is repeaitd. The moment it is under-
stood that the existing duty is to be repealed or
suspended, manufacturers will close their busi-
ness, and look about for some other employment
of their capital and labor; they will consider their
investments for the present as a total loss, as the
laiger portion of their machinery is not fit to be ap-
plied to the manufacture of any other description of
iron. Now, sir, as I understand.abouteighty thou-
sand tons of railroad iron are now annually manu-
factured in the United States, being nearly or quite
one fourth the whole consumption. Taking the
average of the last few years, this is, perhaps,
not quite one fourth; but certainly eighty thou-
sand ions per annum is a very considerable pro-
portion of the railroad iron ysed in the United
•States. If we suppose that the consumption of
this article in this country amounts annually to
§15,000,000 in value, then the importations of it
would amount to about $12,000,000,find the iminu-
factuiein this country, one fouith of the whole,
would be about $3,000,000 in value. I have not
looked info the statistics or the official repoi ts upon
this subject, nor have I informed myself from
other sources of the actual state of the trade in this
article, as I was not aware that this subject would
be taken up this morning;; but the fact, f believe,
is, that about one fourth of the railroad iron now
consumed in the United States is manufactured in
this country If you repeal the duty, these man-
ufacturers will at once cease their operations, and
this would produce an increased demand to that
amount upon the English manufacturers; and the
inference drawn by my friend who made this
communication to me, accompanying the memo-
rial from Tennessee to which 1 have alluded, was,
that probably the whole amount of the duty
would be made up in a veiy short time by the in-
creased price of railroad iron in England.
Now, sir, what is to be the effect of the present
aspect of affairs in Europe, is a different question.
When the gentleman to whom 1 have referred
made these calculations, it was with no reference
to any such crisis as that which now seems im-
pending in Europe. I believe that one of the
greatest causes of the large increase in the price of
railroad iron, particularly in England, is not so
much owing to the great demand from the United
States, as the demand for the construction of lail-
roads on the continent of Europe. If there shall
be a geneiul weir in Europe, which seems now to
be very probable, it may be that it will produce a
cessation of the construction of tile numerous rail-
roads projected on that continent; and that the
railroad manufacturers in England, instead of rais-
ing their prices, will find themselves urder the
necessity of selling their iron at rates very much
reduced below those which have obtained during
the last two years. How that may be I am not
able to state, or to make any inference which would
be worthy of consideration.
But, sir, there is not yet a general war in Eu-
rope, and there is a possibility that there may be
no war in Europe. If the continent generally re-
mains in a state of peace, those works of internal
improvement which are now being constructed
there, and to which I have referred, will probably
continue to progress as they have done within the
last four or five years; and if that be so, the de-
mand from thecontinent for English railroad iron
will continue; and if it should continue m this
country, even to an extent diminished by twenty
or thirty per cent, from what it has been within
the hist two or three years, it would still be an
enormous demand. Under these circumstances,
the fair inference may be made that as soon as
our own manufacturers should be obliged to stop
their works, and abandon the idea of continuing
them at any profit, the English manufacturers
would immediately take advantage of it, and add
twenty or thirty per cent, to the pi-ice of their rails.
This is a consideration which demands serious
attention. I have conversed with other gentle- |
men upon this subject, not manufacturers of:\
iron, hut with persons who seem to have taken |i
an interest in the subject, and I am inclined very i;
much to adopt the opinion of the gentlemen with ll
! whom X have conferred, and who say that the
I better policy would be to reduce the duty, instead
! of repealing it. The proposition now presented
by the Senator from Illinois amounts, in tact, to a
suspension for six years.
, Mr. DOUGLAS. Fonryears.
Mr. BELL. I understand it to be that no du-
ties shall be charged upon any iron imported since
the 1st of July, 1852, and prior to the 1st of July,
1857 
Mr. DOUGLAS. From 1853 to 1857.
Mr. BELL. To July, 1857; and that no duty
shall be chargeable upon any railruad iron im-
ported in that year (t857) to be used within two
years thereafter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The duty is to be suspended
on iron imported between the 1st of July, 1853,
and the 1st of July, 1857—four years.
Mr. BELL. 1 understand that; but the hon-
orable Senator, I think, did not quite understand
my proposition. I contend that this amounts,
practically, to a suspension for six years; and 1 will
state the reason. If the duty be suspended for
four years, then, towards the expiration of that
time, in anticipation of a renewal of the duty on
the 1st of July, 1857, capitalists, whether con-
nected with railroads or not, would consider it to
be a profitable speculation to make very large im-
portations in anticipation of the demand for rail-
road iron within the next two yeais. There is no
question of that. So that, in point of fact, this
would amount to a suspension for six years.
But, sir, i was speaking of the sentiments of
gentlemen who have looked largely into the sub-
ject, and who have considered well of a proper
basis of a financial system in this country, m re-
gard to this article. I do not refer to gentlemen
who have heretofore been considered protection-
ists, but to the advocates of free trade; and those
to whom I refer are of opinion that it would be
more beneficial to the railroad interests, and bring
a more certain relief to the companies engaged at
present in the construction of railroads, and who
have not yet bought their iron, to reduce the duty,
say totwenty per cent.,ratherthan to repeal italto-
gether. Whether their opinions will be confirmed
by the judgment of those who are immediately
interested in the manufacture of railroad iron, 1
do not know directly; but from the information
which 1 have received from gentlemen with whom
1 have conversed on this subject, I am led to be-
lieve that the manufacturers of railroad iron in the
United States, who are now making it at the rate
of eighty thousand tons per annum, could get on
with a duty of twenty per cent. 1 believe some of
them have so said; but if the duty were totally re-
pealed, they would be compelled to abandon the
business altogether. If that be a true view of the
case, the question is whether tlie railroad compa-
nies will at last be substantially benefited by a
total repeal, or even a suspension of the duty for
so long a time. 1 do not go into the question as
to how far a total repeal will benefit those capital-
ists who have undertaken to construct railroad." as
a matter of speculation and profit only; but 1 refer
to all those interests in railroads, whether now
being constructed or only proposed to be con-
structed, by the farmers, planters, and others,
upon the routes of the roads which are prejected;
small subscribers who are not to be consuleied in
any light as capitalists; and the question is, j
whether their interests, too, would not be more
substantially benefited by a material reduction of
the duty than by its total repeal.
I have already announced that I am ready,
cheerfully, to do something for the relief of those
interested in roads that are in course of construc-
tion and not completed, and which have been em-
barrassed by the increased prices of labor as well
as of iron within the last few years; but I think
we ought to consider maturely what is the best
way in which we can relieve them. If we repeal
the duty, the question to be inquired into by the j
Senate and by Congress is, whether we would
thereby bring any substantial relief to these inter-
ests, and whether they might not be subjected to j
higher prices by the monopolizing policy of the !
English manufacturers. The occurrence of a gen- !
eral war in Europe may change the [Basoning1'
upon this part of the subject; for if there were a j
general war in Europe, the demand on that eonti- i
nent for railroad iron would no doubt be dimin- i
ished; and if this country should continue m peace [
with Great Britain, railroad iron might fall ma-i;
terially m price. But, sir, if there shall be no
war in Europe, with the high price of labor m this
country at this time, and in England too—be-
cause there has been a great appreciation of labor
there as well as here—we are to consider whether,
by repealing the duty and annihilating our own
manufactures, we should not run the risk of having
to pay the existing duty, should it be repealed, by
an addition to the price of English rails.
I believe the price of railroad iron in England is
now about <£8 or =£8 10s. per ton. Would not the
result of a repeal of duty be to raise it to X9 or
=£10. The increase might not be immediate; but
as soon as the English manufacturers shall per-
ceive that all engaged in the United Slates in
making railroad iron had abandoned the business,
would notarise in their prices certainly follow?
It is not probable that a rise would take place im-
mediately; for British manufacturers study their
interests so closely that they never pursue an
impolitic course. The rise in price would not im-
mediately follow; but they would wait until the
manufacturers of laihoad iron in this country
were prostrated, and then we would probably find
that the railroad interest in this country had
gained nothing.
1 am ready to concur in some measure which
will give substantial relief to this interest; but if
we cannot get a reduction of duty to twenty per
cent. I think, according to the reasoning of the
memorialist from Tennessee, to whom 1 have al-
luded, it would be better to suspend the collection,
say for three years after the roads shall have been
put in operation from one terminus to the other.
If that cannot be done, and it be the sentiment of
the Senate that we had better suspend ihe duty
for five or six years, I should be constrained by
the interests which 1 represent to go with the gen-
tleman from Illinois on this subject.
! have thrown out these suggestions for the pur-
pose of showing that this" is a subject which
requires mature consideration, in every aspect of
the question, and that we cannot safely decide it
upon such considerations as may be given it in
one or two mornings.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Reference has been so often
made to the state of things in Europe as a reason
why this proposition should not prevail, that I
must briefly notice the suggestion made by the
Senator from New York and the Senator from
Maryland upon that point. They have referred
to the fact that, in consequence of the probable
existence of a state of war over the continent of
Europe, our American stocks have fallen in the
European market; and they seem to infer in some
way, I hardly know on what ground, that this is
a reason why this step should not be taken. Sir,
it strikes me that, as far as it is proper for that
consideration to have any effect on this b II, n is
a very decided argument m its favor; for it is well
known that the railroad iron which we import for
the purpose of carrying on our railroad system is
usually paid for by the sale of American stocks
in the European market; and if a state of things
has taken place since those railroads were com-
menced by which our stocks have been depreciated
in the market, at the same time that the cost of jail-
road iron has been nearly doubled in price, it would
seem to be a reason why the duty should be re-
moved, in order that the stocks may not be further
depressed, and the expense of finishing the roads
may not be still further enhanced.
Then, sir, an argument has been suggested by
the Senator from California, and perhaps by oth-
ers, that there is something unfair in allowing rail-
road iion to come in free for the making of roads
which are now in progress, inasmuch as those
just completed have paid duty on their iron. I
wish to call the attention of that Senator and of
the Senate to the fact, that at the time the roads to
which he refers were made, the price of railroad
iron ranged perhaps from forty to fifty dollars a
tori, instead of being, as it is now, from seventy to
seventy-fivedollais. If my amendment be adopted,
and the bill, thus amended, be passed, the railroad
iron for the completion of the roads now under
construction will come in free of duty, but still the
iron will cost them more than it costs those who
have completed their road, even when they p«jd
the duty. When, therefore, we come to look at
the existing state of facts, we find that this argu-
ment vanishes upon a closer examination of the
case.
I do not see that there is the slightest proba-
