1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
bjhty that the price of railroad iron will be much
reduced in the market during the time that this
suspension of daty is to operate. It is now up to
the highest point. It is up to a point so high that
the remission of the duties cannot, in any way,
prejudice the interests of the manufacturers of that
article It is up to that point which, by any rules
of protection, for which some contend, the duty
stil! would not be necessary in order to enable our
manufacturing establishments to continue success-
fully in their operations. I see no reason for be-
lieving that the price is to diminish within the
next three years; and you must bear in mind that
my proposition is only for three years, from the
firstof July next. If the European war goes on,
there is no'reason to believe that the price will be
reduced. If the war does not go on, there is no
reason to believe that it will, because the present
price arose out of facts in existence before the
probabilities of war arose.
But, sir, the Senator from Maryland has asked
why I fixed the first of July last as the day for
the commencement of this system. It was simply
for the reason that it was necessary to fix some
time. If' I had fixed the first of January last, he
might have asked with the same propriety why
that day was named, or why any one day more
than another. It was necessary to fix some day;
and I went back to the first of July last, because
that was about the period at which the price of
railroad iron got up nearly to its maximum.
Mr. PRATT. My inquiry was why the hon-
orable Senator should desire to give any retro-
active effect to the measure at all? Our ordinary
legislation is to go into effect from the time the
law passes. My difficulty was, not that last July
should have been fixed, but why the provision
should be retrospective at all?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator
upon that point. It was necessary to fix some
period, according to my idea, and I fixed July
last because that was the time when the price of
railroad iron was approaching to about its max-
imum; and it has continued at a very high price
since then. I know the increase commenced
prior to that period.
I thought it necessary to go back somewhat
for another reason: a large amount of iron has
been approaching our shores, and is ready to be
laid down; and a great deal of it is now in bond,
but has not been laid down. I think it proper to
extend the provision so as to apply to this, as
welt as to that which may arrive within the next
few days. This iron has been bought under these
increased prices; and coming in under the increased
prices, 1 think it right to extend the operation of
the provision back so as to cover it.
My object is to enable the railroads now in pro-
cess of construction, or which have been com-
menced,to be completed. If a pecuniary revulsion
is to come, as gentlemen predict, is it not wise that
we should secure the completion of these roads, if
possible, so that they shall not be a total loss? It
will relieve us very much against the severity of
such a crisis if these roads can be put in such a
position that their stock will be available, and
some assurance given that it will not be a total
loss. The apprehension of a pecuniary crisis is,
therefore, a very strong argument in favor of the
passage of this measure, if there is no insuperable
objection to it on other grounds.
Mr. BADGER. It has been asked, sir, what
difference would be made as to the North Carolina
railroad, if the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois should be adopted,
and the bill be passed, as it should be passed, now,
0r£ month hence? I answer, none in the world;
but then we have another alternative. Suppose
that is not passed, and the proposition offered by
that Senator does not meet the approbation of the
Senate; it becomes, then, a matter of supreme im-
portance, if it is to be of any value to the State
which I represent, that the bill as reported from
the Committee on Finance shall be passed at once.
We have an immense amountof iron now m bond.
It ou^ht to be laid down. The company expect,
in the course of a fortnight or three weeks, four
thousand tons more. What are they to do. Le
the iron remain in bond and suspend operations
upon the road, waiting for the prospect of passing
this bill? One great end of the substitute m the
shape reported from the Committee on Finance
was, by giving to that company and all others
which should be in the like situation, an opportu-
nity of obtaining the credit to enable them to pro-
ceed at once to lay down the iron without paying
the duty. It is obvious that if the bill is to remain
m that shape, time, so far as the matter of relief is i
concerned, is the very essence of the measure.
Now, sir, a few words with regard to the time
of postponement; for I intend to confine myself to
the question before the Senate, and not to discuss
the general merits of the bill. The motion now
pending before the Senate, if 1 understand it, is
the motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. No, sir; the question is, I be-
lieve, on my motion to postpone until Monday
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr.. BADGER. The President says the ques-
tion is on postponing the bill until to-morrow. I«
have already said that I have no objection tq that
postponement, because I think it is right. I think
it is due to one of the honorable Senators from
Pennsylvania, who is expected to be here to-day,
and who expected to be here so as to have been
in his place to-day, that he shall have an oppor-
tunity of being present at the discussion of this
bill. I am opposed to the further postponement
which the Senator from Maryland proposes, to
Monday week, and I am opposed to it particu-
larly and specially on account of the illustration
which the Senator from California gave of the
necessity of postponement. I do not think we
ought always to postpone measures, because par-
ticular Senators may happen to be absent when
they are under consideration.
The Senator from Maryland also mentioned
that his colleague [Mr. Pearce] was absent, and
that his State was greatly interested in this matter.
Sir, 1 parted from his colleague yesterday; we
occupy lodgings in the same house; and I heard
no intimation from him, certainly he expressed
none to me, that he desired that there should be
a postponement of the proposition which 1 an-
nounced that I intended to submit, to take up this
bill. He suggested nothing of the kind; and I
presumed, in fact, that my absent friend from
Maryland was rather too reasonable to think that
it would be fair and right that this measure should
be postponed because he was going away, when
he knew that I had asked that it should be taken
up, because I was going away myself. I have no
objection to a postponement until to-morrow,
when, I hope, one of the Senators from Pennsyl-
vania will be here, and have an opportunity of
being heard, though Ido object to a postponement
until Monday week.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President.it is known,!
believe, by the Senate, that one Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] has been detained by
severe illness, m the city of Philadelphia, but he
contemplates being here to-morrow. 1 understand
that the other Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodhead] is also severely indisposed at Harris-
burg, in his own State, but I hope he will be in
his seatbytheday indicated by me. My colleague
[Mr. Pearcf.] did not intimate to me his feelings j
in regard to this bill, and I only assumed on be- '
half of the State which he and I represent, that he ,
would desire to be here during the discussion of a
measure of so much importance to thegreat inter- j
ests of that State. We have manufactories m our
State for rolling this description of iron. We
know that they will be broken up, and ail the
capital invested in them—some half a million of
dollars perhaps—lost by the passage of the bill.
1, therefore, knowing the regard which my col-
league has for all the interests of his constituents,
assumed that he would be desirous of being pres-
ent when a measure so destructive of that interest
was about to be passed.
Mr. SEWARD. You have one company m
your State, 1 believe, having a capital of$l ,000,000.
Mr PRATT. There are many millions in-
vested in the iron business in my State, but I
spoke of a particular interest, that of making rail-
road iron. There is one company alone which,
the Senator from New York says, has a capital
of SI,000,000 invested in this interest; and that
will be entirely destroyed by the passage of tins
bill. Now, is it right that, for the purpose of pro-
tecting the capitalists engaged in making these
roads, who have entered on their construction for
their individual interest and not for the public
„00(j for I assume that capital seeks investment,
not for public, but for individual advantage—is it
right, I ask, that for this purpose, the millions of
dollars invested for the purpose of making the iron
to supply the roads should be stricken down by
the vote of the Senate, and that, too, without prep-
aration, and without the greatest interests of the
country being represented here?
But I rose only for the purpose of saying that I
think the Senator from North Carolina is wrong
in supposing that the question is to be first taken
upon the motion to postpone until to-morrow. I
have moved, as a substitute, that the subject be
postponed until Monday week. I believe, accord-
ing to all parliamentary rule, the question is first
taken upon the longest time. It is upon my mo-
tion to postpone until Monday week that the Senate
have ordered the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has examined
the rule. The motion first made is first to be put
to the Senate. The motion made by the Senator
from Michigan was to postpone until to-morrow.
The motion made by the Senator from Maryland
was to postpone to Monday week. Both motions
being to postponeto a day certain, themotion first
made is first to be put to the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to say a word in cor-
rection. I did not assume at all that my honorable
friend from Maryland, who is absent, [Mr.
Pearce,] was otherwise than deeply interested
in attending to everything that belongs to the peo-
ple of the honorable Slate which he represents on
this floor. No doubt, sir, he feels the same deep
interest that the Senator from Maryland, who is
present, [Mr. Pratt,] does, in whatever is enti-
tled to his special attention and care. But what
I meant to say was^thatldid not understand from
that Senator, knowing the situation in which I
was placed, that he would desire me to forego the
application to the Senate, of which 1 had before
given notice, to take up this bill. Having said
that, sir, in justice to an absent friend of whom I
know that there is no interest under Heaven,
which it is his duty to protect, which he is not
prepared to protect by every means in his power,
I wish to say a Word as to the discrimination
which the Senator from Maryland has drawn
between the persons who are engaged in making
railroads and the manufacturers of railroad iron.
He says these railroad companies are engaged in
prosecuting their enterprises for their own bene-
fit, ar.d not for the publicgood; and is it not enor-
mous, he asks, that an advantage shall be given to
them at the expense of the manufacturers of rail-
road iron ? Now, I wish to know if the manu-
facturers of railroad iron are not also engaged in
prosecuting their business for their own pecuniary
benefit, and not for the public good? Am I to
understand from the Senator from Maryland that
the iron manufacturers in Maryland prosecute
their business fot the public good, and not for
their private interest?
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator permit me to
answer him ?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr.PRATT. I will answerboththequestions
of the Senator. I did not intimate, and no other
member of the Senate, except the honorable Sena-
tor, understood me to intimate, that my colleague
was less desirous of protecting the interests of his
constituents than myself. Certainly no other Sen-
ator than the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina so understood me. The Senator said, and 1
agree with him, that he would not have been so
unreasonable as to ask of the Senator his consent
to the postponement of the bill. As I understood
the Senator in his original speech, he said he
had parted with my colleague last night; they
boarded at the same house; and he had not indi-
cated any wish upon the subject of this bill.
That is all very true, I have no doubt. J stated,
further, that he had indicated no wish to me upon
the subject; but I thought I knew what his feel-
ings and wishes would be, by supposing that I
knew what were the interests and feelings of his
, constituents. I therefore do not choose to be put
II in the position of making an allegation here against
! the desire of my colleagiy to represent correctly
!' the interests of his constituents. ^
Now, in regard to the other point. The sophis-
try of the argument of the honorable Senator will
be perceived by every one who looks at it for a
single moment. What did I say? Thatthecap-
italists engaged in making railroads had engaged
in them for their self-interest. The Senator con-
cedes it; but he says that my constituents who
