1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
alized. That would be the certain effect of the
amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let me say to the Senator
from Michigan, that is the very object I had in
view. When men have resided so long within the
limits of the United States, and not declared their
intention to become citizens, I do not wish them
to enjoy the benefits of this act.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I confess my utter
inability to perceive either the logic, the equity,
or the justice with which some Senators seem to
urge here, so often, that a man should not hold
any of our land unless he is a citizen of the United
States. Why may not a man enter into society,
cultivate land, raise produce on it, add to the
wealth of the State and the nation, simply because
he is not a citizen of the United States? Sir, his
not becoming a citizen is against him, not against
us. If he does not choose to avail himself of his
rights, and become a citizen of the United States,
under the law, he suffers, not the public. He
does not enjoy certain rights and privileges which
belong to others. That is his loss.
I repeat, sir, I am utterly unable to discover
why a bushel of wheat or of potatoes is not as
valuable when raised by one who is not a citizen
as when raised by one who is,«nd why the taxes
paid to support State, county, and township ex-
penses, to keep up public schools and everything
else of value to the community, are not just as
well paid by a man who is not a citizen as by one
who is. It seems to me that the whole object of
the bill is misunderstood. Its object is to get the
land cultivated. That is the feeling which I have
us the representative of a new State. The very
worst thing that can happen is for the United
States to hold the land. Then, neither is it culti-
vated, nor does it pay taxes. The next worst
thing is for it to fall, in large quantities, into the
hands of speculators. That is not as bad as the
first, because then we get the taxes, though we do
notget the cultivation.
I ask again, why should the United States, as
a landholder, refuse to let an individual cultivate
the public lands because he is not a citizen ? It is
a policy that has sprung up within a very short
time. It is a policy that has never had any ex-
istence in this country by law. It is a policy that
has never been tolerated by sound thinking" men
till we come to talk about a homestead bill. It
therefore follows from the argument—and this is
the logic—that a man may hold land at $1 25 per
acre without being a citizen, and there is no ob-
jection to that; but, at twenty-five cents an acre,
it is indispensable that he shall be a citizen. That
is the substance of the logic.
Mr. CLAY. But this is a bill to give land for
nothing—free farms.
Mr. STUART. The Senator knows as well
as anybody that it is the intention of the friends
of the bill to put a price on the land. I avowed
that before. I stated that I intended, if no other
Senator moved such an amendment, to offer one
myself to put a price upon the land. The friends
of the bill here do not intend, as I understand, to
have it passed through the Senate without having
some price fixed on the land. So that, I say the
logic results in this, that in order to purchase at
twenty-five cents an acre, a man must be a citizen,
or he is not entitled to cultivate; he cannot become
a worthy agriculturist; but add a dollar to the
price, and it is of no consequence whether he is a
citizen or not! 1 confess I cannot understand
Buch logic.
But I comeback to the objection to this proposi-
tion; and it is, that you cut off men by this amend-
ment without any discrimination as to worth.
You do not test a man by the principles by which
morality tests him; but the amendment simply
says that a class, those who do not file their decla-
ration of intention within sixty days from the
passage of the act, shall be excluded. Sir,'I have
ever been opposed to that species of legislation.
I conceive that it will do infinite injustice to a very
large portion of the people of the United States,
and those as valuable as any other people in the
United States; and I cannot see any solid founda-
tion for it.
Mr. CLAY. I would ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he thinks those people of the
United States, of whom he speaks, who have been
residing here, as he says, for twenty or thirty
years, and never applied for naturalization, are as
meritorious and worthy as citizens ?
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt about it at
all. As I said here once before, a man is no better
to-day because he is a citizen, ;han he was yes-
erday when he was not a citizen. There is noth-
ing in the fact of being a citizen that qualifies him
at all, or adds to his worth as a man.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, 1 confess I have that
doubt. I think that if a man, after having been
here twenty or thirty years, and never having
made, during that period, application to become a
citizen, should, for the sake of a free farm, make
this application, he would show himself unworthy
of the bounty of the Government, and unworthy
of being a citizen. He would show that he loved
this Government, or his residence here, and the
right of citizenship, for the same reason that the
ass loves his master's crib, merely for the grain
it would furnish him; and I would have such a
man excluded fiom the benefits of this act. But
the Senator asks me moreover, why it is that I will
not propose to amend the bill, by providing that
the foreigner shall swear that he was a resident at
the time of the passage of the bill? Simply for the
reason, that it is tempting him to commit the crime
of perjury, and to add that to the crime of fraud,
which he may now perpetrate with impunity un-
der the bill, as it stands. In order to guard against
the commission of the crimes of perjury and fraud,
I wish to provide by this amendment that he shall
show, at the time he makes the application, that
he has filed a. declaration of his intention to be-
come a naturalized citizen.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, there seems
to exist among some gentlemen on the pther side
of the Chamber, a fixed impression that a man
who is not a citizen of the United States is, to all
intents and purposes, upon a par with the citizen;
that, in truth, there ought to be no distinction
between them; and that such a distinction cannot
be made in justice. Now, I ask the attention of the
honorableSenatorfrom Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
who has just addressed the Senate, to this subject
for a moment; and also the attention of his col-
league, [Mr. Cass,] who, if I understood him,
the other day, contended that a man who was not
a citizen of the United States was liable to be pun-
ished in this country for treason. Sir, it has been
settled by the circuit court of the United States,
that until a man is naturalized as a citizen, he'is
not liable to indictment for treason against this
Government; he is not under the obligations that
a citizen is under to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; and he is not entitled to the pro-
tection that the citizen of the United States is.
Well, sir, under these circumstances, will any
man tell me that one who is not a citizen of the
United States holds the same position in reference
to this Government that a citizen does ? The case
to which I have alluded, the honorablegentleman
will find reported in 2d Dallas, the case of Alati.
In England, where the doctrine of treason has
been extended by construction, and by every other
means as far as possible, it has been decided that
one who does not owe allegiance to the Govern-
ment is still liable in the country, under certain
circumstances, to an indictment for treason; but
in this country it is not so, and has never been
held to be so. The very act which prescribes the
punishmentof treason, declares it to be an essential
requisite—and gentlemen will acknowledge it to be
an essential requisite—to an indictment for treason,
that it should aver that the party indicted owed
allegiance to this Government. Some gentlemen,
I understand, have looked into the indictment in
the case of Aaron Burr, which was drawn up with
great care; and they find that that indictment ex-
pressly stated the fact that the party indicted owed
allegiance to the United States. Sir, this consti-
tutes the great distinction between the man who
is not, and the man who is a citizen—the one re-
sisting the Government in the mode pointed out
by the Constitution is a traitor, and liable to be
punished with death; the other is placed m no such
circumstances.
But, sir, the honorable Senator seems to think
that, in point of merit, there is no difference be-
tween the citizen and the man who is not a citi-
zen. It is certainly very hard if we live under a
government which, while it holds us responsible
to its laws, and bound even to the extent of the
forfeiture of our lives, adopts that principle, and
treats us as occupying no better and no higher
footing than the foreigner who has just landed on
1 our shores. There seems to me to be the error.
the radical error, which has been committed' by
gentlemen on the other side. I do acknowledge «
distinction between the American citizen and the
man who is not an American citizen. I am proud
of the character of an American citizen. 1 wish
all my countrymen to be proud of that character.
I feel that by this mode of cheapening that char-
acter you degrade it, and by degrading- it you
inflict an injury upon the whole country which is.-
will be difficult ever to repair. I trust the Senti-
ment to which I have referred will not prevail t
and I trust the action of the Senate, throughout
the whole progress of the bill, will not be founded
upon any such sentiment.
Mr. BADGER. -As it is now late, and I am
afraid we cannot get a final vote on this bill to-'
day, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 33, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,Ben-
jamin, Brodtiead, Jlutler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dixon,
Evans, Fesse'nrten, Fish, Filzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gil-
lette, ffamtin, Hunter, Johnson, Malfory, Mason, Norris,
Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, and Williams—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Cass, Chase, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodfje of Iowa, Douglas, Houston, James,
Jnnfs of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Rusk, Stuart,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Welier—18. '
So the motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 15, 1854.
The Housemetaf eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Heney Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
•mumcation from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a copy of a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, dated 13th instant, sub-
mitting estimates of the amount required'to carry
into effect treaties recently negotiated in Wash-
ington with the Sacs and Foxes, of Missouri;
the Delawares, Iowas and Kickapoos, and re-
questing that the appropriation asked for be made.
Referred to the Committee of Ways andMeans,
and ordered to be printed.
MISLAID BILL.
Mr. ASHE. Some time since a Senate bill for
the relief of William Sanger was received in this
House and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I was instructed by that committee to
make a report favorable to the passage of the bill;
but the bill while in my possession has been lost
or mislaid. I now move that a message be sent
to the Senate, requesting that body to furnish the
House with a certified copy of it.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table a petition which I offered at an
early part of the session, praying Congress to
clothe the authorities of this city with full powers
over the traffic in intoxicating drinks, and to have
it referred to the Judiciary Committee.
It was so ordered.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
Mr. WENTWORTH,ofMassachusetts. There
are on the Speaker's table some four or five bills
creating ports of delivery in various parts of the
West and Southwest, which ought to be acted
upon. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to have them taken from the table, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
There being no objection, the following bills >
were taken from the Speaker's table, severally
read a first and second time by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
S. No. 413. An act constituting Madison, in the
State of Indiana, a port of delivery;
S. No. 418. An act creating a collection district
in Texas and New Mexico; _ .
S. No. 403. An act creatinga collection district
in the State of California;
S. No. 219. An act to constitute Cair«, in the
State of Illinois, a port of delivery; and
S. No. 425. An act to constitute Tuscumbia, ra
the State of Alabama, a port of delivery.
Mr. HOUSTON. That last bill relates to my
I district, and unless some gentleman objects,
