1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. That
committee has had the bill under consideration,
and has reported it with one or two amendments,
one of which was suggested by that Senator. 1
hope the bill will be taken up.
Mr. WADE. I wish my colleague would con-
sent to let that bill lie over for a few days. I am in
favor of the bill myself, but I have received sev-
eral communications from the central part of Ohio,
informing me that the people of certain portions
of the State are not satisfied that it ought to be di-
vided, and they wish to come here and make their
opposition known.- They, in fact, desire that J
should cause the bill to be delayed until the be-
ginning of February; when they expect to be
here, and show reasons why the bill should not be
passed. 1 hardly think they can show that. I
am in favor of the bill; but J am willing to give
them an opportunity to make their opposition
known. For that reason, I would prefer that the
bili should lie over until they can appear and state
their own views upon it.
Mr. CHASE. I think I can satisfy my col-
league that this bill should be taken up and passed
now.
I have in my hand, and should have presented
to the Senate, but for the report of the committee,
a memorial signed by fifty members of the Legis-
lature, of all parties, from all parts of the State,
urging the prompt consideration of the bill. If it
is not considered at an eaily period of the session,
it can hardly receive the act'on of the House of
Representatives. It has been defeated once before
by delay. There are, undoubtedly, gentlemen in
the interior of the State who will object to the
passage of this bili, inasmuch as the couit is now
located at Columbus. Its passage would interfere
with the comfort of a few, while it would mate-
rially advance the interest of nearly all the suitors,
and the convenience of nearly the whole bar. Un-
der these circumstances I feel justified in asking
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
bill at this time. It is in accordance with the
wishes of the members of the Legislature, and m
accordance with the wishes of a great majority of j
the people of the State. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair). The Chair will apprise the Senator
from Ohio that the amendments have been sent to
the printer, who has not yet returned them. ,
Mr. CLXASE. The bill was printed when it ^
was introduced. ;
The PRftSl DING OFFICER. Buttheamend- ,!
ments are not here to be acted upon. ,i
Mr. BADGER. Let it g0 over for the pres- ■
ent. r .„ !
Mr. CHASE. Such being the case, I will |
withdraw my request for the consideration of the ■,
bill. I
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. ij
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Oidcred That the potition o! Mary Perry be wilhdrawn
from ille file* o! the Senate, and letened to ihe Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Oidernd. That llic memoiidl and papers in the ea«e of
Theodore E Elliott bp withdrawn from the files of the ben-
ate, and refericd to the Committee on Indian Allans.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
OfSord, That the niemoiial of E. A. William^ and W • |
P. Iii<jnn be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
refcrn d to the Committee on Naval Alfdtr-s.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordoed, That the petition and paper? in the im- c of the
widow < i n d iluldienot John RaMer be withdrawn nom the
fi]p« of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on 1 en-
feions. !
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accnmpaviyimr papers in
the case of William Gunton anil othi'i - lie witlulrann fmui
the tile, nt the Senate, ami referred to the Committee on tlie
Di^tiict of Columbia.
On motion l.y Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Old' 11-:!, That the petition and paper- 111 the oa=e of 11a-
vid P Well5 be withdrawn from the files oF the  -enatc,
and reteuedto the Committee on Militaiy All airs.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration*
Retired, That one hundred copies of tlip census volume
of 1M0. out of the extra number of copies printed lor U -
u-e of iiip Senate, he delivered to the Supenntondent ot
the Census for distribution from his officc, andtui pieserva
Uon in it.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. !
The bill from the House of Representatives to
amend an act entitled "An act to divide the State
of Arkansas into two judicial districts,5' approved
March 3, 1851, was read a fust and second time i
by its title.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, if there be no
objection.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This bill should properly
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It relates entirely to amendments of the Indian
intercourse law. I move that it be referred to the ,
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to. :
The bill from the House of Representatives,
to secure the rights of citizenship to the children '
of citizens of the United States, born out of the
limits theieof, was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the i
Judiciary. J
SALINE LANDS IN WISCONSIN. j
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on Public ;
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of the j
commissioner appointed by theStateof Wisconsin ;
to locate and select saline lands in the State, pray- ■
ing that the land may be granted to the State for i
the benefit of the University, has directed me to |
report a bill relinquishing to the State of Wiscon- j
sm lands reserved for salt springs therein. !
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a '
second reading. 1
Mr. WALKER. That bill, it will be recol- ;
lected by the Senate, proposes to grant no land
whatever to the State of Wisconsin; but briefly 1
what it does provide for is this: To Wisconsin, as
to the other States formed out of the Northwest- j
em Territory, were granted twelve salt springs, .
with six sections of land adjacent to each. That !
land lias been located by the'commissioner author- .
i/.ed to make the location by the Legislature of ,
Wisconsin. The State now comes forward with j
a memorial, which is among the papers, and asks j
Congress to change the purpose for which the ;
land was granted, from that of saline purposes to
that of aiding our State University, it is simply
to change the appropriation of land from the one j
purpose to the other. As there will probably be !
no contest about it, I ask that the bill may be con- j
sidered and passed now. _ i
The bill was read a second time, and considered ;
by the Senate ax in Committee of the Whole; and .
no amendment being proposed, it was reported to !
the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third 1
reading, read a third time, and passed. !
JOHN FAGAN.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to winch was referred the petition of John
Fagah, repot ted a bill for his relief; which was
| read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the permission of the
, Senate, 1 will make a bnef statement m reference j:
to this bill. It has been depending in the other
; branch of Congress for seveial years. Itha been j;
consideied by committees, and has been lavor- j
1 ably reported upon several times, and hence u has :
i been maturely examined. 11 is not a case of much |
; magnitude, for it only involves some two hundred i
i and twenty-two days'services, which are worth ;
i $444. I believe that is the amount. j
i Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir. |
1 Mr. JOHNSON. H is a case which is proved
1 by the records from the War Depaitment. This j
■ is my recollection of it; and as it has been more
lecently examined by the Senator from Missis- ,
,i sippi, he can correct me, if I fall into any error :
1 The claim is for services m the Indian Depart-
ment many years ago by the applicant, who is j
now a very old man, who has hitherto failed to
get it through the other House for—as Senators ,
are aware is frequently the case—want of time. If :
necessary, I will ask that the report of the com-
mittee be read; and I express the hope that the
Senate will put the bill upon its passage.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent, and considered by the Senate as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct that
four hundred and forty-four dollars be paid to
John Pagan for his services m taking charge of a
delegation of Seminole Indians, and removing
them fiom Florida to the country west of the Ar-
1 ' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed,
CAPTAIN LEWIS WARRINGTON.
On motion by Mr. GWiN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill for the relief of M. K. Warrington and C.
St. J. Chubb, executors of Captain Lewis War-
rington and others. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Navy to open an account with the
parties named, the officers and crew of the sloop-
of-war Peacock, their legal representatives and
assigns, on account of one moiety of the proceeds
of the ship Eperyier, her tackle, guns, implements
of war, and specie on board at the time of her
capture m 1814; which moiety was, by mistake,
paid into the Treasury of the United States; and
to satisfy their respective rights therein, according
to the act of April 23, 1800, for the better gov-
ernment of the Navy of the United States, and to
pay the sum which may be found due.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
was read, from which the following facts appeared;
In April, 1814, the Biitish ship Epervier was cap-
tured by the United States ship-of-war Peaeock,
and afterward, in the district court of Georgia^
decreed, with her tackle, guns, and other imple-
ments of war, as a prize to the captors; and-a sale
ordered to be made by the marshal. A large sum
of specie on board was also decreed to be a prize.
The sale was made. The Epervier was a vessel
of equal force with the Peacock, aa appears by
the report of the captors, by the report of the
officer put in charge by Captain-Warrington, by
the negotiations between the Department and Cap-
tain Wanington for the purchase of the prize,
and by the decree of condemnation.
By the act of Apul 25, 1850, it is enacted that
the proceeds of all vessels, and the goods taken
on board of them, of equal force with the captur-
ing vessel, shall he adjudged good prizes. In this
case, however, one moiety was, by mistake, paid
into the Treasury of the United States. It is to
remedy this mistake that the committee recom-
mend the pnssage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MOSES OLMSTEAD.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the bill for the re-
lief of Moses Olmstead was read a second time,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
It pi opuses to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place his name on the invalid pension list,
at a pension of ei^hr dollars a month for life,
1 from January 20, 1853.
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
PIONEER MANUFACTURING COMPANY".
On motion by Mr NORR1S, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to incorporate the Pioneer Mttnu-
fVictutmg Company of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, the pending question being on the
amendment submitted by Mr. Pettit, when the
1 bill was formerly under consideration, to add the
j following:
I   Jlvd pronded, further, That the stockholder*,individ-
1 uallv and cnlleetivcly, shall be re-ponpible tor all the acts
I and obligations? ineuired, tor the corpoiation treated
| by this act."
j Mr. PETTIT. In offering that amendment, I
did not design to occupy the time of the Senate
' in the discussion of the principle involved m it. It
! is one so well understood, and has been so much
discussed in all the legislative bodies of the coun-
I try, as well as before the public otherwise, that X
! think no new light can be thrown upon the prin-
cinle proposed by me to be ingrafted upon the
' bill. Heretofore, I understand that tins manu-
i factoring has been carried on by an individual,
whose name I do not now remember, who has
been liable for all his engagements and contracts
1 in reference to this manufacturing business. He
i; niav have had one or two partners with him. He
' now proposes, as I understand, to extend the
■ number of his partners, and obtain an act of in-
' corporation. The only object of acorporntion can
: be that a great number of men associated may
assume a given or fictitious or legislative name to
1 avoid difficulty in makiu?and executing; contracts,
• i to avoid difficulties in fcuits and litigations.
