1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BENTON". Yes, sir. He is the command-
ing officer. He is responsible for the post. He is
responsible for the protection of the post agaiust
public enemies, and for the preservation of the lives
of the men. He is to see that provisions are.fur-
nished, and he is the judge of what the necessities
require him 10 do. He cannot send to the Gov-
ernment here to ask whether he will d-o this or
that thing. Right or wrong, he is the judge, and
there is no appeal from his judgment. The thing
has to be done at once.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As to the power of the com-
mander to judge in regard to the lives of the men
under him, i fully concur in what the gentleman
has said; but what I wish to impress on the com-
mittee and the gentleman, with all deference to
his greater experience, is, that the officer had no
power to change this contract in any respect, or
to make us liable to these contractors beyond it.
If he had sent out and bought other provisions, we
should meet his demand; but when he told these
contractors to violate their contract, and they did
so, the demand comes here in a different point of
view. That is the light in which I view the ques-
tion. I have no interest in this thing. •
Mr. BENTON*. Nor I either. X have no in-
terest in it either.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM HANKINS.
House bill (No. 190) " for the relief of William
Hankins."
The bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
pay William Hankins $244 88, to be received in
full discharge of all claim against the United
States growing out of a contract made on 15th
August, 1835, for the delivery ©f wood at Fort
Johnston, in the State of North Carolina.
The report of the committee shows these facts:
On the 15ih of August, 1835, acontract in writing
was made between the petitioner and Lieutenant
J. H. Winder, acting assistant quartermaster,on
the part of the United States, by which the peti-
tioner agreed to deliver and cord in the woodyardj
at Fort Johnston, North Carolina, two hundred
and thirty cords of the first quality oak wood, to
be delivered as follows: fifty cords on or by the
31st December, 1835; fifty cords on or by the 1st
March, 1836; fifty cords on or by the 1st May,
1836; fifty cords on or by the 1st July, 1836; and
thirty cords on or by the 1st August* 1836; for
which the petitioner was to receive $4 89 per cord.
Hankins delivered the first fifty cords of wood,
for which he received his pay. He delivered also
fifty additional cords of wood, for which he has,
as yet, received no pay. Lieutenant Winder
having been relieved from duty at Fort Johnston,
and IVlajor Saunders appointed to succeed him, a
disagreement arose between Major Saunders and
Hankins, in consequence of which no further
deliveries were made. The petitioner claims as
due to him the price of the two hundred and
thirty cords, alleging his readiness to comply with
his contract with the Government, deducting the
fifty cords already paid for; but payment is lim-
ited to the price of the second delivery of fifty
cords, in reference to which there cannot be a
reasonable doubt of his right to demand and re-
ceive payment.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass. There is not a shadow
of doubt that the payment of this claim ought to
be allowed. If any information is desired by the
committee in regard to it, I am ready to give iu
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it pass.
SARAH K. JENKS.
House bill No, 195 " for the relief of Sarah
K. Jenks, and the legal representatives of Harts-
horn R. Thomas, in the matter of the brig Jane."
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$2,503 to Sarah K. Jenks, the widow of Jonathan
Jenks, deceased; and the sum of $2,179, in equal
parts—share and share alike—to the legal repre-
sentatives of Hartshorn R. Thomas, deceased,
namely: the sum of $726 34 to Louis Gr. Thomas;
the like sum of $726 33 to Edward K. Thomas;
and the like sum of $726 33 to Joseph Shermer,
guardian of the children of Samuel W. Thomas,
deceased—amounting in all to the sum of $4,682.
The said payments to be a discharge in full for all
liability of the United States for the loss of the
brig Jane and her cargo, seized and destroyed by
the Spanish authorities at Laguayra in the year
1812.
Mr. MACE. I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That said sum of money, nor any part of it, is
to be paid out of the Treasury of the United Stales, unless
there remains in the Treasury an unexpended balance of
the fund appropriated to pay similar claims uuder the treaty
with Spain of the 2^d February, J819; and if there should
be any of the money not expended as aforesaid, the said
Sarah K Jenks is to be pant first the sum specified as due
her, and the other persons next: Jlnd jtrovided further, That
m the passage of tins act a precedent is not intended to be
established, andjis not established, to pay any.similar claim
or claims, or any part thereof, many mode or manner other
than herein indicated.
If the committee will listen to me for a few
minutes, I will explain the character of the bill
under consideration. When the matter first came
before the Committee of Claims it underwent an
elaborate examination, and a report was made
recommending the passage of the bill which the
Clerk has just read. The claim arose out of a
class of cases connected with the treaty of 1819.
After the committee made the report, they became
satisfied that if they established a precedent which
would go beyond the five million appropriation,
it might in the end prove exceedingly disastrous
to the Treasury of the country. I have therefore
prepared an amendment, which expressly stipu-
lates that no money is to be paid under the bill,
unless there is a balance unappropriated of the
$5,000,000 set apart by the treaty of 1819. 1 have
examined the subject, and 1 believe there is a
balance of about $1,900 remaining unappropriated
under that treaty. I was unwilling, and so was
every member of the committee, to establish a
precedent for letting these claims in upon the
Treasury of the United States.
The bill, sir, is simply this: Out of the sum of
$5,000,000, which was retained for the purpose of
satisfying these claims against the Spanish Gov-
ernment, or out of that portion of it which is un-
appropriated, the sum provided for in this bill is
to be paid. The committee did not intend to lay
down the precedent that any of these unsettled
claims are to be paid out of the common Treasury
of the country. Therefore I think that, under any
view of the case, it is proper to pass this bill.
There is no question of its being a just claim, and
no money passes under it, except out of the unap-
propriated balance of these $5,000,000.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague [Mr. Chand-
ler] is more familiar with the facts of the case
than I am, but I desire merely to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana whether the bill reported by the
Committee of Claims does not appropriate some
$4,000 ? In that event, and if there is but $1,900
remaining in the Treasury applicable to this ac-
count, how can this sum of $4,282 be paid? If
it is a just claim, we ought certainly to pass the
bill without any sueh restrictions. At least this is
the lightin which the matter appears to my mind.
In the first place, if we should adopt this amend-
ment or proviso submitted by the gentleman from
Indiana, it would render the bill null and void to
all intents and purposes; because a bill making an
appropriation of $4,200, subject to the restriction
that it be paid out of a fund of $1,900, is an ab-
surdity.
Mr. MACE. I will explain the matter to my
friend from Pennsylvania very briefly.
Mr. HASTINGS. I think it would be better
to have the report read.
Mr. MACE. Oh, the report is very long.
Mr. FLORENCE. It would take two hours to
read it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hastings] insist on having the
report read.
Mr. HASTINGS. I do; or else that the bill
be laid aside informally. I do not think we ought
to legislate on a subject of this kind without a
thorough understanding of it.
Mr. MACE. I desire to explain fully to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to the commit-
tee, the reason why this report was first made, al-
lowing the whole amount claimed, and the reason
why the committee unanimously came to the con-
clusion to report the amendment which I, as a
member of that committee, have offered. The
claim was first adjudicated on under the treaty to
which I have referred, and by which $5,000,000
were set apart to pay these claims. The com-
mission which adjudicated these matters, allowed
claims to the amount of nearly $10,000,000*, and
the consequence "was, that the claimants had to
have a jrro rata allowance made to them—some
fifty-nine cents on the dollar. There were a vast
number of claims Submitted to this court, of as
much merit, perhaps, as any that were presented
to a similar committee,and acted favorably upon—
this claim among the rest.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would ask the gentleman
from Indiana if the claim was before the Depart-
ment?
Mr. MACE. This claim was submitted
among the rest. The board adjudicated upon it,
and at first allowed it; but subsequently, before
they adjourned, they reconsidered it, and made an
order, in which they say, in only one line, *« this
claim is disallowed," without giving any reason
for that rejection. Now, the reason for the amend-
ment which was referred to by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, is simply this: that if we were
to make a precedent of this case for claims to be
paid out of the common Treasury of the country,
perhaps claims amounting to thirty millions of
dollars, as meritorious as this, would be advanced
and forced upon the consideration of Congress.
THe committee, therefore, came to the conclusion*
that so far as the action of that board was con-
cerned, in regard to all this class of claims, we
would treat the adjudication as an estoppel to all
claims of a similar character. Therefore, in' the
proviso, I have simply said that if any money re-
mains unappropriated out of the $5,000,000, it shall
be paid towards this claim, expressly stating in
the proviso that it is not to be a precedent for the
purpose of paying other claims.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to ask the gentleman
how much money remains in the Treasury out of
the $5,000,000 appropriated under our treaty with
Spain, of February 22, 1819, to pay the claims
against the Government of Spain assumed by the
United States Government?
Mr. MACE. I believe it is about $1,900, all
told. I would say, further, that, as a member of
this House, and as a member of the Committee of
Claims, I would not open the door for a single
moment to let in a claim beyond the amount of the
$5,000,000 appropriated.
I move that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. I like the course of the
argument of the gentleman who advocates the
passage of this bill, so far as«it goes. It gives us
a gleam of justice to those who have a claim upon
that fund. 1 do not see, however, why those
claimants, whoever they may be, should have the
whole of that $1,900, when I have, this whole
season, been charged with the custody of a claim
of nearly $500,000, which was adjudicated by
that very board as just, and should have been paid.
But, because the vouchers were not presented in
season, it was cut off. This claim was also cut
off, and yet these gentlemen are permitted to come
in and ask for their money. If one dollar is due
to them, every dollar is due to them; and wehave
no right to say to them, we will pay you the
$1,900, and'not the half million. We have no
right to say that there is a little sum in one corner
of the Treasury which you may have. If these
parties are entitled to anything, they are entitled
to more than that; and if they are entitled to any-
thing, other parties, with equally as strong claims,
are entitled to have as much as they are.
The gentleman who introduced this case here,
has correct views of the rights of claimants upon
the Treasury, but he is rather indistinct in his
views of what is our duty toward those claimants.
The gentleman knows I speak in no disrespect.
But it is a growing right, an augmented intelli-
gence, a gleam of day from the other side of the
House, which leads us to hope that before long
those who present just claims against the Govern-
ment will not be thrust aside, because their claims
are too large, or because they are too old, when
they have been augmented by our delay, and have
grown old by our refusal of justice. If this claim
is just we ought to pay it, if it is unjust say so.
There is no compromise principle, there is noth-
ing in justice which is to be settled by halves, if
the Government of the United States cannot pay,
let it say so. It has more than once said so. If
it will not pay, let it say so. If it pleases to set
itself up in defiance of these claimants, let it do
so. Let it stand in all the dignity of wrong.
