1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
specified, and to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands.
I trust that every member of the committee will
sustain the motion I have made.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour fixed by the
House having arrived for the consideration of the
bill designated by the gentleman from Alabama,
the bill comes up without a motion.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, by the resolution
of the House, closing debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the homestead bill, debate was also
terminated on the bill to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands. Itwas my anxious de-
sire to express fully the views which 1 entertain
in reference to the all-important question of grad-
uating anjl reducing the price of the public lands;
but I am precluded from doing so under the five-
minute rule. I anticipated having such an oppor-
tunity, but it has not been afforded to me. The
bill is now open to amendment; and I must, under
the circumstances, submit to the rules. 1 shall
proposesuch amendments as will, in myjudgment,
carry out more completely the object contemplated
by the bill. The bill, as originally reported by
me, embraced the homestead policy as well as that
for the graduation and reduction of the price of
the public lands, i shall now move that the pro-
vision for homesteads be entirely stricken out.
When that amendment shall have been disposed
of, I will move two or three others for the purpose
of making the bill conform to what I believe to be
the intention and wishes of the majority of the
House. I do not desire to discuss this measure
now. I can only briefly call the attention of mem-
bers to its great important.
The question of graduating and reducing the
price of tne public land is one which has had the
consideration of Congress, from time to time, so
far back as my recollection goes. If twenty-five
or thirty years ago the necessity for graduating
and reducing the price of the public land «.as ap-
parent to the country, is it not more so now ? Does
not each and every individual feel the force of the
argument that the public domain should be sold
for such price as will encourage settlement and
cultivation ? Inasmuch as we cannot enter into a
general discussion, I trust thatthebill will be fairly
considered. In doing so, I am satisfied members
will arrive at but one conclusion; and that is, the
necessity of reducing the price of lands which have
remained unsold in market for forty or fifty years.
Would it be the policy of an individual who had
held up his real estate for a number of years at
$1 25 per acre, to still refuse to sell at such a price
as the land would command in the market, and
thus lose all interest upon his money?
Mr. SAGE. I move that the committee do now
rise. -
Mr. COBB. What is the object proposed by
the rising; of the committee?
Mr. HAMILTON. Does the gentleman move
to rise that the bill may be reported to the House ?
Mr. SAGE. My motion is a simple one.
When the committee rise, I shall move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. COBB. It is too early for the House to
adjourn yet awhile. I trust, before rising, the
committee will consider and act on the bill now
before it.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make this remark,
and this remark only: T trust that the House >yiil
make such a disposition of the bill as will enable
those who are friendly to it to offer their reasons
at length. It is my purposp to attack the bill; but
before I make that attack, I desire to hear all that
gentlemen have to say in its favor.
Mr. SAGE. I did not know that this matter
would come before the committee to-day, and I
would like to have an opportunity to look into the
provisions of the bill. With that object, I move
that the committee do now rise.
Mr HAMILTON. I desire to-make one in-
quiry of the Chair. Is not the five-minute dis-
cussion now the order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN, Itis. .
Mr. HAMILTON. On the special order?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, on the special or-
^Mr. HAMILTON. We cannot get rid of this
bill in any way. It must be considered until it
is disposed of. If we rise now, and then go back
into the Committee of the Whole on the state ot
the Union, it will still be the order of the day, and
you cannot avoid it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The order of the
House is that it shall be considered from day to
day until disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.1
Mr. DISNEY. As I intend, also, to attack the
bill introduced by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bennett,] proposing a general distribution
of the public lands, and as I desire to say grace
over the whole lot, and not be making separate
speeches in relation to each of these measures, I
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until the same day to which the bill of
the gentleman from New York has been post-
poned.
Mr. COBB That motion is clearly not in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. The committee can make
no such order as that. We are acting under a
special order of the House.
Mr. COBB. I would also remind the gentleman
that that measure is lefore the House; this before
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
* Mr. DISNEY. That makes no difference.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. But the com-
mittee has no power to make any such order as
that proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COBB. None in the world.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so rules. The
Chair is of opinion that the motion is notin order.
Mr. COBB. I was perfectly willing that the
special order should be postponed this morning;
but gentlemen objected to its postponement, and
now we must go on with it.
Mr. HI ESTER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he should move that the
committee do now rise, for the purpose of sub-
mitting his motion to postpone in the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. He cannot
do it in the House even without unanimous con-
sent; and of course there will be objection.
Mr. HIESTER. There will probably be no
objection.
Mr. SAGE. I must insist on my motion for
the committee to rise. Many members in this
part of the Hall, like myself, were not aware
that this question would come up to-day, and
are not prepared to consider it. Besides that, it
is evident there is barely a quorum here. I hope
the committee will rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman sub-
mit that motion ?
Mr. SAGE. 1 do, sir.
Mr. COBB. I hope it will not be agreed to.
We can gain nothing whatever by it.
Mr. HAMILTON. There is no use whatever
in rising. You cannot postpone this special order
except Dy unanimous consent.
Mr. SAGE. I call for tellers on my motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and on a division,
there were—ayes 21, noes 29; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. There being no quorum
present, the roll must be called.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Cannot we
have tellers?
The CHAIRMAN. No; tellers have been
refused.
The roll was then called, and the names of the
absentees noted.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the stale of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No 1, and
having found itself without a quorum, had directed
the names of the absentees to be noted, and the
Chairman to report the same to the House.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum now
present—123 gentlemen having answered to their
names—the Chairman will again resume the chair.
The Chairman resumed the chair.
Mr. COBB. I think I can make a suggestion
to which the committee will agree unanimously.
The committee is very thin, and the bill under
consideration is a very important one, which gen-
tlemen would like to examine more fully. 1 pro-
pose, then, that the committee rise, with the view
that the House may receive such reports from the
standing committees as will not give rise to debate.
I hooe that no gentleman will object to this course
of proceeding, for, by so doing, we will greatly
facilitate business. I move, therefore, that the
committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 1,
being "a bill to grant homesteads and to graduate
and reduce the price of public lands," but had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. COBB. I now move that the committees
be called upon for reports that may give rise to no
debate.
Mr. HAMILTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama to mean that committees
shall be called upon in their regular order?
Mr. COBB. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the bill reported by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to empower the Post-
master General to contract for the transportation
of the United States mail from New Orleans to
San Francisco according to time, upon which the
previous question has been demanded.
Mr. HAMILTON. Tl\pt bill comes up as
business in the morning hour. Is it now in order?
Mr. SPEAKER. It is in order, because the
morning hour had not expired;and is the absence
of any motion to go to any other business, it would
be in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, has the pre-
vious question been demanded on that proposi-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been demanded.
Mr. HAMILTON. As the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr, Churchweu.,] who has charge
of the bill, is notin his seat, I desire in his absence
to make a few remarks m reference to it. In
doing so I will not encroach long upon the time of
the House.
Mr. HAVEN. Would it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, to move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if the
gentleman from Maryland, who has the floor,
choose to make such motion, or if he would yield
the floor for the purpose of permitting it to be
made.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desired to make a few
remarks in relation to this bill. I did not intend to
make a speech or to encroach upon the time of
the House; but as the gentleman from Tennessee
is not here, I should be perfectly satisfied if the
further consideration of the bill were postponed.
Mr. DISNEY- Mr. Speaker, 1 perceive the
embarrassment under which the gentleman* from
Maryland and the House generally labor. In
order to relieve it, therefore, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land has the floor; and the motion cannot be made
unless he yields the floor for that purpose.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion to adjourn, in order
to permit me to make a motion to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table, with a view to
the taking up of the bills there and having them
referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. DISNEY. Certainly; I do so with pleas*
ure. , , . , ,
Mr. HAMILTON. I am satisfied with that.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to go to the business on the Speaker's
table ?
Mr. COBB. I trust the House will £0 on as
at present for half an hour or quarter of an hour
longer, until the time arrives for going to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. How much of the
morning hour still remains, Mr. Speaker'
The SPEAKER. There are five minutes of
the morning hour still unexpired.
Mr. COBB. Well, if that is all, I will not object
to going to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will allow
the committees to make reports. Reports have
been accumulating here upon us for weeks with-
out the committees having had an opportunity to
presentthem; and what is the use now of referring
more bills to committees when they cannot report
those on hand ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
