mM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15j
But let not gentlemen come here into the House
6f Representatives, and say to these claimants:
Here is a little sum left, if it will answer your pur-
pose you can have it when we get ready to give
it to you. Let them not say to the poor soldier;
Here is a little tract of land which you may have
when we get ready to give it to you. Sir, there
are other claims growing out of this treaty, and
you might as well take this $1,900, and divide it
it into nineteen hundred shares, and let every man
t#ke his dollar and go home. There would be as
much justice in such a course as there would be
in that proposed by the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Let us do justice to every claimant, whatever
may be the consequence. Though the Treasury
may quake from its very emptiness, let us do
right. Do not let a great nation, boasting of its
greatness, say to its claimants, you shall not have
■what is nght, but you must take what it is con-
venient for us to give. Sir, the gentleman from
Indiana will do me the justice to believe that I do
not speak disrespectfully of htm. But, sir, I have
a great disregard for the course of argument pur-
sued by him in reference to this claim.
Mr. MACE. What 1 said in reference to this
claim must have been misunderstood by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. I stated that there are
a great many meritorious claims growing out of
the treaty of 1819, which have not been paid, for
"the simple reason that there was no money left of
the appropriation set apart for that purpose out of
which they could be paid. I will state the circum-
stances under which that amount was appropriated.
By the treaty of 1819, between this Government
and Spain, the United States agreed to appropriate
$5,000,000 for the indemnification of American
citizens, for losses from Spanish spoliations. That
is all the agreement which our Government has
made in reference to it. The $5,000,000 were ap-
propriated, and have been expended, with the
exception of the sum of $1,900. This Govern-
ment has, therefore, fulfilled us obligations under
the treaty, and it would be a violation of the whole
policy of the Government, after having complied
with the stipulations of the treaty, tu assume such
other claims for Spanish spoliations as may arise
hereafter.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely rise to state to my
friend from Indiana, that perhaps some members
of this committee may derive a false impression
from the statement he lias made of ihe connection
of this Government with this $5,000,000, which
he says this Government set apart for the pay-
mentof these claims. Now, sir, 1 understand that
the gentleman from Indiana simply means to say
that the Governmentof Spam set apart $5,000,000
for the payment of these claims. The Govern-
ment of the United States never set apart one
cent for any such purpose. It was not bound to
pay one of these claims. Jtstipulated with Spain
to purchase Florida for a certain amount, and
Spam consented that §,5,000,000 of the amount
which this Government agreed to pay, should be
set apart for the payment of the claims of citizens
of the United States held against that Government.
And, therefore, although this money was taken
out of the Treasury of the United States, it was m
fact, appropriated by Spain for the payment of
debts she owed to citizens of the United States.
Mr. MACE. 1 am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Virginia for stating the case much
more clearly than 1 had stated it, and precisely as
1 would have staled it. Fie has elated it so clearly
that 1 think there can be no mistake in refetence
to it. We do not propose to appropriate one dol-
lar for the payment of this claim. We simply
say that if any of the money, which was get apart
for the purpose of paying these claims, is left, it
may be applied to pay this claim.
Mr. H1LLYER. I am satisfied by the expla-
nation which has been given. I understand the
gentleman from Indiana to say that a certain
amount was set apart by virtue of the treaty pur-
chasing Florida, for the payment of indemnity for
Spanish spoliations; that the claims of our citi-
zens have been adjudicated by a commission
created for that purpose; that some $10,000,000
was passed on by that commission; and that this
claim arnon<? the rest, was passed by that com-
mission, but was subsequently, without explana-
tion, iejected. The difficulty in my mind is this:
The original amount set apart for indemnity to
our citizens was $5,000,000, but the commission
allowed , $10,000,000 of claims. 1 do not un-
derstand, therefore, how any portion of this
§5,000,000 can be now m the Treasury; that is,
any portion to which this claim is entitled. If the
amount the gentleman speaks of be in the Treasury
and unclaimed, it must belong to those persons
whose claims have been already adjudicated and
allowed by the commission.
Mr. MACE. It appears from the testimony in
the case, that fifty-nine per cent was paid of the
claims allowed by the commission, payable out
of the $5,000,000, and that there was accidentally
or designedly a balance left. That is the expla-
nation 1 have in regard to this point.
Mr. MAXWELL. Mr. Chairman, I have no
mteiestin this claim, and know very iittle about
it; but 1 am unwilling to have the proviso put
.on it. If it be true that the claim is a just and
meritorious one, and one which the Government
is bound injustice to pay, let it be paid without
fettering it with any proviso. If it be true, also,
that there are other claims held by persons on
whom depredations were committed by the Span-
ish authorities—other claims founded m nght
and justice, and which this Government, in duty •
to its citizens, is bound to pay, will you by this
bill preclude the Government from so doing? I
think it inexpedient and improper. Besides,
what will be the merit or force of that proviso, if
there should come another case before Congress
found to be as ]ust and meritorious as this one?
Will that proviso have any force or effect to
prevent Congress from passing on it just as we
are now passing on this claim? That Congress
will have as much right, not only to determine the
merits of the case presented, but the propriety of
the claim being paid, in case it should be found to
have merit. Therefore 1 think that the proviso is
improperly proposed, and I hope it will not be
attached to the bill.
In reference to what has been said about the
$5,000,000 being exhausted, 1 have but little to
reply. 1 know it to be the fact that there are
drvers claims against the Government, which, if
submitted to thegentlemenofthecommittee, would
be found, 1 think, to be as just, meritorious, and !
deserving of our consideration as this one. Now,
what is the Government to do, if such be found to
be the fact? Will it turn these claims adrift?
Will it tell these claimants that the Government
only promised to pay $5,000,000, and that that
being found insufficient, their just claims shall not
be satisfied? You have cut off all connection be-
tween them and the Spanish Government, so far
as the enforcement of their claims is concerned,
and induced them to look to you for payment;
and when they come here and show a good
claim, that injury and outrage have been com-
mitted on them, that their property has been de-
stroyed, and that for years, and long years, justice
has been denied them,shall they be put back with j
such reasons? Will you turn round upon them !
and say that this amount is exhausted. True, |
you have a just claim; true, it is a claim that should
be paid; true His that the Government of the
United States undeitook to pay all these claims;
but she limited herself to $5,000,000; and some
other citizens who have been more fortunate than
you appeared before the commissioner first, and
have got a prior place for their claims upon the
Calendar, and all the money is exhausted.
Mr. M i LLSON. This is a very simple matter,
if the House will only lake the pains to under-
stand it. The gentleman from Florida [Mr. Max-
wkll] objects to the proviso, and he complains
that the Government of the United States will not
pay all the amounts that may be ascertained to be
due to the various petitioners who preferred de-
mands against the Spanish Government for wrongs
done them some years ago. He says that the
Governmentof the United States appropriated an
amount too small to pay all these claims. Why,
the Spanish Government would have been very
glad to have made no appropriation at all It
was the Governmemt, of the United States who
tried to get fiom the Government of Spam as
large an amount as possible for the payment of
ail these claims; and if seven millions of dollars
could have been set apart, why, our Government
would not have objected to it. On the contrary,
our Government would have been exceedingly
ffbul to have set that amount apart, if ten mil-
lions of dollars could, have been allowed to be
applied to the payment of these claims, it would
have been so much the better, and so much the
more agreeable to the Government of the United
States.
It was not theGovernment of the United States
that .limited this appropriation. It was the Gov-
ernment of Spain that desired to restrict the
amount to be deducted from the sum payable to
her to the lowest amount. The Government of
the United States had prosecuted these claims for
years, but had prosecuted them unsuccessfully,
it was very well known that the Spanish Govern-
ment was not in a condition to pay these claims.
It was poor and bankrupt, and not one cent of
this money would ever have been paid but for
the purchase of Florida, which furnished oc-
casion to the Government of the United States to
deduct from the purchase money the sum of five
millions. The Government of the United States
consented to give for Florida a larger amount than •
she would have otherwise given, merely to .have
the opportunity of deducting from the stipulated
price the sum of $5,000,000 for the payment of
claims due by the Spanish Government to our
citizens.
Mr. CHANDLER. In the first treaty of 1819
—for there were two—our Government tried, in
offering to pay the $5,000,000, to pay as little as
possible, and not as much as possible. 44 It is
naught, saith the buyer; and when he is gone his"
way, he boasteth." They tried to make it as
small as possible, and to pay as little as possible.
Butafter that treaty of 1819, without any augment-
ation of the sum to be paid—$5,000,000—there
was an immense augmentation of lands acquired,
in fee-simple, from the Spanish Government.
Mr. MILLSON. What I mean to say is, that
the Government of the United States would have
, been exceedingly gratified if'Spain had consented
i that the whole consideration of the cession was to
| he paid to our own citizens rather than to a foreign
; treasury.
; Mr. CHANDLER. The Government of the
j United Slates, the gentleman will perceive, in
' doing that, released Spain from paying any more
l^o our people. The people did not authorize that,
I but m the exercise of the eminent domain, and of
i the right of sovereignty, the Government did so.
| Mr. MILLSON. As to this matter of theGov-
j ernment of the United States releasing the Span-
I ish Government from claims due to our citizens
; by that Power, I have no confidence in any such
1 idea as that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Nevertheless it is so.
J Mr. MILLSON. The Governmentof theUni-
| ted States cannot release Spain from debts due to
1 our citizens. The Government of the United
!| States can simply agree not to prosecute these
jj claims. The Government of the United States
j can conclude not to make them the cause of war.
;! The Government of the United States may agree
j I not to trouble a foreign Government about such
!j matters any further by continuing negotiations
'i on the subject. But the Government cannot re-
j| lease a claim due by the Spanish, or any other
Government, to any of our own citizens.
If the. Government should undertake to do so,
the citizen who" has a claim is not bound by that
action of the Government, but has still his claim
against the Government by which it was origin-
ally due. It may be, and I doubt not it is the
fact, that a foreign Government, being relieved
from all apprehension of a war, gives itself, very
little trouble about unadjusted claims; but still the
claim is no less good, as no authority resides in
the Government of the United States to make
such a contract. But however that may be, what
I am,endeavoring to show now is, that the sum
of $5,000,000 was set apart for the stipulated pur-
pose otw being paid to citizens of the United
States having claims against Spain. The Gov-
ernment undertook to adjustthe claims notdueby
itself but by Spain.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Government assumed
them.
Mr. MILLSON. And it agreed to pay these
claims, so far as the money set apart for that pur-
pose would satisfy them. That amount was
$5,000,000. AH that we had to do was to de-
termine upon the several amounts due, and the
individuals to whom they were due.
Now, sir, the Government of the United States
appointed a commission for that purpose—a com-
mission composed of some of the most eminent
citizens of the Union. It consisted of Judge
