188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform the House what arrangements are now
made to obtain buildings for the accommodation of the
several circuit and district courts of the (Jmted States;
what is the amount of rent; what other expenses are an-
nually paid in said districts, and what general provision, in
bio judgment, can be judiciously made to provide buildings
for the immediate convenience of said courts and their offi-
cers; and whether any, and what, difficulties and embar-
rassments occur in the use of the State prisons by the
officers of the United States courts, and what remedy can
be providtd therefor.
The resolution was, by unanimous consent,
considered and agreed to.
COLONEL BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
biil of the House, No. 63, explanatory of the act
for the relief of Colonel Roberts, of the United
States Army.
Mr. P. said: The Committee on the Judiciary
have directed me to report this bill back to the
House without amendment. It is accompanied
by a report, which may be read, if any gentleman
desires it; or I will state in.a few words the sub-
stance of the biil, and the reasons for adoptingit.
ft is a bill for the relief of Colonel Roberts, of
the United States Army. During the last Con-
gress a bill was passed by this House for the re-
lief of this officer, who was forced to resign his
commission contrary to law in the year 1839.
The case was brought before the last Congress,
and elaborately examined by the Judiciary Com-
mittee in the Senate; and Mr. Berrien, in behalf
of that committee, made a report recommending
the restoration to Colonel Roberts of his pay, al-
lowances, and emoluments during the time in
which he was withdrawn from the Army.
The facts are simply these: In 1837 there was
a considerable amount of money—some four or
five thousand dollars placed in his hands—to dis-
burse as an army agent. This money consisted
principally of paper issued by the Commercial
Bank of Cincinnati. Under a regulation of the
Government at that time, no money was allowed
to be paid out by Government agents from banks
which did not redeem their notes in specie; and
about the time this money was placed in Colonel
Roberts's hands, that bank declined to pay specie.
The consequence was that he appeared as a de-
faulter to the Government, and he was soon noti-
fied by his commanding officer that, unless he im-
mediately resigned his commission, he would be
dismissed from the service. This, it has been
ascertained, was directly in the face of the law.
The result was, that Colonel Roberts was with-
drawnTrom the service, and continued so until the
breaking out of the war with Mexico—some seven
years after—when he was again allowed to enter
the Army, and was rapidly promoted, as a reward
of his gallantrv.
The regulations of the Government at the time
Colonel Roberts was withdrawn from the service,
required that whenever an officer of the aimy,
having in his charge the disbursement of money,
was charged with being a defaulter, his case was
to be presented to the proper authorities, and he
was to be allowed, as the lawyers would say, a
"day in court," in which to defend himself. No
such piivilege was allowed to Colonel Roberts.
He was driven from the Army, without any op-
portunity of defending himself, upon the simple
notice of his commanding officer that unless he
resigned his commission he would be dismissed
from the service. This was in direct violation of
a law of Congress, passed in 1823. In 1828 an-
other law was passed, providing that where a
defalcation was charged against an officer, his pay
and emoluments should be retained until the defal-
cation was made out. This was not done in Colo-
nel Robeits's case when he was in fact dismissed
from the A rmy  
Mr. M1LLSON, (interrupting.) X ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to make a single suggestion.
The bill and report, as I understand it, have not
been read to the House. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that if he will allow the
report of the committee upon the bill to be read,
the House will better understand his argument
upon it.
Mr. PARKER, (resuming.) I am stating the
substance of the report. This case, as I was
going to observe, came up before the Senate
during the last session of Congress.
Mr. Berrien, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, then made a full report of the facts of the
case, the substance of which I have stated. And
upon thatreporta bill was predicated which, upon
its fape, provided for the payment to Colonel Rob-
erts of his pay and subsistence during the time he
was thus illegally and most oppressively dropped
from the service.
It was ascertained, on referring the matter to
the accounting officers of the Treasury, that the
words used in that bill, " pay and subsistence,"
under a regulation of the Department, did not
cover the whole of the compensation to which
Colonel Roberts was entitled; and the sole object
of this bill is to remedy that defect in the phrase-
ology of the legislation of the last Congress.
1 am further informed that the report of Mr.
Berrien contemplated the payment of the whole
of what we now propose to give this officer; but
the clerk to whom the drafting of the bill was con-
fided used expressions different from those em-
ployed in the report, and thus Colonel Roberts was
unable to obtain the full compensation to which
he was entitled.
This bill simply provides that the words " pay,
emolument, and allowances" shall be substituted
for the words "pay and subsistence."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow a motion to be made to refer
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House, so
that the House may have a choice in the matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. PARKER. The case has been examined
with great care.
[Cries of " Read the bill!"]
The Clerk then read the bill.
Mr. PARKER. I ask for tellers on seconding
j the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Eastman were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 41.
So the previous question received a second.
The question then was, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"
Mr. MILLSON. I feel constrained in this
| place to demand the yeas and nays on the order-
j mg of the main question; so that it may be seen
who are in favor of forcing this bill through in an
| unusual manner, without discussion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
At the request of several members,and by unani-
mous consent, the bill was again read through.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The report of the
committee accompanying the bill has not been
read. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
j that it may be now read at the Clerk's desk; so
that all members may understand upon what
grounds the passage of the bill is proposed.
There was no objection; and the report was read
j by the Clerk.
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to put
| a question to the Speaker before the yeas and
i nays are called. What will be the effect of voting
against the putting of the main question now?
; The SPEAKER. The effect will be to carry
the bill over until to-morrow, or another day, at
! all events.
! The roll was then called, and there were—yeas
! 113, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Aiken, Belcher, Benson,
I Dispell, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks, Carponter, Caruth-
1 ers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chn>man, Clark, Cook, Cor-
1 wm, Cox, Crocker, Culloin, Cuntmtng, Cutting, John G.
j Davis, Thomas Davis, Demi, De Wm, Dick, Dickinson,
i Dowdell, Eddy, Tldgerton, Edmands,Edmunson. Elliott. El-
lison, E sli«h, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley. Flagler. Flor-
1 ence, Fullei, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood", Grey, Andrew
, J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hari ison, flaven, Hendueks,,
, Hihbard, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, lngprsoll. Johnson,
I Kettt, Knox,Lane, Latham, Lindley, LimMey, McCulloch,
j MeDougatl, M«iey, Matteson, Maunce, Meacham, John ii.
■ Miller, Smith Miller, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Par-
, ker, Pennington, Phillips, Piatt, Prinyle. Puryear, Ready,
Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbins. Rogers. Sabm, Saire,
■ Sapp, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Simmons, Samuel A.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodcrrass, Frederick P Stan-
1 ton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub~ John L. Ta'vlor, Thurs-
I ton, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Vansam, Wallev", Elhhu B.
VVashhnrne, John Wentworth. Tappan Wonmorth, West-
i brook. "Wheeler, Hendnck C. Wright, and Yates—113.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen. Ashe,
Bark -dale, Barry, Boiock, Bndj-o, Churchvvell,' Cling-
man, Cobb, Craige, Curtis, Dawson, Drum, Faulkner,
Fenton, Guiding, Grow, Hamilton, Hastings, Houston,
; Daniel T. Jone*, George W. Jones. Kidwell, Kittred"e,
i Kuita, Lamb, Lilly, Macdonald, McMulhn, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Maxwell, Mayall, Middleswarth, Millson, Morri-
son, Murray, Noble, Olds, Orr, Packer, Peck, Bishop
Peikms, John Perkins, Ruffin, Shower, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Stratton. John
J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Wade, Walbndge, Walsh, Witle,
and Darnel B. Wright—60.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The main question—that the bill be engrossed
and read a third time—was then put and agreed to;
and the bill being engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
Mr. PARKER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and that that
motion do lie on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, presented the following report: which was
read:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
the resolution of this House, presented by Hon. Presley
Ewinr, of Kentucky, proposing an amendment of the
Constitution in the mode of electing the President and Vice
President of the United States, report:
That having had the benefit, jn committee, of an oral
and interesting exposition of this important question by the
honorable mover of the resolution, they have bestowed upon
the same much anxious consideration,and are<s;Ui«sfied that
there is decided merit in the amendment as pioposed. They
are also satisfied that the conviction in the public mind is
strong, and almost universal, that there are serious evil? in-
separably connected with the existing provisions in this
behalt that may and should be remedied ; and believing that
there is now a calm m the political elements most auspi-
cious for the grave consideration of this subject, the com-
mittee deem it due the American people that Congress
should propose to them some carefully-considered and well-
digcsted amendment in the premises. They therefore ask
that their committee may be discharged from the further
con.-ideiation of the subject, and recommend the adoption
of the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That a select joint
committee, composed of nine Representatives, and five
Senators, be appointed by the presiding officers of the
two Houses respectively, to whom shall be leferrt'd the
said resolution proposing an amendment of the Constitu-
tion in the mode of electing the President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, with instructions to take that
matter, and the subject generally, into consideration, and to
report upon the same in such manner as to them may seem
most expedient.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I move to
lay that report on the table, and that it be printed.
While I am up, Mr. Speaker, I will state that I
should like very much if the members of com-
mittees would make their reports in such manner
as not to occupy the whole of the morning hour
of the House.
Mr. PARKER. Mr. Speaker, I imagine that
there is no necessity for this matter being laid
over. It is a simple question of inquiry, and one,
I believe, which has elicited the attention of al-
most every American citizen. There is no news-
paper in the land that does not condemn the pres-
ent mode of electing the President and Vice
President of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not de-
batable. t
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to suggest that
this is not merely a motion to lay on the table, but
it is a motion to lay on the tahle and print; and
the motion to print is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on laying
the report on the table.
Mr. EWING. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Chair
what would be the fate of this movement if it
were ordered that the report lie on the table? and
whether that would be the closing up all further
inquiry on that subject?
The SPEAKER. Practically it would be, un-
less taken up by the vote of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman desires
to debate the question he will not be prevented.
) He can do so by moving to recommit. My ob-
! ject is to economize the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. The report of the committee
i closes with a resolution proposing a select com-
l mittee to which this subject shall be referred.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am aware of that, sir,
Ii but- 
!j Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman from Vir-
j ginia withdraw his motion till I make one solitary
I word of explanation ?
j Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw my mo-
! tion, for the eentleman's convenience.
| Mr. EWING. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the course proposed now is not a suggestion
! of mine. I had this resolution—when it was first
| presented—referred to the Judiciary Committee,
1 in preference to its reference to a select committee;
