1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
the Government, and indeed in spite of the Gov-
ernment. This has already been proved, and is
obvious to everyone; and anything which we can
do, as a Government, will be more likely to retard
than to advance the interest of private enterprise.
Let us attend to our legitimate business. I am
not here to decide upon what private individuals
shall or shall not do. Not at all.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have shown what is the
character of this bill, without noticing some of the
other arguments which have been advanced in its
support. Reference has been made to the great
subject of cheap postage. We heard something
of that two years ago; and in carrying out those
ideas of cheap postage, a system was adopted which
has been pursued until the whole internal postal
arrangements of the country have become disor-
dered and oppressed, and until the large cities of the
country have monopolized all the advantages and
privileges of that system, to the detriment of the
smaller and rural post offices of the country. You
have mails for the large cities daily and hourly,
and we of the interior are called upon to give the
hard-earned fruits of our industry for part pay-
ment of the transportation, and to pay for their
privileges and conveniences, which they are en-
joying. We have as much right to pay the
expenses of the transportation of the merchandise
of John Jacob Astor, as for the transportation of
his letters. You call upon the peopleof thecoun-
try, whose correspondence is comparatively limited
and small, to pay their money to sustain a system
for the benefit of those who do write; to pay an
undue share to support a system monopolized by
those who are realizing large fortunes from their
ii^estments, while we, of the interior of the coun-
try, who are taxed to support that system, are
obliged to be satisfied with a limited return upon
the products of our common industry.
We have heard enough of this matter of cheap
postage. Public meetings were held in every city,
and agents were swarming around the Halls of
Congress, keeping up the cry of cheap postage.
What was the consequence of theiraction, and of
the action of Congress? The mails were overbur-
dened, and overloaded with useless matter, until
the cost of transportation of the same has become
so great that the Department, because of this and
other means, is $2,000,000 behind the receipts,
and the whole system is broken down. Far sooner
would the people of my section of the country pay,
and pay honestly, for their mails, rather than
have a system so disorganized as is the present one.
I am in favor of a reasonable and moderate rate
of postage, and of affording mail facilities to all
parts of the country. But the idea of paying
$1,000,000 a year under this bill; $850,000 to
the Collins' line, and large sums to other com-
panies, until the whole postal revenue, and more
than the whole, is absorbed, and the postal fa-
cilities of the interior of the country injured and
burdened, is an idea fraught with ruin to the in-
terests of our country.
I am opposed to such a course, and the bill now
under consideration is one of the bills which are
designed, or which tend to carry that system of
things into operation.
I know my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Church-
well] is sincere in his support of this bill—I have
the highest respect for him, and I would not op-
pose it, did I not feel called upon to do so from a
sense of duty to my constituents, and to the best
interests of the country.
It is a favorite project of his, and th'e honorable
gentleman announced it here to be his bantling.
A high sense of public duty impels me to regard
this House of Representatives not as a nursery
for bantlings. We have higher and greater
public duties to perform than that. Sir, practi-
cal questions should come before us for our con-
sideration. We should deliberate upon such sub-
jects as regard the public interest, and the public
good, in our action upon them.
Mr. Speaker, I hope the consideration of this
question wilt not be postponed. I do not like
postponements. We are postponing everything
of importance which comes before us; and if we
go on in this way, before the present session shall
be brought to a close, the business of the House
will have been brought into such a condition that
it wilt be almost impossible for us to accomplish
anything. It was for that reason that I objected
to the special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union being postponed. As
these questions come up, let us settle them, and
settle them finally, for we shall have important
business in the future, which will demand our
consideration and action. I repeat,sir, that I am
hostile to this postponement. Let us settle this
question now; or if the House require furthertime
for its consideration, let us refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where we may reflect upon it, and in which we
may perfect the bill in all its details.
Mr. McMULLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS also, at the same time, addressed
the Speaker.
Mr. McMULLIN. I shall detain the House
but a very few minutes. The remarks of the
gentleman from Maryland, who has just taken
his seat, have superseded the necessity of my ad-
dressing the House to that extent which I had
before intended. I first desire to notice a remark
made by the gentleman from California [Mr. La-
tham] the other day, when this subject was under
consideration.
Mr. CIIURCIIWELL. I rise to a question of
order. If my recollection serves me right, the
honorable gentleman from Virginia has made one
speech against this bill, and therefore is not now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. If that question of order pre-
vails, I shall claim the floor.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I shafl be very glad
to hear the gentleman from Missouri. I did not
intend to address the House myself at this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia having addressed the House once upon this
question, cannot retain the floor if any other gen-
tleman desires to speak.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have only to say that
this very neighborly, kind courtesy of the gentle-
man from Tennessee merits my most cordial
thanks. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. I am very sorry to deprive
my friend from Virginia of the floor; but as the
gentleman from Tennessee made the question of
order, I thought it was for the purpose of claiming
it for himself; and I therefoie gave notice that I
should contest his right to it. I do not, however,
desire to occupy the hour to which I am entitled,
and I will yield to the gentleman from.Virginia
before I shall conclude.
Mr. Speaker, the bill introduced by the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee, reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is
wrongly entitled. It should be entitled " A bill to
increase the deficit in the revenues of the Post
Office Department from a million and a quarter to
a million and a half;" for before I close my re-
marks in relation to this bill, I will demonstrate
to the House that this must be the inevitable re-
sult of its passage.
The other day I made a motion to lay this bill
upon the table. There was then a motion pend-
ing to postpone which precluded all debate, and
therefore 1 made the motion. But inasmuch as I
did make a motion, which, if it had been suc-
cessful, would have defeated the bill, 1 feel it to be
my duty to give the reasons why I am opposed to
this measure. I have no disposition to deprive
the people of California, or the people upon the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts, of rapid communica-
tions by mail. On the contrary, I desire to see
rapid mail facilities established in every portion of
the country. But when you proceed to expedite
the transmission of the mail by providing for its
transportation by a different route from that in
which it is now carried, I like to see measures of
retrenchment and economy going side by side.
It is true that the line of steamers which this
bill proposes to establish will carry the mail more
expeditiously than those now employed. I have
no doubt such will be the result-^ and if the time
should be shortened as much as is anticipated, the
proposed line will entirely engross the transporta-
tion of the letter and newspaper mail, and leave
the other " mailable matter" to be carried by the
existing line. Why should you, while you have
one mail line from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast,
by the way of Chagres, which now costs the Gov-
ernment of the United States *>700,000—more than
§700,000 the last fiscal year—establish another
route which will entirely supersede the existing
one, and increase the deficiency in the revenues of
the Post Office Department from $1,250,000 to
SI 500 000. The gentleman from Tennessee does
not propose to abrogate existing mail contracts.
He does not propose by his bill any method by
which we shall relieve the Government of the
United States from the payment to Law and As-
pinwall the amounts they now receive under the
contracts made with them several years ago. - No,
these are to be kept in force.
Then you are to establish a mail route different
from that now traversed by your steamers, or by
travel. The gentleman from Tennessee does not
believe that you can expedite the transmission of
mail matter if you adopt the Nicaragua route.
Then there are two other routes: theTehuantepec,
and the one by Vera Cruz and Acapulco, the lat-
ter known as the Ramsay and Cormack route. In
relation to those routes, it must be recollected by
the members of the House that there are gentle-
men who claim they have grants from the Govern-
ment of Mexico of the exclusive transportation
over them. 1 am aware that there is a contest be-
tween those who claim under the Garay and the
Sloo grants on the Tehuantepec route; but, as far
as the other route is concerned, I presume there is
no controversy; for, during the late Administra-
tion, when the Post Office was under the control
of Mr. Hubbard, a conditional contract was en-
tered into for the transportation of the mail by the
way of Vera Cruz and Acapulco, which the pres-
ent Postmaster General, on his induction into
office, refused to ratify.
The gentleman proposes, in his extreme liberal-
ity, that thecontract shall exist for ten years. He
also proposes that if any cheaper, any nearer,
and better route can be obtained, this contract
shall be annulled. Now, if the right of transit by
the two routes which have been indicated, and over
which no travel is now passing, be vested exclu-
sively in any individual or individuals, by virtue
of the grant from the Mexican Government, how
does he expect any nearer and more expeditious
route can be procured than those?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, 1 will say that the object is to su-
persede the contract that may be made if any other
person can carry the mail quicker; not if any
other can do it on a better route.
Mr. PHELPS. I have listened tothe explana-
tion of my friend from Virginia. I am glad that
he has made it. They have taken the wrong
course. They have not taken the proper method
to accomplish what is intended. Is there any pro-
vision in the bill that the existing contracts shall
be annulled? Is there any provision authorizing
any officer of the Government to endeavor to buy
up the old contracts, or to extinguish them? None
at all. When the measure was before Congress
to reduce the postage, I myself advocated it; but
I also desired to diminish the cost of the trans-
portation of the mail within the United States. I
sought to reduce the exorbitant amount which ,
was then,and is now, claimed by various railroad
companies in the United States for the transporta-
tion of the mail; and if the reforms which I advo-
cated had been adopted, the Post Office ^Depart-
ment would now have been a self-sustaining ma-
chine. Instead of that, large expenditures are still
added, and continue to be added; and the cost of
the transportation of the mail is increased. 13y
transferring the service from steamboats, coaches,
or horseback, to railroads, the cost is vastly in-
creased, while the cost of transportation of pas-
sengers is generally greatly diminished.
Mr. LATHAM, t wish to ask the gentleman
whether or not he has ever read the existing con-
tract for carrying the mail by the Panama route.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes,sir; I examined itseveral
^Mr ^LATHAM. I presume it was about seven
yeMr.apHELPS. I cannot say how that is.
This subject has been under consideration during
each Congress for the last six or seven years. In-
quiries have been made; calls for information from
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Navy have been made in relation to every con-
tract for the transportation of mails by ocean
steamers,and those contracts have been published,
and I have examined them at different times smce
those contracts were made. But 1 do not see the
pertinency of the gentleman's question to thesub-
ject under consideration.
Sir, the friends of this bill are endeavoring to have
it put uoon its passage. Amotion to commit is
pending, to be followed up, as it was the other
day, by a matjpn to postpone to a day certain.
