900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
which precludes debate, thus indicating that it is
the intention of the friends of the measure to
carry it through the House without permitting
full and free discussion of it. They resist she
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where full and
free discussion could take place.
The gentlemen from Tennessee, [Mr. Church-
well,] and California, [Mr. Latham,] and Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] have alluded to the time now
consumed in the transportation of the mails from
New York to San Francisco. The mail contract,
as originally established, was for the transporta-
tion of the mail from New York, by the way of
Havana, to Chagres, and from Panama, by the
way of San Francisco, to Astoria. If, therefore,
gentlemen propose to abrogate the existing mail
contract for the transportation of the mail be-
tween New York and San Francisco, by the way
of the Isthmus of Panama, they must make some
provision for the transportation of the mails from
San Francisco to Astoria, for that service is now
embraced in the contract.
But, sir, I intend to demonstrate, that if the
steamers which may be put upon this projected
line between the cities ot New Orleans and San
Francisco, by the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, pos-
sess as good speed only as those now engaged in
the transportation of the mails by the Isthmus of
Panama, that transportation can be made in
twelve or thirteen days. Now, according to the
schedule of prices proposed in this bill, if the
mail is transported in thirteen days, the Post Of-
fice Department is saddled with an expenditure of
$1,300,000 per annum; if m twelve days, with
$1,400,000; and if in eleven days, with $l,5u0,000
per annum. The distance by the route now trav-
ersed by the steamers leaving New York city, by
way of Havana to Aspmwall, and thence by the
fathoms of Panama to San Francisco, is five
thousand eight hundred and fifty miles. Thedis-
tance, however, from New Orleans to San Fran-
cisco, by the way of Chagres, is only four thou-
sand nine hundred and sixty miles. The distance
from New Orleans to San Francisco, by the way
of the4 Isthmus of Tehuantepec, is only three
thousand three hundred and sixty miles; one
hundred and thirty miles of which is the Jsthmus
transit, and only about forty miles of that is by
land transportation, for the river Coalzacoalcos
is navigable for ninety miles.
Now, if the steamers that maybe put upon the
projected route between New Orleans and San
Francisco, by the way of the Isthmus of 1'ehuan- i
tepee, will only make the same speed made by j
the two steamers winch recently brought the mails I
from San Francisco,via Panama, to New Orleans— \
I refer to the Golden Gate and the El Dorado— j
the ocean service ran be perfoi med in eleven days, !
seven days between San Francisco and the lsth- t
mus of Tehuantepec, and four days across the j
Gulf of Mexico—making eleven days of water j
transportation—leaving one hundred and thirty |
nnles of Isthmus transportation by river and land. !
What, any those interested in this Tehuantepec |
route5—for under the law of the last session of j
Congress proposals were invited by the Post- !
master General for the transportation of the mail
upon the various ocean routes oftheUnited Suites.
The object was to learn whether exorbitant prices
were not now paid to the companies that had
made these contiacts in proportion to the nei vice
to be performed, I have here a letter written by
two gentlemen, A. G. Sloo and Arnold G. Har-
ris, who claim they have the exclusive right to
the transportation of the mail across the Isthmus
of Tehuantepec.
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Church-
well] himself has proposed suc.h a large compen-
sation in his bill, 1 have no doubt that he looks to
the transportation of the mail under and by virtue
of the provisions of this bill by tiie Ramsay and
Cormaek route—the loute via Vera Os nr. and
Acapulco. Messrs. Sloo and Harris make propo-
sals for semi-monthly service, but they do not in-
dicate the length nf time in which they obligate
themselves to perform this ntfvice. In a letter of
the same date with their proposals, they use the
following language:
"new orj.fans, october^, } 33.
''Sir We have thehonui (o inclose herewith a piopusi-
non for fli*; ttansportatioii ot the Uriiujtl State* mail be-
tween New oHenn* un.i S«m Fnmc^-co, and bpg leave to
say a teiv wonte in explanation.
By a routine! c.lto'ulv elnevd wah responsible parties,
a plank load from Lucinl, the head ofsteamboat navigation
on the Coalzacoalcos river, to the Pacific ocean, is? to be
completed by the 1st of January, 1855, when we will be able
to make connection between New Orleans and the Pacific
ocean easily m less than five days. From that point eight
days to San Francisco is a large allowance ot time—we
think it will oftener be done in seven; and between New
Orleans and the Pacific m nearer four than five days; so
that, between the two points, the time will average undei
twelve days."
Gentlemen who are interested in that line of
roads say that after the first day of January next
they will be able to make a communication be-
tween New Orleans and the Pacific ocean, by the
Tehuantepec route, in less than five days. From
that point to San Francisco eight days is a large
allowance of time. Taking the lowest time spe-
cified in the schedule, the compensation for eleven
days would be$l,500,000 dollars. But these gen-
tlemen say that they will perform this service for
$750,000. But I have here their proposals, which
i will read:
""New Orleans, October 20,1833.
"We, the undersigned, propose to transport the United
States mail from New Orleans to San Francisco and back,
via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, semi-monthly, tor the
sum of $750,000 per annum. They also propose lo per-
form any increased service, d,ue notice being given, for the
additional compensation ol seventy-five per cent, on the
first contract, for a period often years. The service to
commence on (he "l^t day ol January, 1855, provided the
contract j^mad*' hefoie the 1st of March next; it made
subsequent to Mat tune, a co: responding allowance of tune,
it required, to be given u* in commencing the service; or,
if the contract be mode immediately, we will commence on
the 1st ot October next. A. G. SLOO,
arnold iiaurftf.
*' lion. James Campuei.l, Foil/natter Genenil.
Mr. Speaker, instead of introducing a system
of economy, as contended for by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Churchwell,] you in-
crease the amount of compensation to be given for
this mail service over that proposed by good and
responsible men. Why do we double the sum'
Why do we propose to pay from §1,300,000 to
$1,500,000 for this service, when we have gentle-
men who represent that they are ready to transport,
the mail between New Orleans and San Francisco
in from eleven to thirteen days; and that, too, at
only $750,000 per annum ?
Mr. Speaker, that is my sentiment in regard to
this matter, I do not propose to discuss this ques-
tion further. Since i have had the honor of a
seat in this body, I have opposed the system of
ocean steam mail contracts. Already all your
ocean mail contracts that are now in existence,
with the exception of one or two, have been made
by special legislation of Congress; and by direct-
ing the Secretary of the Navy, or the Postmaster
General himself to contract with persons named
in the law thus authorizing it, at a sum stipulated
in the law, and not havingthematteropen to pub-
lic competition, you have had thesecontractors,or
some of them, afterwards coming here, and saying
that the remuneration provided for in the contracts
was inadequate and insufficient, and asking for
additional compensation; and we found Congress
ready to vote that additional compensation. This
principle of giving additional compensation I have
opposed; and I have opposed the forming of these
contracts. That has been the course of policy
which I have pursued, and which I am pursuing
at the present time. For, Mr. Speaker, \ believe
that if this system is persisted in, it will destroy
the Post Office Department. If this bill now be-
fore the House is enacted, it will draw from the
revenue of that Department $1,500,000; and this,
too, from a Department where there is already a
deficit of $2,000,000 a year; which would make
the deficit then $3,500,000 a year.
Mr McMULLI NT Will the gentleman from
Missouri yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I shall not
now take exception to the point of order made
upon me by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Churciiwell.] I think, however, lie might have
saved himself that trouble 
Mr. CHURCIIWELL, (mtenupting.) Will
the gentleman from Virginia allow me to explain ?
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] has the floor; if he consents
to yield f have no objection.
Mr. PHELPS. I yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee for an explanation,
Mr. CHURCIIWELL. What I desire to say
is, that I had no disposition to rut off the speech
of the gentleman from V irgima *. for 1 have always
heard his speeches with great pleasure. But I
thought the gentleman was out of order, and the
Chair decided that I was right in my opinion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I accept with pleasure the
explanation of the gentleman from Tennessee.
But I think, with all due deference to the Chair
and to that gentleman, that if I understand the
facts of the case, I was not out of order. I rose
the other day to submit a motion to refer this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 did not then discuss the merits of the
bill, but declined to do so.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
from Virginia afford me another opportunity to
explain ?
Mr. McMULLIN. With pleasure.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. My understanding
was, Mr. Speaker, when this debate was closed
last week, that the gentleman from California [Mr.
Latham] yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] on the condition that
he would renew the motion which had been made
for postponing the consideration of this bill for
three weeks. (To Mr. Latham.) Am I right?
Mr. LATHAM. I understand it so.
Mr. McMULLIN. If the gentleman from
Tennessee had but waited to hear me, he would
have come at the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. The papers, the record of
the Journal, and the recollection of the Clerk and
Speaker all goto show that on this bill there is but
oneproposition pending, which is to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] yield me the floor for a
word of explanation? &-
Mr. PHELPS. Yes; 1 will yield it for that
purpose.
Mr. LATHAM. The proceedings, as I recol-
lect them, are reported correctly in the Globe of
Friday last. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] made a motion to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill for three weeks. He gave
way to me on the express condition that I should
renew that motion. After I closed my remarks,
I accordingly renewed the motion, and then gave
way for the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
Mullw,] with the express condition that he
would renew it 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) And the gen-
tleman from Virginia failed to do so. That is the
history of the affair.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has stated the facts as I was proceeding to
state them myself when I was interrupted. I was
not in the House when the bill came up yester-
day, or I would then have, in good faith, renewed
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] to postpone for three weeks. The
floor was taken from me by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] the other day when I was
about to renew the motion; and hence, sir, 1
thought the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Churchwell] was not acting towards me in that
extraordinary friendly character which he pro-
fessed the other day when he was speaking upon
this subject.
My purpose now is, more particularly, to notice
the remarks of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Latham,] and to call the attention of the
House to the fact which he stated the other day,
that about one third of the whole revenue of the
Post Office Department was paid for the transpor-
tation of'letters by the express lines. Now I
beg the House to remember this important fact,
that upon all the mail lines established by law,
those express companies have no right to transmit
letters, and it is the duty of the Post Office Depart-
ment to enforce the lav/ upon that subject. The
argument of the gentleman from California, there-
fore, ought not. to have any influence with the
House, because of the fact that if you enforce the
law you will break up this system of carrying
letters by these express lines. I understand that
the mails to and from California are of immense
size, amounting sometimes to twelve tons of
matter.
I am perfectly willing to afford all the mail fa-
cilities which are necessary, hut I ask the House
if they are prepared to vote for these additional
mail facilities between New Orleans and San Fran-
cisco; if they are willing to offer a direct premium
to those gentlemen who are contemplated as the
contractors within the provisions of this bill? I
