190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
lion bills, by an express rule, take precedence of
all other bills.
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for amo-
tion to be made to take up any of the appropria-
tion biJis. The gentleman from Alabama moves
that the President's message, and the resolutions
in reference thereto, offered by himself, be laid
aside for the purpose of taking up House bill No.
50, being "A bill making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States, for the year ending June 30,1855."
The question is first upon laying aside the Pres-
ident's message.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask whether the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] to
Whom the floor has been awarded, will be in pos-
session of it when the House next goes into Com-
mittee of the Whole.on the state of the Union, or
does he forfeit his right to it by refusing to speak
now ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from South Carolina will be
entitled to the floor when next the House goes
into committee, if the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama prevails, inasmuch as he yields the
floor to the gentleman from Alabama for the pur-
pose of making that motion.
' Mr. DRUM. I will state to the committee
that I believe the next order on the Calendar is a
bill in reference to the payment of the amount
authorized to be paid to the gentleman who is
codifying the revenue laws. I think that it is the
next thing in order. It authorizes the payment
of his salary. Now, sir, that gentleman has been
engaged for nine months past, and has not yet
been compensated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair dislikes to in-
terrupt the gentleman from Pennsylvania; but de-
bate is n6t in order on a question of priority of
business.
Mr. DRUM. I was not aware of that fact.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Houston, and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 90 
[Cries of " We give it up!"]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
.the proposition will be decided to be carried in the
affirmative.
There was no objection, and it was so decided.
Mr. WALSH. Those who voted in the affirm-
ative are the ones who cry "We give it up!"
Mr. WHEELER. Is it in order to decide a
question without calling for the negative? The
Chair called for the affirmative, and decided that
the motion was agreed to without calling for the
negative.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked whether
a further count was insisted upon; and no gentle-
man did insist.
Mr. WHEELER. I heard no gentleman give
up the count. When a gentleman does so, he is
required by the rules to rise in his seat.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is now too late to raise
the point.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair rules.
Mr. WHEELER. It is always too late to raise
a point when a question of right is concerned.
Mr. WALSH. The day of grace has passed.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is the consideration of" A bill making
appropriations for the payment ofinvalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1855."
It will be read through by sections for amend-
ment.
The bill was read through by sections, but no
amendment was proposed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that if do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
it will be so ordered.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The question was taken, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee i
now take up for consideration House bill No. 47, '
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy, for the year ending the 30th 1
of June, 1855. Il
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk then read the bill through by sec-
tions for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be on
laying aside bill No. 47, and reporting it to the
House.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Speaker, I wish to in-
quire what latitude of debate is allowed on these
bills ?
The CHAIRMAN. The widest latitude is
allowed to gentlemen—according to the practice
of the committee—on any of the general appro-
priation bills.
Mr. WALSH. Then, Mr. Chairman, I——
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
New York yield the.floor?
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from New
York will certainly yield the floor to a gentleman
who is always entitled to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am just going to ask the
gentleman from New York to let the committee
report that bill to the House, and then take up the
deficiency bill, when he will have an opportunity
to make a speech.
Mr. WALSH. I shall dispense with making
a speech, and yield the floor, I have no particu-
lar desire to make a speech.
The question, that House bill 47 should be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. [ now ask that House bill
No. 49, being a bill to supply the deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending SOth June, 1854, be taken up for con-
sideration.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk read the first clause of the bill.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to detain the House at any length; neither
do I propose to make what is called a set speech;
but from the evident disposition manifested by
this House, no other opportunity will probably
occur wherein I shall be enabled to say anything
upon the subject of which I now propose to speak.
On a former occasion I felt called upon, in reply
to some remarks made by gentlemen upon this
floor, to say a few words, which the meanest and
dullest understanding, riot willfully blinded to the
truth, could not fail to apprehend. When I used
the word " democracy," I, of course, intended to
be understood as alone referring to that chivalrous
and self-sacrificing party which—whether in the
pride of victory and the plenitude of power, or
und£r the vicissitude of defeat—has ever sustained
and preserved the Constitution in its purity, and
in the unshaken integrity of its letter and its spirit,
against the open assaults of insane, though, per-
haps, not dishonest, fanatics, and against the more
wily, and dangerous, and dastardly assaults of
that mean, despicable,.and hollow-hearted set of
hungry traitors who, at a pepper-and-salt conven-
tion, held in Buffalo,in 1848, fraternized, with per-
tinacious assumption of well-dissembled sincerity,
with disappointed and disloyal Whigs, rampant
Abolitionists, and long-heeled Negroes, pampered
by the traitorous artifices of demagogues, whose
hearts and purposes were blacker than the faces
of the poor dupes they were deluding in doing so.
In using the word " democracy," sir, I used it
as I do now, and as I have ever done, and as I
ever shall do—for whatever the Cabinet may do
in this respect—and I apprehend it is not of the
j slightest possible consequences to any one beyond j
j the vampires and parasites who surround it—the
j Democracy has ever been, and ever will remain
[ indivisibly united.
; The time to which I then alluded, as best befit-
ting the national men of New York to speak, has,
in my opinion, more than fully arrived already.
Though I have been anxiously desirous that some
one among my associates should give utterance
to our views upon this subject, I can no longer
remain silent, with a due regard to my own
I self-respect, with a proper appreciation of what
i is due to me and to that noble and devoted party,
! whose services, and sacrifices, and undeviating
| devotion to principle, will live in the hearts of all
; true and patriotic men long after the corrupt co-
alition which now surrounds us is resolved back
j to the conflicting elements of whbh it is composed,
| and the official skeletons of their hungry leaders
are left dangling upon the gibbits to which public
execration and condemnation have consigned them
—yes, consigned them as an impressive warning
to all political malefactors. [Laughter.] Sir, we
have suffered, in the estimation of many, the most
ignominious and flagrant wrongs, and the most
persevering persecutions, from those we have ele-
vated to power, upon principles which they loudly
profess in theory, but which, I regret to say, they
have sadly, if not shamelessly, violated in prac-
tice. Every opportunity has been afforded to them
to retrieve their blunders, and to make reparation,
as far as the case will now admit, for the unex-
ampled outrages perpetrated upon us. Instead of
accepting the golden opportunity thus generously
presented, they have, with a most willful obtuse-
ness, construed our forbearance into cowardice—
our magnanimity into slavish acquiescence.
Sir, notwithstanding the bitter lesson adminis-
tered by the result of our last election in the State
of New York—a lesson which, to men not intoxi-
cated with power, unwisely conferred, but still
more unwisely, if not ungratefully, exercised,
would have been as instructive as it was unex-
pected—the Administration still seems egregiously
to underrate and totally misunderstand the true
character of the men with whom they have been
so long and stupidly trifling. Sir, the misrepre-
sentations which have been so meanly, so sneak-
ingly, and so perseveringly circulated against our
motives, our acts, our present position, our pure-
est, brightest, and boldest men, have been so fla-
grant, so false, and so numerous, that I, for one,
can no longer stand passive, and refrain from doing
what I can to rescue truth from the polluting and
deadly embrace of this miserable sophistry.
For President Pierce I entertain, personally, a
very high degree of regard, more particularly if
he were simply a citizen, and not a President. He
is a very kind, agreeable man; and he is what the
ladies would term a very pohte, affable, and pleas-
ant gentleman—far more so, 1 am afraid, than it
will ever be my lot to be considered. He has
always treated me with marked kindness and seem-
ing confidence; but since I have ascertained that this
is generally his disposition to everybody, I must
be compelled to take off an extraordinary discount
for the compliment to myself. [Laughter.]
He reminds me of that English commander to
whom Napoleon surrendered on board of the Bel-
lerophon. When he came into England, Napo-
leon was very anxious to have an interview with
the King of Great Britain, and asked permission
of the ministers who were sent to see him. They
asked the commander who came over with him
from France whether such a step .would be politic?
" By no means," said he. "Why?" "Because,
if you allow them to have five minutes' conversa-
tion, they will become the best friends in the world.
D—n it, sir, it will never do."
Now, sir, it is in consequence of my own quiet,
susceptible nature, when 1 have to do with those
of my own sex—and Heaven knows what would
be the effect were it with those of the opposite sex,
[laughter]—that I have studiously avoided calling
upon the President of the United States since the
opening of the present session of Congress. From
what 1 have said, I presume every gentleman will
infer that I am not going to use any unkind ex-
pression towards that high functionary. I am
simply going to set forth a few facts before the
House, and then allow them to draw their own
inferences.
Sir, the position which the New York Democ-
racy have occupied before the country has been
grossly and shamelessly misrepresented. This
contest, which had its final issue in the last elec-
tion, commenced in 1844. The men who were
instrumental in defeating General Cass, in 1848,
had then arrayed themselves against the admission
of Texas, or rather against its annexation to the
United States. The men who figure as the Softs
in New York now, are those who attended and
took part in the anti-annexation meeting at the
Tabernacle m 1848, and arc the men who then
got up the secret circular in the State of New
York, calling upon their friends, while they voted
for Silas Wright for Governor, to vote against
James K. Polk for President; the result of which
was, that the Democratic vote for President ran
far behind that for Governor'of the State; and
had this organization—this treacherous organiza-
tion—been made as perfect then as it was in 1848,
the result of their treasonable efforts would have
been quite as successful.
