1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-fGLOBE.
of October following for want of an appropria-
tion.
On motion .by Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
the bill was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
THOMAS S.J.JOHNSON.
House bill (No. 240) " for the relief of Thomas
S. J. Johnson, of the Territory of New Mexico. "
Mr. MILLER. I understand that some ad-
ditional facts have been sent in by the Auditor,
which may make it necessary to refer the case
back to the Committee of Claims, and 1 therefore
move that the bill be now informally laid aside. *
The motion was agreed to.
OLIVER LEE. *
House bill (No. 941) " for the relipf of the ad-
ministrators of Oliver Lee, deceased."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Charles H. Lee, administrator, and Eliza
Lee, administratrix, of the estate of Oliver Lee,
deceased, late of the city of Buffalo, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of $580 32, the amount of a judg-
ment recovered against Pierre A. Barker, foi merly
collector of the port of Buffalo Creek, in the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the northern
district of New York.
The pending amendment was read, as follows:
Insert after the woid " rents " the following:
" With interest thereon, to be computed from the 20th of
August, 1844."
Mr. McMULLiN. I should like to know
why we should pay interest on this claim. Let
the report be read.
The report was read inextenso. It shows that Oli-
ver Lee was the owner of the schooner Savannah.
In January, 1838, she was seized by Pierre A. Bar-
- ker, the collector of the port of Buffalo, by the di-
rection or advice of General Winfield Scott, who
was then in military command on theN lagara fron-
tier, on suspicion .of being employed in aiding the
Canadian patriots contrary to iaw. Lee sued the
collector before the supreme court of New York.
In March, 1839, the Uniied States district attor-
ney for the northern district of New York was
directed to defend the suit, by the Secretary of
the Treasury, on behalf of the United States.
He procured the renewal of the cause to the cir-
cuit court of the United States, under the act of
Congress; a trial was had befoie the circuit court
of the northern district of New Yoik, in June,
1844, the district attorney of the United States
appearing and defending the suit, and judgment
was recovered, amounting, with the costs, to
$580 32.
Mr. McMULLiN. It seems that it is a very
small matter to occupy the time of the committee.
Judgment was obtained against this collector.
He has proved insolvent, and now the Govern-
ment is called upon to pay this debt. I have no
objection to paying it, but I do not think it is fair
to* come forward and ask interest. I hope the
gentleman will wirhdraw the amendment; for with-
out it 1 will vote for the bill.
Mr. COBB. I believe the gentleman who re-
ported the bill is not in his seat.
Mr. HAVEN. I think we ought not to have
any controversy about it.
Mr. COBB. If I was satisfied that interest had
not been computed in the original report, I would
be for paying it. We have no evidence that the
committee took into consideration the length of
time that the claimant here has been deprived of
his dues.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no control over the
amendment. A gentleman in a district adjoining
mine has charge of the matter. The suggestion
made by my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,]
is incorrect, from the fact that itappears by the
report that the committee propose to pay the
claimant the precise amount of the judgment ac-
cording to the docket.
Mr. COBB. Then he ought to have interest.
The amendment was ngt agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it pass.
CHARLES A. KELLETT.
Senate bill (No. 139) "for the relief of Charles
A. Kellett."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to refund to Charles A. Kellett, or his legal rep-
resentatives, such sum as he had paid to the col-
lector of the port of New York, as tonnage dues,
on the entry of the Chinese junk Key-i«g, pro-
vided the same shall not exceed $500.
The report of the committee was read.
It appears from the report that the said junk
was brought to the country, not for purposes of
commerce, but as an object of curiosity; that the
expenses far exceeded the receipts of the said
junk; that the object of Mr. Kellett in bringing
it here was to benefit the cause of science, by
producing to the western world a curiosity from
the eastern; and, consequently, the committee
think that the tonnage duties collected on her
entry into the port of New York should be re-
funded.
Mr. WALLEY. This is the same report as
made by the Committee on Commerce at a former
Congress. The committee were unanimous on
that occasion. The bill passed the House unani-
mously, but was lost in the Senate for want of
time. This session the same bill that had passed
the House has passed the Senate. All the facts
in the case are contained in the report that has
been read. There can be no objection to the bill.
I therefore move that it belaid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. It is whether
this Chinese junk was ever out of the country?
Whether she was not manufactured here, and
whether Barnum,the humbug showman, was not
the real owner? [A lai'gh ] Also, if the public
authorities of New York had not to interfere to
rescue the poor Chinamen, or rather the crop
of mulattoes, palmed off for Chinamen, from the
oppression of those who owned her? [Laughter.]
Mr. WALLEY. That is a question which it
is out of my power to answer.
The question was then taken on Mr. Walley's
motion; and it was agreed to.
JOSEPH MITCHELL.
Senate bill (No. 29) " for the lelief of Joseph
Mitchell."
The bill directs the proper officers to examine
the claim of Joseph Mitchell, of Maine, a soldier
m the late war with Great Britain, to bounty land
and arrearages of pay and bounty, and to issue a
warrant for such bounty land, and pay such
arrearages as would have been due to him if he
had received an honorable discharge on the expi-
ration of his term of enlistment at the close of the
war. •
Mr. HIESTER. The report is short and satis-
factory. I hope it will be read.
The report from the Committee on Public
Lands was read.
Mr. WALSH. I have not the slightest doubt
that this gentleman is all that he is represented to
have been before he deserted. Calico Pete was
regarded as an honest man until he committed his
first hotel robbery; and Robert Schuyler was re-
garded as one of the most upright and honorable
business men in the city of New Yoik before his
late fraudulent issue of stock. Now, what this
man was previous to his desertion has nothing
whatever to do with the fact of his desertion. If
this bill is pissed, it will be simply paying a trib-
ute to a man who basely deserted the service m
which he enlisted. I hope it will not pass.
Mr. HIESTER. When this matter is properly
explained to the committee, 1 think they will
have no objection to the bill. It is merely a bill
to authorize the issue of a bounty land warrant to
a soldier in the war of 1812, who was unjustly
marked as a deserter. The evidence before the
committee was this: Joseph Mitchell, the claim-
ant, enlisted as an alternative, either for the con-
tinuance of the war, or for five years. By an in-
advertence of the recording officer—and this is
proved by the admission of the officer himself—h.e
was marked as having enlisted absolutely for the
period of five years, which would extend the time
beyond the close of the war. At the termination
of the war he left, under the other alternative of
his enlistment The books, bv this error of the
officer, exhibited him as having eplisted for five
years, and he was consequently marked as a de-
serter. The evidence of these facts is the admis-
sion of the officer and the testimony of witnesses
who were present at the time the contract of en-
listment was made. The evidence was perfectly
satisfactory to the committee, and authorized the
conclusion that there had been an err.o'r commit-
ted, and that injustice had been done to this mail.
1 move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The motion was agreed to. f : : "* .
Mr. M1LLSON 1 do hot think that w,e( are
exactly prepared to enter into the investigation of
any difficult cases, at this late hour. The next
case on the Calendar is one which requires some
discussion. It has been discussed much in former
years, has been rejected two or three times, and
passed once or twice. The House is thin, and I
therefore move that the committee do now rise.,,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
ridge and Cobb appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Edgerton] reported that a Committee of the
Whole House had had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and that he was di-
rected to report to the House bills of the following
titles, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that they do pass:
House bill (No. 189) " for the reheffof John S.
Jones and William H. Russell, surviving partners
of Brown, Russell &■ Co;'*
House bill (No. 190) " for the relief of William
Hankins;"
House bill (No. 196) " for the relief of Gilbert
C. Russell;" *
House bill (No. 199) " for the relief of Thomas
C. Greene;"
Senate bill (No. 76) "authorizing Victor Morass
to relinquish certain lands and to enter the same
quantity elsewhere;"
-Senate bill (No. 73) "for the relief .of the legal
representatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased;"
Senate bill (No. 127) "for the relief of John
Phagan;"
House joint resolution (No. 5) " directing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of William Woodbury, late pension
agent at Portland, Maine;"
House hill (No. 238) " for the relief of John S.
King, of Vugmia;"
Senate bill (No. 125) "for the relief of Ezra
Williams;"
Senate bill (No. 90) " for the relief of Charles
Cooper;"
Senate bill (No. 91) "for the relief of James
Dunning;"
House bill (No. 240) "for the relief of Thomas
S. J. Johnson, of the Territory of New Mexico;"
House bill (No. 241) " for the relief of the ad-
ministrators of Oliver Lee, deceased;"
Senate bill (No. 139) "for the relief of Charles
A. Kellett;"
Senate bill (No. 29) " for the relief of Joseph
,, Mitchell;"
! House hill (No. 182) " for the relief of Danie.
|! Steenrod," with amendments; and
|| House bill (No. 195) "for the relief of Sarah
j K. Jenks, and the legal representatives of Harts-
horn R. Thomas, in the matter of the brigJane,"
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
| House that that body had passed " An act for the
! relief of Thomas K. Glenn," and joint resolution
! of the House (No. 7) entitled "A joint resolution
' of the thanks of Congress and the presentauon of
I a medal to Captain Duncan N Ingraham," with
t an amendment, in which he was directed to ask
; the concurrence of-the Hou&e.
i On motion by Mr. WALBRTDGE, it was
I Ordered, That the petition and papers of James M.
■ French be taken from the table, and referred to the Com-
! nnttee on Invalid Pensions.
:j Mr. BENSON. An adverse report was made
!: to the House yesterday in the ease of Elijah Prye.
!■' It was afterwards discovered that a portion of the
papers had been referred to one member of the
'! committee, and the remainder to another member.
|i Neither made out a case. The papers considered
j| together, would, I think, make a good case, and £
