192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17.
It is allowed on all hands, that the primitive way of break-
ing eggs, before we eat them, was upon the larger end; but
his present majesty'sgraruliather, while he was a boy, going
to eat an egg, and breaking it according to the ancient prac-
tice, happened to cut one of Ins fingers. Whereupon the
emperor's father published an edict, commanding all his
subjects, upon great penalties, to break the smaller ends of
their eggs. The people so highly resented this law that,
our histories tell us, there have been six rebellions raised on
that account; wherein one emperor lost his life, and another
his crown. These civil commotions were constantly fo-
mented by the monarchs of Blefuscu; and when they were
quelled the exiles always fled for refuge to that empire. It
h computed that eleven thousand persons have, at several
times, suffered death, rather than submit to break their eggs
at the smaller end. Many nundred large volume* have been
published upon this controversy : but the books o f the Big-
Endians have been Ion* forbidden, and the whole party ren-
dered incapable by law of holding employment. During the
course of these troubles, the emperor.-- of Biefuscu did fre-
quently expostulate by their embassadors, accusing us of
making a schistn in religion by offending against a funda-
mehtal doctrine of our great prophet Liiatrosr, in the fifty-
fourth chapter of the. Blundecral, (which is their Alcoran.)
Thi«, however, is thought to be a mere strain upon the text;
for the words are these: that all true believers break their
eg^s at the convenient end. And which is the convenient
end, seems, in my humble opinion, to be left to every man's
conscience, or, at least, in the power of the chief magistrate
to determine. Now, the Bi^-Endian exiles have found so
much credit in the emperor ot Biefuscu's court, and so
much private assistance and encouragement from their
party here at home, that a bloody war has been carried on
between the two empires for six and thirty moons, with
various success: during whtoh time we have lost forty
capital ships, and a much greater number of smaller ves-
sels, together with thirty thousand of our best seamen and
soldiers; and the damage received by the enemy is reckoned
to be somewhat greater than ours. However, they have
now equipped a numerous fleet, and are just preparing to
make a descent upon us; and his imperial majesty, placing
greatconfidenee in your valor and strei.gth, has commanded
me to lay this account of his affairs betbre you."
From this history it will be seen that the State
was in great turmoil upon this question. One
party contended that, according to an old and an-
cient edict of the government, the people were
bound to break their eggs upon the small end. A
party, however, rose up on the other side, and
declared that, upon a more ancient law still—the
law of custom—the people had the right to break
their eggs upon the big end. The controversy was
called the Big-Endian, and the Little-Endian con-
troversy. It is said, in this history, that eleven
thousand persons fell, because they would not re-
linquish the right of breaking the egg upon the
small end.
It strikes me that the difference between the
"Hards" and the "Softs" is simply this—they
want to stone the President to death, and the
question is, is he a hard egg or a soft egg?
Mr. WHEELER, (interrupting.) In your
opinion.
<Mr. SMITH. It is so in my opinion; and I
hope that thegentleman who promised to make the
distinction between the "Hards" and the "Softs"
will take this opportunity to do it. I suppose the
people of the country are interested to know the
real distinction, and to know who are upon the
right side.
Mr. CUTTING rose to answer the question.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Will thegen-
tleman yield me the floor?
Mr. CUTTING. For what purpose?
Mr. PERKINS. In order to make a motion
that the committee rise, and the gentleman can
take the floor to-morrow.
Mr. CUTTING. I have now risen, Mr. Chair-
man, simply for the purpose of responding to the
invitation extended to me by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] who has just read us a
passage from Gulliver's Travels, from which he
infers that the " Softs," as well as the " Hards,"
are now endeavoring to stone the President, and
declares that he cannot distinguish between them.
There was a peiiod, very recent in the history of
this country, when gentlemen from the South did
not need to inquire who, at the North, were the
" Hards" that stood by them, through good report
and through evil report, at a time when the hurri-
cane of Free-Soilism was sweeping over the land,
as had never been seen before, or to profess to be
ignorant who they were who showed themselves,
at that critical period, true to the constitutional
rights of the States, true to the South, as the
South was true to itself. [Great applause.] I ask
was there any gentleman from a southern State
who then rose tn his place for the purpose of read-
ing Gulliver's Travels as a lecture and sneer ar
the North, for the purpose of disparaging those
true and faithful men who, under circumstances
that were enough to quail the stoutest heart, stood i
by the equal rights of the States, and insisted that
the people of each State and each Territory should
do what we do at the North-—govern themselves,
and regulate their own domestic affairs and insti-
tutions in their own way, and according to their
own best judgment?
In the brief time which has elapsed since then,
has the South already forgotten, now that the
danger is over, what that party was, and what
were the principles of those who stood by them—
who nailed their colors to the mast at a time when
the ship of State appeared to be upon the point of
settling and sinking? Did they then not know
who were the Haids ? But it seems it has already
escaped their attention who and what we were, '
and are. I regret it, Mr. Chairman, if the fact
be so. I would have preferred that this inquiry :
had come from the Representative of a colder
region. A blow from an enemy can be repelled ,
by a blow, but when it is inflicted by what was 1
believed to be a friendly hand, it wounds the heart, I
and it is difficult to heal an injury to that delicate ;
and sensitive organ. But it is true that what
we did in those trying times was not for the pur-
pose of currying favor with the South. We ad-
vocated the principles upon which we planted
ourselves, not for the purpose of gaining favor
anywhere, but simply because those principles
were the principles of State rights, upon which
we—the Hards—had always stood, which we ad-
vocated then, and stand by now. The party
of 1848, to whom allusion has been made, is a
party well known even in New Hampshire,
where, at one period, many of its present
so-calied "leaders" gave way and joined the
Free-Soil standard. Those of the Democrats
who have since then made a coalition with the
Buffalo leaders—they who now form a part and
parcel of the Van Buren party in the State of
New York, who left their own standard, aban-
doned their own friends, and for the sake of office
and patronage united with the Free-Soilers—these
men, who were in 1848 honestly and truly, if you
please, for General Cass, but who since have de-
serted for the purpose of preferment, have coa-
lesced with the Free-Soilers—they who now sus-
tain the Administration in New York, and the
Cabinet of General Pierce—these are the men
who are called "Softs." Does the gentleman
from Alabama begin to perceive the difference be-
tween the Hards and the Softs?
The "Softs" are the men who are led by the
somewhat celebrated son of a former President of
the United States; they are the men into whose
scale the influence of the sword of General Jack-
son was thrown at the lastNew-York election by
the legatee to whom it was bequeathed, (the pro-
prietor of the Union, and public printer;) who
threw that sword into the Van Buren scale to make
weight against the Hards. It was the first time
that good sword was ever employed tn a bad
cause, and the first time it ever failed to effect its
purpose. That gallant sword, ever before in the
hands of one of the truest patriots this country has
ever seen, was now drawn by its legatee, m order
to accomplish the purposes of those who at Buf-
falo, in 1848, had assailed the Constitution of the
United States, and the good blade proved, for the
first time, to be utterly powerless. Now, who are
the Hards of New Yoik? The men against whom
this weapon was used. Is the gentleman from
Alabama answered ? j
Mr. Chairman, in 1844, after Martin Van Buren 1
had been defeated m 1840, and when he yearned
ij again to be a candidate for the Presidency, Texas
! had applied for admission into the Union. When '
Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Clay came outagainst the !
doctrine of annexation, the pages of that glorious '
history will show that we—the Hards—were the i
men who refused to follow Mr. Van Buren, and
sacrificed our own political preferences for the !
purpose of standing with those who were in favor j
of the admission of Texas into the Union. This 1
difference of sentiment brought about a separation
of our party, as is well known to those who have
are the men who went into that presidential can-
vass with unflinching hearts, without any mental
reservations: who labored together for the success
of the Democratic candidates, and gained for them
the vote of the State of New York; which vote
carried Mr. Polk into the presidential chair.
We, the Hards, are the party which stood up
for Mr. Polk during his administration, and whose
support of William L. Marcy obtained for him
the place of chief of the War Department. Those
who were in favor of Martin Van Buren as the
Democratic candidate, and who were opposed in
heart to Mr. Polk, were dissatisfied; they growled
and* grumbled, and watched for an opportune
chance to overthrow the Democratic party of the
country. Does the member from Alabama be-
gin to remember now who the " the Hards" are?
The Hards are they who in 1848, when the
elements became convulsed, as far as the oppor-
tunity was afforded them, stood by their country.
It will be remembered that in the summer of that
year, two delegations were sent from the State o
New York to represent that State in the Balti-
more Convention. One of these, of that party to
which I belong, was headed by Daniel S. Dick-
inson. The other was led by Mr. Cambreleng.
Gentlemen are now here who were present on
that occasion, and can testify whether i correctly
state its history. The Committee on Credentials
reported a resolution requiring that each of the
delegations should pledge themselves, whatever
might be the result, to stand by the decision and
the action of the convention. Here you first see
this " wriggling in and wriggling out" that has been
so frequent since. Mr. Dickinson, m behalf of
the "Hards," declared that we would abide by the
action of the convention, whatever it might he. But
Mr.Cambreleng, representing the Softs, protested
that they would agree to no such proposition,
and proclaimed that they would remain open to do
as they pleased after the action of the convention
had been announced.
Under these circumstances the convention de-
termined, or was about to determine, that Mr.
Dickinson and "the Hards" should take their
seats as the rightful delegates to the convention.
The moment it was known that the decision of the
convention was, or would be, adverse to the pre-
tensions of the Softs, then they again resorted to
the same " wriggling in and wriggling out."
They declared they had not meant to decline sub-
muting their claims to the body, and desired to be
heard before the convention. The delegates
granted theirrequest, and listened to thearguments
made on both sides. Then commenced that un-
foitunate and disastrous process of temporizing;
and with probably an honest, but most ill-judged
expectation of harmonizing and uniting theaction
of the Democratic party of the State of Ney York,
the convention undertook to form a coalition—a
coalition ofopposite principles—whichmustal ways
fail, always has failed, and will most signally fail
now. They resolved to receive into the body the
Hards, and the disaffected Van Buren men, as
equally entitled to favor, and thus neutralized and
took away the vote of New York.
They admitted both of those two sets of dele-
gates—the one representing those who afterwards
went to Buffalo, and became the chief priests of
Free-Soilism; and the other, the " Hards," who
fought them and the Abolitionists to the bitter
end. Do you begin to know who the "Hards"are
now ?
After the convention had proceeded to ballot,
and after General Cass had received the nomina-
tion, our same Soft friends, who had " wriggled
in and wriggled out" so often, took up their°hats
and walked out of the convention, after having
been allowed to neutralize and disfranchise the
vote of the State of New York! After this auda-
cious piece of trickery and effrontery, they went
home, called a public meeting m the Park of the
city of New York, denounced the convention that
had received them, and resolved to hold a con-
vention at Utica, in opposition to that held in Bal-
; read the political history ofour State. From the day ii timore. They accordingly afterwards chose d'ei-
! when Mr. Van Buren took ground for excluding",:! elates, and met in Utica, and nominated Martin
i Texas from the United States, from that day the^Yan Bui en for Pi esidefit, and a respected Senator
j " Hards" of New York determined to go for a ;l from Wisconsin for Vice President. These
presidential candidate who was in favor of bringing - -
■ Texa* into the Union. The result was, that Mr. ■
, Van Buren was defeated at Baltimore, and Mr.
! Polk was nominated. ;
i We, who are called " the Hards" of New York, !
from Wisconsin for Vice
straight forward, honest, pluin-detilmg patriots
withheld, however, from their candidate for the
Vice Presidency any notification of his nomina-
tion, until, finally, after waiting in vain for an offi-
cial notice, he was compelled to come out in the
