GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 17, 1854.
New S&ri£s.m..No.
a letter accompanying the biil from the Postmas-
ter G-enerai, which shows beyond doubt that in
filling up the contracts, Glenn made a mistake
and put for the long route, and $300 for the
short one. That is very evident. He endeavored
to get a release, and notified the Department be-
fore he was required to execute the bonds, that he
had made a mistake; and he now asks that the bid
shall be corrected. This the Postmaster General
does not recommend, but he has no objection to
it. It was a clear mistake beyond all doubt, and
he deserves relief.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to direct
the Postmaster General to cause the account of
"Glenn, for carrying the mail from Raleigh to Rox-
borough, North Carolina, from July 1, 1851,
during the time he has been engaged, and to the
termination of his contract, to be settled and paid
in such a manner as to correct an alleged mistake
made in his proposals, if the Postmaster General
be satisfied of the existence of the mistake; but
the difference to be paid, with what he has already
leceived, is not to exceed the amount of the next
lowest bid, or $275 per annum for the performance
of the contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business. I am
satisfied that it will not detain us over five or ten
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and, after some
time spent therein, the doors were reopened.
GEORGETOWN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The bill of the Senate to incorpo-
rate the Georgetown Gas-Light Company has been
returned from the House with an amendment. If
there be no objection the Senate will proceed to
consider the amendment.
The amendment was to strike out the eleventh
section of the bill, and insert the following:
Sec 11. Jlnd be it further enacted ^ That ench of the
stockholders in the Georgetown Gas-Lieht Company shall
be hHd liable, m his or her individual capacity, for all the
debt* and liabilities of the said company, Imwevei con-
tracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit, «s oilier debts
and liabilities, before, the court, or nibunai having jiuiadic-
tjon of the c:w.
Sec. 12 Jind be it further enacted, That all the* rights
gianted to the Washington Gas Light Company, by an act
entitled "An actio amend an net entitle d ' An act to m-
eorpniate the Washington Gas-Light Company, approved
July 8} IMtf,' apptovtM Ausum 2. 1853," to lav gas mains
or pipes in the city of Georgetown, be, and the s^arne is
Jieiehy, repealed-
The amendment was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the resolution of the 94th of Januaiy
setting apart evtny Friday for the residue of the present
session for the consideration of private bills, be, and tile
same is hereby, rescinded.
CHILI ASTRONOMICAL EXPEDITION.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Printing he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of having primed for th«
u .e of the Senate, thousand copie-* of the observa-
tions of the United States agronomical expedition to Chili.
PAPERS RECOMMITTED.
On the motion of Mr. FOOT, the papers in the
case of Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones were recommitted
to the Committee on Pensions, together with ad-
ditional testimony, which he presented.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. With the consent of my
friend, 1 wish to submit a motion, that the Senate
go into Executive session again, i will explain
my reason when we get there.
ill
The motion was agreed to; and theSenate again
proceeded to the consideration of Executive bus-
iness.
After some time the doors were reopened.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. CHASE. There is a bill on the Calendar
for the relief of Isaac Swain. The Committee cn
Claims have carefully consideied it, and have
allowed him about one third of his claim. In
their report they are unanimous. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will consider it now.
Mr. ADAMS. The only objection I have to
that is, that I desire to dispose of the homestead
bill to-day, so that it may not be in the way of
other business next week, ami I do not think we
have more time left to-day than is necessary for
the proper disposition of that btii.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his motion, and let us take up the homestead
bill, and dispose of it to-day.
Mr. CEiASE. It will not take two minutes to
dispose of this hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and no quorum voted.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make a suggestion.
I wish to come to an understanding, if I can, with
the Senate, and I should feel obliged if Senators
would give me their attention for a few minutes.
I think i am authorized to say that there will be
no difficulty in agreeing; upon an adjustmentof the
homestead question which will be satisfactory to a
very large majority, and I hope to all, .of the Sen-
ate. It is, therefore, then, a question as to time.
If the Senate prefer that we shall take up the sub-
ject to-day, or on Monday, at half past eleven
o'clock, with the general understanding that on
that day we shall dispose of the question, I shall
be very glad to do so, and now either allow any
other business, of a private or a public character
to be disposed of at this time, or adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator will give
those who are uninitiated the grounds of the pro-
posed arrangement which will be satisfactory to
all.
Mr. STUART. I would say that it is substan-
tially a homestead provision, with the provisions
of the bill of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter.] I think that a very large majority of the
Senate, and, as Isaid,I hope everybody willagree
upon these provisions in substance. In the details
we may differ; but I hope we shall have no real dif-
ference m principle. It is substantially the provi-
sion of the homestead bill, with the graduation
principles of the bill of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not so understand
the provisions of the bill of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. If it is the homestead bill over again, I am
against it for one.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I did not know
that everybody would be for it. I said that I
hoped, and I might say 1 believed, a majority of
the Senate weie for it. But what I wish to settle
now is, simply the question of time—whether it is
the sense of the Senate to proceed with the sub-
ject to-day, or have a general understanding to
proceed with it to a vote on Monday.
Mr. BADGER. I think, with one modifica-
tion, we may agree to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator. I think that his suggestion to take up the
subject on Monday, and proceed with it till dis-
posed of, is fair and reasonable; but discussion
may arise which may make it inconvenient and
unreasonable to take the vote on that day. The
un lerstandmg may be that we shall take it up,
and, if it is not disposed of on Monday, proceed
with it on Tupsday.
M r. STUART. Of course, I intended my sug-
gestion to be with the qualification that we shall
have a vote as soon as possible.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
i say a word? It is right that I should recall to
I mind the fact, that I gave notice on a former day,
:> during the present week, that I should ask for an
|l Executive session on Monday, for the reason that
li we have Executive business of importance to act
upon. I reserve to myself a -right to make-.fihai;
motion. . : ; - - ,
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow metiy
say that all our public deliberations are subject to
the necessities of Executive sessions. With the
understanding that we shall tafce up-the subject on
Monday, I shall defer calling it up .to-day.
Mr. BROWN. 1 desire to say a word to the
Senator from Michigan before he takes his seat. •
The PRESIDING OFFCER. The motion
made by the Senator fiom Ohio is still pending-;
No quorum voted upon that motion. If there be
a quorum now present, the vote will be taken on
that proposition.
Mr. CHASE. As there seems to be an indis-
position to take up this bill to-day, and fotothe
purpose of accommodating myself to the evident
wishes of the Senate, and further, for the purpose
of aliowmg the Senator from Michigan tocometo
some understanding as to what is to be done with
the homestead bill, and hoping that the Senatewill
indulge mem the consideration of this very worthy
man'ts case on Monday, I withdraw m.y motion.
Mr. STUART. The Senatorfrom Mississippi
wished to make a suggestion to me. I shall be
glad to hear him.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to ascertain, if 1 can,
what we are about to agree upon; whether we are
coming to an understanding that we are to take
the bill introduced by the Senator from Virginia,
which the Senator proposes to offer as a substi-
tute for the present homestead bill, or whether we
are to take the homestead bill with the simple alter-
ation of the graduation clause in it?
I ask the question, because, if it be expected of me
that I am to tike the bill as introduced by the
Senator from Virginia as an entirety, I wish to
say to the Senator and others, that 1 shall have to'
consider that bill much more favorably than I have
done thus far, before it can get my vote. I have
very decided objections to it, and I do not want"to
come to any understanding that we are to take it,
Mr. STUART. All 1 mean to be understood
as saying is, that it is substantially the provisions
of the homestead bill, modified in its details to
some ex|^nt to meet the wishes of the Senate, with
the principle of the graduation bill of the Senator
from Virginia. This is the substantial provision
which we propose to try and agree upon.
Mr. CLAY TON. Mr. President, [ should like
to know what this agreement is, and who are the
parties to it? The Senator from Michigan has
announced to us that somebody or other has set-
tled the business for us; that we are to take the
homestead bill mixed in hotch-potch with the bill
of the Senator from Virginia.
I should like to know who settled that, and
upon what authority the Senator undertakes to
say that there is a large majority,or any majority
of the Senate, m favor of any of the provisions of
the homestead bill? I remain in utter ignorance
of it, and all around me that I can find, aie in the
same condition.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question now pending, therefore this discussion is
all out of otder.
Mr. BROWN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Michigan to move to take up the homestead
bill, and that will give hirn the opportunity to reply
to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. STUART. In order to reply to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, the
homestead biil.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. 1 now wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Delaware what I supposed I had said
very distinctly before. I do not mean tosay that
there is an arrangement entered into by anybody
upon this question, that is reduced to a certainty.
I only meant to state that, from a very genera!
conversation with Senators, I believed a very large
majority in the Senate could agree upon the sub-
stantial provisions to which 1 alluded.
Mr. CLAYTON. What are they?
Mr. STUART. The homestead bill, probably
