904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands,
so as to bring- them into market.
Mr. BISSELL. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by substituting for the words " one dollar,5'
in th* fifth and sixth lines, the words •* ninety
cents-."
1 think that there never was a wiser proposition
with regard to the public lands, presented to Con-
press, than that embraced in this seventh section.
Jt is n^t a new proposition, but has been often
urged upon the country by our wisest Statesmen,
and tho.se best acquainted with the operations of
our land system. It is well known that heretofore
the public lands have been grasped by Congress
with a strong and tight hand, or else this policy
would have been defeated long ago. Does a not
approach very near to absurdity for the Govern-
ment to sell all these Hnds, of whatever quality,
however or wherever situated, at the same price?
Does any private individual act in that way, let
his property be what it may?
Bat we are informed that the fact of these lands
having been in market for a long time and unsold
is conclusive evidence that they are less valuable
than the othe <?. That is not the argument which
some of my friends have used in this Hail on
other questions. We have insisted that when
lands have been in maiket for ten, twenty, or
thirty years, ir. is well for the Government to dis-
pose of them in some way, though at a much less
price than $125 per acre. I still adhere to that
opinion. Why, Mr. Chairman, I think, besides,
that that is the very way to test the value of these
lands. If these shrewd men who desire lands for
speculation or for cultivation have rambled over
the territory for twenty or thinv years, selecting
here and rejecting there, and have left this tra^t
unsold for forty odd years, it is the best possible
evidence that, for some reason or other, th,at partic-
ular region is less valuable than others.
Again, sir, we are told that this is the beginning
of a system which is to deprive the Government
of alt benefit from the public lands. 1 was some-
what surprised to hear that objection coming from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr'. Disney ] Here-
tofore he and I have urged upon this House the
propriety of appropriating lands for the benefit
of railroads, on the ground that the Government
loses nothing by if, inasmuch as the alternate le-
served sections were doubled in price. And I have
urged that position honestly, ns I believe the gen-
tleman from Ohio has urged it, and f have voted
accordingly. $ut what did we see here the other
day in connection with this subject? After we
had voted millions and millions of acres of the
public lands for railroad purposes, mainly upon
Ilia? ground, a bill came in here proposing to give
to all the actual setters on the reserved sections
the right to enter their land at $1 25 per acre, the
old price; and my friend from Ohio, who is now
so much alarmed on account of the public lands,
voted for that measure.
Mr. DISNEY". The gentleman from Tilinoisis
mistaken. I did not vote in favor of that bill.
Mr. BISSELL. I beg pardon. The gentle-
man from Ohio s?\ys he did not vote for the bill
referred to. So far I stand corrected.
But, Mr. Chairman, there was another propo-
sition before the House, which proposed, not to
sell for a dollar, or fifty cents, or twenty-five cents,
land to actual settlers, or to any others, but abso-
lutely to give to every man who chooses to take
possession of it one hundred and sixty acres of
land. .Now, Mr Chairman, is it not a matter of
surprise, after we have voted for a proposition
like that, to hear it asserted tha' 'his bill, which
proposes to fix the prices of the pu bhc lands more
neatly in accordance with their va. o than these
prices now are, is a measure which would infhct a
loss on the General Government?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. D'SNRY. I would like to meet the gen-
tleman from Illinois in every point connect'd with
this matter. ] have studied it, sir, in ail its as-
pects and in all its hearings, and I am confident
that I can satisfy the House and the country that
such a hill as this before us is entirely wrong in
principle.
Mr. Chairman, when I was broken off before
in my remarks, I was reading a document which
js a full answer to the friends of the measure. 1
■will have it read now 
Mr. COBB, (interrupting ) T think we had
better give the gentleman from Ohio half an hour
to finish what he has to say on the subject. We
might as well do so, and it would be more satis-
factory to the whole of us.
Several Members. Yes; give him half an
hour.
Some, however, objected.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, the document
which 1 was on the point of reading at the expir-
ation of my time is itself an answer to the argu-
ments of the gentleman from Illinois, |Mr. Bis-
sell.] That document shows that in 1828 there
were fifty millions of acres of the public lands un-
sold, which had remained in market for a long
period of time, and winch were estimated then by
the Land Office at the value of $20,700,000. And
yet, in 1840, only twelve yeaia subsequently to
the date of this statement nineteen millions two
hundred and seventeen thousand six hundred and
forty-one of these same fifty millions of acres—
barely exceeding one third of the quantity—had
been sold, and yet this one third of the quantity
brought $24,053,032—$4,090,000 more than the
whole fifty millions of acres hnd been estimated
at in 1828. This document of itself, then, is an
answer to the aigument of the gentleman from
Illinois.
1 repeat again, this document establishes the
fact that the fact of land having remained a long
time in market unsold, is no evidence of the want
of value, on want of fertility in the soil. Various
other circumstances enter into the result, and de-
termine the value of these different parcels of the
public domain. The general improvement of the
country and the increase of the settlements are to
be taken into account. Why, it may be that a
poor, barren, and sterile soil may become valuable
on account of the building materials upon it, which
are called into use by the increasing demand for
them as the country fills up. It may be that the
very pooiest soils may be enhanced in value
twenty-fold by reasons of improvements which
may be made in their vicinity, as has been the
case in neighborhoods wheie railroads have been
run, or aie proposed to be run. A gentleman the
|i other day mentioned a case in reference to land
ii within his own knowledge, in the vicinity of
\\ which a railroad had been located, which land
previously could not have been sold for fifty cents
an aci e, but cannot now be bought for twenty five
dollars an acre. Such instances ate not rare.
Again, look at the absui dity of the policy. Year
after year you are surveying and throwing into
the maiket for sale three times the quantity of
public lands which can, by any possibility, be
taken up by the demand of the country. Your
measure of policy is to make the supply greater
than the demand; and consequently, as a matter
of necessity , you will always have a large surplus
of land on hand unsold, arid uhiehhas been in
maiket a considfiable period of time for want of
a purchaser. And yet while pursuing this policy
of throwing upon the market a superabundance of
land each and every year, you, at the same tune,
propose to adopt a policy which will reduce the
price of this land after it has been m market a
short time. You over-supply the market, and so
keep it, and th<n upon that the excess is not sold,
because it is of less value than the part sold.
if it be the true policy of the country to reduce
the price of these lands, as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Duniiam,] stop your
present policy of surveying large additional por-
tions of the public domain, and throwing that
upon the market. The two systems aie incom-
patible, and cannot work in harmony. Arrest
the extension of your settlements, and then you
will be able to dispose of the unsold land in the
older districts.
I repeat, while you are continuing to inundate
the market with a supply of the public domain
largely exceeding the demand, it is absurd to adopt,
upon the other* hand. a policy which will reduce
the price of those lands* after they have been in
maiket a short period of time.
Again, take thp case of my own State. There
are two hundred thousand actesof land lemaining
unsold in that State, as good in quality, if not far
better, than much of the land in the western States,
and readily sought by purchasers. These lands
have been in market for twenty to thirty years;
and according to 'his bill they would have to be
offered for sale at from twelve and a half to twen-
ty-five cents per acre.
Mr, DUJNHAM here obtained the floor.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow me to make a single remark?
Mr. DUNHAM. I will.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 find, by consulting the rec-
ord which is before me, that upon the proposition
to reduce the price of these reserved lands from
$2 50 to $1 25 per acre, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is recorded as voting in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. DISNEY. I can only say in reply, if I
am so recorded, I never intended to give any such
vote.
Mr. BTSSELL. However that may be, here
is the record, and there is the gentleman.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to amend by striking
outgone dollar," and inserting ** eighty cents."
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. 1 ask the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana to allow me to make an ex-
planation ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I have no time to spare out
of my five minutes; but I will -yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. PERKINS. I desire to say a word in
relation to the bill on which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Bissell] said the gentleman from
Ohio had voted in the affirmative That was a
bill, if 1 understand it, applying only to lands in
Arkansas upon the borders of the State of Louis-
iana.
Mr. BISSELL. It applies to all persons living
on these reserved sections.
Mr. PERKINS. The principles of the bill
mav be general in their application.
IVIr. BISSELL. They are.
Mr. DUN HAM. 1 am compelled to claim the
floor. Mr. Chairman, I do not suppose what I
iiave to say will change the course of a single
member of this committee in reference to this bill;
but, nevertheless, it seems to me thar the remarks
made by the gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Disney]
require that some explanation should be given to
the members from the older States.
Now, it is very true that some of these lands,
which have been in market for many years, are
finally sold out at the Government price. But I
have in my mind tracts of land in the district
which I had the honor to renresent in the last Con-
gress, and in the district which I have the honor
to represent now, which have remained in maiket
twenty, thirty, and some of them forty years, and
which yet remain unsold. They have been taken
up in small quantities, year after year, but large
tracts in my district still remain unsold; and at the
Government price of $1 25 an acre, perhaps will
not be taken up for twenty years to come.
Now, suppose the prices of these lands had been
reduced twenty years ago; or suppose some such
system as is now proposed in this bill had been
adopted, some of them would have been taken up
immediately, most of them would have been taken
up ten years ago, and but very few would now re-
main unsold; and these lands which have, for
thirty or forty years remained an uncultivated
waste, would have been cultivated and settled.
Would it not have been much better, not only for
the district of country in which the lands lie, but
much better, also, for the interests of the General
Government, that they should have been sold at a
reduced price, and the revenues arising therefrom
put into the public Treasury, and appropriated to
defray the expenses of the Government for the
last twenty or thirty years, rather than that they
should have remained a wilderness, as they are
now ?
1 will tell you how it is that these lands are
taken up at all now. There are farmers who have
large farms with but little timber upon them, and
find it desirable to add land containing timber,
although it may be uncultivatable, and so a few
acres are in this way taken up. Oi perhaps some
railroad or a canal is built in the vicinity, and in
this manner lands which were before worthless,
become valuable in consequence of the improve-
ments. Now, would it not have been much bet-
ter if, instead of waiting for these improvements
to be made, the price of these lands had been re-
duced twenty or thhty years ago, so that they
would have been taken up, thereby giving you
not only the use of the proceeds of their sale, but
by their settlement, increasing your revenue by
increasing the commerce of the country ? By such
course these improvements might have been made
fifteen or twenty years sooner. I submit to you
whether it is good policy for the Government to
