1762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
with a price added to the land—a bill containing
the possessory clause of five years, the patent to
be received at the end of that time; with a qualifi-
cation of persons, something in this wise: that if
persons take lands under the homestead provision
in a State, they must be such as are, or shall be,
by the laws of the State, entitled to hold land in
it; and in respect to the Territories such persons
as are entitled now, by existing laws, to preemp-
tions.
Mr. CLAYTON. What price to be paid for
the land !
Mr. STUART. . A graduated price, such as is
indicated in the bill of the Senator from Virginia:
one dollar an acre for lands which have been in
the market five years or more, seventy-five cents
for those which have been in the market ten years
or more, fifty eents for those that have been in
market for fifteen years and more, and twenty-
five cents for those that have been in market
twenty years or more.
Mr. CLAYTON. Do you call that a home-
stead bill?
Mr. STUART. That is a graduation bill. I
have now stated all that I meant.
Mr. DIXON. 1 believe there will be no agree-
ment made here this evening on this question, and
therefore I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July XT, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Henn.J on last Monday, to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of reporting from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands Senate bill No.11, making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa m alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain lail-
roads in said State.
OTHO H1NT0N.
Mr. CORWIN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution, for j
the purpose of reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to release the bond or recognir.anee given
for the appearance of Otho llinton, now in Mtittn the cir-
cuit court of the tinned States for the district ot Ohio, and
to dismiss said suit, on payment of all the co.its by the de-
fendant, and upon Rich turther condition, if any, as under
the circumstances he may deem equitable.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. COIi WIN. I move to suspend the rules in
order that 1 may introduce it.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now pend-
ing to suspend the rules, and it can only be done
by unanimous consent.
On motion by Mr. DA.VIS, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That he have leave to withdraw t'iom tin- files
of the Hou-ethe petition and papers of William \Vkeatlev,
in order that they may be returned to him.
THE LOPEZ EXPEDITION.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he
requested, if not inconsistent with the public interests, to
communicate, at his earliest convenience, to fhi?- Hous>e,
the correspondence between this Government and our Min-
ister at the Spani&h court, m relation to the Lopez expe-
dition, and the persons engaged therein.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LILLY". I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the consideration of a private
bill, that it may be put upon its passage.
Mr. EASTMAN. I object.
Mr. ELLISON. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has been given, solely for the pur-
pose of reference.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the regular order
of business.
.Mr. McNAIR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduces resolution for the pur-
pose of reference.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen upon both
of the House notify the Chair that they will ob-
ject to everything out of order. The question now
pending is upon the motion made by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Henh,] to suspend the
rules for the purpose of reporting back Senate bill
" making a grant of land to the State of iowa, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in that State."
Mr. PERKINS. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were-—yeas
70, nays 70; as foliows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Banks, Bennett, Benton,
Breckinridge, liuga, Caipenter, Chandler, Chastam, Clark,
Chngrnan, Cohh, Cook, John G. Davis, Thomas Davi*,
Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Eastman, Edmands, Ev-
erhart, Farley, Greenwood, s5atnp*on W. flairis, Hemi,
Houston, Hughes, Hunt, Knox, Lamb,Lnuiley,MacdoiiAld,
McMnllm, Macy, Mnttesori, Maurice, Maxwell, Maya)!,
Middle&warth, John G. Miller, Noble, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peckham, Phelps, Phillip?. Piatt,
Pruigle, Keese, Sabm, Seward, William R. Smith, Geoige
W. Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Ste-
vens, Stratton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, (Jpham,
Wall'iidge, Elhhu B. Wa-hburne, John Wentworth, Tnp-
pan Wentwoitb, Weatbrook, Daniel B. Wright, and flen-
duck ft. Wright—70.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Ball, Hclcher, lloyce,
Campbell, Cham bei lain, Church well, Cor win, Cox, Craige,
Crocker, Curtis, Cutting, Disney, Eddy, Rdgerion,Thomas
f). Eliot, Ellison, Fen ton, Fiaukim, Gfdili'ig>, Green,
Grow, Aaron [lailan, Andrew J. Ilmlan. ll.iiiwm, Has-
ting*, Haven, Hill, Hillyor, Johnson, Daniel T. Jonc-*,Keii,
Kittiedge, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Macc, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, OUI-=,
Parker, Bishop Perkins, Ready, David Ritchie, Ruffiri,
Russell, Sapp, Shaw, Shower. Simmons, Skdton, William
Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John
J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Ttoiu, Vansant, Wade, Wal-
U y, Walsh, Wells, and Zolhcofier—70.
So two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
EFFICIENCY OF TIIE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to report from the
Committee on Military AfTans, with a view to put
upon their passage, the two following bills of the
Senate:
S. No. 119. An act to regulate the pay and in-
crease the elTiciency of the Army of the United
Stales, and for other purposes; and
S. No. 120. An act to promote the efficiency of
the Army by retiring disabled ofKceis.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to ask my colleague
whether his purpose is to have these bills put upon
their passage now?
Mr. FAULKNER. That is my object.
Mr. EASTMAN". I object. *
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the put pose.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Can we not
have the bill read for information. I want to
j know what its provisions are.
1 The SPEAKER. The titles of the bills have
■ been read. That is the usual course. One of
■ them is veiy long.
Mr. PERKINS. What I want to know is,
whether it is the number of troops that is to be
increased, or the pay of the soldieiy.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would remaik, in reply
to the gentleman from New York, that neither of
these bids proposes to increase the number of re-
giments. The object of one of them is to in-
crease the pay of the rank and file, as well as of
the officers*, and the other is to establish a retired
list in the Army; both of which measures are
deemed essentia! to the efficiency and good organ-
ization of the Army.
j Mr. COBB, i wish to have the bill read, i
may want to vote for it.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual to have a
bill read on, a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB. Well, 1 may want to vote for it,
and how can ! do so intelligibly until I have heard
it read ?
The SPEAKER. The nsupl course is to an-
nounce the character of the bill by its title, and
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB. As I paid the other day, the title
does not always cover everything.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that as a matter of right the gentleman from Ala-
bama can insist on the reading of the nil!.
Mr. COBB. Then I suppose I have a right to
read the bill myself while the vote is being taken.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of j i
introducing and putting upon their passage the
two bills.
Mr. COBB. Is it usual to take a vote upon the
introduction of two bills at once?
The SPEAKER. It is not common to do so.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call, then,
for a division of the question.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. It is
in the power of this body to suspend its own rules
for any purpose it chooses; and the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia is designed to enable him
to introduce and act upon the two bills.
Mr. JONES, of New York. 1 would inquire
if it is competent to introduce two bills at once?
The SPEAKER. That is not proposed to be
done.
Mr. JONES. I supposed it was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that it is competent for the House to suspend
the rules, or otherwise to make two bills, or a
number of bills, the special order for a week, or
for two days, as was done in the case of the ter-
ritorial bills. The Chair has no doubt about the
rule upon the subject, and it is in order to move
to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated by
the gentleman from Viigiuia.
Mr. FAULKNER. I demand the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
90, nays 64; as follows; •
VEA8—Messrs. Ahcrcrombip, David J. Bailev, Thomas
II. B<tvly, Banks, Belcher, Hieckmridffe, Biigg, Carpenter,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Church well, Claik,Clingman, Col-
quilt, Cnrtis, Cutting, John G. Davi«, Dick, Diwy, Dow-
doll, Eddy, Edgerton, Kdmund-ou, Ellison, Farley, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Floience, Franklin, Gieen. Greenwood,
Sampson W Hai rw, Henn, Hi liver, Hughes Roland Jones,
Kent, Kerr, Lamb, Lindiev, i,ind<Iey, McDougall, Mc-
Nair, Mammon, Maxwell, May, MiddlWwarth, Morrison,
NichoK, Noble, Andrew Oliver. Orr, Packer, Peokham,
fii?>hop Perkins, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Predion,
Purvear, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas- Ri'ehey,
Rohbms, Ru^ell, ^abin, «haw. Shower, Willi,tin R Smith,
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H Stan-
r<in, flo^tor L. Stevens, Straub, John J. Taylor, John L.
Tayloi, Thurston, Trout. Vail, Vansant, Walley, WaNh,
lsiael Washburn, Well-, Tapp m Wentworfh, Wcstbmok,
Witte, Dainel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—90
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Beaton, Boyoe, Campbell. Cobb,
Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Thomas Davis, Dent, Dickm-on,
Eastman, Edmand*, Thomas D. Eliot, English, Flagler,
Guidmgs, Good**, Grow. Aaion Harlan, IIam«on, Hastings,
Hill, llottsion, Daniel T. Jones, Kitfredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Letchei, McCulloch, Macdonald, McMullin, McQueen,
Mace, Macy. Maurice, Mayall, Million, Moijran, Mm ray,
Norton, Parker, Phelps, Pringle, Ready, Rogers, Rowe,
Rtifiin, Sapp, Simmons, Skekon, William Smith, Straiton,
Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Upham, Wade,
Walbridge, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne, John Weutworth,
Wheeler, Yates, and Zolhcofier—C4.
S'o two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
DUNKIRK A PORT OF ENTRY, ETC.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce a bill creating a new collection district
in the State of New York, to be called the district
of Dunkirk, and to constitute Dunkirk a port of
entry. My object is to put the bill upon us pas-
sage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to report it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Fekton's
motion; and there were, upon a division—ayes
114, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
An amendment in the nature of a substitute
was reported by the Committee on Commerce,
making the counties of Cattaraugus and Cha-
tauque, and the harbors, rivers, and waters on the
southern shore of Lake Erie, in the Slate of New
York, west of, and including Cattaraugus Creek,
and the shores on each side of said creek, and
west along the shore and territory bordering Lake
Erie aforesaid, to the Pennsylvania State line, and.
the islands in the said lake contiguous thereto,
heietofore embraced in the district of Buffalo
Creek, a collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Dunkirk. It also makes the port of Dun-
kirk a port of entry for said district, and the ports
of Barcelona, SilverCreek,and Cattaraugus Creek,
ports of delivery.
The second section provides for the appointment
