194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
measures, who took the initiative in preparing the
resolutions. Two or three other gentlemen, whose
names are equally withheld from general notorie-
ty who had zealously opposed the great meas-
ures of 1850, associated themselves with the one
who undertook to originate the resolutions. It is
now revealed, as a part of the secret history of
that day, that every word of the platform, as
respects the slavery questions, was handled and
weighed, and such expressions as might shock any
nervous brethren were thrown aside, and the
resolutions were manipulated until nothing was re-
ported except such as evaded any approbation of
the compromise resolutions, and simply acquiesced
therein—they were merely submitted to !
The Buffalo Free-Soilers, and all their asso-
ciates, jumped nimbly upon this platform, and
"acquiesced" in, but did not approve of the
compromise. The election was scarcely over,
when we found one gentleman, who was nominated
at Buffalo bv the Free-Soilers, and by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] and his friends
as the Free-Soil candidate for Governor of New
York, in 1848, was currently spoken of for a Cab-
inet office, and finally was rewarded with the
office of Sub-Treasurer in the city of New York.
Another conspicuous gentleman was placed in the
post office of that city, and another selected for
surveyor of the port. When it was found that the
post offices in the State of New York were filled
by the Free-Soilers of Buffalo, many of the " old
guard" stood in amazement and wonder, to
know what was the cause and occasion of these
remarkable appointments.
11 was said that this amnesty of 1852 made Free-
Soilers of 1848 as worthy of confidence and re-
ward as the old guard, who had never swerved.
It is upon that principle the Administration has
been conducted. It is idle to deny that this course
of policy disgusted the soundest men of the party.
They had never worked quietly in harness with
those men, who have since been so busy in crush-
ing out the Democratic party of New York.
A high Cabinet officer, (the Attorney General,)
it is said, was found, at the last election in our
State, throwing his weight against us. The same
learned gentleman has been recently engaged in
crushing out in Massachusetts. We were not sur-
prised at that, for we knew that for twenty-five
years he had been doing nothing but trying to
crush out the Democratic party throughout the
country; and when he got an office of influence
and power, we were not surprised that he turned
his efforts against the " old guard" of New York.
We were not amazed that that gentleman, who
had been engaged in crashing out the Democratic
party all his life, should keep his hand in by at-
tempting to crush out all that was left of the De-
mocracy in New York—the "old guard." The
past political history of that gentleman is authen-
tically written upon the Journals of this House;
which show that for a long series of years he was
in the van of those who made themselves conspic-
uous by their constant and zealous opposition to
all the leading measures of the Democratic party,
and to the party itself. He is now carrying on
the same war against the Hards ot New York,
under the auspices of the Administration.
When they found these appointments made,
it was discovered that they were upon the point of
being eaten up—of being exhausted—of being
anti-nationalized—of being abolitionized by this
fatai coalition; and they became disheartened. 1
care not for myself, personally, whether gentle-
men from the South now repudiate the rank and
file of the North that stood by them during then-
darkest hours. I do not believe that the South
itself, in fact, does repulse us.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. We do not.
Mr. CUTTING. I love the gallant people of
the South, and I have every reason to love them.
My nearest and closest connections are with them.
My children look to their relatives there as being
as near and closely allied to them in blood ns their
relatives by their father's side are in the North;
and I therefore love the South too well not to hope
that in the main, when they get at the truth, they
are and will be with us, and that they will recog-
nize those as their friends who were such when
they stood m need of friends. I speak for my-
self, and those who associate with me, in saying
that nothing you can do at the South can alter
the settled principles that we entertain in regard
to the rights of the States; and when the conflict
comes wJiich may put in hazard those rights,you
will find that the Hards will be where they have
always been. I will venture another prediction,
that there will be no questions then asked as to
"svho the Hards are?"and there will be no refer-
ence to works of fiction for the purpose of casting
a sarcasm upon the reliable, the sound, steadfast,
and honest friends of the equal rights of the
States.
In an evil hour, and through the misjudgment
of many who were sincere in their expectations,
the coalition I have alluded to was formed in New
York. What coalition formed like it ever stood ?
You have many examples in history, and among
them you will remember that of Fox and Lord
North, the Minister of George III., men of oppo-
site principles—the one the enemy, and the other
the friend of this country. These two leaders co-
alesced in order to obtain power, and brought their
party together into a coalition; how long did it
stand? Of what good was it capable? and what
did it do ? Nothing but to destroy the reputation
and blemish the character of one of the noblest
statesmen that Great Britain ever produced. Co-
alitions are always corrupt. _ They stand upon
no principle except that which is derogatory to
human nature. The principle of coalition is, to
take men of opposite principles and views and
to band them together—like Swiss hired for the
occasion—for the purpose of carrying a given cam-
paign, with the hope of plunder and reward stim-
ulating them to united exertion.
This Administration is conducted upon the prin-
ciples of a coalition, and you can make nothing
else of it. When I see a coalition formed between
Buffalo Free-Soilers and men of opposite princi-
ples; when 1 find men who have been the con-
stant enemies of the Democratic party taken and
elevated to places in the Government; can I call
it anything less than a clear and palpable coalition
of opposite extremes, cemented by nothing but the
hope of present reward, and the absurd hope that
they can form of this coalition an Administration
party—a Pierce party—to renominate the present
Executive, and to keep him and his friends in
office? That seems to be the notion. The ten-
dency of all these acts and appointments points un-
mistakably in that direction. It seems to be the idea
that this coalition, which has thus far succeeded,
can succeed in crushing out forever all opposition
to their designs; that by getting friends into power
they can succeed in creating a party by which
they can renominate the present incumbent, carry
the next presidential election, and retain in office
all the incumbents, high and low. Let me say to
them that there never was a time, unless it was the
result of an accident, and where some great pub-
lic exciting question was presented with which the
Administration was identified, and upon which the
views and feelings of the people were greatly en-
listed, when such a scheme succeeded. This occa-
sion will not, in my opinion, be an exception to
the rule.
I have been led into these prolonged observa-
tions, without having had the least idea of address-
ing this committeee upon the present occasion; and
it was only because the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Smith,] for whom I entertain a sincere re-
gard, who I observed the other day, though
standing alone, had the manliness and independ-
ence to "announce his opinion in reference to the
Koszta case;—1 say it was only when that gentle-
man, who had thus gained my esteem, asked a
question, that I, believing his motives to be good,
and that he desired, in good faith, the information
1 for which he asked, have volunteered these obser-
! vations.
j But I believe I have already exhausted the
patience of the commit'ee, and I will therefore
close with the request that what I have said shall
I not be considered by the House as a consumption
of thetime of the gentleman from Alabama, but as
a sort of interlocutory proceeding.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. The debate which
! I commenced rather playfully has taken so serious
| a turn that it becomes me to reply, to some extent,
I to the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
i [Mr. Cutting.] Now, sir, when I asked the
! gentleman from New York, over the way, [Mr.
[ Walsh,] to tell me the difference between "Hards"
! and "Softs," I sincerely desired that his reply
! should go out with his speech,for the information
1 of the country; and I am glad that the honorable
I gentleman from New York nearest to me [Mr.
Cutting] has taken so much pains to make this
response, because I believe that the country really
desires the information. The question is, whether
the country will take it as the gentleman has
given it.
Now, I understood the gentleman, in the be-
ginning of his remarks, to admit that he entered
into the coalition by which General Pierce was
elected President of the United States.
Mr. CUTTING, (interrupting.) No, I said no
such thing. 1 was alluding to the coalition in
New York, and not to the proceedings at Balti-
more in 1852, when I was not present. 1 did all
that any one possibly could do to prevent it.
When it was formed, when it was under way, I
said, try the experiment fairly; and I gave it sup-
port until the party broke at Syracuse in Septem-
ber last; and then, when it broke, I fell back,
where I would go naturally, with my old friends.
Was it to be supposed that when the party broke
1 should fall in with those whom 1 had all along
been opposing to the best of my ability? Does
the gentleman from Alahama now know the dif-
ference between the Hards and the Softs?
Mr. SMITH, (resuming ) The question may
arise "Who broke the party?" and it may be a very
important question. The gentleman admits that
he clungto the coalition which he now denounces;
but he says that when the parly broke, he deserted
that coalition. Now, the question is, who broke
the party ?
Mr. CUTTING. That is another question
which I will answer when I get an opportunity,
or to which one of my colleagues, whoever may
obtain the floor, will answer.
Mr. SMITH. This brings me seriously to
consider the state of New York Democratic poli-
tics, so to speak, now, and for the last twenty
years. The gentleman dwelt long and seriously
upon the question of spoils. Now, you must well
know, sir, that when the leaders of the Demo-
cratic party in New York go into coalitions, form
combinations, and determine to carry_the State,
they always do it; they have never failed yet to
do it.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from Alabama give way for a mo-
tion that the committee do now rise?
Mr. SMITH. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. It is getting late, and
I therefore move that this committee do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Our] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the following bills, which they had
instructed him to report back to the House with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
they do pass.
House bill (No. 50) "making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
for the year ending June 30, 1855;" and
House bill (No. 47) " making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending June 30, 1855."
And that the committee had also'had under
consideration, House bill (No. 49) "to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 3U, 1854;" and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust that the gentleman
will withdraw his motion until the bills, which
have just been reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, are ordered
to be engrossed, read a third time,and passed. It
will take but a few minutes to do so.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the invalid pension appropriation bill to
be engrossed and lead a third time.
Mr. LILLY. This is an important bill, involv-
ing the expenditure of a large amount of money,
and ought to be acted upon with a full House. I
therefore move lhat the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COBB. 1 rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which certain pro-
positions in reference to the combination of rail-
