196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
millions of acres of the public lands- The lands
gi anted for this purpose, it is true, have been
generally ■contiguous to the roads they were in-
tended to aid, and always within the limits of the
States through which the roads were located. But
although within the States, these lands were as
much the property of the United States as if they
had been outside of the State boundaries; and the
members of the corporations to which they have
been granted are frequently the residents of other
States than those through which the improvements
pass.
I am aware, Mr. President, that a distinction
has been attempted to be drawn in favor of the
grants to improvements in the new States. But
this distinction has no foundation, either injustice
or equity. The distinction attempted to be drawn,
consists of the alleged fact, that the United States
not only lose nothing by granting, as they do, the
alternate sections for purposes of improvement
■within the States, but that, on the contrary, they
become gainers by the increased facility of selling
the reserved sections, and the appreciation which
takes place in their price. This is plausible; but
there is something sophistical in the argument. If
these improvements, for whose benefit the lands
are granted, were constructed by the companies
which own them, from their own resources, the
lands contiguous to them would rise in price, and
trade and commerce receive all the stimulating
effects that are erroneously supposed to be the re-
sult of the Government grants';
It is sometimes said that works of internal im-
provement in the new States would stand still for
want of means to carry them on unless Govern-
ment should aid them with grants of land, such as
many of them have received, it is, no doubt, in
a measure, true, that some of these improvements
wiight not have been constructed but for the aid
afforded by Government. But how man*/ works
of internal improvement in the old States have
been deferred for want of adequate means to carry
them on? Government aid is" as necessaiy m the
old States as in the new ones; for it is not true, as
we are sometimes told, that the new Suites are
too poor to make interna! improvements without
theaid ofGovernment. Almostall thenew States
are in the enjoyment of unexampled prosperity,
possessing resources in the fertility of their soil
which are unequaled in the older States. But
this is not all. Even independently of the grants
of land which they have received from the Gov-
ernment, the new States have, in most instances,
made the capital of the citizens of the old States
tributary to their enterprises of internal improve-
ment. Scarcely one of the great improvements in
the western States but has enlisted theaid of east-
ern capitalists in its construction. The effect of
these grants is, therefore, to swell the revenues of
the stockholders in our eastern cities, who are
largely interested in most of these enterprises.
But to return to the argument, that a distinction
favorable to the new States exists in the fact that
the Government is fully indemnified for the lands
granted to them, by the enhanced price of the
leseived sections. Let this be conceded, and
what does it amount to ? The lands giunled are
for that reason none the less a gift to the compa-
nies engaged in making the improvements; and
such gift is made at the expense of the purchasers
of the lands, who are thereby compelled to pay a
double price for them. These improvements, it
is true, enhance both the lands and their products,
by opening a cheaper road to better markets; but
this effect is produced by railroads and canals in
the old States as well as the new. What would
be the advantages of the railroads and canals of
Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, and other
new States, in comparison with what they are,
were it not for similar improvements in the old
States, through which their surplus products are
poured into the laps of the cities on the sea-
boaid ?
The railroads and canals of In ew York, Penn-
sylvania, and Massachusetts are scarcely less
productive of benefit to the people of the States
which I have mentioned, than to the people of
the States through which they pass. And will
it be pretended that the improvements in the old
States do less to promote the prosperity, and in-
crease the wealth, power, and security of the
whole country, than similar improvements in the
fkWTT°"eSj'?ct ^ ^ey nofc' argument that
the United States are more benefited by a grant
of lands to the new States than to the old ones, is
fallacious.
The truth is, when rightly told, that the doub-
ling of the price of the alternate sections, as is now
the practice, is a tax upon the people of the coun-
try for the benefit of the railroad corporations,
which are the grantees of the lands. It is time that
this fallacy should be exploded; and the people
made to understand that these grants, which the
clever ingenuity of our western friends has made
them believe were a benefit to the country, are,
when rightly understood, a tax upon themselves.
And, Mr. President, is there not something in
this policy inconsistent, with the idea now so
prevalent in the country, that it is the duty of
Congress to provide free farms for the people?
There is no sort of harmony between the legisla-
tion which increases the price of one portion of the
public lands, whilst it proposes to make gratuitous5*
concessions of another.
I have no objection whatever to grant lands to
aid in making improvements calculated to increase
the wealth, power, and prosperity of the country.
But while we give lands to railroads, let ijs not sell
them to the people at a double price. Let us also
be just. Concede as much to the new States as
you please; but, in doing so, do not refuse to deal
with equal liberality to the old ones, at the expense
of whose blood and treasure the lands you are
giving away were acquired.
The other purpose for which the proposed grant
is made is one of such obvious public utility as to
need no argument to enforce it. It is, as I have
stated already, to establish and endow a school
for the gratuitous education of female teachers.
The merit of this suggestion belongs to an accom-
plished lady, Mrs. Sarah J. Hale, and is one
which I am sure will commend itself to every lib-
eral and patriotic mind. When the bill comes
befoie the Senate for its action, I will use my priv-
ilege as a Senator in pointing out its advantages at
length.
One word more, and 1 have done. My object
in fixing upon the number of acres which the"bill
proposes to giant was, that if other States should
at any time think proper to follow the example of
Pennsylvania, there might be a criterion for the
number of acies found in the number of their pop-
ulation at the time the census of 1850 was taken.
The number of acres mentioned in the bill was
the number of people in the State in 1850.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent.
Mr. COOPER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of opposing the reference of this bill,
but 1 cannot help, at this time, observing that it
comes with exceeding bad grace from the State of
Pennsylvania to ask for a donation of lands for
the purpose of constructing raihoadsin thatState,
while it is an open and notorious fact, known I
suppose to everybody, that she stands now in
open hostility to any communication across her
for the purpose of railroad communication. She
is entuely opposed to that: her people are in hos-
tility to the General Government, disobeying the
decrees of the Federal courts, impiisoning the mar-
shals sent to execute the process of those courts,
burning the bridges of the railroad company,
tearing up their railroads for some three or four,
weeks m succession, showing a disposition to in- I
terrupt all communication between the east and :
west across that great thoroughfare. I suppose,,
sir, that it is a fact that there'is obstructed'on its I
way to market there, by reason of that hostility, j
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth, and I do '
not know but millions, of perishable property j
that will piobably be lust in consequence of this '
resistance to the laws of the Government. I say !
then, sir, that it comes with an ill grace ftom that 1
State to call on the General Government to grant !
lands for her benefit, whilst, her people stand out i
m open hostility to all the rest of the States. They !
ought not to do it; they ought not to ask for the :
grant until, at all events, they have put down the
rioters; and they have not, in my judgment, shown
an inclination to do so.
I believe there is power in the State to quell the
riots, if it would; but the last information which i
we have received on the subject, this morning, is !
that after the road had been rebuilt, it has been |
destroyed again. I
Mr, BUTLER. By the women. [Laughter.] I
Mr. WADE. It was by men in women's
clothes, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON Last night?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I believe it was last
night, or the night before last. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not know that the General Govern-
ment can do anything on this subject; but I do
know that something ought to be done; and I take
this occasion merely to give notice that such is the
condition in which we find Pennsylvania with
the General Government. We have-found her
Governor writing to the rioters and saying that
he sympathizes very sincerely with them; and
we have reason to believe that they are strongly
backed by other portions of the State, and by
Philadelphia, which is asking, for the benefit of
this great road, a grant of land to construct it,
while the State itself will not permit a railroad
across it to another market. I have no opposition
to the reference of the bill; only I wish to connect
with the grant a condition that Pennsylvania shall
let her railroads be used for the purposes for which
they are constructed.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have one
word to say in reply to my honorable friend from
Ohio. He'is a lawyer, and f believe, indeed I am
sure from what I have seen here, a very good one.
If, therefore, it were true that a very insignificant
portion of our nearly three millions of people have
been engaged in violating the law, it would be no
reason at all why justice should not be done to the
other portion. But, sir, there is an unwritten his-
tory in relation to the transactions at Erie; and
although I deprecate violence at all times, although
I would always have the people of the State which
I represent bow submissively to the laws, I will
say that there are sometimes provocations that
would stir the stagnant blood, even in the hearts
of cowards. The gentleman's constituents have
used provocations which were well calculated to
produce the very scenes of violence which have
taken place there; and, sir, when this unwritten
history comes to be published, it will be found, in
all probability, that the aggressions and wrongs at
Erie are not the aggressions and wrongs of the
people of Erie.
In saying this, I repeat, that I wish never to
encourage a spirit that sets thelaws of thecountry
at defiance; but I feel bound to say this much in
justice to my constituents; and I shall further take
another an5 more fitting opportunity than the
present, to show, at least, where the truth lies,
where the aggression came from, and that if there
is wrong on the one side, there has been outrage to
provoke it.
Mr. WADE. I have only one word to say in
reply to the gentleman. He says that the ag-
gressions have been provoked by outrages on the
part of the railroad companies. I have only to
say on that subject, that the question of these
controversies has been adjudicated upon and ad-
justed by the courts of Pennsylvania, which have
found the gentleman at fault; and the rioters were
acting in open opposition to the mandates of the
Federal courts, and also of the courts of the State;
therefore it does not come very well from the
Senator to say that the companies were altogether
in the wrong. The presumption certainly ought
to be the other way, inasmuch as they have the
judgments of the couits upon their side.
This has not been a new thinginPennsylvania.
From the time of the whi.sky insurrection onward,
from the western part of the State to the eastern
part, insurrections have not been very unusual.
But I am not going into that subject now. I only
want this thing looked into, so that the grants of
land shall contain the condition that there shall be
peace towards the rest of the Union in future.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands was agreed to.
VERMONT SENATORSrflP.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order of the day,
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary in
reference to the right of the Hon. Samuel S.
Phelps to a seat in the Senate. I make the mo-
tion with the view of getting the subject before
the Senate, and then moving its further postpone-
ment. I am informed, and such indeed I know
to be the case, that Mr, Phelps, the person most
interested in this matter, is confined to his room
by indisposition. In view of that, it being just
to him that he should be present not only to hare
