1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
the privilege of discussing the subject himself, but
of hearing all the debates upon it, [ propose to
make it the special order for some day hereafter;
and t would low state that I have consulted with
some of those who desire to debate the question
on each side, and they have come to the common
understanding, I believe, that this day week will
suit better than any other.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. May I sug-
gest to the Senator from Indiana that the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Husk.] and the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] are absent; but they wili
be here in the course of a fortnight, and we shall
then have a full Senate. Would it not be well to
postpone the subject until that time?
Mr. GWIN. Say Monday week.
Mr. PETTIT. It is not material, so far as I
am concerned; but I am informed that there is one
Senator—indeed I know it—who'desires to debate
the negative of the proposition of the report, and
to take ground with the minority. It will not suit
liis convenience to be here next Monday, or next
Tuesday; but next Wednesday it will. I should
be quite willing to adopt the suggestion of the Sen-
tor from Kentucky but for this consideration. A
great many Senators have spoken to me about it,
and said that this, being a question of privilege,
ought to be pressed at as early a day as prudence,
and propriety, and justice to the Senator, whose
seat is in doubtor solution, would allow. I there-
fore think, from both views of the subject, wehad
better postpone it foe a week. By that time, I
am satisfied, the Senator from Vermont [Air.
Phelps] will be in his seat, as well as the other
Senator to whom I have alluded, who desires to
debate the question.
Mr. GWIN. I hone the Sen^torfrom Indiana
will say Monday week. The Nebraska bill is to
be taken up next Monday, and the week will
probably be occupied with it.
Mr.CHASE. We can postponethat.
Mr. GWIN. We can take'it up and pass it
next week.
Mr. SUMNER. We will not pass it next
week.
Mr. BUTLER. One of my colleagues upon
the committee, the honorable Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Bayard,] is not likely, according to
his arrangements, to be here before Tuesday night;
so that if there is a postponement of the question
with the view to accommodate any person, it is
more particularly to accommodate him, because I
think he intends to address the Senate on the
question. This being a question of privilege, it
ought to be acted upon at as eaily a day as can be
well fixed, because the Senate may be very much
embarrassed if the honorable gentleman should be
called on to vote upon any measure of importance.
Such questions usually have precedence in all par-
liamentary bodies, but as the gentleui.m is unwell,
we certainly should not force it on in ills absence.
But Wednesday has been suggested expressly m 1
reference to the accommodation of the honorable
Senator from Delaware. ;!
Mr. FOOT. I desire to say, in behalf of my j
colleague and myself, whose State is most directly ,
and deeply interested m the result of this question,
that there is no disposition upon our part to inter-
pose any obstacle, or any cause of delay, beyond
what may be due to the justice and importance of ,
the case and the interests of all the parties con- ,1
cerned. It is known personally to me, that my 1
colleague, from indisposition, is unable to appear
in'his°seat this morning with safety to himself,
considering the state of his health. He has ex-
pressed to me a desire to be heard at length by the
Senate upon the question. I cannot doubt tnat
there is an entire disposition on the part of the
Senate to accord to him the usual privilege and
courtesy which have been extended to others whose
right to a seat here has been brought in question.
While I would avoid any appearance of, or any
effort to delay the eailiest final decision of the
question, considering the state of my colleague s
health at this time, I regard it but reasonable that
sometime further should be given, in order that he
may have an opportunity to he heard upon a ques-
tion so important, and so interesting to him and to
our State. Whether it be next Monday or next
Wednesday, is a matter of indifference to me. ^
The motion to proceed to the consideration oi
the special order was agreed to.
Mr. PE'iTir. I now move That it be post-
poned to, and made the special order of the day ]
for, Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to. !
MARINE HOSPITAL AT ST. MARKS.
On motion "by Mr. MALLORY. the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, " to provide for the establishment of a ma-
rine hospital at St. Marks, in the State of Florida.5'
It proposes to appropriate $5,000 for the pur-
pose of establishing a marine hospital at St.
Marks, for the accommodation cf sick and dis-
abled American seamen.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 think the reading of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, which ac-
companies the report of the committee, will be suf-
ficient to satisfy every Senator of tiie propriety of
passing this bill. I ask, therefore, that the letter
may be read. 1
The letter was accordingly read. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without I
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third I
reading, was read a third time, and passed. i
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO. i
[
On motion by Mr. CHASE, theSenateresumed, ;
as m Committee of the Whole, the consideration |
of the bill " to divide the State of Ohio into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the :
district and circuit courts of the United States :
therein.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 should heglnd ifthe Senator |
from Ohio would consent to let this bill lie over i
for a few days. My reason for makme; this request i
is simply this: i have received a letter from a j
member of the bar of Ohio, who informs me that '
he, and some others, are about to proceed to !
Washington, with the view to make some repre- '
sentation in repaid to this subject. I know nothing i
myself of the facts, but I am informed by him that !
there is no necessity for the division of the district <
of Ohio; that the business of the district, court there
is not such as to occupy more than two weeks in !
any one term; and that the location of the court is i
suitable, inasmuch as, ultlruugh theadmiralty husi- j
ness comes from the lakes, m part, and the residue j
from the Ohio river, there is yet such facility of j
communication by railroad to Columbus, that par- !
ties and witnesses, and all interested, can have no
inconvenience in gooi^ there when necessary tor 1
th<* purpose of attending court, if these facts be
po, it is perhaps worthy of inquiry whether we j
ought, to pass the bill. I should like nt any rate, ;
without meaning to express any definite opinion ,
in regard to it, to have it laid over until we am ,
obtain further information trom those who, it :
seems, are coming here for the purpose of giving |
it to us. It seems to me that this is not an un- ;
reasonable request. i
Mr. CHASE. I explained yesterday the rea- I
sons which induced me to a*>k the prompt consid-
eration of this bill by the Senate. The commu-
nication to which the Senator refers is of the same |
tenor, I have no doubt, as that which has been
addressed to my colleague and to myself. A few
gentlemen in the interior of the State, near to the
place where the courts aie at present held—the
city of Columbus—undoubtedly prefer that the
courts should remain there. The great public inter-
ests involved lequire that the courts should be held
at points indicated by the bill—the two chief cities
of the State—one upon Lake Erie, the other upon
the Ohio river. My colleague, some ten or fifteen
days since, having received a letter or letters from
some of those gentlemen, requesting that the bill
should he over for a few days, i consented to it
at that time, saying that if they should not be
here to make their opposition by Monday last, I
would move to take up the bill. They have not
come on, unfl I see no reason why we should wait
their further action. Under these circumstances,
I trust the Senator from Maryland will offer no
opposition to the immediate consideration of the
bill. Whatever objections are to be made to it can
he made and considered m the other House, where
this local interest h?s a local representative. Here,
both the Senators from the State agree that the
bill is required by the interests of the State, by
the interests of the Government, and by the inter-
ests of suitors, rtnd ought not to be delayed.
Mr. GWIN. I know nothing about this mat-
ter hut I hope that the Senntor from Ohio will
a^icc to the proposition of the Senator from Mary-
land, for this reason: My colleague, [Mr. Wel-
ler,"] who is confined to his room by indisposition,
and who takes an interest in this bill, cannot come
to the Senate, or he would be here for the purpose
of paying some attention to the question.
Mr. CHASE. Will he oppose the bill?
Mr. GWIN. 1-le has a right to speak on any
question which presents itself here. He is a na-
tive of Ohio; and he has a right to speak on this
question. Fie is now confined to his room by
sickness; and I think that the courtesy due to a
Senator so situated demands that a question in
which he takes an interest should not be consid-
ered at this time. It is not a local, but a national
question, relating as it does to the dividing of what
is now one judicial district into two judicial dis-
tricts.
Mr. CHASE, f am sure the Senator from
California could not do a greater disfavor to his
colleague than to make him responsible for delay
in our action on this bill. When it was first be-
fore the Senate, the Senator from California, who
is now detained from the Senate by a circumstance
which I very much regret, objected, upon the
ground that no manifestation of the legislative
opinion of Ohio in regard to it had been made. J
have since presented the memorial of some fifty of
the Senators and Representatives in the Legisla-
ture of the State, asking for prompt action upon
the bill; and the Senator from California himself,
after knowing the opinion of the Legislature in
regard to it, came to me and said, that if he had
been aware of that state of facts, he should have
been solicitous for the prompt action of the Sen-
ate. If he were here now, I know he would agree
with nie.
Mr. GWIN. Then I have no objection at alt.
I did not know that such was the fact.
Mr. PETTIT. There are three amendments
lepoited to this bill by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and only one of them is substantial—the
others being merely formal as to verbiage, leav-
ing the bill almost as it was before. It has been
wellconsuleied by the Committeeon the Judiciary,
but 1 say nothing about the necessity or import-
ance of passing such a bill one way or the other.
Theonly material amendmentthatis proposed is to
strike out the last section, which made a local hab-
itation necessary for each judge—which made itob-
li^atory that the judges should reside at the place
of holding the courty. The committee thought
that that was an improper and unjustifiable re-
striction. The salaries paid to the judges m the
western States would not justify a judge in resid-
ing in Cincinnati or in Cleveland, where the two
court* are to be held. As there are great railroad
facilities in Ohio, the judge may, with great pro-
priety, live upon a farm, large or small,ashe may
be able, eight, ten, twelve, or twenty miles from
the place where the court is held, and be able to
00 backwards and forwards with great conveni-
ence. On that account the committee recommend
ihA amendment to strike out the section requiring
the judge to reside in the city where the court is
to be held. Otherwise, thecommitt.ee do not rec-
ommend the bill to be materially amended.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the foiuth section the words;
Any of the purhf^ in any suit now ponding, vhieh, under
the provision*, of this an, vouhl hove been commenced n\
the northern (liquet, either court for the northern distuct;
and insert m beu of them, these words:
Any pat tv to any suit now pendinc, which would have
boon "commenced m the northern district, it'this act had
j boon in loice beloie the commencement of said fcint, the
i propci court;
i so that the section shall read:
; That upon tlie application of any party to any suit now
1 pMidiiis, v'liH'li wmi'ii have been commenced in the north-
i u-ii district, if tin* act had been in fotce before be com-
; liienci.ienl of said suit, tlie proper court  ), and, if .ill
: the parties consent, shall order that the same be removed,
1 tor fin titer proceedings, to the proper court tor tlie noitliirn
|j di-im-t, &<*.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! The second amendment was a verbal one,m
;s the seventh section to strike out" which judge,
'i when appointed," and insert ' who.
h Tlie amendment was agieed to.
The third amend ment^ was to strike out the
last section of the b.ll, in these words :
« r 10 JlnJbc it further rnnctcd, That the ]UfI<|os
the 'li^'tr.cN hereby creat. <1 shall mpc,-lively resui- at
place of holding the court* ol titer respect, ve -  -
The amendment was agreed U>.
of
t)i"
