1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
An act for the relief of Robert Jemison and the
legal representatives of Benjamin Williamson.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of Almanzon Huston.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of Mark Bean and Richard
H. Bean, of Arkansas. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Levi Pierce and An-
drew Hodge, jr. Referred to the Committee of
Claims
An act for the relief of Andrew Dickerhoff.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
An act for the relief of Theresa Dardenne,
widowof Abraham Dardenne, deceased, and their
children. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act for the relief of Hezekiah Miller. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Henry La Reintrie.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of William Miller. Refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act for the relief of Llewellyn Washington.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of the late Robert Sewall. Referred to the
Committee of Claims. *
An act for the relief of Dr. S. R. Addison, passed
assistant surgeon in the United States Navy. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of Manuel Hernandez.
Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
• An act for the relief of Sylvanus Culver. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of G. N. Baptiste Beaubien.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to make a single re-
mark in reference to the bill, the title of which has
just been read. It does not relate to public lands;
nor does it properly come within the jurisdiction
of the Committee on Private Land Claims; but it
relates to a portion of the old fort Beaubien, a
military post in the city of Chicago, which was
appropriated, some forty odd years ago, for the
site of the fort, and has been reserved % that
purpose ever since. I think, therefore, that the
proper direction of this bill is to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.  
An act for the relief of Thomas Rhodes. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of Robert Joynes. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Erwin, of Arkansas, and others. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of A. G. Bennett. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Michael Nourse. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Israel Johnson. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
An act to change the name of the bark Abeona
to Mount Vernon. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce. ,
An act for the relief of John McAvoy. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
INDIGENT INSANE.
The SPEAKER next announced Senate bill
making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for the benefit of indigent
insane persons.
Mr. BISSELL. I should like to know, Mr,
Speaker, in what condition that bill now stands.
The SPEAKER. It is open to commitment
or to amendment. The Chair understands that a
demand for the previous question is pending
UPMr.!BISSELL. I hope the demand for the
nrevious question will be seconded.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
^""bISSELL. Will thegentleman from Mis-
souii withdraw that motion, until we second the
demand for the previous question on this bill
Mr. PHELPS. No; better let the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter past three
'clock, p. m.,adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 13, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milborn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented reso-
lutions of the General Assembly of the Presby-
terian Church, held at Philadelphia, praying that
measures may be taken to secure freedom of reli-
gious worship to American citizens traveling or
residing in foreign countries; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Simeon
Stedman, praying remuneration for services ren-
dered during the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Obed Hussey, praying the
renewal of his patent for a reaping machine,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
•The report was ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL LAND OFFICE IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill from the House
of Representatives " establishing a land office in
the lower peninsula of Michigan," have directed
me to report it back, and recommend its passage.
I ask the uuanimous consent of the Senate to take
up and consider the bill at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to create a new land district in the
lower peninsula of Michigan,to be called theShe-
boygan district, for which a register and receiver
are to be appointed by the President of the Uni
ted States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
RAILROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad from Iron
Bay, in the State of Michigan, to Little Bay-de-Noquette.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent in the consideration
thereof, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned over until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 13, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbork.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
EXPLORATION OF THE AMAZON.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr.Speaker,
I am instructed by the Committee on Pnntmg to
make a report to the House. Some time ago a
resolution was referred to that committee
Mr. GREY. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky withhold his report for a moment, to enable
me to offer a resolution of inquiry which will not
occupy the House more than a minute or two?
Mr STANTON. The matter which I have m
hand can be disposed of in a single minute.
As I was saying, Mr. Speaker, a resolution
was sent some time ago from this House to the
Committee on Printing, directing that committee
to inquire into the propriety of printing twenty-
thousand additional copies of Lieutenants Hern-
doiiand Gibbon's report of a survey of the river
Amazon. The committee have instructed me
to report it back, with a resolution authorizing the
printing of ten thousand, instead of twenty thou-
sand extra copies.
The following resolution was thereupon read
by the Clerk:
Resolved, That there be printed ten thousand additional
copies of tile report of the surveys and explorations of the
river Amazon, with the plates and maps accompanying, by
Lieutenants Herndon and Gibbon—two hundred and fifty
of them for distribution by Lieutenant Herndon, two hun-
dred and fifty for distribution by Lieutenant Gibbon, and
the remainder for the use of the members of tliis House.
Mr. BOYCE. I move, Mr. Speaker, to amend
that resolution by increasing the number of addi-
tional copies from ten thousand to twenty thou-
sand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that there has been ordered by the House
at the present session of Congress ten thousand
copies of this work, which have not been as yet
printed; and this resolution provides for sin addi-
tional number, making the whole number that
will have been ordered to be printed twenty thou-
sand. It seems to me that that is as many as the
House should order. 1 hope, therefore, that the
gentleman from South Carolina will withdraw his
motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,]
who reported this resolution, when we may ex-
pect to get the copies which have already been'
ordered ?
Mr. STANTON. The first part of the work,
embracing Herndon's report, has been printed
upon an order of the Senate; but the report of
Lieutenant Gibbon was not made to this House .
until within a recent period—only a few weeks ago.
It is now in the hands of the printer, who will
proceed with the utmost dispatch in the execution
of the work.
Mr. BOYCE. I understand that none of the
Gibbon's report has been yet ordered to be print-
ed. This is a very useful work, containing a large
amount of useful information in reference to a re-
gion of country heretofore but little known; and I
think that twenty thousand extra copies will not
be too many, /therefore adhere to the motion
which I made.
Mr. STANTON. Gentlemen of the House
seem to be laboring under an erroneous idea in re-
gard to this subject. The report of Lieutenant
Herndon has been published under an order of the
Senate, but not embracing the report of Lieuten-
ant Gibbon, which was not then finished. The
resolution of this House, psassed some time since,
directed ten thousand extra copies of that report
to be published, and also provided that Lieutenant
Gibbon's report should, when made, be included.
That report has onlv been completed within the
last three or four wee'ks. It has been laid upon
your table, and ordered to be printed. The extra
number now proposed to be published will contain
both of these reports. They are very valuable,
and afford rich and interesting information m
reference to the country watered by the river
Amazon.
The resolution which was passed a short time
ago provided for the publication of ten thousand
copies, and the resolution which I have offered
now provides for an additional ten thousand. But
the cost of printing the additional ten thousand
will not be as great as that of the first ten thou-
sand, as the original composition of the work
will be charged to the previous ten thousand. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. HIESTER. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his demand for a moment?
Mr. STANTON. I will, if the gentleman will
renew the call. .
Mr HIESTER. I will. I desire to know
from the gentlemen of the Committee on Printing
when we shall probably receive this work, if it be
ordered, or those which have been ordered?
Mr. STANTON. I am informed that the man-
uscript is now in the hand of the printer, and he
is at work upon it. No doubt it will be speedily
executed
Mr. HIF.STER. Can the gentleman from
Kentucky form any idea, from the information he
has upon the subject, when the printer will be
