198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
The bill was reported to theSenate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker of that House had
signed an enrolled bill, entitled " An act concern-
ing the district courts of the United States in Cal-
ifornia."
The President signed the above named bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the bill from the Sen-
ate concerning the district courts of the United
States in California; also, a bill explanatory of an
act entitled " An act for the relief of Benjamin S.
Roberts."
Also, that the Speaker of the House had signed
sundry enrolled bills.
STEAMSHIP SAN FRANCISCO.
The message from the House of Representa-
tives also announced that it had concurred in the
resolution of the Senate for the appointment of a
committee, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives, to report
some form of acknowledgment to be adopted by
Congress to those engaged in the rescue of the
passengers and crew of the steamship San Fran-
cisco, and that it had appointed Mr. Chandler
of Pennsylvania; Mr. McMui.lin of Virginia; Mr.
Cutting of New York; Mr. Hunt of Louisiana;
Mr. Pratt of Connecticut; Mr. Eddy of Indiana;
Mr. Yansant of Maryland; Mr. Crocker of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Seward of Georgia, the
committee on its part.
BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
" An act to change the name of the American-
built brig John Dutton, and to grant a register in
her name;"
"An act to continue in force the act entitled 'An
act to ascertain and settle private land claims in
the State of California,' and for other purposes;"
and
"An act changing the name of the American
built steamer Falcon to that of Q,ueen City."
FEES OF JUDICIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to irujuue into the expediency of *0 amending the
actof Congress approved the26tli of February, 18,'>3, m tilled
"An act to regulate the fee> and eoMsto be allowed to Hie
clerks, maii>hals, ami attorneys of the encuit and district
courts of the United States," as to increase the compendia
tion of the marshal of the southern and middle division of
Alabama, and also the compensation of the eleik of the
district court of the United States at the city of Montgomery,
Alabama.
As this is a resolution of inquiry, I suppose
there will be no objection to its consideration at
this time.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GWTN. I should like to have the resolu-
tion amended so as to include officers in California;
therefore, I move to amend it by adding to it these
words: " and also, of the clerks, marshals, and at-
torneys of the northern and southern districts of
California."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think, after having as-
certained the views of some Senators around me,
that it is proper that the phraseology of the reso-
lution should be so altered as to be general in its
terms, instead of being applicable to a few States.
I am myself exceedingly desirous that the State
of Arkansas, at any rate, should be included in
the resolution, if it is to be confined to special
cases. I shall, therefore, content myself at pres-
ent with moving to include the clerks, attorneys,
and marshals in the State of Arkansas. At the
-same time, 1 must say that T beheve the provisions
of the resolution ought to be made general in their
.application to all the States.
Several Senators. Move that amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will, at the suggestion
of some Senators around 01?, move to amend the
resolution so that it shall be general in its terms,
instead of being confined to the States specially
mentioned.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Although that course
may add strength to the inquiry, and although I
have heard a great deal of complaint about the in-
adequacy of the compensation of the officers of
the courts of the United States, I should not feel
authorized to accept an amendment of this gen-
eral nature, unless it be the pleasure of the Senate
that the inquiry shall be so extended. My object
is to obtain some increase of compensation for
those gentlemen who are now complaining of the
want of a reasonable allowance. 1 am willing to
put the inquiry in any shape which will induce
the committee to give it the most favorable con-
sideration. In my own State there is a general
complaint that, so far as the subordinate officers
are concerned, the compensation allowed them is
entirely too low; and therefore it was that I was
inclined to confine the resolution simply to an in-
quiry as to the compensation of the officers there.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this is not a
new subject to the Committee on the Judiciary.
At the last session, during the time the fee bill
was under consideration, 1 think there must have
been fifty petitions before the committee in legard
to this matter. If we adopt a general resolution
of inquiry, we shall open the whole of that fee bill.
I know, sir, that that law has met with some op-
position everywhere; but, on the whole, I think it
has rather been received with satisfaction. 1 now
give notice to the gentlemen, that if they make
this a general subject of inquiry, the result will be
the rejection of all these propositions. If the in-
quiry be restricted to a particular case, and the
information as to that be brought specially before
the committee, it will probably receive considera-
tion, and the committee may provide some remedy;
but if this inquiry is to assume a general character,
it will be impossible for us to review, in so short
a time, the whole scale of fees allowed by that bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Do I understand the
honorable gentleman from Arkansas as simply
moving to amend the resolution so as to include
the officers of his own State, 01* so as to make the
inquiry general ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The pending amendment is that of
the honorable Senator from Arkansas, to make
the resolution one of inquiry in regard to the com-
pensation of this class of officers throughout the
United States.
Mr. FITZPATRICK- I trust that, after what
. has fallen from the chairman of the Committee on
| the Judiciary, the gentleman from Arkansas will
S not insist upon his amendment; for, as he must
i see, it amounts virtually to the denial of any in-
! crease of compensation in the particular case m
! regard to which I propose an inquiry. I insist
j upon the resolution in the form originally offered,
j particularly as there is some prospect of getting
| some increase of compensation in that case where
j it is eminently due.' I trust, therefore, that, after
1 the intimation of the distinguished gentleman
! from South Carolina, my friend from Arkansas
| will not insist upon burdening this resolution with
] a general amendment.
j Mr. BUTLER. All that 1 meant to say was,
! that in some of the districts the compensation of
1 themarshals is abundantly sufficient. The bill has
j operated unequally, however, by fixing a hori-
| zontal scale. We had all the information before
; us at the last session; but in spite of that, I have
no doubt that injustice has been done to many
marshals, while others are receiving more, per-
haps, than is an adequate compensation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can say to the Senator
from Alabama that my amendment was to alter
; the phraseology of the resolution so^as to make it
| general in its application, and not specially confine
! it to any one of the States or the District of Co-
i lumbia. I agree with the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, that in some States the rates of
i compensation allowed to marshals and clerks of
! the district and circuit courts of the United States
1 are ample; but I think, with due deference to the
result of the investigations of that committee, that
] they have carried the principle of reform—if re-
j form it can be called—too far, and in attempting
; to generalize the system of fees, they have, un-
i avoidably perhaps, inflicted great grievances on
| the officers in some of the States.
1 f hove suggested the employment of general
phraseology in the resolution, because, under that,
the committee could make the very discrimination
sought for by the Senator from Alabama; and if,
on investigation, the committee find that the rea-
sons for discrimination apply to some States and
not to others, it will be competent for the com-
mittee to single out those States where the com-
pensation should be increased, and to present their
claims to the Senate. Hence it was that I sug-
gested the employment of general phraseology as
the most direct way of arriving at the end sought
for by the Senator from Alabama; but if he con-
siders that the amendment which 1 have sought to
ingraft upon the resolution embarrasses it, I will
withdraw this amendment as a measure of accom-
modation to him, and renew that which I first of-
fered, to embrace the officers of the United States
courts m the State of Arkansas.
Mr. MASON. If that course is to be pursued,
it will result that other gentlemen will move to in-
clude their States, and I, certainly, for one, shall
be obliged to ask that the State of Virginia shall
be included. Now, I understand the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary to say, that if
the inquiry be made general, it will result in re-
jecting the whole measure; but I do not see why
it should. I understand that Senator to say, that
he has reason to believe that the general fee bill
which was passed at the last session of Congress
operated judiciously and beneficially, in some sec-
tions of the country, and operated injuriously in
others, because we adopted a uniform, or hori-
zontal scale. If the general inquiry should be
submitted to the committee, I do not see why they
might not, in their action upon it, report to the
Senate where they think the fees should be en-
larged, and where they think they should be
allowed to remain as they are. I received a letter
no later than to-day from the district attorney for
the western district of Virginia, representing that
if his fees were allowed to remain as they are he
would feel compelled to throw up the office. I
know that gentleman; he is an able man, and ona
who discharges his duty faithfully. And 1 should
have felt it my duty to bring that case to the at-
tention of the committee, if it were not for the mo-
tion of the Senator from Alabama, which brings
up the whole subject.
I submit that it will be better to make the in-
quiry general, and then let the committee re-
port to us, as they think proper, those districts
where they think the emoluments of these officers
should be enlarged, and those where they think
they should be allowed to remain as tfyey are. I
therefore renew the amendment which the Senator
from Arkansas withdrew, to make the inquiry a
general one as to the propriety of increasing the
fees of these officers throughout the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. The only difficulty upon that
subject is this: If you make the inquiry general,
we cannot have such general information as will
enable the committee to come to an intelligent con-
clusion. If an application were made from Vir-
ginia, 1 should hold the gentleman from Virginia
responsible for the information on which the Com-
mittee would frame a bill. If an application came
from Alabama, I should hold the gentleman from
Alabama responsible for the information on which
the bill in that case would be founded. So, too,
of the case presented by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas. But if you have one of these general
propositions, the effect will be that some will pour
in upon us a great deal of information upon which
we can rely, while we shall have no information
from other parts; and the result will then be that
we shall have to form at last a general bill, upon
information from some parts of the Union, but
without information from others. I prefer that
each State shall stand upon its own bottom.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely with the honorable Senator from South
Carolina. Congress passed a general fee bill
within the last year, fixing on a horizontal scale the
fees of all the officers connected with the Federal
judiciary throughout the United States. Undoubt-
edly that must operate, in many cases, injuriously
and unequally. But still the general principle
of equality of compensation for similar servi-
ces is a sound one; and it is for those who can
make out a special case, requiring an increase or
alteration of the fees as applied to their particular
States, to bring that case before the Senate, and
let it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. If 80 referred, I may say for myself, as one
