908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
likely to finish the work, and have it ready for
delivery ? That is what we are particularly anxious
to know.
Mr. MURRAY. The printer of the House
has now commenced printing Lieutenant Hern-
don's report. He has put a large force upon it,
and will have it ready very soon for delivery. He
has provided himself with an additional number
of presses, and the extra documents will be got
along with as fast as possible.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say a
word as to the time when these documents will
probably be delivered.
Mr. HIESTER. I believe I am entitled to the
floor, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. JONES. I will detain the House but for
a moment, if the gentleman will yield.
Mr. HIESTER, (retaining the floor.) I will
give way for a moment.
Mr. JONES. I think we may very reasonably
expect, from the number of copies we aie order-
ing, and the amount of printing which we are
having done, that those gentlemen who shall not
have the good fortune to be reelected to the next
Congress, will have the pleasure of finding the
documents, which they now order, delivered to
their successors in the next Congress, to be dis-
tributed by them among the people.
Mr. DEAN. Then we are not interested in
the question.
Mr. HIESTER. If what the gentleman from
Tennessee says shall prove true, then these docu-
ments will go into our districts, and that is where
we desire that they shall go. The publication of
this and other works is not for our individual
benefit, but for that of the people of the country.
As the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stan-
ton] withdrew the call for the previous question
merely to allow me to make an inquiry of him, I
now renew the demand.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was put; aud, upon a division,
eighty-five members rose in the affirmative.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
Upon seconding the demand for the yeas and
nays, only seventeen members voted therefor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. JONES. I demand tellers upon the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The division was then completed, and twenty-
three members rose in the negative—no quorum
voting.
Mr. WASHmrRNE,0f Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The question was put; and a call of the House
was refused.
The SPEAKER then counted the House, and
declared a hundred and thirty-six members to be
present.
The question was again put; and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 94,noes 34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay the
resolution upon the table; and upon that motion 1
demand the yeas and miys.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question wos then taken; and the House
refused to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. JONES. J call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
Tne yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question w.is then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and to Liy the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidney
Webster. Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had approved and signed a bill
to establish additional land districts m the Terri-
tory of Minnesota.
Also, that he had approved and signed sundry
private bills.
Also, transmitting a communication in writing.]
POSTMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. OLDS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. GREY, who said: Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to submit the
following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
furnish the House of Representatives with copies of all
orders, rules, or regulations adopted by him, which prevent
or deny to the members of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads the privilege of going into the public rooms
of the Post Office Department duung office hours, and of
then and there examining the public records of thatDepart-
ment.
a. Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
abolish all rules, orders, or regulations, which pieventsor
denies the privilege to the members of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, or any one of them, from
going into the public rooms in the Post Office Department
during office hour*, and then and there examining such
public records in the presence, and with (he assistance of
the clerk having charge of them, as such membei may de-
sire. Thathealso abolish all rules, ordeis, or regulations
by which the clerks, or either of them, aie prevented oi
restrained from affording to any member of said committee
such information during those examinations as the public
records of the Post Office Department will enable him to
give.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. GREY, I am satisfied, if the gentleman
will allow me to explain, that he will withdraw
his objection, and that the House will unanimously
adopt the resolutions.
'J. he SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to*hear the gentlemanJ
There was no objection.
Mr. GREY. The recommendation of the hon-
orable Postmaster General to Congress to sanction
and ratify a contract which he had, without legal
authority, entered into for transporting and expe-
diting the mails between Montgomery, Alabama,
and New Orleans, by way of Mobile, was re-
ferred, by a vote of this House, to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, (of which I
am a member,) for a full and careful investigation,
and to report to this House all the facts relating
thereto. As soon as possible after the reference
to our committee, I introduced, and this House
adopted, resolutions calling upon the Postmaster
General for information bearing on the proposi-
tion, (which was on the records of the Depait-
ment.)
I am prepared to show that the information
furnished by tiie Postmaster General in this, and
in other instances, is not full and accurate—that
it is contradictory. The statement of facts in the
letter from the Postmaster General cannot be rec-
onciled with the facts stated in other official docu-
ments before the committee upon this and other
subjects.
As a member nf the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, I went to the Post Office
Department, for the purpose of ascertaining the
facts corrcctly* and why it was that the letter and
report were not more expiicitand full, and did not
agree with the facts as they actually existed, and
why the different portions of them did not agree
with each other. 1 charge no intentional fraud on
the PostmasterGeneral. But I will state facts, and
can prove thatthere are very important omissions
and mistakes in that report, and in other official
reports from that Department, which assured me
that they were not wholly reliable. I stated to
the Second Assistant Postmaster General, at the
Department, who is at the head of the Contract
Office, and, in that capacity, has the control of all
this information, that I wanted to go to the clerks'
rooms to examine the official papers and records
of the Department, the correspondence, &c., in
relation to this matter, which had been referred to
our committee. Yes, sir, I only desired to see and
examine the u official public records." I wished
to examine no private, confidential, or secret rec-
ords. I presume there could be none such in the
Post Office Department in relation to a matter
which the Postmaster General had sent to Con-
gress for investigation, and for their action upon
it. Mr. Dundas, the Second Assistant, informed
me that the Postmaster General had adopted
orders, or rules and regulations, which prevented
any person whatever from going into the clerks'
rooms for the purpose of examining the papers
and records. I expressed my great surprise that
any such regulation should have been made; that
heretofore no such obstacles had been thrown in
the way of members of Congress, or others desir-
ing to examine the official records" of that De-
partment. i knew, moreover, that it had been the
custom with members of Congress, with contract-
ors, and with gentlemen disconnected with the
Government, to go to the clerks' rooms and ob-
tain information from the public records of the
Post Office Department. X never before heard of
that privilege being denied to any one. I have
heard that one, or all of these orders, had been
made since this matter, relative to the Montgom-
ery, Mobile, and New Orleans mailconuacts, was
referred to Congress. The Second Assistant
Postmaster General told me that if i could tell him
what papers I desired to see, that he would have
them brought down into his room, where I might
look at them; but that I could not, under the rules
adopted by the present Postmaster General, go up
into the clerks' rooms and examine them there.
Mr. Speaker, there may be, and I know there
is, great propriety in withholding from public in-
spection the records of the State Department of
our Government, which has charge of all our for-
eign lelations, and very many important matters
of negotiation and arrangement, which should be
made public only at the discretion of the President
and his Cabinet advisers.
But, sir, the present is, I presume, the first
Postmaster General who ever asked for investiga-
tion and action by Congress upon his conduct, and
at the same time denied to any of its members the
opportunity for a full and fair examination of the
public " official records" upon which he had based
his action.
Sir, I wanted all the facts on file in the Depart-
ment which might tend to enable me to ascertain
the untold truth, and understand fully every fact
*in relation to the subject which this Home had re-
ferred to me as one of that committee. It was
impossible for me to tell exactly in what book, or
under what head or particular title I could ascer-
tain the information. But I knew i could ascer-
tain all by examining the books, papers, &c., and
from conversation with the clerks in their rooms,.
when all the records were m sightof them. More-
I over, sir, every lawyer understands how difficult
, it is to get the whole tiuth out of an unwilling or
I overawed witness—out of a witness under duress,
| as it were. I know that if there has been viola-
! tion of law, of official propriety, or if there has
; been any juggling or trickery, or combination
j in regard to that mail contract, by which the Gov-
I ernment Treasury is about to lose thousands#of
I dollars, that (although the head of that Depart-
■ ment \^ill be held responsible to public censure)
: yet, those who understand the interna! regulation
i of the business in that Department, will hold the
I Second Assistant Postmaster Geneial as the one,
| of all others, most guilty.
Suppose, sir, the Second Assistant, who has
charge of the " Contract Office" of that Depart-
ment, had brought in one of the t( contract clerks,"
and sat him down with the books and papers in
his room, and under his constant watch and ob-
servation—a clerk, sir, who was dependent upon
the favor and good-will of the Second Assistant
for his office, and for the daily support of his wife
and children—one in such a position possibly might
not be so ready and willing to volunteer full and
complete information, or suggest how, or where,
among the records, I might most readily obtain
facts.
But, sir, if I could have thus obtained all the
information, and read every line, and every word,
and ascertained the feelings and the motives which
prompted every one connected with those tians-
actions, I would have scorned indignantly the
impudent and insulting proposition that i might
be graciously permitted to look over the''official
public records" of that Department, aud talk to a
clerk about them, prvmhd I would do ho under
the ear and watchmgs of the Second Assistant
Postmaster General.
Well, sir, when informed of this new regula-
tion for hiding and conckat.ino, i addressed a
note to the Postmaster General asking ''official
copies of those orders, rules, or regulations, that
I might understand how far I had a right to go,
and intended to violate none of the regulations of
the Department. To that note, written several
days ago, I have received no response.
Mr. Speaker, this case lequires speedy action,
if any at all. It is pending before the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I have en-
deavored to hasten a decision upon it, but have
failed in my efforts to get the necessary informa-
tion from the Postmaster General, and therefore
ask, in the first resolution, that the House will
