910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
amount to defray the expenses of the Department.
Appeals were then made to me to move such a
provision as an amendment to that bill. I did not
do it then because I thought it better to allow each
bill to stand upon its own meiits; and I did not
wish to have that bill trammeled by connecting; it
with any other question. But such was the ex-
pression of the House at that time, and such were
my own pledges to the House, that I felt it to be
my duty to bring the matter before the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I did bring it
before that committee, and they have instructed
me to report the bill which has just been read at
the Clerk's desk.
At the time to which I have alluded, there was
a very general expression in the House that some-
thing should be done upon this subject' immedi-
ately. 1 therefore propose to take up this bill at
this time, and ask the House to put it ilpon its
passage. I want it either to be passed or rejected
by the House.
I shall not make any extended argument upon
the subject at this time, reserving to myself the
right to answer such objections as may be raised
in" the privilege which 1 shall have of closing the
debate upon the bill. I shall, therefore, at this I
time, content myself with stating some of the pe- '
culiar features of the bill, and in giving the facts
and figures which recommend the bill to the favor-
able consideration of the House.
I commence, Mr. Speaker, by stating to the
House that it is necessary that we should do one
of two things: either that we should abandon the
idea of making the Post, Office Department a self-
sustaining Department, and make it absolutely and
unconditionally a charge upon the General Treas-
uiy of the country, or to raise the rates of post-
age to something nee\r the point which will make
the Post Office Department a self-sustaining De-
partment of the Government.
Now, sir, as long as this Department contains
neither the one thing nor the other—as long as it
is neither a self-sustaining Department, nor thrown
upon the General Treasury, it operates peculiarly
hard upon the rural districts of the country. The
cities and the eastern States receive no detriment
from it, for their postal facilities are fixed, their
postal arrangements are perfected and secured to
them; but not no with the rural districts. You
have at this time a deficit in your post office reve-
nue of more than §2,000,000, in consequence of
the reduction of the rates of postage. And when
any gentleman, representing a western or a south-
ern constituency, goes to the Postmaster General
and asks him to increase the mail facilities in his
section of the country, or asks him to establish a
new post office in his district, he is met with the
answer that there are no funds under the control
of the Department lor such increased facilities;
that the Post Office Department is crippled, and
th.it the Department cannot either establish new
post offices or increase the mail facilities until
there are funds provided for that purpose.
Now, if you will abandon entirely the idea of
making the Post Office Department a self-sustaining
Department of the Government—if you will do
away with your postages altogether, and allow
your mail matter to go free through the mail
at the expense of the Government, let the Post
Office Department be a charge upon the geneinl
'Treasury, just the same as the War and the Navy
Departments are; then the Postmaster General
will understand that he can establish new post
offices or increase the mad facilities whenever the
wants of the community may require it. But if
you are to have the Post Office Department a self-
sustaining Department, then you should raise your
postages to a point that will give that Department
an amount of revenue sufficient to meet the wants
of the service, and to enable the Postmaster Gen-
eral to provide such increased postal facilities as
Are needed in the rural districts of the country. I
wish to make my appeal directly to western and
southern gentlemen, for I expect the Representa-
tives, from the cities of New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, and Baltimore, and perhaps the New Eng-
land and the Atlantic States to vote against the
biii, because the cheap postage of the country re-
sults to the benefit of the commercial men of your
large commercial cities,
Mr. PULLER. Do not include the State of
jYfainp
Mr. OLDS. I am glad to accept the delegation
from Maine, I hope they will be found voting
with me. They may be considered as belonging
to the rural districts of the country.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that it >
is not personal to him. It is not personal to any j
member on this floor; but I can say to the gentle- ,
man from Pennsylvania what i said to one of her
Representatives the other day, when I spoke of :
the propriety of passing this bill. He said," You i
are right, and I hope that you may succeed in the
effort, but it is against the interest of my constit-
uents, and therefore you must not expect my vote
for it." I expect that the gentleman, being a Rep-
resentative from the city of Philadelphia, will vote
against the bill because itdoes not inure to the in-
terest of his constituents; yet I hope that he will
have the honesty and candor to admit on this floor
that the measure is right, and.ought to receive the
sanction of the House.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I would be
glad if the gentleman would name the member
from Pennsylvania to whom he has referred.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that the gentleman
will yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. OLDS. Certainly. I always hear my
friend with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to be convinced that
a reduction or increase of the postage will inure to
the advantageof anybody, or even to the Treasury
of the United States, to make the Department a
self-sustaining machine, before I vote to do so. I
think, however, that the gentleman expressed my
sentiment. I am very much afraid, indeed, that
he will not be able to convince me that the bill is
right, because I cannot see the difference between
a self-sustaining establishment in regard to the
Navy, the Army, or the Post Office. Still, I have
been listening very attentively to the gentleman,
and if he convinces me that his measure is just
and right, and that my constituents are likely to
be advantaged by it, he knows very well that I
shall vote for it. I am very much afraid he can-
not do so.
Mr. OLDS. It is an old adage—
" A man convinced against his will,
Is of the same opinion still
and I am afraid that it is so with my friend from
Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
It is not my purpose on this occasion, Mr.
Speaker, to way that it is not right to abandon the
policy of making the Post Office Department a
self-sustaining Department. I might, perhaps,
agree to the peculiar view of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, that he ought to abandon the idea of
making it a self sustaining one, and to throw it,
as you do the Army and Navy, on the Treasury
of the United States. It is not my purpose either
to say that it should not be a self-sustaining De-
partment uf the Government; but 1 do say that
you should do either the one thing or the other,
for as long as you pretend to receive a revenue
from the mails of the United States sufficient to
support the mail facilities of the country, just so
long will the Postmaster General feel himself com-
pelled, from the necessity of the case, to deny
mail facilities m the sparsely settled districts of
the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is an easy matter for us
to ascertain what is the revenue point for post-
ages; and let me say, befoie I proceed to that
point, that the argument constantly used on this
floor and elsewhere, that in Great Britain there is
cheap postage, und the Post Office Department
not only sustains itself, but affords a revenue to
the country, is not applicable to this matter, or,
if applicable, the same rate of postage cannot ob-
tain here that does there, and still have the Post
Office a self-sustaining Department of the Govern-
ment.
Look, if you please, sir, at the Island of Great
Britain, with a territory no larger that the State
of New York, she has a population larger than
thp whole United States. It does not cost her
more to transport the mails throughout the whole
Island, than it costs the United States to transport
our mails through the State of New York alone.
And yet the revenue derived by Great Britain
from her Post Office Department, is more than
equal ofthe revenue of the Post Office Department
of the United States. You cannot, therefore, ex-
pect that the same rates of postage can obtain here
as in Great Britain, and our Post Office Depart-
ment be a self-sustaining one. The penny postage
in Great Britain, which isa two cent postage, is
fully as adequate to sustain the post office depart-
ment of that country, as a five cent postage is to
sustain the Post Office Department of this coun-
try, and other things being equal, a five cent post-
age in this country is as moderate and just, as is a
two cent postage m the Island of Great Britain.
Now, sir, what is the revenue point for post-
ages ? It is easily ascertained. It will be recollected
that up to the commencement of the year 1846,
the maximum rate of postage on letters was
twenty-five cents; and what was the revenue
derived under that rate of postage3 In 1841 the
revenue of the Post Office Department was
$4,407,000; in 1842 it was $4,546,000; in 1843 it
was $4,229,000; in 1844 it was $4,237,000; in 1845
it was $4,289,000. Thus for the five years pre-
ceeding the reduction of postage from the maxi-
mum rate of twenty-five cents, the revenue of the
Department averaged $4,250,000. In 1845, you
reduced the postages to five and ten cents; and
what was the revenue of the Department from
that time until the taking effect of the law of 1851,
by which you reduced the postages to three and
-five cents? In 1846 it was $3,388,000, being a
reduction for the first year of nearly three quarters
of a million of dollars; in 1847 it was $4,1(51,000,
coming up to within less than a quarter of a mil-
lion of dollars of the maximum receipts under
the twenty-five cents postage; in 1848 it was
$4,705,000, being an increase at five and ten cents
on the highest receipts under the twenty-five cent
postages; in 1850 it was $5,499,000; in 1851, be-
ing the last year of the five and ten cent postages,
it was $6,410,000, being an increase of nearly two
millions of dollars over the maximum receipts
under the twenty-five cent postages.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, if he will not consent to allow this
hill to be postponed to a day certain. It is a bill
of too much importance to be acted on hastily.
I am satisfied that we need some reform in the
Post Office Department, and I should like to have
an opportunity of presenting amendments to this
bill.
Mr. OLDS. When I have concluded my re-
marks, I shall have no objection to the postpone-
ment of the bill to a day certain.
Mr. SKELTON. Then by all means let it be
postponed.
Mr. OLDS. Before the floor is taken from me
to move to proceed to business upon the Speak-
er's table, I desire the Clerk to enter the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAGE. This is a very important bill which
I desire to have printed.
Mr. OLDS. When a motion is made to post-
pone to a day certain, a motion to print will then
be in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print will not
now be in order.
Mr. OLDS. At the conclusion of my remarks,
I will yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. ^aoe,] to move to postpone the hill to a day
certain, and to print. I am sure that every gen-
tleman will feel an anxiety to print this bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, i have been
for some time a party to these postponements to a
day certain; but so far, when a bill has come up
on the day of postponement, it has been post-
poned to still another day. When we postpone
a bill to a day certain, I desire it to come up on
that day, when readied.
Mr. OLDS. I will say, that the bill can be
printed in the Globe to-morrow morning, so as to
give members an opportunity of examining it,
without postponing it to a day certain.
I have shown what the revenues of the Post
Office Department were under the reduction of
postage that took place in consequence of the act
of 1845. For the fiscal years 1852,1853, we were
under the operation of the law that was passed
on the 3d of March, Idol, by which postage was
reduced to three cents for prepaid, and five cents
for unpaid letters.
Let me call the attention of the House to the
revenues of the Department under this condition of
things. In 1852 the revenues were $5,184,000—
being a reduction of more than one and a quarter
million of dollars. If the increase of letters had
been commensurate with the reduction of postage,
there should have been no loss of this million and
a quaiter of dollars—at all events the second year
should have come up to the former revenue. But
in 1853 the revenue was only $5,240,724, being
