200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
Now, for instance, take ray own State. The
present marshal lives in the vicinity of Raleigh,
the seat of government of the State, and has a
process to execute three hundred miles from Ra-
leigh, in the mountains of North Carolina. Was
it ever the expectation or the intention of the
framers of that law that he should get upon his
horse, with saddle-bags under him, or sit in his
buggy, with his pony before him, and drive
three hundred miles for the purpose of executing
that process ? Surely not. He has a deputy there
for the purpose of executing the process. The
law does not require actual travel to give him
the compensation. It would be absurd if it did.
But, yet, if I understand, according to the regula-
tions issued from the comptroller's office, he is
required to make an affidavit that he has actually
.performed the travel, or he is not entitled to the
compensation which the law gives him. He is
entitled to what? Why, a dollar—for executing
a writ three hundred miles from the place where
the return is to be made—or two dollars—or
whatever the legal fee may be.
Mr. President, it is just exactly a reproduction
of* the system of action which took place in that
office, some years ago, with regard to the com-
pensation of the memoersof the Senate—that com-
pensation which has always been called their
"constructive mileage," though that is a very
false and mistaken term by which to designate it.
We all recollect that, though the act of Congress
upon the subject requires that the amount of com-
pensation to which the members and officers of
^this body .are entitled shall be certified by the
Presiding Officer, and when so certified, shall
be^allowed and passed at the Treasury, the First
Comptroller refused to pass the accounts of the
Secretary of this body, though thus certified; and
we were under the necessity, before those accounts
could be paused, of putting a declaratory clause,
which I had the honor of moving in this body,
upon an appropriation bill, to the effect that the
certificates were conclusive upon the officers of the
Treasury Department of the Government. Now,
sir, we have got back exactly to the same situa-
tion with regard to allowances to be made to
marshals of the United St«tes, and a set of "reg-
ulations," as they are called, prescribing affidavits,
is put forth by the Fust Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, who has no more right to require an affidavit
to be taken than he has to require that a custom-
house shall be built. The affidavit, if made, is a
voluntary affidavit. The affidavit, if made, is one
which incurs not the legal penalties of perjury.
He might just as well require that the judge who
holds his court shall make affidavit that he has
discharged his duty before he shall be entitled to
compensation.
Allowances of judges pass for nothing with this
officer; the decisions of the courts pass for noth-
ing with him; the long-continued practice of the
Government passes for nothing with him; and
I say that the sole question raised, on the motion
of the Senator from Alabama, is, whether the
amount of compensation to be paid to these vari-
ous officers is to depend upon law or th'fe will of
the First Comptroller. I do hope that the com-
mittee to which this resolution is to be refeired
will endeavor, if possible, to fiame a bill—I say,
if possible; for God only knows whether it will
be possible for Congress to express its meaning
and sense in such a way as will not be set at de-
fiance openly or covertly—that the compensation
of the officers of the Government is to depend upon
the laws of the United States, and no^upon the
will of a subordinate in one of the executive de-
partments. Sir, I hope such a clause may be
framed. I feel myself under especial responsibil-
ity in this matter. I acknowledge my fault. I
ought to have known, when that bill was before
the Committee on the Judiciary, that every mis-
chief and every evil which special pleading could
introduce into the interpretation and application of
the law would arise, unless we specially provided
against it by the positive enactments of statute.
A Senator. Who is he?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. Whittlesey.
Mr. BADGER. Whoever he is, it is the same
thing to me. It is all wrong; and I hope this com-
mittee will report something that will enable us to
get on with decency and order in the judicial branch
of the Government.
Mr, ADAMS. It is not my purpose to object
to the passage of the resolution as modified. It
seems to me, however, that some Senators are
laboring under a slight mistake in relation to the
operation of the law to which they have taken ex-
ception. They seem to treat it as prescribing a
right and privilege, or as conferring a benefit upon
these highly respectable officers. That much is
true; but the fees of the officers do not come out
of the Treasury. The effect is, that one of our
constituents is benefited at the expense of the
pockets of the others. I have no objection to any
Senator bringing forward a scale of compensation
for the marshals and clerks in his State which will
be satisfactory to his constituents. They may do
as they please in regard to that matter. The ques-
tion is one for their own constituency to determine;
and I think myself that it should be regulated by
the views of the Representatives of the different
States.
I may state here that I do not see that there is
any very great advantage in suing in the Federal
courts, in ordinary cases, in the interior. Take
the case of a man who happens to make a con-
tract with a citizen out of his State to the amount
of more than five hundred dollars. The attorney
gets a tax-fee of twenty dollars to bring the suit
m the Federal courts, whereas the State courts
in some of the States, allow no tax-fee in such a
case. This is given as a bonus to the collecting
attorney. The parties go from one to two hun-
dred miles, with their witnesses, and the costs
will, in the end, amount to ten times as much as
if the suit had been brought in the State courts,
and the man gets his money no more speedily. I
therefore offer this amendment, which I hope will
also be adopted:
And that the committee inquire into the expediency of
abolishing the tax-fVe to attorneys in States where no tax-
fee is allowed by law in the State courts.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
CHARLES COOPER AND CO.
The bill for the relief of Charles Cooper & Co.
was read a second time, and-
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to pay to Charles Cooper & Co., of Bangor,
Maine, the sum of $300 for interest due to them
on a liquidated amount of $30,989, payable, by
contract, on the 13th of August, 1850, and then
duly required, but withheld until the 12th of Oc-
tober following, for want of an appropriation.
Mr. HAMLIN. The report of the Committee
on Claims perfectly explains the matter. Let it
be read.
The report was accordingly read.
It appears from it that there was due to the
claimants $30,989 on' the 13th of August, 1850,
under a contract with the Quartermaster's De-
partment; but as the appropriations for the fiscal
year 1850-'51 were not made until September 28,
3850, there were no funds in the hands of the dis-
bursing: officer to pay the amount until October
12. The committee think that, under these cir-
cumstances, the claimants are entitled to interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum for the de-
tention of the money.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
JAMES DUNNING.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next bill on theCalendar
is to provide for the payment of a claim growing
out of the same transaction, and resting on pre-
cisely the same ground. I therefore move that
the Senate now take up the next bill on the Calen-
dar, which is one for the relief of James Dunning.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to pay to James Dunning$255 98 for interest
due him on a liquidated amountof $13,472 62, pay-
able by contract June 18,1850, and then duly re-
quired, but withheld until October 12 for want of
an appropriation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
CHARLES A. KELLETT.
Mr. EVERETT, in accordance with previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of Charles A. Kellett; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVERETT. This is a bill which has
passed the Senate once without opposition, on the
unanimous report of the Committee on Com-
mewe, and it is a very small matter. I therefore
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to have
it read a second time now, with the view of
having it put upon its passage. I am sure there
will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a sec-
ond time and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund to Charles
A. itellett, or his legal representative, such sum
as has been paid to the collector of the port of
New York for tonnage duties and light money
on the entry of the Chinese junk Keying; pro-
vided the same shall not exceed five hundred
dollars.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President, I ask the
Secretary'to read the report of.the Committee on
Commerce of the last Congress, ft is only eight
lines long1. I desire it to be read to satisfy the
Senate of the propriety of the passage of the bill.
The report was read, from which it appears
that the junk was brought to this country not for
the purpose of commerce, but as an object of cu-
riosity; that the expenses far exceeded any re-
ceipts from its exhibition; that the proprietor is a
young man without property, and that his object
was to benefit science, by producing to the western
world a curiosity from the eastern. Upon those
grounds the committee unanimously reported the
bill for his relief.
Mr. EVERETT. The bill passed the Senate
| on that reportj but failed in the other House, as I
i am well informed, merely for the want of time,
f For that reason I hope the Senate will pass it now.
; The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CALEB GREEN.
Mr. BUTLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the petition of Caleb
Green, late clerk of the court of the United States
of Louisiana, asking remuneration for office rent,
has directed me to ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and to say
that it ought not to have been taken from the files
of the Senate, three adverse reports having already
been made upon it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to remark, that I addressed a letter to
the committee a few days since, requesting the
papers to be referred to the Treasury Department,
expecting some additional information to be re-
ceived.
Mr. BUTLER. There hfis been no new in-
formation received, as far as I know. I believe the
papers were sent to the Department; and it would
be the proper course there to transfer the case.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would suggest that that
couise should be pursued.
Mr. BUTLER. It will, perhaps, be better to
have it transferred to the Department. I so, the
Senator can make the motion to have it done,
after the Committee has been discharged from its
consideration.
j Mr. BUTLER subsequently said: I ask that
| the papers in the case of Caleb Green, upon which
I I reported adversely this morning, on the ground
j that there were three adverse reports upon them,
j be recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Senator from Louisiana informs me that
there is a communication from the Department^
which will alter the character of the case. I there-
fore make the motion to recommit the papers.
The motion was agreed to.
AMOS AND J. E. KENDALL.
Mr. PETTIT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred the
petition of A. and J. E, Kendall, praying com-
pensation as counsel and agents for the Cherokee
Indians, known as the Western Cherokees, or
Old Settlers, to ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and to move its reference to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WALKER. If there be any question in-
volved in the case, it is a legal one, for the facts,
I believe, are undisputed. It was to settle that
legal point that the subject was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I should regret to
