1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gfil
an increase of less than $50,000 over the previous
year, not more than equal to the increased busi-
ness of the country over that of the previous year.
I use this as an argument to show that your rates
of three and five cents have reduced the postage
of the country below the revenue point, and that
the five and ten cent rates is the true revenue
point as shown from these figures. If you desire,
then, to make the . Post Office Department a self-
sustaining Department of the Government, you
have facts and figures before you so that you can-
not err in coming to the true revenue point.
I will now point out the changes which the
committee propose to make in the postages of the
country. Your postage upon letters now, any-
where under three thousand miles, is three cents
where prepaid, and five cents where unpaid. We
propose to make the rate of postage, prepaid, for
any distance under three thousand miles, just
what it is now upon unpaid letters. It is not an
increase of postage upon unpaid letters, but it is
to make the rate five cents, what it is now upon
unpaid letters, and require prepayment. Some
gentlemen ask me why we require the postage to
be prepaid in stamps? The reason why we re-
quire tnis postage to be prepaid in stamps instead
of money is, that the finance bureau of the De-
partment, under this arrangement, will have a
complete check upon the postmasters of the coun-
try. What checks and balances have you now?
Nothing in the world but your post-bills. These
go from the small post offices in the country to
the distributing post offices, and from thence to
the General Post Office. Now, I venture the as- !
sertion, that if you take the whole clerical force in
the whole Post Office Department, and, in addi-
tion, if you take every person employed under
the control of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
partment, I venture the assertion that they cannot
balance the accounts, by mean^of these post-bills,
between one single postmaster of the country and
the Department, under the present system.
Why, sir, there are no checks at all now. The
Postmaster General himself acknowledges the
fact in his report made to us at the commencement
of this Congress. But the moment that the law
requires the postage on letters to be prepaid by
stamps, then you have a perfect check on every
postmaster in the country. It would be the most
perfect system of checks and balances that could
possibly be adopted.
I may be told that it would be a great inconve-
nience to the general public, and that it cannot be
expected thatgentl*menareto be always prepared
\yith postage stamps. Why, sir, it is not requi-
site that they should be always provided with post-
age stamps. If the gentleman from Maine, who
sets by me, for instance, has no postage stamp
to prepay his letter with, he has five cents to
pay for one. He goes to the postmaster of his
town, hands to him the letter and the five cents,
and the, postmaster affixes the stamp. Then
when this system is enforced, there is a "sufficient
check between the country postmasters and the
Post Office Department. The bill provides that
the prepayment of letters is not to take effect un-
til the first of January next, for the purpose of
enabling the Postmaster General to provide for the
issue of a new set of stamps, and to put them into
the hands of deputy postmasters. Whether the
postage remain at three cents, or be fixed at five
cents, it is important to require prepayment, and
that the prepayment be in stamps.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the next change proposed
in this bill is in regard to ocean postage. Your
committee have felt constrained to take that sub-
ject into their consideration. They have been
instructed to do so by the resolutions of this
House, and by resolutions referred to them from
the different State Legislatures. And your com-
mittee saw no good reason why you should charge
twenty cents for the transportation of a letter three
thousand miles by water, and only five cents for
the transportation of a letter three thousand miles
by land. Your committee could see no good
reason why you should charge anything more for
the transportation of a letter from New York to
Liverpool, a distance of three thousand miles,
than you should for the transportation of a letter
from Boston to Mobile, or to New Oi leans, or to
Houston, Texas, or to theTerritory of Minnesota,
Does it not cost Government just as much to trans-
port a letter by land as it does to transport it by
water? If therefore you charge twenty cents lor
the one, there is no good reason why you should
not make a like charge for the other. We pro-
pose therefore to reduce the ocean postage to just
the same as the cost by land. For instance, we
propose that when the letters are conveyed three
thousand miles, whether by land or water, the post-
age shall be five cents, and where the distance is
greater than three thousand miles, it shall be ten
cents. Where you have an established postage
agreed upon, by convention or treaty, between
this and a foreign country, we do not propose to
disturb such arrangement; and where such con-
vention or treaty may hereafter become necessary,
we propose that the rates may be changed by
such convention or treaty stipulation. But where
you have no postal regulations or convention rate
of postage, we propose that the postage shall he
the same on the ocean as the postage on the land;,
and 1 hope I shall receive the support of my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] and
the support of the gentlemen who represent
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and New Jer-
sey, who are clamorous for cheap ocean postage.
I say, I hope I shall receive their support for thus
much of the bill. As they are desirous and will-
ing to reduce the ocean postage to the specific
sum of five cents, I hope they will at the same
time assist in raising the postage upon land trans-
portation up to the same sum, knowing that it
costs just as much to transport a letter by land as
it does upon the ocean.
Allow me for a few moments to call your atten-
tion to the change which the committee recom-
mend in relation to the postage on printed matter.
The present rates are so unjust, that the Postmas-
ter General has called the special attention of the
committee to the subject. I will ask the Clerk to
read the paragraph which I have marked in his
communication.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I deem it my duty to use the present occasion to bring
to your notice the fact that the compensation of the postmas-
ters at the small oifieea was considerably reduced by the
operation of that provision of the 'Act to amend the act
entitled 4 Ah act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
age,5 &c., approved August 30, 1852, which declares that,
'When the postage upon any newspaper or periodical is
paid quarterly or yeaily in advance at the office where the
said periodica! or newspaper is delivered, or is paid yearly
or quarterly in advance at the office where the same is
mailed, and evidence of such payment is furnished to the
office of delivery in such manneras the Post Office Depart-
ment shall, by general regulations, prescribe, one half said
rates oniyshall becharged.' Thisdiscount of fifty percent,
allowed for prepayment, inures chiefly to the benefit of the
postmasters in the large towns and cities, where the pre-
payment is commonly made, and the country postmasters
have to deliver the papers and periodicals without any
compensation."
Mr. OLDS. It will be recollected, Mr. Speaker,
that when the act of the 30th of August, 1852,
was under consideration, in which act the rate of
postage upon newspapers and periodicals was
modified, an effort was made, and successfully, in
this House, to insert an amendment therein, sim-
ilar to that referred to by the Postmaster General.
It was afterwards inserted in the bill by the Sen-
ate. It was maintained m this House, that that
amendment would accrue to the benefit of pub-
lishers of newspapers and periodicals in the  ®rge
cities, and operate adversely to the interest of the
country newspaper press.
Senate, was amended there, and came back to this
House near the close of the session, and we were
obliged to take it as it was, with the amendment,
or lose all the good which was contained m the
other provisions of the bill. The House agreed
to the amendment under those circumstances, and
it became a law. .
The Postmaster General says it works great in-
justice to the country post offices, and I call the at-
tention of members of this House, who represent
rural districts, to the fact that it does great injus-
tice to the press, the newspapers of their districts.
And here, again, I shall meet with opposition
from gentlemen who represent the city press.
They will oppose this change for the reason ex-
pressed by my worthy friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Florence,] and they, like him, will vote
against it because it is a proposition which will not
advance the interest of their immediate constitu-
ents Inasmuch as it operates unequally and un-
justly, and is wrong in itself, I propose that it
shall be repealed. . ,,r.
But what is the justice of this reduction .' What
do you now charge for the transportation of
periodicals through the mails? You charge for
The bill went into the
their transportation anywhere within the United'
States, even to California, one cent for the .first
three ounces, and one cent for each additional
ounce. So it will be in thisbill, if you-repeal the
clause to which I refer—which clause provides for
a deduction of fifty per cent, prepayment. But •
as the law now stands, you receive only half or
a cent for carrying three ounces of periodicals
to California, and half a cent for each additional
ounce. Do gentlemen know what the transpor-
tation cost the Government? The cost of trans-
porting mail matter across the Isthmus alone to
twenty-four cents per pound—double the amount
which the Government receives for the whole post-
age upon periodicals going to the Pacific coast.
Is it not really worth a eent an ounce to carry
such matter from here to California? And the
same in regard to newspapers. Take, for exam-
ple, the Courier and Enquirer, of New York,
which weighs between two and a half and three-
ounces, and if this amendment, which is proposed
by the Post Office Committee, is adopted, you will
carry that paper from New York to NewOrl'eans,
to Texas, and to San Francisco, for one cent;
whereas, under the present rate, the Government
receives only half a cent, and one half of that jroea
either to the postmaster at New York or New
Orleans. Is one cent too much ? Is it more than
it costs the Government, considering that one half
goes to the postmaster for delivery? Is half a
cent per ounce too much to meet the expenses of
transportation? Can you ask the Go\ernmentto
do it for less? Why, then, is it that you have
inserted this provision? Why, sir, under this
provision, the publishers of papers in New York
and Philadelphia can go with their newspapers
and periodicals, to the little town in which I live
at home, and get as many subscribers as can be
obtained for the paper published in that town.
Its operation is against the presses in the rural
districts of the country, and every gentleman rep-
resenting one of the rural districts of the country
is bound, in justice to his constituents, to vote for
striking the provision out of the law which makes
a redaction of fifty per cent, upon periodicals
when they are paid in advance. If you can afford
to carry these periodicals for half a cent for the
first three ounces, and a half a cent for each ad-
ditional ounce, it would be much better to make
that provision m the first place, and not make a
law that the rate shall be one cent for the first
three ounces, and one cent for every additional
ounce, and then make a further provision that
there shall be a reduction of fifty per cent, in case
of prepayment.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to do any in-
justice to the city presses. I am willing to do
justice to the eastern States, and to the thickly-
settled portions of the country; but when I do
justice to them, 1 also desire to do justice to the
other parts of the country. But I repeat, that
there is no good reason why you should fix the
rate of postage upon the first tnree ounces at one-
cent, and then provide for a reduction of fifty per
cent., and 1 hope that provision of the existing
law will be stricken out. _ _
These, Mr. Speaker, are the provisions of the.
bill; and they are all the changes it proposes to.
make in the existing law. The effect of its pas-
sage will be to increase the revenue of the Post
Office Department at least $2,500,000, as I can
show from estimates which 1 have in m.y posses-
sion Pass this bill into a law^and' provide that
five 'cents shall be paid upon letters sent not
more than three thousand miles, and ten cents for
letters sent over that distance, and then when the
gentleman fj-om Georgia*or the gentleman from
Alabama, or the gentleman from Wisconsin, go to
the Postmaster General to get him to establish
some new post office, or to ask him to increase
the mail service upon some route in his district,
he will not be met with the plea that there is no
money in the treasury of the Department out of
which the expenses of these increased facilities
can be paid. _ .
'Now, in conclusion, let me say to those gentle-
men representing the eastern States, that their
railroads and their ocean steamers are swallowing
up all the revenues of the Post Office Department,,
and that it is but justice to them to go for some
provision which will give increased mail facilities
to the rural districts of the country. _
This is all I propose to say in relation to this
bill in its present stage. When the debate upon
