1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
see that committee discharged from its considera-
tion, and the case again referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, for that committee has already
done what it can do in the matter. It made a re-
port at the last session in favor of the claim, and
the case, when brought before the Senate.-, was
made to turn upon the legal question involved.
What the members of the Committee on Indian
Affairs desire, and what I presume the Senate de-
sire, is the legal opihion of the Committee on the
Judiciary in regard to the question of law involved
in the case.
Mr. PETTIT. I will say that I know nothing
of the contents of these papers myself, but I was
instructed to present them, as I have done, by the
members of the committee, who have examined
them. I have only obeyed the order of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WALKER. If the Judiciary Committee
desire to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the case, be it so; but I can see no utility
in sending it again to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I thereforeask adivision of the question.
The PRESIDENT. The question is first on
discharging the Committee on the Judiciary from
the further consideration of the petition.
The committee was discharged.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the motion to refer the memorial tb the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The motion was not agreed to.
REBECCA FREEMAN.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the Seriate to take up and
consider, at this time, the hill for the relief of Re-
becca Freeman, to which 1 am sure there can be
no objection. The bill has, during three succes-
sive Congresses, received the favorable consider-
ation of the Committee on Pensions of the House
of Representatives, and once passed that House
unanimously, and only failed m consequence of
its not being reached upon the Calendar in this
body. The lady for whose relief it is intended, is
now ninety years of age, the widow of a revolu-
tionary soldier.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Rebecca Freeman upon the list of pensioners, at
the rate of eight dollars per month during her
natural life, commencing the 27th January, 1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed
LEWIS B. WILLIS.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred House bill for the
relief* of Lewis B. Willis, has directed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and ask that it
he considered at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Lewis
B. Willis, late a paymaster in the Army of the
United States, $593 50, a balance ascertained to
be due him from the United States by a verdict
and judgment rendered in the distuct court of the
United States for the eastern district of Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and
was read a th rd time, and passed.
NEAV YORK VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the Senate to take up
and consider now, ££ the bill to reimburse the com-
mon council of New York city, for expenditures
made for the first regiment of New York volun- ,
teers.'* It has passed the Senate, I think, two or j
three times, and has been lost m the other House
merely for the want of time to consider it. I wish
to have it sent to the House as early as possiole
at this session, so that it may become a law, it
practicable, before the adjournment of Congress.
It was one of the first bills which was reported at
this session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
ceeded to consider the bill as ill Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War, ill
the settlement and adjustment of the claims of the
common council of New ork city, under the act
of Congress of June 2, 1848, for expenditures in
organizing, transporting, clothing, and subsisting
the first regiment'of New York volunteers, com-
manded by Colonel Ward B. Burnett, prior to the
mustering of that regiment into the service, to allow
such of those claims as may be supported by satis-
factory vouchers, although those vouchers may be
informal and defective for want of particularity,
with a proviso that the amount allowed shall not
exceed $3,672 40.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 18, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mileiirn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
for consideration is the motion to reconsider the
vote on the adoption of the resolution for the ap-
pointment of a committee of thirteen on the Pa-
cific railroad question.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. COBB. I also rise to a question of privi-
lege. Yesterday evening, just previous to the ad-
journment of the House, I obtained the floor, and
'moved to reconsider the vote by which the Pacific
railroad question was referred to a special com-
mittee of thirteen. I had listened to a great many
speeches, and felt much like speaking myself. I
thought that the opportunity 1 seized was the only
one upon which I couid get the iloor. 1 was un-
der the impression, at the time of submitting my
motion to reconsider, that when it came up for con-
sideration, I should be able to hang a speech upon
it; but, on examining the Journal this morning,
I have ascertained that the subject alluded to was
referred under the operation of the previous ques-
tion.
To get at the motion to reconsider, therefore,
the vote by which the call for the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question was
ordered to be put, would have to be reconsidered.
I am not very sorry, for I confess that this morn-
ing lam somewhat calmed down; I do not feel
so much like making a speech. Not wishing to
trammel the action of the House, I now withdraw
rav motion to reconsider.
Another reason for making the motion was, that
I thought thirteen was not a sufficient number to
compose the committee. 1 was of the opinion
that there should be at least one Representative of
every State of this Union upon that committee.
If any of the States which now desire the Pacific
railroad to pass through their limits should not
succeed in satisfying that desire, they would be
content with the decision, from the (act of their
interests having been represented by their own
Representatives. If it be the pleasure of the
House, i withdraw my motion to reconsider.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. The gentleman can only
withdraw the motion to reconsider by unanimous
consent.
Mr, COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to do so. !j
Mr. CLINGM AN. If nobody else renews the ]
motion, 1 shall interpose no objection to its with- I
drawal. If it be renewed, I shall move to lay it j
upon the tabie, to get rid of it. ., j
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider !
be withdrawn, it will not be in order to lenew it, j
the time m which it is m order to submit the mo- |
tion having expired. . ;
There was no objection, and the motion was .
withdrawn.
BALANCF.S DUE AT THE TREASURY.
Mr. CLINGM AN. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
' munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting, in conformity with the provisions of the
act of Congress approved 3d of March, 1S09,
entitled "An act further to amend the several
1 acts for the establishment and regulation of the
Treasury, War, and Navy Departments," and
the act passed 3d of March, 1817, entitled " Ail
act to provide for the prompt settlement of public
i accounts," a statement of the accounts which
remain due more than three years prior, to'the 1st
day of July, 1853, on the books of the Register of
the Treasury, and on the books of the First, Sec-
ond , and Third Auditors of the Treasury, respect-
ively, &c. '
Mr. HOUSTON. My impression is, that the
communication which has just been read, ought
tp be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is a statement of balances remaining due to the
Treasury, and it may be that some legislation i9 *
required on the subject. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
NAVAL REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior, .
furnished in compliance with a joint resolution of
Congress of 29th May, 1830, transmitting a list of
such persons as have made application for pen-
sions, and who ought, in the opinion of the De-
partment, to be placed on the pension roll, but for
doing which there was no provision of law; and
recommending that the act of February 3,1853, be
so extended as to embrace the widows of officers,
non-commissioned officers, mariners, and marines,
who served in the Navy of the United States during
the war of the Revolution in the same manner, ana
to the same extent, as provided for the widows of
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of
the Army.
Mr. MACE. I move that that communication
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no! I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the communication recommends the
giving of pensions to persons who have not got
them before. It therefore ought to go to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. MACE. The matter affects our land sys-
tem very much, and should go to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DEAN. I move that it be referred to the ,
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The question was first put on its reference to
the Committee on Public Lands, and it was die-
agreed to.
The question was then put on its reference to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, and it-
was agreed to.
THE PRINTING OP ESTIMATES, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Superintendent of Printing,
transmitting estimates of the amount which will
I be required to meet the deficiency in the appropri-
i ation for the contingent and other expenses of his
oflice, for ihe fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854,
for the printing and paper of estimates of the ap-
propriations of 1853.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the House
will not insist on having the whole of those esti-
mates read. Let the communication and egti-
, mates be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, as they relate to deficiencies in the appro-
priation, and that they be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was going
to object to the suspension of the reading of that
paper, but I am afraid I am not in time to do so.
It strikes me that there is a principle involved in
papeis of this kind which deserves the special con-
sideration of this House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is, that this is not a
question which is debatable.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House which the gentleman can debate. The
Chair therefore sustains the point of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to reconsider
the vole just made, and then 1 shall be in order.
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make
that motion, and will be in orderin debating it.
' Mr FLORENCE. I say, sir, that the prop-
1 osition which is involved in this communication,
' ! is so important that the paper ought to be read to
i the House. . ,
Mr. WHEELER. Let it be read. _
'! Mr FLORENCE. When the question of the
! printing of documents is before the House I hear
1 Gentlemen complaining of extravagance.
; ° Mr. PHELPS. 1 withdraw my suggestion,
] and hope the communication will be read. 1 am
