912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13.
it shall have been closed, I shall avail myself of
my right to reply to such objections as may have
been raised against it,
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish simply to ask the
gentleman from Ohio this question: Whether,
during the last ten months preceding the month
of April, there has not been an increase of twelve
hundred post offices in the country, and whether
by the first of June next there will not be an in-
crease of two thousand ? If that be the case—if
wecan increase two thousand each year, it appears
to me that we are not so poor as the gentleman
would make out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman a question. Isnotthe increase of which
he speaks under a provision of the law which ex-
pressly provides that the mail facilities shall not
be diminished in consequence of the reduction of
the postage and the diminution of the revenue,'
And is.not the deficiency of means supplied by a
withdrawal of the money from the Treasury of
the United States ?
Mr. OLDS. The act of the 3d March, 1851,
in the sixth section, contains a provision that the
compensation of postmasters shall not be reduced
inconsequence of the reduction which it makes in
the postage of the country. The seventh section
provides that the Postmaster General shall not do
away with any post office or post route; that he
shall give the same increase of mail facilities as
though the act had not passed. Now, I will give
the increase of postmasters for the satisfaction of
the gentleman from Vermont.
On the 30th of June, 1850, it was 18,417; on
the 30th of June, 1851, it was 19,706; on the 30th
of June, 1852, itwas 20,009; on the 30th of June,
1853, it was 22,320.
And it will be recollected, Mr. Speaker, that
the last Congress established nearly two thousand
new post routes in the country, all ofwhichcalled
for new offices and ail of which would have had ser-
viee and offices in accoidance with the provision of
the seventh Kection ofthe law of the 3d of March,
1851, had it not been for the fact that thePostmas-
ter General did not wish to cripple the revenues of
his office by doing so. Now there are constant
complaints by gentlemen representing the south-
ern and western districts, that they cannotgef their
increased mail facilities. They cannot get their
increase of post offices, because they are met by
the Postmaster General with the declaration that
the revenues of the Department are crippled.
Mr. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman consider that a sufficient excuse on the
part of the Postmaster General for denying these
increased mail facilities ?
Mr. OLDS. I answered that when I said that
if you could entirely abandon the idea of making
the Post Office Department a self-sustaining one,
and make it a charge on the Treasury, just as you
do your Army and Navy, then no Postmaster
General would feel himself crippled. But until
you do that, you, Mr. Speaker, and the gentle-
man from Illinois, will find that it will be a cry
raised on the stump, as well as here, against the
Postmaster General, that the expenditures of the
Department are $^,500,000 over and above the re-
ceipts. He will feel himself bound to keep the
expenditures down in consequence of this cry
being constantly made against him.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. COBB, who said: If the gentleman will
allow me, as there are but a few minutes before
the expiration of the morning hour, I will move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If thegentle-
man from Pennsylvania consents, I will submit a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, CHANDLER. U was my desire to reply
to some remarks of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, but as it is
likely that the subject is to come up again, 1 will
yield to what appears to be the inclination of gen-
tlemen. But before I take my seat, I desire to
express the hope that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary [Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee] may be allowed to report one or two bills
which are absolutely necessary. 1 now take my
seat, considering that I shall be entitled to the floor
when the subject again comes up.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the Ju-
dicary, reported " a bill to modify the judicial
system of the United States;" which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. S. said: My object in reporting that bill
is to have it printed in order that the House may
see and understand it. It is a bill of great im-
portance, and may require some attention. 1 pro-
pose to recommit it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to my colleague that the better way would be to
let it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed.
Mr. STANTON. I think it would be better to
keep it pending during the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. A bill of this importance, and
that requires action, can certainly be taken up at
almost any time.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the bill reported by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be made the special order for this
day week, and be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be
made bv unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. SAGE. Would a motion to postpone the
further consideration of the bill be in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone to a
day certain would be in order.
Mr. PHELPS. Is there not a motion pending
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Thereis.
Mr. OLDS. I hope, if the consideration of the
bill is postponed at all, it will be put off for four
weeks, as 1 am under tiie necessity of going home.
I will consent to a motion to postpone it for four
weeks.
Mr. SAGE. Then I move thatthe furthercon-
Bideration ofthe bill be postponed for four weeks,
and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to the floor
upon this subject.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia will probably yield the floor to allow the bill
to be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair mentions the fact
because the floor cannot be taken from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for any such purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield the floor to enable
the motion to postpone to be made.
Mr. SAGE. I then move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till this day
four weeks, and that it be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. SAGE. I will do so, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. LETCHER. I will renew it.
Mr. SAGE. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the consideration of
the bill will not be postponed, but that it will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It seems to me that we have
swapped the devil for a witch. [Laughter.] We
have at last got rid of the Committee on Public
Lands, and now the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads are trying to put all their
bills upon their passage. I hope we shall have
no more postponements. I now renew the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SAGE. On that motion I call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not debatable, and, in fact, the previous question
would cutoff that motion.
Mr. SAGE. Then 1 withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sace's
motion, (as renewed by Mr. Letcher;) and it
was agreed to.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB. I believe that it is the general dis-
position of the House to go on with and pass the
graduation bill; and I therefore move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
that motion, and allow me to move to postpone the
consideration of the special order for one hour.
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; we can get through with
the bill in thirty minutes. No one is disposed to
speak on the subject for more than five or ten
minutes. «
Mr. UPHAM. Ts it in order for me to present
a report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order until the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama has been
disposed of.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fuller
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being House bill (No. 1) to
encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is the head of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culti-
vation of the same for the period herein specified,
and to graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to amend the seventh
section by striking out *4 one dollar" and insert-
ing " sixty-two and a half cents" in lieu thereof.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw that amendment.
Mr. LILLY. I desire to offer an amendment
at the end of the seventh section.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
already pending:, proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr Bissell,] to strike out the words
<( one dollar" and insert in lieu thereof ft ninety
cents."
Mr. BISSELL. I will withdraw that amend-
ment, if theie be no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then recurs
upon the motion to strike out the remainder of the
seventh section.
Mr. LILLY. I propose to add at the end of
the seventh section, the following proviso:
Nor to any public lands lying within fifteen miles of any
railroad, winch Has heen or hereafter may be constructed,
either in whole or in part, by donation* of public lauda by
Congress.
The proviso to this section reads as follows:
(( Provided, This section shall not be so construed as to
extend to lands reserved to ihe United States, in acts grant-
ing land to Slates for railroad or other internal improve-
ments, or to mineral lands held at over $1 25 per acre."
I understand gentlemen who are in favor of
these railroad grants to make an argument of this
kind: That the alternate sections of land reserved
are worth double the price now that they were be-
fore the reservations were made, and that those
lands which were in market at 25 per acre,
previous to the passage of these railroad bills, are
now worth $2 50 per acre. And not only so, but
gentlemen have said that lands fifteen or twenty
miles remote from these railroads, are greatly en-
hanced in value, and brought into market. The
proviso which I have ottered reserves lands for
fifteen miles from the operation of this section—
thus securing the benefit which these gentlemen
say will accrue to the United States. According
to the provisions of the bill as it now stands, those
lands which are seven miles, or just without the
alternate sections, if they have been in market for
thirty years, will be sold for twelve and a half
cents per acre. The object I have in view in the
proviso I have offered is, that the United States
shall have the full benefit of any improvement in
the price of lands, whether they are within six
miles of the reserved sections or not. I hopegen-
tlemen who are infavorof these railroad bills, will
have no objection to the adoption of the proviso I
have offered. It is designed by the proviso, that
the United States shall have the benefit of any in-
crease in the price of the lands within fifteen miles
of the railroads which may be constructed by
grants of public lands.
Mr. COBB. I do not want to occupy the time
of thecommittee for more than two or three min-
utes on this amendment of the gentleman from
New Jersey, as my object is to get this bill out of
the way of the other business waiting for action-
If the gentleman from New Jersey will examine
