THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, TvASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1854.
■the bill, he wiii find that there is a proviso which
renders his amendment in part unnecessary. It
provides to except the lands reserved to the United
States, or those given to the States for railroad or
Other purposes, for internal improvements, or the
mineral lands held at #1 25 per acre.
Mr. LILLY, I ask the gentleman how far that
proviso extends?
Mr. COBB. Just as far as the lands extend.
I shall make no formal speech now in reply to the
gentleman's argument; but I hope his amend-
ment will not pass, but that the committee will go
on with the bi/i. / have been preparing to make
a speech on this subject, which I would like to
■deliver; but for the sake of progressing with the
business in the House, I am willing to forego the
opportunity of doing so, and will wait till I get
home, when I will give it to my constituency.
'{Laughter.] I shall retain that speech; it is a
good one. I hope the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New Jersey will not be adopted.
The question was taken; and the anferidment
was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I propose to offer
•the following amendment.
In the seventeenth line of the seventh section,
strikeout the words "subject to sale at twelve
And a half cents per acre,51 and insert " shall be
ceded to'the States in which they lie."
I presume, Mr. Chairman, that there is no ques-
tion which so much divides the Democratic party
< of this country, as this public land question. So
long as the -Congress ot the United States shall
have the control of the public lands, so long will
the Democratic party not be a unit in this coun-
try. It has been the policy of one of the most dis-
tinguished statesmen belonging to that party to
which we belong—and a gentleman whose views
•were certainly more Democratic, at least, I think
so, than any of thestatesmen who have lived under
the Constitution of the United States—I mean Mr.
Calhoun, of South Carolina. It was his policy,
a cherished policy of his life, to get rid of the
question of the public lands, by ceding them to
the States in which they lie, under some condition
or other.
It strikes me that the amendment which I pro-
pose is one which the gentlemen of the southern
States, at least, who cherish the memory and prin-
ciples of Mr. Calhoun, cannot object to, After
lands have been in market for some twenty-five
years, and when they cease to be wotth twenty-
live cents per acre, it seems to me that it would be
the true policy of the Government of the United
States to yield them to the States in which they
lie. That would be, I say, the true policy of the
Government, not only upon principle but as a
matter of economy. If lands are not worth more
than twelve and a half cents per acre, why, it
would cost more to keep up your Land Office, and
to sell them, than the revenue which would be
produced by the sale of them.
True, Mr. Chairman,it would take a long time
—thirty years—to get rid of this public land ques-
tion in Congress, under the proposition which I
have submitted. But Congress would get rid of
it in that time, and it would be far better that this
should be done, rather than that the question
should continue to divide the Democratic party of
this country.
Mr. DISNEY. The propositions that have
been made to amend the original bill are, in my
opinion, all of them bad, but the proposition of
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] as I
understand it, is infinitely worse.
This is not the occasion, but I shall avail my-
self of an early opportunity to address the House
at length in regard to our policy in reference to the
public domain. But let me say here in general
terms, that the House is generally laboring under
a grievous error in regard to the true history of
the action of Congress in relation to the public
domain.
This bill as it stands ought to be entitled—for
such will be its inevitable effect—" A bill to retard
the settlement of the frontiers of the country,"
because, as I remarked yesterday, the demand
58
New Series....No.-5,8.
for the public domain is of necessity and of itself
limited in amount. So if you hold out inducements
to settle the older of the land States of the Union,
by cheapening the price of the land therein, you
prevent emigration to the newer parts of the
country. ^ But if the present policy of the coun-
try is insisted on, and adhered to, you will people
the wilderness, and cause to mingle in a few years,
the population of the Pacific with that of the Atlan-
tic coast. If you resist that progress and change
the present land policy, and depart from the princi-
ple which has been heretofore pursued, you will
change the entire system of things, and bring back
the Government to the policy of disposing of the
lands of the older States of the Union first—I re-
peat it, you will arrest the settlement of the newer
portions of the public domain.
Now, f heard a gentleman yesterday illustrating
the position of the Government in regard to the
public lands, by comparing it to the case of prop-
erty held by the churches of the middle ages m
England. Gentlemen who talk thus are too well
informed seriously to insist upon an illustration
or parallel of that sort. That was a case where
the ecclesiastical power of the country overshad-
owed and pressed down the yeomanry of the
j country.
| Complaints were made of the same sort, and
j from the same quarter, of the grasping power of
| the General Government in regard to the public
[domain. Is that true? Do the facts eustain the
I charge? Has not the Government, on the con-
j trary, been liberal in the extreme in this respect?
; Look at your preemption laws. Why, sir, but
j the other day this House passed a bill absolutely
making a free and naked gift of land to actual
■ settlers upon the public domain. And yet gentle-
men, who are in favor of this bill, stand up here
and talk about the overbearing power and the
grasping disposition of this Government in regard
to the public lands.
Sir, this question connected with the disposition
of the public domain is, as I understand it, en-
tirely misunderstood by very many gentlemen
upon this floor. Congress has not heretofore
voted away, as donations and as naked gifts,
large portions of the public domain; but, as I
shall undertake to show, and shall show conclu-
sively from'the records of the country, theamount
thus voted away is exceedingly limited—not ex-
ceeding fifty thousand acres, instead of the hun-
dreds of millions of acres, as asserted by a gentle-
man the other day. All "these things I shall notice
in proper time.
I now come back to this bill. Its effect will be
to retard the settlement of the frontier of our
country. It will prevent the extension of those
settlements, and limit them to those portions of
the public domain which lie within the older land
States of the Union. That policy, in my judg-
ment, is unwise, and ought not to be sustained by
this House. I show-ed yesterday, and showed
conclusively, that in 1828, according to a report
from the General Land Office, fifty millions of
acres of the public land remained unsold, which
had been in market for a long period of time; and
yet, in 1840—only twelve years subsequent to the
date of that statement—nineteen million two hun-
dred and seventeen thousand six hundred and forty
one of these same fifty millions—barely exceed-
ing one third of the quantity—had been sold fora
sum exceeding; the amount estimated as the value
of the whole in 1828.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Jones, of Louisiana; and it j
was not agreed to. j
Mr. SICELTON. I move to amend in the tenth '
line by striking out the word "twenty,"and insert-1
ing the word "twenty-five," so that the clause!
may read: ]
" And fill of tlie lands of the United States that shall have !
been in niaiker for twenty-five years or upwards, as afor«- j
smd, and stii! remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale at
fifty cents per acie."
Mr. Chairman, the bill which we have now
under consideration, I believe to be one of great
importance to the country. The principle involved
in it is, to my mind, the same as that involved in
the bill called the homestead bill. The main ob-
ject ot both of these bills is to secure, as rapidly
as possible, the settlement and cultivation of the
public lands. This is an object which will be
conceded by every American citizen as highly de-
sirable to attain; and I am astonished to find that
many of the Representatives from the new States 
from the Slates in which these lands are located-^,
should object to the passage of this bill.
The honorable chairman of the Committee oft
Public Lands, who has just taken bis seat, [Mr.
Disney,] says the effect of the passage of this bill
will be to pi event the settlement upon the public
lands which have come into market at a later
period upon the remote frontiers of the country.
That will be its effect to some extent, it is true;
but I ask gentlemen representing the" States ia
which the lands to which this bill principally ap-
plies, whether it is not for the interest of their
constituents that these- lands should be settled as
rapidly as- possible? Is it not for their interest
that these lands, which are now an uncultivated
wilderness, should become peopled by hardy and
industrious settlers?
Sir, the argument of the gentleman from Ohio,
to my mind, has no weight at all. The object of
the Government, in disposing of its public lands,
should be to secure their speedy settlement^
whether it be of lands which have been in the
market a long or a short time. This bill will, in
my opinion, promote that object; because it will
secure the settlement and cultivation of the waste
lands of the country. Calculate for a moment
what would be the effect of cultivating these lands
which have been in the market twenty or thirty
years. Let them be put under cultivation, and
how many crops would it take to pay the price
for them at $1 25 per acre ? How many years
would it require? Why, sir, every crop would .
pay ten times over the amount the General Gov-
ernment will get for them; and' if, in the last
twenty years, while these lands have been lying
an uncultivated waste, they had been under culti-
vation, the benefit which would have resulted
therefrom is incalculable; it is a hundred times
over the value of the lands to the Government,
Hence it should be the object of every man to se-
cure the cultivation and settlement of these lands
as rapidly as possible. ,
But the gentleman tells us that by this bill you
will not get the lands taken up as rapidly as would
otherwise be the case; that the lands upon your
frontiers will not betaken. Now, sir, there are
many persons in the older States who have not
the means of taking themselves and families to the
frontier settlements, who would very gladly avail
themselves of the opportunity of settling upon
some of these lands, if the price were reduced
within their means to purchase.
But again, the effect of this bill will beto attract
and draw off many who otherwise would go to
your cities for homes. It holds out inducements
to them to go into your western States, and culti-
vate the soil. Thus many would be drawn from
the purlieus of vice and corruption in your cities,
and become hardy and industrious citizens of the
western States.
If I could satisfy myself that the Senate would
pass the homestead bill, I should prefer that to
this. But the fears which I entertain in'reference
to the fate of that hill, forces me to support this
as the next best proposition to secure the settle-
ment of the public lands of the country. I re-
peat, sir, that the object of this Government in dis-
posing of the public lands should not be to secure
as much revenue from them as possible; it should
be to settle them as speedily as possible. These
lands should be cultivated. We want the pro-
ducts of the soil, and we want men to produce
them 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WADE. It seems to me that the views
which have been taken in reference to this bill,
are entirely erroneous. "I do not know what
quantity of land under it will be subject to entry
at twelve and a half cents,- or what quantity at
