THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
/ and emoluments t>f a surveyor prescribed
by the act of Congress approved March 2, 1831,
providing for the payment of duties at certain
points therein mentioned; and that said port of
delivery shall be, and is hereby, annexed to and
made part of the collection district -pf New Or-
Mr. WENTWORTH. There is nothing in
this , bill but what is' of common occurrence at
every session of Congress. These matters are
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and by
them to the Secretary of the Treasury. If he rec-
ommends them we report bills to the House, with
recommendations that they do pass. If he does
not recommend them we do not report bills. I
presume that this House, during the present ses-
sion, ^will be called upon to pass twenty or thirty
bills pf a like character with the one under con-
sideration. It has not been customary to object
to their "passage immediately subsequent to their
introduction. There is nothing novel proposed,
and I trust that it will be immediately passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WENTWORTH. f am not yet through;
but if the gentleman desires any information
I shall be glad to give it to him. I am perfectly
familiar with the whole subject. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH. I asked for information" from
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] I
did not see what was the purpose in view to have
the bill passed. The gentleman replied, tartly,
that he never offered a biU unless he had some
object in view. I did not mean to offend his intel-
ligence by making any such proposition.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I take back anything
that I may have said objectionable to the gentle-
man .
Mr. SMITH. I am not asking the gentleman
to take back anything. When I propounded the
interrogatory to the gentleman, I thought that he
would have frankly given me the information I
desired. I understood from him that the purpose
was to afford facilities for the reception of a cer-
tain amount of railroad iron which was expected
daily in New Orleans. I hear, from the reading of
the bill, that the real purpose is to get the whole
custom-house machinery established at Cluincy,
in the State of Illinois. Well, we are told by the
gentleman who spoke last on this subject, that this
is a matter of course; that there probably will be
some twenty or thirty bills of the same character
passed during the present session. That presents
to the consideration of the House a very grave
question. Do we mean to scatter these establish-
ments all over the country? Dq we mean to in-
crease the patronage of the Federal Government,
which we have been told years ago was increasing
and must be diminished ? It is obvious that if this
bill passes there will be a large addtion to the pub-
lic expenditures, as well as a large addition to the
number of the public officials; and I confess, with-
out some very strong reason for it, that that would
be with me sufficient objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What can we do to
stop the growth of the West which requires these
facilities ?
Mr. SMITH. I can only say to the gentleman
that I would not have the growth of the West
stopped; but I have such respect for it, that I would
not extend needlessly the Inderal patronage within
its limits. I would have it always sturdy, inde-
pendent, honest, and free from the influence of the
Federal power.
Mr. WENTWORTH. With the gentleman's
permission, I will say, that rather than increase
the Executive patronage there, I would be willing
to take up some of the nominal custom-houses in
the eastern States.
Mr. SMITH. I dare say that the gentleman
would be willing to take anything which was to
benefit himself.
Mr. WENTWORTH. To be sure I would, if
my constituents so desired.
Mr. SMITH. I know, from my knowledge of
the gentleman, that he is ready to do anything for
himself; but I wish him to understand that I am
not willing to cariy on this Government with an
increased and continually increasing amount of
public patronage. I am open to conviction. I
wish to be informed. I put it to this House
whether the policy involved in the bill is a sound
one; whether itjmeans to make ports of delivery
at every town on the huge rivers of the West? I
want to know whether there are not one hundred
places in the western'country entitled as muclKas
the one referred to to such an establishment?
The House will readily see that there is a
very important principle involved. I do not know
that I shall seriously oppose this thing; I may be
misinformed upon the aubject; but I desire to
know why it is that this bill ought to be taken out
ofe-its ordinary course. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr, Wkntworth] tells us that it is neces-
sary to have it passed now in'order that benefit
may be had from the railroad iron which is now
expected at New Orleans. Why cannot it be de-
livered at that city as well as atGtuincy? Will
there be any incumbrance, any difficulty, any ob-
stacle, any expense, unreasonable and extraordi-
nary, to follow the delivery of it at New Orleans ?
I cannot see that there is to be any such result;
and while I am not disposed to obstruct the growth
of the West—for no man would be bold enough
to make such an attempt, as history shows that
the efforts, such as have been made elsewhere,
have proved useless—yet] cannot see the neces-
sity of this thing; and I move that the matter be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Besides, Mr. Speaker, I un-
derstand that this bill gives salaries, and that, m
itself, compels it to take that destination. It pro-
vides salaries for a number of officers.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to answer the last ob-
jection of the gentleman from Virginia. The bill
does give a salary—a salary of §350 a year, with
the emoluments, not to exceed a certain sum. It
does not make any appropriations. The committee
had that matter .under consideration. They in-
quired into it; they consulted the head of the Treas-
ury Department m reference to the measure before
they reported it. It is a matter of importance.
Under our warehousing system—I would suggest
to the gentleman—where iron is imported and ex-
amined at New Orleans, and is sent up to the
country, it must, under the existing laws, be de-
livered at some other port of delivery—at St.
Louis, for instance—which makes great expense
of transhipment and storage, and which, as he
must be aware, is a very expensive and onerous
system to'the company, by reexportation and re-
shipment. And, further, the bill secures advan-
tages to this railroad company, in importing this
iron, and carrying it, and putting it in bond at
Cluincy, to be taken out and consumed as it may
be wanted from time to time; and enables them
to enjoy the whole of the benefits of the ware-
housing system as they do at other places.
Mr. SMITH. I askthegentlemanfrom Maine
if that difficulty on his part would not beobviated
at once if those duties were paid at New Orleans?
Mr. FULLER. That is very true.
SMITH. Well, I would ask the gentle-
man for further information, as I am really seek-
ing for information. He says that the bill pro-
vides for a salary of $350 a year. Does it not also
provide that that officer shall have theappointment
of inferior officers?
Mr. FULLER. He has only theappointment
to one solitary oifice.
Mr. SMITH. However, we know how these
offices multiply.
Mr. FULLER. I would say, in this connec-
tion, to the gentleman, that under the existing law
it may be very desirable fur these railroad com-
panies not to advance the duties on iron, or to pay
for it at New Orleans, when they may import it
into the interior. Therefore I believe it is but
dealing out equal justice to all that this matter
should be considered, and that the bill should be
passed, and Ctuincy made a port of delivery, as
various other places are.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] propounded to me the in-
terrogatory, why I demanded the passage of this
bill now ? I will explain why. He assumes that
this matter of railroad iron is the only reason for
making Q,uincy a port of delivery. I did not
mean to be so understood, and I do not mean so
to be understood now. I mean to say here, that
there is a necessity for making the city of Ctuincy
a port of delivery, independent of this transaction
in relation to railroad iron. That 1 only alluded
to for the purpose of showing the necessity of the
immediate passage of the bill.
I will state, for the information of the gentleman
from Virginia, that the city of Ctuincy is the largest
town upon the Mississippi river above St. Louis;
that she does more business, and has around her a
better settled and more fertile country than any
other city above St. Louis. There are ajt her port,
during each year, over a thousand steamboats.
There is an immense amount of business transacted
there, the details of which I have—not here, but
at my room—and to which I could refer him, show-
ing the necessity of making that place a port of
delivery, independent of this matter of railroad
iron.
I deem it due that I should make this statement,
in order that the assumption made by thegentleman
from Virginia may be understood by the members
of the House.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman seems to think
that it is a terrible thing to have an increase in
officers. What is this to which he is making
thi's suggestion? It is, that you are to have [an
officer there to whom you are to pay three hundred
and fifty dollars a year. What amount, let me
ask, are you receiving from the commerce which
departs from, and goes to, that point each year?
The gentleman will find, if he will make the cal-
culation for himself, that the Government is a
gainer by the operation.
If it is his intention to vote against all proposi-
tions for the" increase of officers in the western
country, he will find ample opportunity during
this session, and during all subsequent sessions,
when he may be here to give his vote. There is
no reason why the decision of this question should
be delayed. I,t is demanded by'the public neces-
sity. It has been reported by a committee of this
House, and recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, who is supposed to understand these
matters. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the call for the previous question. I
will renew it.
. Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly; I do not de-
sire to gag any gentleman.
Mr. SMITH. I conceive that what has now
occurred is a good illustration of the impolicy of
ever taking business out of its regular and usual
course. When the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson]—towards whom, of course, I enter-
tain all proper respect—asked that this bill be put
upon its passage, ne stated that it was the arrival
of railroad iron which required the passage of this
bill, and without which it would be of no avail.
That was one reason why 
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.). I will
explain to the gentleman. The immediate pas-
sage of the bill was demanded particularly on that
account.
Mr. SMITH. That was the reason assigned,
and, as I understood it, the only reason; and a very
good reason, too, it may be, if there are no other
objections. Well, if was deemed important at
once to have it passed, in consequence of railroad
iron having arrived, which was required for imme-
diate use.
The gentleman suggests that it would be im-
portant, perhaps, to that company to have time
for the payment of duties that would be assessed
upon this importation, which might lie in the
country for a year or more before it could be called
for use. One gentleman wants the bill passed be-
cause there is an immediate necessity for it in con-
sequence of the urgent demand for the use of this
: iron. The other gentleman wants it passed in
order to get rid of the interest upon the payment
of duties in New Orleans, in consequence of the
company not needing it for some time—perhaps
for a year or two to come. These are the antag-
onistic reasons assigned. Let us look at them for
a moment. Is there any necessity for paying
duties if the iron remains in New Orleans? None
at all. Iron may be imported, put into store there,
and it will remain thpre until it is wanted for use.
Then it is obvious that there is no necessity for
paying interest; none at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will thegentleman per-
mit me to say that, if we make Gtuincy a port of
delivery, we can have railroad iron there, and take
it from time to time, as we want to use it. If it
-emains in New Orleans, we cannot get it as we
may want it.
Mr. SMITH. I am not as well-acquainted
with the navigation interests of Q,uincy as the
gentleman himself; but he told us a while ago that
