1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n$
Of the surveyed lands there have been granted—
For educational purposes  11,199.973 acres.
For military bounties  24,841,980 "
And for internal improvements  16,607,013 "
Making  52,748,966
There yet remain of the surveyed lands 90,940,709 acres,
worth (after deducting the cost of selling yet to be
borne) §116,018,641
And 137,635,629 acres, worth (after deducting
the expense of surveying and selling)  161,873,263
Making  277,891,904
To which add the net profits received for lands
actually sold   53,289,465
And we find that, while the purchase, survey,
and sate ol the public lands will, in the end,
have cost £88,994,013, the net amount which
will have been realized therefor is the enor-
mous sum of $331,181.3i
The CHAIRMAN. The pending motion is to
strike out the word " perjury."
Mr. BISSELL. I object to striking out the
word " perjury," because 1 think the bill will be
less perfect if that word is omitted. 1 should be
very siorry to see anything done which would
weaken the prospect for the success of this hill.
There has been scarcely a bill before the House
conceived, as I believe, in better policy than the
one now under consideration. I look upon it as
a sequel, and a very appropriate one, to the home-
stead bill. What was the argument adduced in
support of that bill ? It was that the Government
itself derived an indirect profit from having the
public lands brought into a productive state; that
the wealth and the number of freeholders of the
country would be greatly increased thereby. Will
not this bill have precisely the same fffect?
if a man can now buy at the rate of one dollar
per acre, lands which were previously held at
$1 25 per acre, or if he can buy now for fifty cems
what $1 25 was formerly asked for, or if he can
buy now for twelve and a half cents lands which
were formerly held at that higher price, will there
not be many men who will then be able to buy
and cultivate (he lands who had been previously
prevented from doing so in consequence of the
high price? How, therefore, can those gentlemen
who voted for the homestead bill prevail upon
themselves to vote against this one ?
Thegentieman fromNew York inquires whether
the bill is to benefit both the rich and the poor, or
on which of these classes it is intended to confer
benefits." Sir, I really never thought to ask my-
self that question. 1 am not in the habit of being
actuated by such motives in legislating for the
country. 1 do not care to inquire into this ques-
tion now. 1 do not know whether the rich or the
poor will profit most by it. I was going to say,
and as a legislator i do say, that I do not care—
though as a man perhaps I might. But, sir, I
think it will be a greater benefit to the poorer
classes than to the rich. Very few rich men care
to buy three hundred and twenty, and no more,
acres of land at this reduced price. It is a very
little object to a rich man. Therefore, 1 think that
a much larger proportion of those who are in needy
circumstances will be benefited by this bill than of
the wealthy.
But it is said that if the homestead bill passed
by this House should become a law, there is no
necessity for the bill now under discussion. Those
who say so seem to forget that those who may be-
come actual settlers under that homestead bill, are
bound to settle on alternate sections and parts of
sections, thus leaving as many sections and parts
of sections not liable to the provisions of the
homestead law as there are sections and parts of
sections. This difficulty is intended to be obvi-
ated under the bill before us.
The land is not all of equal value. If you
would be consistent, unless you reduce the price
of ceitain lands, you ought to raise the price of
others. I repeat what 1 said on this subject yes-
terday. It is absurd to hold at a uniform hori-
zontal price all our public domain, differing as it
does in value on account of quality, on account of
the facility of getting to market, and on account of
a thousand other reasons, which regulate the
value of land in all countries. Either reduce the
price of a portion of the lands which are now atl
fixed at the one price, or else raise the price of a
portion of them so that the prices may correspond
in some way with the real value of these lands.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] argues
and objects, that if we pass this bill,actual settlers,
instead of rushing over into the unoccupied terri-
tories, and crowding out the Indians, will stop and
settle on their route in some of the older States. 1 j
see no objection in that.
Mr. DlSNEY. I do.
Mr. BISSELL. Well, I cannot imagine what
good objection there can be to that. I uo not see
what objection the gentleman from Ohio should
have to have two hundred thousand acres of public
lands in one of the older States settled on and cul-
tivated under this law, as it would have the effect
of causing 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. I withdraw that amendment.
Objection was made to the withdrawal.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move to amend
by striking out the entire ninth section of the bill.
The ninth section, Mr. Chairman, provides that
persons shall not enter more than three hundred
and twenty acres of land under the provisions of
this bill. .Now, 1 am in favor of this bill, because
it reduces and graduates the price of the public
lands; because it enables theGeneial Government
to sell the lands and receive a revenue for them,
which they will not be able to do so long as the
+ands are retained by the Government at the price
of $1 25 per acre. 1 live in a new State, as well
as other gentlemen who seem to have a contempt
for the intelligence of everybody who happens to
differ with them in opinion. 1 live m one of the
new States; and I know that there are many thou-
sands, and many hundreds of thousands acies of
land m the State of Louisiana which never can be
sold at the rate of $1 25 per acie; and there are
thousands and hundreds of thousands of acres
which can never be disposed of for a dollar, or
even for seventy-five cents an acre; yet this very \
land might be sold for twenty-five cents, or twelve j
and a half cents per acre—a mere nominal price, j
The effect of offering these lands for such a bmall |
price would be to produce a revenue to the State j
of Louisiana, and to bring in a revenue to the Gen- |
era! Government. |
I do not say that persons should be confined to j
three hundred and twenty acres of land each. |
There are thousands of persons living in the South j
and West who want more than three hundred and
twenty acres, for various purposes—for the pur-
pose of lumbering and grazing, and various other
uses. . i
I do not understand that we are here to legislate I
for classes. It is for the purpose of getting rid j
of the public lands, and deriving a revenue there- i
from. That is the object of this bill, and that is I
the reason why I support it. But if this ninth |
section shall be adopted, it will defeat, in a great :
measure, the very object of this bill—or what (
ought to be the object of this bill—which is to get ;
rid' of the public domain, (which we have not
heretofore been able to dispose of at 25 per [
acre) at twelve and a half cents per acre. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The effect of the ;
motion of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Jones,] if it be adopted by the committee, will be
to subject all the land, under the operation of this 1
bill, to general entry at a graduated price. When
they shall be tnrown upon the market at twelve I
and a half or twenty-five cents per acre, they will
be entered, not by the section, or even by two
sections, but in lota of thousands of acres, by j
capitalists, who will hold them in their hands,
and will defeat the great object of the bill, which j
is to reduce the price, according to the time that ;
they have been in the market unsold, and to place j
them into' the hands of actual cultivators at reduced
prices. . . .
I am one of those who are uncompromisingly
opposed to any and every system by which the
public lands of this country can be so disposed
of as to concentrate them m the hands of capital-
ists at a small price. Sir, it is wrong in policy,
and wrong in principle. Could I have my views ^
prevail in regard to the disposition of the public ;
lands, I would repeal all laws which require that
they shall be sold or offered at public sale; and
when surveyed and ready to be placed in market,
I would open the land offices for private entry by
settlers at the lowest price for which the Govern-
ment could afford to dispose of them. I would
never permit this Government to sell one acre to
any person except to those who would locate
upon them, or who wanted them for their individ-
ual use. 1 would not.limit them to three hundred
and twenty acres, but to six hundred and forty,
or perhaps to two sections, and then require them
to live upon and cultivate a portion of it. It is
wrong for this Government, holding all the public
lands of the country, to put them into marKet and
make merchandise of them, while those who give
to them all their value—the actual settlers—shall
be subject to be"speculated upon by the capitalists
of the country. 1 hope the motion of the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] to strike out
the ninth section, will not prevail.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I ask for tellers
upon the motion to strike out this section.
Mr. CHASTA1N moved a pro forma amend-
ment, and said: Mr. Chairman, I have offered
this amendment for the purpose of ieplying to
what lias been said by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who lias just taken his seat. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will feel it his
duty to confine the gentleman in his remarks
strictly to the explanation of his amendment.
Mr. CHASTA1N. That is what 1 propose to
do. It will be recollected that the House has
already passed one homestead bill; but the gentle-
man from Tennessee objects to striking out this
section which prohibits any man from purchasing
more than one hundred and sixty acres of land,
because it will be inviting those who are not set-
tlers to come into the market, where they will not
be restricted to three hundred and twenty acres.
Now, sir, 1 had supposed that the main object of
the Government in bringing those lands into the
maiket was, that they should be sold so as most
to benefit the Government. But the course you
are now taking would indicate that the object ie
to benefit the new States and those who settle
upon the public lands. That is the object of the
homestead bill which you have passed. You have
provided that any person shall be entitled to go
and enter free of cost one hundred and sixty acres
of land, and you now provide in this bill that he
may purchase at a reduced cost three hundreal
and twenty acres more, but further than that he is
not permitted to go. And in this way you propose
to dispose of your entire public domain.
Sir, if a man from one of the old States, who
cannot go and settle upon the public lands, chooses
to go into the market and purchase at $1 25 an
acre, any quantity of land for which he may
choose to pay the Government price, I know of no
reason why he should not be permitted to do it.
Under the operation of this bill, if there are
lands which have been thirty years in market, the
settlers will get them at twelve and a half cents
per acre—almost for nothing". .
It seems tome you are legislating exclusively
for one class of persons—the same class which
your homestead bill is designed to benefit—those
who move into the western country, and settle
upon the lands. By this restriction in this bill,
you legislate for the benefit of the settle*! only,
and exclude those in the old States, who cannot
go there, from all the benefits arising from your
public domain. Sir, that kind of legislation is
unjust. It is not only unjust to the people of the
old States, but it deprives the Government of the
revenue which might otherwise accrue from the
sale of the public lands. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from. Louisiana will prevail, and that
the section will be stricken out.
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to this motion
to strikeout,for the reason that its adoption would
defeat the object of the bill. As I said when I was
up before, the object of this bill is to secure the
settlement of the public lands. That object will
be defeated by the removal of this restriction as
proposed, because these lands would then be taken
up by speculators and large monopolists, which
would prevent their settlement for years to come.
And while I shall give this bill my cordial support
in its present form, should this section be stricken
out I shall be compelled to vote against it.
But it seems to mp that the argument of the
"■entleman from Georgia} who has just taken his
seat, will not apply with any great force to this
bill. If it is desirable, as he seems to think, that
wealthy persons should be allowed to go on the
public lands, and take up large tracts to hold for
their own benefit—if they wish to purchase more
