1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£Oli
there was an immense trade at Gluincy, and that
it was the largest port on the Mississippi above
St. Louis. If there be such a heavy trade be-
tween New Orleans and Q.uincy, I ask why tjjey
cannot get into New Orleans, from time to time,
as occasion may demand? I ask the gentleman,
in all candor, what motive there can be for draw-
ing the distinction he does?
Mr, RICHARDSON. I will tell you. If they
wanted to use a small quantity of iron, and it should
not be convenient to pay the duty upon the entire
importation, they could go to Gluincy, which is in
the immediate neighborhood, and the terminus of
the road upon one side, take it, and lay it upon
the road. But it would not be convenient to bring
it up from New Orleans, a distance of one thou-
sand five hundred miles, in small quantities, as
the river very often becomes too low. Thus they
might not have the facility of getting it when they
wanted it.
Mr. SMITH. I have certainly every disposi-
tion to be convinced, but I do not think Hiat the
argument presented for my consideration by the
gentleman will answer that object. I really see
nothing in the reasons assigned for the passage of
this hill. Theie is a custom-house, I believe, at St.
Louis. Pass this bill, and what next? My friend
from Illinois will, after a while, want a custom-
house at Gluincy. Upon the passage of this bill
you 'wiil have all the machinery of a custom-
house established there. And thus we go. Con-
cede one thing—grant that—and another thing
follows, until finally a large appropriation will be
asked for constructing a custom-house at this
growing town of Gluincy.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will agree that th\s is
all I shall ever ask for Gluincy. ^
Mr. SMITH. Noonecan tell what a day ma^y
bring forth. The gentleman may never ask any'
thing for Gluincy hereafter; but he will have suc-
cessors, and others may do what he may not. I
ask what reason has been assigned by the gentle-
man why this bill should be taken out of its order?
What good, valid, and substantial reason has
been presented by the gentleman for the passage
of this bill. If you take this bill out of its regular
order of business, why, manifestly, you can take
every bill out of its order with the same propriety.
I cannot see why the customary course should be
departed from m the present case. I must insist
upon the motion I have submitted to send this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. In obedience, however, to the promise I
made to the gentleman from Illinois, I now call the
previous question.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question for a mo-
ment.
Mr. SMITH. I have made the call in obedience
to a promise made to the gentleman from Illinois.
I will withdraw it with his permission.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not object.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I desire to know if the
morning hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
[Mr DE WITT, from the Committee on En-
rolled ij.IIs, reported as correctly enrolled the bill
entitled <■ A n act concerning the district courts of
California."]
Mr. DISNEY proceeded: It occurred to me
that it might not be amiss to explain to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] some of the
reasons which induced some of the gentlemen from
the West to ask for the passage of bills similar to
the one now before the House.
Mr. SMITH. The objection I made was to
departing from tile regularorder of business to take
up this bill upon the present occasion.
Mr. D! 8NE Y. I am aware that the gentleman
made bat that objection, bat still I am warranted
m the course of remark I had commenced, trom
the fact that the gentleman did not confine his ob-
jections to that question. Now the necessity there
is for the passage of bills of this character arises
from the Tollowing considerations: The people of
the West, for purposes of general commerce, are
compelled to make their purchases in the eastern
markets. Under the present circumstances this
is an absolute necessity.
Now it must be perfectly apparent to any one,
upon the slightest examination of the subject, that
if the western importer is permitted to import his
goods directly from Europe, he will get them de-
livered at his own door at the same cost at which
they are delivered to the eastern importers.
The effect of the.bili now before the House will
he, as I understand it, to permit the people of
Gluincy to import railroad iron directly from
Europe, and thus avoid reshipment from New
Orleans, or1 some other port of delivery in the
West.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage, by that body, of certain
bills which originated there:
A bill (No. 49) to incorporate the Pioneer Man-
ufacturing Company of Georgetown, District of
Columbia;
A hill (No. 131) for the relief of the heirs of
Judith Worthen, deceased;
A bill (No. 127) for the relief of John Phagan;
A bill (No. 126) to relinquish to the State of
Wisconsin the land reserved for salt springs
therein;
A bill (No. 125) for the relief of Ezra Williams;
A bill (No. 124) for the extension of the pie-
empUon privilege to the State of California;
A bill (No. 117) for the relief of Moses Olm-
stead;
A bill (No. 35) for the relief of M. K. War-
rington and C. St. J. Chubb, executors of Captain
Lewis Warrington and others;
A bill (No. 32) for the relief of Joseph Gideon;
A bill (No. 23) confirming certain land claims
in Louisiana, in the Bastrop grant;
A resolution (No. 7) authorizing an increase of
the force in the office of the Supenntendent of the
Public Printing; and
Also, House resolution (No. G) "for the relief
of Lewis B. Willis, late a paymaster in the Army
of the United States.,JJ
Mr. DISNEY, (resuming.) Take the case of
railroad iron, the very article that has been men-
tioned m this debate. The importers of this rail-
road iron, unless Gtuincy be made a port of entry,
will have to go to New Orleans, and there give
bond with sureties residing in the city of New
Orleans. The parties in this case importing the
railroad iron are residents of the town of Ctuincy,
and it may be that they have no particular per-
sonal intercourse or business relations with mer-
chants m New Orleans. How then are they to
get sureties there? By negotiation, which mustof
itself necessarily involve costs. There must be a
percentage paid to parties to become sureties for
the importers. That cost is added to the original
cost of the article itself, together with other at-
tendant charges, independent of the difficulty of
hunting up sureties, in this way the article, in
this particular case, would come to Gluincy charged
with a list of costs, from which "they, the said
company, say they ought to be exempted.
The people of the western portion of this Union
have a right to demand at the hands of the Gov-
ernment the same facilities for commercial pur-
poses that the people of the eastern portion of the
Union enjoy, and they have a ught to indulge a
reasonable expectation that the Government wiil
afford them those facilities. They simply ask the
passage of this and kindred bills that will enable
their commercial intercourse with Europe to be
exempted from taxes which a refusal would neces-
sarily impose on them, by limiting their transac-
tions to the eastern portion of the Union, or by
subjecting them to charges necessarily imposed on
them by having their transactions with Europe
pass through the hands of merchants in the east-
ern portion of the Union.
Weil, this being the effect on the commerce of
the West generally, not only with regard to rail-
road iron, but to every other article of importation,
why should gentlemen object to it because it may,
perchance, involve the payment of additional of-
ficers, at an expense of some three or four hun-
, dred dollars per annum? Is that an objection of
! sufficient importance to justify a refusal of these
I privileges tu the people of the western portion of
I the country? In my judgment it is not,
I In regard to the question propounded to me by
' the gentleman from Viigima, [Mr. Smith,] I am
! free to say, in reply, that I presume the only ne-
I cessity for the immediate passage of this bill is
i found in these two considerations, that heretofore
, other bills have passed—as in the case of Alton,
; and various other places—and that there is no
i new principle involved in the bill which requires
i consideration at the hands of Congress. Then
j why delay action upon it merely for 'the sake of
form ? That is all I desire to say upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I moVe the previous
question.
The previous question received a sectfnd, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. COBB. I would like to ask'the gentleman
a question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Discussion is-not in order.
I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to. •
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now call up the bills which
were reported fiom the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass, and which were under con-
sideration when the House adjourned last evening.
The House then took up " the bill making ap-
propriation for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending June 30, 1855.M
Mr. SMITH, of New York. 1 propose, Mr.
Speaker, to make some remarks on this hill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
previous question was called on the bill last even-
ing.
Mr. SMITH. I think not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the previous question
was called, I object to the gentleman's proceeding
to make any remarks.
Mr. SMITH. I believe in the progress of the
human race 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the previous question was not called last even-
ing.
Mr JONES. It was my impression that it was
called.
Mr. SMITH' said he believed in the progress of
the human race, and rejoiced in the era of ever-
growing civilization. Therefore it was that his
heart was always afflicted when he saw any mani-
festation of the war spirit, for he believed the spirit
of war to be the spirit of barbarism; and notwith-
standing the popular idea to the contrary, he be-
lieved there was no more mighty hindrance to the
progress of civilization than war.
He regarded the spirit of this bill as the dark and
barbarous and baleful spirit of war; and therefore
it was, he would use all honorable means to defeat
it. It is strange and sad, that in a nation profess-
ing faith in the Prince of Peace, the war spirit
should be so rampant. It was a gross inconsis-
tency in such a nation that there should be any
manifestation of war.
Mr. ORR raised a question of order, and insist-
ed that the gentleman should confine himself strict-
ly to the subject.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York was in order.
Mr. SMITH then continued his theme, show-
ing the immense loss of life and property, and the
injury to morals occasioned by war, but advocated
an armed police to punish pirates on land and sea.
[See Appendix for the speech of Mr. Smith.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question
upon this bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read the third
time.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative; and the bill being en-
grossed, was read the third time, and passed.
INVALID AND OTHER PENSIONS.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the bill " making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions for the
