206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 19,
year ending June 30, 1855," to be engrossed and
read the third time.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative; and the bill being en-
grossed, was read the third time, and passed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
- Mr., HOUSTON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill
No. 49, being a bill to supply the deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1854, upon which the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Smith] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask my colleague
if he would not be willing to have the President's
message taken up instead of the deficiency bill, as
a resolution has been passed to close debate upon
it at a certain time. My colleague could just as
well make his speech upon the resolutions to re-
fer the President's message, and he would have
the advantage also of a full hour.
Mr. SMITH declined to yield the floor, and
proceeded to address the committee in reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cutting,] upon the subject of the differences
between the two branches of the Democratic par-
ty in New York. Having concluded his remarks,
(which will be found in the Appendix,)
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SMITH,of Alabama. I ask the gentleman
from Louisiana to yield me five or ten minutes of
his time to enable me to finish my speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can that be done?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that if
any gentleman objects, the gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot proceed.
Mr. SMITH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Louisiana I wish to make a few
further remarks.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I think the gentle-
man from Alabama, considering the time he had
yesterday and to-day, has been already favored.
I therefore object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
gentleman from Alabama cannot proceed.
Mr. DISNEY. I move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, theJChaivman (Mr.Orr)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill (No. 49) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the services of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1854, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
[A message was here received from the Presi
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidnet
Webster, Esq , his Private Secretary, inform-
ing the House that he had signed a bill " to
change the name of the American brig John Dut-
ton, and to grant a register in her name."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the usual
resolution is such cases, that all debate be termin-
ated in Committee of the Whole on the deficiency
bill in one hour after the committee shall have
resumed the consideration thereof.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Corwin, and Jones of Tennessee, were
appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 19, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbitrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Isaac Toccey, of Connecticut, appeared
in his seat this morning.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Sam-
uel C. Reid, jun.,on behalf of the claimants of the
private armed brig General Armstrong. He said
that the heroic defense of that vessel, made by
Captain Reid and his gallant crew, against the
attack of an overwhelming British force in the
neutral harbor of Fayal, was one of the most bril-
liant achievements recorded in the annals of naval
warfare, and was doubtless known to every mem-
ber of the Senate. This vessel was destroyed in
September, 1814. A more flagrant violation of
the law of nations was never committed, as the
British Government admitted the wrong, and apol-
ogized for it to Portugal. It justified a claim on
the latter power for indemnity. This claim was
constantly urged by different Administrations, as
one, the justice of which could not admit of dis-
pute, but was always evaded or denied by Por-
tugal. It was atlastagreed to submit the question
to the umpirage of Louis Napoleon, then President
of the French Republic, without the assent and
against the wishes of the claimants. In Novem-
ber, 1852, Louis Napoleon, who had then 1been
made Emperor, gave his decision in favor of the
Portuguese Government. The claimants con-
sider that, under the peculiar circumstances of the
case, the United States have assumed the place of
Portugal. As all the facts were fully but suc-
cinctly set forth in the petition, and were of more
than ordinary interest, involving delicate naval
questions, he hoped that no objection would be
made to the printing of the petition.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I present ten memorials,
numerously signed by citizens of Philadelphia,
remonstrating against the removal of the United
States Mint from that city, and they give unan-
swerable reasons for the position which they as-
sume. I move their reference to the Committee
on Finance.
They were so referred.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Blair
county, Pennsylvania, praying that one hundred
and sixty acres of land be granted to the soldiers
of the last war with Great Britain, and all subse-
quent wars; which was referfed to the Committee
on Militanr Affairs.
Mr. EVERETT. I beg leave to present the
petition of Cyrus Chase and others, inspectors of
the customs at the port of Boston. They repre-
sent the arduous and responsible nature of their
duties, the present low rate of compensation,
which has not been increased since the year 1833,
although in the interval the salaries of almost all
other public officers have been increased, and the
value of money greatly diminished. They there-
fore ask for an increase of compensation. I move
the petition be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of merchants
and others, citizens of New York, praying Con-
gress to grant some proper testimonial to the
officers and crewsof the shipThree Bells, the ship
Antarctic, and the bark Kilby, for their humane,
self-sacrificing, and heroic conduct in rescuing the
passengers, officers, and crew of the steamer San
Francisco; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jane A.
Wright, widow of Calmes L. Wright, prayingan
increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
State Agricultural Society of Maryland, praying
the establishment of a national agricultural school
in the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Nahant, Massachusetts, praying the estab-
lishment of a daily mail between that town and
Lynn; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of Patrick
C. Sharmon, asking to have the amount refunded
to him which was illegally exacted for the privi-
lege of occupying and using his own ferry across
the Rio Grande river; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of William Van
Wart be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memorial of Harriet A. Read, executrix
of Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Fanning, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Stephen
Moylan be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John B. Walback be with-
drawn from the files ofthe Senate, and referredto the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Charles G. Gunter, be re/erred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That S. Calvert Ford have leave to withdraw
his memorial and papers.
On nation by Mr. SUMNER, it waa
Ordered, That the petition of Asa Andrews be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the memorials and petitions on the files
of the Senate, in favor of cheap ocean postage, be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs-at-law of Godfrey
Rinehart be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Me. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George P. Welsh and Clark
H. Wells be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
refdrred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
*/ LOWER CALIFORNIA EXPEDITION.
* Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to offer a resolution
personal in its bearing upon the State which 1 in
part represent here. I desire it to be considered
now, and wish to give the reasons why it should,
be adopted. I will detain the Senate but a few
minutes. When honorable Senators hear the reso-
lution read, they will see the reason why I should
be granted the courtesy:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the number of ships-
of-war on the coast of California, Oregon, and Washing-
ton, whether in active service, or lying in port unemployed j
also, the number on the whole Pacific coast of North and
South America, and their cruising grounds; also, whether,
in his opinion, the naval force of the United States on the
Pacific coast, in the year 1853, was sufficient to prevent the
departure from ours to foreign territory of any unlawful ex-
pedition that might be hastily formed from the adventurous
persons usually to be found at all points of great commer-
cial activity and enterprise, whether in the United States
or Europe ; also, the number of ships-of war on the Atlan-
tic coast, and other cruising grounds, whether in active
service, or lying in port unemployed; also, the number of
troops in California, Oregon, and Washington.
Mr. President, L am induced to offer the resolu-
tion from seeing in the morning papers a procla-
mation which I wish the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A Proclamation,
By the President of the United States :
Whereas, information has been received by me that an
unlawful expedition has been fitted oat in the State of Cal-
ifornia with a view to invade Mexico—a nation maintain-
ing friendly relations with the United States—and that
other expeditions are organizing within the [Jmted States
for the same unlawf ul pmposp : And whereas, certain citi-
zens and inhabitants of this country, unmindful of their
obligations and duties, and of the rights of a friendly Power,
have participated, ami arc about to participate, in these en-
terprises, so derogatory to our national character, and so
threatening to our tranquillity, and are thereby incurring
the severe penalties imposed by l<tw against s>uch offenders :
Now, therefore, I, Franklin Pierce, President of the Uni-
ted States, have issued this, my proclamation, warning all
persons who shall connect themselves with any such enter-
prise or expedition that the penalties of the law denounced
against such cnminal conduct will be ngidly inforced; and
I exhort all good citizens, as they regard our national char-
acter, as they respect our laws or the law of nations, as
they value the bleseinjjs of peace and the welfaie of their
country, to discountenance, and by all lawful means pre-
vent, such cnminal enterprises; and I call upon all officers
of this Government, civil and military, to use any efforts
which may be m their power to arrest for trial and punish-
ment every such offender.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United States,
at Washington, this eighteenth day of January,
[ l. s. ] m the year of our Lord one thom-anri eight hun-
dred and fifty four, and the seventy-eighth of the
independence of the United Slates.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
By the President:
W. L. Marcy, Secretary of State.
