916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
than three hundred and twenty acres, they can go ]
on to the Government lands, upon which no re-;
slriction has been placed,and purchase any quan- }
tity they choose at the Government price; so that i
1 do not see that this bill will work any great hard- I
ship upon that class of persons. But, as i said, i
the object of the bill is to secure the cultivation |
and settlement of the lands. We know very well ;
the results of these land monopolies. We know j
that when these lands are once thrown into the I
hands of speculators, they will-remain year after ;
year without a cultivator. i
The bill, if the amendment be adopted, will be ;
to prevent settlement for years, because men with ,
small capital will purchase large quantities for |
twelve and a half cents per acre, and hold them j
for a"length of time. \ hope the amendment will j
be rejected, without detaining the committee with ■
further remarks which might be properly made. ,
The question was taken; and the amendment !
was rejected. i
The question then recurred on the amendment ,
to strike out the ninth section. i
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I call for tellers on j
the amendment. 1
Tellers were not ordered. i
The question was taken; and the amendment j
was rejected. J
50 the House refused to strike out the ninth
section. !
Mr. COBB. Imovethatthecommitteedonow |
rise, and report the bill. # i
Mr. LETCIIER. f submit the following, as !
a substitute for the bill: l
A B(LL to graduate the price of tlio public land^ <tm1 for ;
Other purpose*. i
Be if cnactcd by the Semite mid Home of Rcjn ei.mtatn-c> <
of the (J)vted State* of Jlmcricuxn Con^re->s as'-cnlilfd/VUnt J
the inimumm pricc ofHie public 1 mitl-> ot the United t'l.Ucs, i
Within the limits ot* the skaU'i, shall remain iinHifinj/rMl ;
wMiUUe enimnouccmvut at' the Uscul year J uly !
fii-t, eighteen hundred and filtv five, but sifter liuit pciiod ;
the pnee chilli be reduced aecoidm^ to the tnllnu-ni:* -rale : >
All I.ukN which shall have been clleied at public -ale, and
ruin.uinnjr unsold ten years, shall lie reduced to the pnee of
one {loll.n per acre ; all laud- winch -.hall have been nth icd
at pi|i>ltc sale, and remaining unsold fifteen \ e.u-, ho ■
reduced to seventy five cent"- <ui acre; ami ail lands which
Mmll liavc been oii'crcd ui public j-ale, and rcuui'inei; unsold i
twenty y *ar<, slrill be -*<dd at iilry c.-nls an acre; a id all
lands which -hall have been ollcri d at public sale, and |
reiiMinuifi: ntisold twenty live ve.iis, slull tiieie.uter be re- 1
duced to a pnee ol tvventv five ccni- an ai'ic; and all laml-i i
which shall have been oftetcd at public -ale, and icmainin^ j
unsold thirty year*, >lKill tlieic.tltci be reduced to twelve
and a halt cenis an aeie: ['u>v)dcdy That no lamN shall ,
be sold at twelve and a half cent- an «< le until they t-hail [
have been pieviou-dy subject to eutiy through a peilod of i
two years, at the pi lee ol fitly cents an acre.
51 « -2. hi/ be il fui thei 17i ai ln>, That whenever a State
shall deMie to acqiiite a preemption riyiit to all the land.--,
ni to r-ll the land-ol anyceitain cla^ and pnee, as tived
by iin-< act. wiihiu its bindei--, and signify the same to the
I'je- ideu t ol the United States,hyail n< t <>\ ! •« iznvel iimenl,
duly passi d and amhentvaled, it ^h.ill be j/Mnfcil on t!i>>
lollon my tei nis, and in the tnaiiucr heiein.iftei pic-en bed
That-an! St.iti m<tv iivthc pi.ee oi sin! lands ,ibove that |
prescribed m the hi t -"ection nf this ,tcf, rcsciviim the ex- ,
ce--* to itself: Piovided* That the title shall not pa-* i<> the |
pnieh.iscr until he has p:\ul the price tixed, \\\ the said fiM '
flection, to the United State-; u ln< h, upon said payment,
mid the presentation of a certificate of it lie fioiu the State,
duly authenticated, shall, through its piopei officer--, l^in1 a
p.uent l<«r said laini to the puiehaser : i'toviderf, /roi/^rer.
That the PnuN shall be subject to the same |< «al sttitdivis
ions m the sale and sm vev a< are now provided by law ;
nor shall the sites of formication*, navy and dock yaids,
ar-enal-, ttia'-'axancs, and oilier public buildings, be C'OUsiil-
eied ns included within tho pi<)\isious ot ihn act: ,'hul
prorul'd juiihcr, 'J'h;H any State which shall accept the
ptoMsnnis of ihis act, shall take them m full o| the five pel
"entuin fund hejealfei* to he/r>jne due, oi anv pait the) cot
whi< h may not have been paid, and also ol tne sections re
served for schools; n<>t shall ihe gi.uluatnig pioeess fjoni
one d"llai and twenty /He cents to one d'dlai, lo seventy
/he ei lit-, jo cent-;, to twenty- five cent-, iml to twelve
and a half cent- an acte take pi.tee until the !a>w}s m each
class pave been exposed to sale foi ape.md of at least
ta*o ^ ear.-, at the pi ice herein prescribed fur it- i las-, airer
which the [nice ot the said land-* shall he reduced ioih.tt
of she «rade next below u in value as he; t ni d« el.trod.
See." 3. Ami be it finlhcr enrufnl, Th.U (hi< act shall
in uo way apply fo town or village prop"rtv« eithi-r in loM
or out lot*, nor be so eoiistiued <is to inteifeje with any
]in ciriptioti claim, under any e.Msttng iaus o! the United
States nor to an\ of the mi in t al lands of tin United Si.tfcs,
the land< covered by stieji piel_-!iipt'orisi oi cnibiii"Oiir  poh
jmueraH. being hereby evpre^Iv ex'cludod from the oneia-
tKjus of thi"S at 15 and lull pnver and autfuiiiiy are hen by
'.'hen to the ^eeretn-y of the lutenoi to make all necdiul
rules arid regulation?, for fully earning" into c;vect the sev-
eral provision* of tin-: net. The said Secretary ot the Inte-
rior ii- also authoi ized to fK a umiotui oriee aceoiding to
fcome one oi tin classifications of this bit J upon all the land.5
of a tnw u>hip whei e different part* of the same have hrf-n
exposed to sale for did'Tent periods of time: Provided,
hotrrver. Thai fhi^ provision ^hal) not extend to town or
village pioperty. or to sections and spccial reservations
made by the Department.
Mr. LETCHER. The committee is impa-
tient, and I do not propose to dptain it with any
remarks upon this subject. The substitute is
plain and intelligible, and gentlemen will have no
difficulty in understanding tt just as well without
a word of remark from me as with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment, |
if I understand it, proposes to graduate the price
of the public lands, and leave them subject to gen- |
eral entry by anybody and everybody, so that if :
one man had money enough he could enter the
whole of them at this graduated price, i believe
that is wrong in policy and principle, and I hope j
the committee will not adopt it. j
Mr. GROW. I offer the following as a pro-|
viso to the first section of the substitute:
Provided, That no )and3 hereafter surveyed by the au-
thority ot the Government, except mineral lands and ?neh
reheivdtions as have been or may be at any time made by
Government for us own use, shall be exposed by pioeia-
maiion or in any other way to public sale, but shall be sub-
ject to private entry only by actual settlers who make such I
entry for the putpose of settlement and cultivation.
I offer this amendment for the reason that as
the substitute now stands it would, as is suggested
by the gentleman from Tennessee, ieave your
lands subject to entry in unlimited quantities at
your graduated prices. Your graduation then
would be for the benefit of the capitalists of the
country desiring to make this kind ot investment,
and not for the benefit of the settleis. It would
leave these lands open to be absorbed by capital-
ists; after the settlements surrounding; your vacant
lands have made them valuable, they come in just
in advance of the settlers, take them out of the
market, and hold them at an enhanced price, thus
doing an injury to the labor of the country.
Is that the proper policy for this Government?
Is u just on the part of this Government, when ,
it has the control and disposal of these lands, to j
leave them to be disposed of in such a way as to in- !
jure the settlers without benefiting any interest in !
the country? Is it riyht for this Uovernmerit,
when it has discretion to place puch restrictions on
the disposal of the lands, as will best promote the
great interests of the country, to Ifvive them for
the sole benefit of capitalists seeking that kind of
investment? JNTo, sir; the first duty of the Gov-
ernment is to take caie of men who cultivate the
land and make it valuable, and not allnw fhe
fruits of their labor to betaken by the capitalists
of the countiy, thereby depriving them of the
means of educating their families, and rearing them
as respectable members of society, thus inflicting
an injury on the country not to be computed m
dollaisand cents. The Government derives the
same levenue whether the lands are taken by
speculators or by settlers. The price is the same
to all. The whole loss then is the amount of in-
terest from the time when the lands would be pur-
chased by speculators until the tune of settlement
by settlers. And for the sake of this small amount,
is he Government to do an injury to an estimable
ch\ss of citizens by a system of legislation benefit-
ing the class of the community llnxt is least deseiv-
ing of benefit, if any is to be bestowed by the Gov-
ernment?
This system of benefits is all wrong1 upon the
part of the Government Let not the Government
extend its hand to any class—to the strong against
j the weak—but let it throw around these public
I lands those securities and restrictions that will se-
| cure to the laborer the earnings that may be ubed
his views upon this question. This bill as ori-
ginally introduced was a very simple and plain
proposition. It was a hill simply to graduate and re-
duce the price of the public lands. It is a measure
that has long been demanded by the country. I
regret, therefore, that other propositions have
been brought m differing widely from that em-
braced in the original bill. I think there may be
something worthy of consideration in the propo-
sition emanating from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow ,] as well as in ihe proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letch-
er:] but I do not think that this is the tiroe and
occasion to entertain them. Let us pass this bill
through the House, and then if the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and Virginia have any valu-
able suggestions which they desire to make, they
can present them afterwards in the form of a bill.
The proposition embraced in the original bill is
perfectly simple and plain, and 1 hope that the
committee without further amendment wiii come
to a vote immediately upon it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grow's
amendment: and if was rejected.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would not
be in order, until the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. LltcherJ is dis-
posed of.
The question was then taken upon Mr.Letch-
er's amendment; and it was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the amendment proposed by the committee to the
bill—being five sections to grant homesteads to
actual settlers and cultivators.
Mr. COBB. Strike it all out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand that the committee has reported this as a
substitute. This is simply an amendment. The
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] gave notice
that he would offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that it is an amendment proposed by the
committee.
Mr. JONES. It is an amendment which they
proposed to the .first part of the bill—the home-
stead part of it.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will move to
stnke it all onf, that will settle the matter at once.
Mr. JONES. The committee does not insist
upon the amendment, and the homestead bill has
already passed.
Mr. "YVALBIMDGE. Is it in order to move
that the committee rise and report the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order while an
amendment is pending. The question now is upon
the amendment proposed to the homestead bill
leported by the committee.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it wn^ not agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I now move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Is there not a previous
motion pending that thecommittee rise and report
the btll, with a recommendation that it do not pass ?
Mr. COBB. That is not pending now.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I understood that such a
motion was made.
The CHAIRMAN. There is only one motion
pending-, and that is the one offered by the gentle-
man fiom New York.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest fo the genfle-
for the support of his family, and the education of , j man, that he should modify his motion, and move
his children.
Mr. DiSNEY. I wish to say that I desire to
.^ee this bill brought to a vote. Cucumstances
compel me to leave the Hall, and I should ic^ret
if the hill weie to be put upon its passage during
my absence. I have repeatedly expressed my
opposition m every possible form to all the prop-
ositions which have been presented here to de-
spoil the Gen eta! Government of the public domain,
i repent now, bcfoie J leave the Chamber, that
nothing, in my judgment, can be moie absurd
than to uncertain any of these propositions, while
you are pursuing the policy of throwing, onr.u-
ally, upon the mmket tin ee or funi tunes as much
land as settlers can tako up and octupy.
Mr. B1SSELL. I regret, too, that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Pis.vF.y] is obliged to leave
jl the Hall, before the vote is taken upon this bill;
that the committee lay aside the bill to be reported
to the House, that we may take up other matters.
The question was then put,and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Fuller]
reported that tho Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the stafp of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the bill of the House (No. 1,)
granting portions of the public lands to actual set-
tlers thereon, and to reduce and graduate the price
of the public lands, and had instructed him to
report back the same, with certain amendments,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
TheSPEAKER. If it is the wish of the House,
the Clerk will read the several amendments, and
then a vote will be taken upon all those together
though his regret and mine ought to be somewhat ;j upon winch a separate vote is not asked; and a
jj lessened from the fact,that the House have heard Jj separate vote will then be taken upon such as
