■1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
from being "taxed by the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States. That provision is not in the Consti-
tution; it must, therefore, he deduced from some
other provision or some general principle.
the Congress of the United States, under the Con
federation, declared that their lands should forever
be exempt from taxation. They made that one
of thearticles of compact " irrepealable," oetween
the United States and the northwestern States, and
it is to be observed that this was one of the princi-
pal irrepealable articles of the compact. Now let
us see what is theeffect in relation to them. Why,
sir, they have been declared, by the Supreme
Court of the United States, to be utterly void and
without effect. In December, ]850, Chief Justice
Taney delivered the opinion of the court upon the
subject, in the following words:
" But it has been settled by judicial decision in this
court, that th« ordinance is not in force. Among other
reasons, because it derogates from the rights of the States,
and would place the new States in a position inferior to the
old ones."
That is precisely the very point in issue. If
the (Jnited States have no authority to declare
their land exempt from taxation in Pennsylvania,
I ask you where is their authority to declare u in
Ohio; because, the honourable Senator will observe,
it is their *4 property " everywhere thut is subject to
these 44 rules and regulations." It is not only
their territory, but all their property, wherever
situated. It is precisely because it is in deroga-
tion of the rights of the new States that they have
no more authority to do this in the new States
than in the old ones.
Well, Mr. President, what has been the practi-
cal effect? "Why, from the commencement of the
Government, whenever a new State has been ad-
mitted, Congress, m some shape or other, have
supposed it necessary to exempt the lands of the
United States from taxation, and it has been done
generally by compact. In the first four States, as
I observed on a previous occasion, Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, the public lands were de-
clared exempt from taxation by virtue of the au-
thority of Congress, without any compact or de-
claration on the part of these States at all. Doubts
seem then to have arisen as to how far che National
Legislature had the right to make that declara-
tion. What did they do then? They wentonto
eay to the new States, "You shall declare by an
irrepealable compact that you have no right to tax
the lands of the United States within your juris-
diction, or you shall not come into the Union."
That is the way in which the United States got
this exemption. They declared it to be a funda-
mental article to which the new States must as-
sent before they came into the Union. It was
that to which I alluded, when I said there were
but two States in this Union—Michigan and Ar-
kansas—with whom a compact was madesuch as
would be made between usdividuals. Those Slates
were fairly allowed to come into the Union, and
were fairly offered certain considerations by virtue
of which they yielded the right of taxation.
Have the United States been playing a game
from that day to this? If they had a right to ex-
empt their land from taxation by statutory regu-
laiion, why did they require compacts from the
States surrendering the right? 1 repeat to the
honorable Senator from Maryland, is not this
claim for exemption in derogation of the rights of
the new States, and does it not place them in an
entirely different condition from the old States?
1 say, again, it is the " property " of the United
States, wherever situated, on which the provisions
of the Constitution, to which the Senator has re-
ferred, operates. It is not the property of the
United States m Ohio, but in Pennsylvania, and
wherever they have any ** territory or other
property," upon which that clause operates. If
they have a right, without a compact and without
action on the part of the State, to declare the
land of the United States exempt from taxation
in Ohio, they have the same right to declare it
exempt in Pennsylvania.
Now, a few words in respect to the case which
the honorable Senator mentions. I do not under-
stand it atall as he does. 1 understand that to be
a case m which title was gained by accretion, and
the question arose under it, to whom did the em-
inent domain belong in the new States: to the Uni-
ted States, who were the owners of land, or to the
States who had the jurisdiction } The Supreme
Court decided, very correctly, that the eminent
domain belonged to the States. This question as
to the right of taxation was not touched at all;
and the language which the honorable Senator has
Sir, as I said the other day, as early as 1785, ! read was the view of the judge who delivered the
~ " " ' * ~ opinion, and not at all necessary to the case in
hand.
I have the authority of a very high judicial
officer of this Union for saying that the point has
never been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States. The point as to the power to tax
that portion of the property of the United States
necessary to be employed in the operations of the
Government has, in one or more of the circuits,
been determined. It has been decided that.it
could not be taxed, because theieby the operations
of the Government might be suspended, and for
that reason alone. No man pretends to say that
the immense western domain, constituting almost
a world in itself, is necessary to the operations of
the Government of the United States, and should
therefore be exempt from taxation. It is not like
a mint, or a court-house, or other public building,
around which it may be necessary to have a small
tract of land, which should be exempt from tax-
ation. I understand that to be the point on which
the circuit courts have been divided, and the only
point upon which the right of taxation has been
decidtd by any judicial officer. I aver again, that
the Supreme Court, as such, has never decided
that the States had not the right to tax the lands
of the United States within their jurisdiction.
Why should they not, in reason, m law, in equity?
Why should not the United Slates pay their full
proportion of the expenses necessary to carry on
the operations of Government where their lands
he, which give them ail their value, and tend to
bring a great deal of it into use?
Mr. PEARCE. I have but a few words to say
in reply to the Senator. He has referred to the
compacts made by the new States. Now I have
before me, for example, the statute which author-
ized Alabama to form a constitution, with a view
to admission into the Union, and 1 find in it this
provision:
provided always, That the said convention shall
provide, by an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent
ol the United States, that the people inhabiting the said
Territory do ngre« and declare, that they forever declaim
all right and title to the waste or unappropriated lands
lying within the said Territory; and that the same shall be
and remain at the sole and entire disposition of the United
States, and that no tax shall he imposed on lands the prop-
erty ot the United States," &c.
Mr. CASS. That is one of the terms of ad-
mission.
Mr. PEARCE. That State accepted the terms.
Mr. CASS. It was one of the terms without
agreeing to which it was provided she could not
come in.
Mr. PEARCE. Precisely; and she assented
tO'lt.
Mr. CASS. She did.
Mr. PEARCE. And why should she not?
Unquestionably we had a right to admit or not,
as we thought proper.
Mr. CASS. But you had no right to admit on
condition. That is the very point which the Su-
preme Court have decided.
Mr. PEARCE. If the agreement were made
two years before admission, or subsequently, it is
the same thing, and there is as much compulsion
in the one case as in the other. Let me say to the
Senator, there is this difference between exempting
from taxation lands which the Government of the
United States may hold in Pennsylvania, and those
which it may hold in the new States. The lands
in Pennsylvania were the property of the State,
or of her citizens, and were all under the jurisdic-
tion of Pennsylvania before this Government was
formed. We acquire them as any individual does
—subject to her jurisdiction, unless she assents to
the purchase, and thereby releases her jurisdiction.
But in regard to the new States it is otherwise.
We are proprietor of public lands there, and we
had municipal sovereignty, too, until they were
admitted as States, and we thus transferred our
municipal sovereignty. We give up to the States
full jurisdiction over ail those subjects which, be-
fore their admission as States, belonged to the
Federal Government, preserving, however, within
their limits, the unappropriated lands we owned,
free from any taxation by them; and this, the
Supreme Count has said, we have a constitutional
right to do. The State comes in with that condi-
tion. Even if she does not assent to it, as I under-
stand the decision of the Supreme Court, it is
binding on her because it is an enactment by the
Government of the United States, at a time when
she has a right to enact; for she has the right
to enact before the Territory itself had become a
State. That is the answer.
Mr. CASS. I have great respectfor the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, and I hardly think
I can have fairly understood him in this case.
The United States have the right to admit new
States; they have a right to reject for proper con-
siderations; but they have no moral right to reject
one of the new States formed out of the Terri-
tories, after it contains sixty thousand inhabitants,
no more than they have a moral right to do any
other act which they ought not to do. And they
have no right to impose any conditions except the
conditions of the Constitution. That is the very
point which we have urged again and again in con-
nection with the question of slavery. I do not
understand what the honorable Senator means by
saying that we choose to give up a portion of our
municipal sovereignty. 1 do not understand that
expression. We do not give u-p anything. We
form a State, and then the Constitution of the United
States steps in and gives that State its jurisdiction,
and we have then, m Ohio, just thesame jurisdic-
tion which we have in Pennsylvania. Whether the
property we own in Pennsylvania has been owned
by us for a thousand years, and that in Ohio not
till after the State came into the Union, the princi-
ple is just the same. It is the Constitution which
steps in and regulates the respective rights of each
party.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not say that we could
reserve municipal sovereignty. 1 never meant any
such thing; but I do mean that we may secure
our public lands from State taxation by so enact-
ing at the time of admission.
Mr. ADAMS. If the side-bar question, which
has been raised between the Senator from Mary-
land and the Senator from Michigan is settled, I
wish to call the attention of the Senate back to the
amendment which is pending. As I understand
it, the question now before the Senate is on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to insert fifty cents, instead of twenty-five
cents an acre, as the price of the land. Before pro-
ceeding to the merits of that question, I wish to
say that it is very desirable that we should dispose
of this bill to-day; that al! the amendments be
voted upon, and the question finally disposed of
during the day.
I understood the Senator from Maryland to say ,
in regaid to the suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that twenty five cents an acre was a prop-
osition of his, made with a view of satisfying the
consciences of those gentlemen who believed this
Government had no light to give away land; that
it was a proposition that very easily satisfied the
conscience of Senators. Now, Mr. President, I
have believed that Congress has no right to give
away the public lands. I have believed, however,
that if, in selling the land the Government receives
what it cost, there is no obligation on the Govern-
ment to make a speculation. Now, 1 understand
that about twenty-two cents per acre is the average
of the cost of the public lands to the Government;
and I say that the conscience of a representative
that could not be satisfied with the^st, but de~
i sires a speculation, is as singular a conscience as
j one that is satisfied with refunding to the Treasury
| the entire expense.
I shall vote,however,fortheamendmentproposed
i by the Senator from Pennsylvania, to fix the price
, at fifty cents an acre, for the reason that, although
; the entire expense is only about twenty-two cents
I an acre, yet, as all of us who are acquainted
i with the new States know very nearly one half
! of the public land is valueless, and in some of the
; States more than half the lands are valueless; and,
therefore, actual sales at fifty cents would not,
; perhaps, more than remunerate the Government
; for its expenses. I shall, therefore, vote for the
j amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
I sylvama. But if that should be rejected, I shall
| vote for the amendment proposed by the Senator
! from California, placing it at twenty-five cents.
: Anything before givingaway. I shall vote,how-
| ever, for the substitute of my colleague, [Mr
i Brown,] if that should come up. And I shall
I vote for the substitute of the Senator from Michi-
