1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
gan in preference to all others, because it embraces
the whole subject, of the public lands; and, while
the homestead bill would benefit one man, that, if
adopted, would benefit a thousand. There is that
difference between the homestead bill and the
proposition offered by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and the original amendment
of the Senator from California, not because I am
opposed to affixing a price to the land, but be-
cause I am opposed to fixing an arbitrary price.
Any man who knows anything of the public lands
of the United States, knows that one uniform price
is exceedingly unjust. One acre of land may be
worth but twenty five cents an acre, and it is very
likely that another acre, not three miles off, may
be worth ten dollars. Whenever you undertake
to establish an arbitrary price, and say you will
sell at twenty-five cents, or fifty cents, you must
do injustice to some.
I want a principle of graduation applied to this
bill; and because I hope to get that principle, I
mean to vote against all propositions to establish
arbitrary prices. If the proposition were, instead
of fixing an arbitrary price of twenty-five cents
or fifty cents an acre, to insert a graduation prin-
ciple, even as proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I should vote for it—not that I think it the
best, but because it is one to which the minds of
Senators have already been drawn, and they would
probably accept thai scale of graduation sooner
than any other. But I never can, and I never
will, vote for fixing any arbitrary price on the
public lands. We have such a price now—$1 25
per acre—and that is the very thing about which
we are complaining. How much shall we better
it if we discard one arbitrary price and fix another?
We shall sell the lands for less money, it is true;
but shall we deal any more justly with those to
whom we sell? I understand that one of the
great objections to the present price of the public
lands is, that while you sell land to one man at
§1 25 which is only worth that much, you fre-
quently sell land to other men for that price which
is wor'h a great deal more; and sometimes you
force upon the purchaser land at $1 25 which, in
point of fact, is not worth twenty-five cents,
simply because he is compelled, under all the cir-
cumstances that surround him, to have it.
I want it understood, when I vote against the
amendment, that I am not opposed to fixing a
price upon the public land. I wish to fix a mod-
erate price, and the very lowest at which it can be
arranged. I prefer a graduation down as low as
twelve and a half cents, because I know a great
deal of the public land is not worth more than
that. The Senator from Virginia, however, m
fixing his scale, has thought proper to stop at
twenty-five cents. I am willing to meethim there;
not, as I remarked before, that I thmk that the
best scale which can be adopted, but because hav-
ing been introduced, and the minds of Senators
having been brought to rest upon it, if others are
ready to accept it, I am; but I cannot vote to fix
these arbitrary prices.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I think that five
years' occupation, and making four crops on one
hundred and sixty acres of land, are full consid-
eration for it. On that principle, I have been in
favor of the homestead bill as it came from the
House. I am still in favor of it. I prefer it in
that form. The amendment which 1 have pro-
posed is more to accommodate others than my-
self; but inasmuch as it was agreeable to some
members of the body who are in favor of the
principles of this bill with the amendment, 1 have
offered it; but I do not wish to fix a higher price.
But, sir, Senators talk about squandering the
public lands by giving to each citizen of the United
States a hundred and sixty acres for living on it
five years, and making four crops. I am aston-
ished that such a term should be used as to this
disposition of the public land. Sir, nothing can
tend more to squander the public lands of this
country than to leave them open ail the time for
the selection of the best lands in enormous quan-
tities, concentrating them in the hands of capital-
ists to be disposed of hereafter at exorbitantpnces,
as the wants of the country require them to be
sealed. 1 am in favor of the homestead principle
being extended to all the public domain, and pro-
viding that it shall be disposed of to actual settlers
for a nominal consideration.
"Why, sir, it has been stated in the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, and I suppose in this
debate, though I have not mingled in it, that the
whole cost of the public domain to the United
States is only thirteen cents an acre, and including
the expense of surveying and everything connected
with it, the cost is twenty-two cents; and we have
already derived more than $50,000,000 from the
proceeds of the public lands, which is more than
they cost. They have therefore been no tax, but
have been a revenue to the country. It is time now
that they should cease to be a revenue, and that we
should dispose of the public domain for the pur-
pose of benefiting the population of the country;
that is to say, when we dispose of it, it should be
put into cultivation. When, as is pioposed in
this bill, you have a sectiou of it settled and culti-
vated for four or five years, you make the adjoin-
ing section twice as valuable as it was before. I
do not think there is a want of consideration in
giving to actual settlers in this way, because I
believe cultivation is a sufficient and ample com-
pensation to the Government of the United States;
for the foundation of the wealth of the nation con-
sists in cultivating the soil, and of course the more
wild lands you bring into cultivation, the richer
the country is. But, sir, I do not wish to extend
this debate. I wish to have a vote on the amend-
ment.
Mr BELL addressed the Senate at consider-
able length. [His remarks will be found m the
Appendix.]
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not trespass upon the
time of the Senate by making anything like a
speech. It would be a kind of imposition upon the
body. The honorable gentleman from Tennessee
has confined himself to a few remarks, and with
great propriety. It being so near the close of the
session, we cannot afford to enter upon a lengthy
discussion of such a subject as this, i think we
must either abandon this measure,oract promptly
upon it, confining ourselves to a few words in ex-
planation of its provisions. I am sorry that 1
have no capacity or leisure to answer some of the
suggestions so handsomely, and yet i think I
must say, so insidiously, made by the Senator.
Mr. BELL. 1 made them candidly.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then 1 withdraw that. He
said he regrets that there is anything in the Amer-
ican people which looks as if they were compelled,
from necessity or from circumstances, to ask from
this Government the land on which they are to
reside. He thinks it a kind of degradation. Now,
sir, 1 look upon it as a different matter. I find,
very far from that being the case, that in many
countries, and in one of the neighboring countries
under a monarchical government, they not only
give the man the land, but they give him imple-
ments of husbandry and a portion of stock to go
and cultivate that land. That is done under a
monarchical government,and it is, sir, because the
man who cultivates a farm, and reclaims it, does it
not only for the benefit of himself, but just in pro-
portion as he cultivates that farm, anu renders it
productive, so does he act for the benefit of the
country, and so does he increase the revenue of
the country. If a man cultivates his farm, he
stimulates production, he also stimulates consump-
tion, and just in proportion as you cultivate and
produce, so in proportion will you consume. Sir,
I could go on in reply to the Senator. I wish i
had time to do it.
But, again, the honorable Senator says that this
gratuity ought to be confined to soldiers. In one
sense, a man who goes into the wilderness; who
builds himself a little log cabin; who fights the
wolves and bears, and wild nature herself, is a
soldier—a soldier of progress and civilization—and
does more for humanity than the man who fights
the battles against the enemies of your country;
but 1 will not waste time upon going into this.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say that 1 voted for donations to begiven to
settlers in Oregon, because that was a remote and
exposed country, and the inducements to go to
California were so much greater, that it was pre-
sumed it would be a long time before enough in-
habitants would go to Oregon to defend themselves
from the hostile Indians. I did not vote for the
grant in Utah and New Mexico; that was a dif-
ferent principle altogether.
In the case of the pioneer who goes and fights
the Indians, with no United States soldiers to de-
fend him, such as the early settlers in Ohio and
Tennessee, there is a consideration for the dona-
tion. The Senator from Illinois must consider
now, that it is under very different circumstances
in which the pioneer goes to Missouri, to Illinois,
to get the benefit of this bill. When the public
lands are opened up, the citizens go in under the
shield and ae^is of the United States Governsneufc,
which, with an overflowing Treasury, will have
troops to defend them. They will have p!enty?of
men to defend themselves from the Indians.
that the old pioneers who went beyond th€ pro-
tection of the United States troops, were a most
noble race of men, and they deserve these gratui-
ties equally with the Army. To thereal pioneers
I am ready to givetheland. I do not oppose that.
My remarks were intended to show that this great
public domain of ours is not so inexhaustible as
some Senators seem to suppose. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to add, that I do not think there are
one hundred millions of acres m the States that
can be appropriated at twelve, twenty-five, or fifty
cents an acre? I apprehend that the supply for m
bounties to soldiers or others, will soon be gone.
Mr. SHIELDS. I cannot trespass upon the
patience, as well as good sense, of the Senate by
entering into this general abstract discussion; for,
after all, they are abstract speculations. To some
extent, I agree with the honorable Senator, that
the same necessity does not exist now in relation
to pioneers as did formerly. Such is my feeling
on that point, that, when I have read the strug-
gles of the early pioneers with wild savage na-
ture, wild savage animals, and wild savage men,
{ rated them much higher than I have rated any
struggles that I have observed in the Army. Now,
sir, such men, and I am happy to say the Senator
agrees with me, ought to receive this encourage-
ment; but I have not time to go into that now.
The Senator alluded to another point—that our
territory will soon be exhausted. I wish I had
time to go into that. There is territory, enough
unoccupied, uncultivated, in the United States of
America, claimed and owned by twenty-'five mil-
lions of people, sufficient to support four hun-
dred millions of people; and no man can tell when
all that territory will be exhausted.
There is another point I wish I had time to go
into, and that is the policy of keeping this terri-
tory out of cultivation for any considerable period
of time. I think policy would lead us to have it
cultivated as soon as possible; but I do not wish
to waste time by going into that. My honorable
friend from Tennessee, with all his fine talents,
and I confess he has very fine talents, on questions
of this kind especially, forgets one thing—that in
the West we have an immense surplus of unpro-
ductive, uncultivated waste lands. Not only is
that land unprofitable to the Government, but it is
expensive to it. Then we have a surplus of un-
productive labor. Now, if you can transfer a
portion of the unproductive labor from where
it is unproductive, and where there is competi-
tion, and where it gives rise to all your Know-
Nothingism, and all that kind of bickerings which
are produced in society; if you can transfer that
and make it productive, will U not be beneficial to
the whole country? The honorable Senator will
agree with me, sir, that there are two constituents
necessary for national wealth and prosperity—
land and labor. Land is useless without labor.
It is perfectly unprofitable, wholly unproductive;
but put upon that land, labor, and you render it
not only profitableand productive to the laborer,
but profitable and productive to the whole coun-
try. You convert that which isnocapital, into
active, living, productive capital; and you not only
enrich the whole community, but you also add to
the constant accretions to the Treasury; but I
have no time to go into that.
I should say that there is one view of this sub-
ject above the honorable Senator's, and that is a
principle which ought to be very powerful in a
republican Government, although it is politic in
every Government; it is to equalize the contin-
gents of society; to take them from a place where
their labor is in a surplus, where it is unproduc-
tive, where it is riot needed, and transfer it to
where it may add to the wealth, prosperity,
power, and influence of the country. This coun-
try is peculiar in that respect. ! touched upon this
subject the other day, and I am only sorry that I
may not go into it at length. You have people
coming in on all sides, flowing in constantly; and
in the Weatyou have an uncultivated,unreclaimed
