1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
course act of 1802. That'is a certain point. If
it had come under that act, the claim would not
have been here. If it were a case coming prop-
erly within the letter of that act, it would have
been settled by the Department. But it does come
under the policy of that act. Sir, what was the
reason—-what was the whole policy of that act ?
As has been stated, it was to preserve peace upon
our frontiers. How preserve peace? Why by
providing for settling the claims of the people upon
the frontiers, when the Indians had crossed the
line and committed depredations upon their prop-
erty,and they did not pursue the Indians and take
satisfaction upon them, and thereby bring war
upon the frontiers. That is the policy and the
reason of this intercourse act. ]t is to preserve
peace upon your frontiers.
Now what difference does it make in the reason
or the policy of the act, whether the depredations
were committed inside or outside of the line? This,
to be sure, was on the outside; but the stock of all
the frontier people is ranging on the outside; and
the reason and policy is still the same for paying
in a case in which private satisfaction isnottaken
when the property or stock is taken outside of the
line, as when taken inside of the line.
I know all about the case, sir. I know that it
comes within the reason and policy of the inter-
course law of 1802, to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers, and I hope it will be passed. It is thirty'
years old now, and it is time that it should be
passed.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire of
thegentleman from Missouri, if he has any knowl-
edge on the subject, when notice was given to
these Indians that such a claim existed and was
urged against them ? From the papers it appears
that it was fifteen years afterwards, for the first
time.
Mr. BENTON. I do not know anything about
that; but I think that the United States ought to
pay the claim.
The question was taken on the amendment, to
strike out the second section; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN. I now move that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order closing
debate, the Chair is of opinion that the bill ought
to be reported to the House now. If it be the
unanimous consent of the committee, it will be
laid aside, to be reported with others which may
be acted on.
Mr. HASTINGS. I called for a division of the
committee on the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] before the result
was announced by the Chair. I do not believe
that the committee understand the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the call for a division is now too late.
" Mr. HASTINGS. I called for a division be-
fore the result was announced.
' Mr. PECKHAM. I heard the gentleman call
for a division, as he states.
Mr. HASTINGS. I am sure that the commit-
tee do not understand the effect of the vote. If I
am in order, I insist that there be a division of the
committee on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the question will be again taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia to strike out the
second section.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HAVEN. It seems to be well understood
that the only operation of striking out this section,
is simply to pi event the charging of'this money
to those Indians who have received their annuities
reoularly for some thirty years. I think it better
that the amendment should be adopted, and then
that the bill should be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand tellers on the
amendment. , ,, TT -
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, oi
Alabama, and Eastman were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was
House bill No. 5$, "for settling the claims oHihe
legal representatives of Richard W. Meade, de-
ceased.
The bill was read.
The first section directs the proper officers of the
Treasury to settle the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of Richard W. Meade, on their pro-
ducing the testimony required by the commission
from claimants under the Florida treaty, which,
in the opinion of the said officers, shall be satis-
factory as establishing said claim according to law
and usage. Section second directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the amount found
due out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated; provided, that more shall not
be paid than said Meade would have received out
of the tjj5,000,000 appropriated to pay claimants
under the Florida treaty, if his claim had been
admitted by the commissioners.
Several Members. Read the report.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the committee has a
desire to be edified by the reading of the report,
which I believe is but about seventy-five or eighty
pages of printed matter, 1 have no objection.
1 rise to say that this is a bill of very consider-
able consequence, if it be paid from the Treasury,
to the country, and of no less consequence, if it
be paid, to those who are pressing the claim. The
committee is very thin, indeed, and rather impa-
tient, and if it be consistent with the sense of pro-
priety of the committee that they should pass over
this bill informally to-day, in order that it may
come up under more favorable circumstances,
when the whole of the case might be laid before
I the committee at one time, 1 shall feel gratified. I
am ready, however, to go on now, but this is not
a favorable time to commence it, and if there be
110 objection, I ask that the bill be passed over
informally. _ '
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection, ,
the bill will be passed over informally. ;
Mr. COBB. I object. We had better con-
sider it now. Now is the time to consider it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will then make a brief
statement of the case. This is a case not entirely
new to the House.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Cannot a motion be made
to postpone this bill for one week ?
Mr. CHANDLER. You cannot make that
motion in committee.
This is a bill that is founded upon a claim against
the Government of Spain by the heirs and legal
representatives of Richard W. Meade. Although
I had intended to occupy some considerable time
in the discussion of this matter, I shall now con-
fine myself to a simple statement of the case, for-
bearing to make any remarks upon the injuries
that the claimants have already suffered by thS
delay of Congress to compensate them for their
losses, and forbearing also to trouble the members
of this House by any reference to the inconveni-
ences which have been suffered by the'family; not
choosing to refer directly to them angusladomi of
any person, especially those of the claimants who j
are presented here under such favorable circum-1
stances. , . I
Richard W. Meade, a native of this country,
transacted business for himself m @pam. Spam
then was not, as now, the claimant of one single
island, a small tributary upon our coast, but she
was a great commercial country, not having relin-
quished her claim to priority of trade in the East,
and owning the sovereignty of almost the whole
of Spanish America; almost the whole, indeed, of
Central America at that time 
Mr. CLINGMAN If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me, as this is Good Fri-
day, I will mo ve that the committee rise. I should
prefer the gentleman to make his remarks upon
this bill when there is a full attendance of mem-
bers present.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cling-
man's motion, and it wis decided in the affirmative.
So the committee r5se, and the Speaker
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, had had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and, more especially House
•bill No. 51, being a bill for the relief of the widow
and heirs of Elijah Beebe, and had directed him to
l-eoort back the same with an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
the House to put the bill upon it# passage, and
upon that motion 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question will firSl be
upon the amendment reported by the Committee
of the Whole, to strike out the following w rds:
" Beit farther enacted, That the Secretary of the Interior
be authonzed to deduct the sum of @3,016 from the first
annuities to become due to the said confederated tribes of
the Sac and Fox tribes of Indians."
The question was then taken on ttt/amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The question then being, " Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time ?" it was put, and
decided in the affirmative.
The bill being engrossed, it was subsequently
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the ~
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
WEST POINT ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HAVEN. The last bill having been dis-
posed of, I desire to ask'the House to go-back into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for five minutes perhaps, not more, to make
a disposion of an appropriation bill. I refer to
the West Point Military Academy bill, 'thas
been repotted to the House from the Committee of
Ways and Means, after having passed the Senate
with amendments, and has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and there are three amendments of, the Senate to
it which are in controversy between the House
and Senate. I desire to go into committee and
dispose of those amendments, and get the matter
out of the way. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. ,
Mr. EASTMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 believe the question is now
upon my motion to go into committee. I desire
to say to the House that this matter has laid here
for two months; and, although there is, perhaps,
no pressing immediate necessity, I wish to show
to the House the disposition of the Ways and
Means to get along with business as rapidly ae we
can. I think the consideration of these amend-
ments will not consume but a very few minutes.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Haven; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of New York, in^he chair.)
Mr. HAVEN. I move that all preceding busi-
ness be laid aside, and that the House take up for
consideration the West Point Military Academy
bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Can such
amotion be entertained ? Must not each bill upon
the Calendar preceding the West Point Academy
bill be laid aside as it comes up?
The CHAIRMAN. If there be unanimous
consent, it may be done.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from New York has the right to make that motion.
The West Point Academy bill is a general appro-
priation bill; and it is in order, under the rules,
to move to take up that bill, without movingto lay
aside any other bill. The motion having been
made, the vote must be taken whether the House
will take up that bill.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask that the amendments to.
the bill may be read.
The Clerk read them, i
Add at the end of the bill:
6 For repairs and additional professors' quarters, $5,000.
For cavalry exercise hall, ,$20,000.
Skc. 2. be it further enocterf, That the compensa-
tion of professors of French and drawing shall be made
ennal to that of the professors in the other departments;
' ' ,  s\f ihamasler fif swftnl hfi ft 1.200
i follows;
and that the compensation of the master of sword be $1,200
per annum.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means, who had these amendments of the Senate
to the bill under consideration, came to the con-
clusion to report, and did report adversely in
