1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
naturalization, to be indicted for treason in the
country from which he emigrates, if he should take
sides against it, and who, in case he is really guilty
ot an overt act, which m an American would be
treason, would be answerable not at all to our
Government. Tftose, sir, were the views which
I endeavored to present to him. It was in this
light that 1 considered the honorable Senator as
having uttered sentiments in disparagement of the
American people; and if he differs from me, he is
perfectly at liberty to do so as long, and as often
as he chooses; but he will never make me regret
the expressions which I had the honor to use the
other day to reprimand him for his want of patri-
otic and true American feeling.
Mr. WADE. It requires no argument to an-
swer the speech of the Senator now. I have an-
swered the speech before. It has been made here
by the Senator for the third time. He has given
us these views upon this subject before. That I
care nothing about. I have heard that speech be-
fore; but he did not say before that I had said
anything which was in disparagement of the
American people. He did not say that the Sen*
ator from New York and the Senator from Ohio
would not eat their own words.
Mr. CLAYTON. If it is offensive, I say it
now.
Mr WADE. He says he cares nothing about
my feelings. Be that as it may, I intend to sec
myself right upon this question, and 1 am not to
be browbeaten by the Senator, however old he
may be. if he willfully and maliciously misrep-
resents me, 1 will charge it upon him Talk to
me about skulking I Sir, he skulked into a pri-
vate room, and there wrote what he dared not
utter on this floor.
Mr. CLAYTON. That's a lie.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise for the purpose
of calling the attention of the Senator ftom Del-
aware to a portion of his speech, m this connec-
tion. 1 am not willing that it shall stand befoie
the country in its present shape unnoticed and
unexplained. He says:
" I am not one of those who peiwuie foreigners. I never
shall da it. 1 am no bitrot; no sectatian. 1 seek to perse-
cute no man lor Ins religion or his opinions. But J inn rc-
soKeci that no others &hah ever, by inv vote or iaflueiu-e,
be placed in any position where they can persecute nn; oi
my friends, or deny u* either em! oi religions liberty. ]
have heard, duungihe progress oi tins debate, some thin"-*
Uttered to the disparagement ol a portion ot the American
population, which can have but n very unfortunate eflVrt,
m my opinion. 1 was n^ked by my honorable Irtend from
Iowa [Mr. Dodge] whethesf in my judgment, the nnturah-
zation laws .-hould be repealed ? «Why, sir, f have never
been the advocate of the lepeal of the naturalization law*, •
hut let me tell linn, and others here who have ensued
in thib debate, that any remark* which can he, by po-r-i
bihty, conMrued into a di.-paragemenl of the nanveAmeii-
can population of this coimtiy, i\hon compated with the
foreign population now pouting like a nn-jhtv flood into Uns
country, are calculated to eieate panic-. that have btfen un-
known before; and remarks of that description made ori the
floor of the Senate in one dav'n debate, will create an ad
dition ofone hundred thousand to tin; number of tiio-e who
have buen denominated, by some gentlemen, as MCnovv-
Nothings.1
'•Mr. Dodge, of Iowa. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
" Mr. Clayton. Certainly.
tl Mr. Dodge, of town. I at.k him, then, to name that
Senator who instituted an invidious comparison in favor of
foreigners and against Americans. 11 he directly or indi-
rectly alludes to mo as having made such an assertion, I
deny it in tolo; and I must nay for the Senate, that I have
heard no^uch imputation made from any poition ot it
44 Mi. Clayton. TheSenatorsliom N^w York and Ohio
will not so soon eat their woids, I think."
I now ask if the Senator from Delaware in-
tended to sav that I ever " eat my words? "
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly not; nor had I
the slightest idea that the Senator so understood
me.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That comports, then,
with the honorable bearing- of the Senator towards
myself in all the relations in which we have ever
stood to each other. During the time when I
made my somewhat vehement remarks, I took
occasion, knowing that we differed widely as the
poles on this question, to avow for him my
entire respect, and to allude, as I thought, in a
pleasing manner, to a manifestation of that re-
spect which had been given by the State whence
I came, and by my colleague.
Then his speech continues:
"I did not charge the Senator front Iowa with having
reflected ori the American population ; but now that he has
called my attention to thf fact, I will repeat one thing
which he said, thougn I have no unkmd feeling to gratify
doiflg so. He did say of certain American organizations in
this country, that they were 'contemptible '—the 4 Know-
Nothings,' tor instance, and the ' Native, Americans.'
I submit respectfully to my honorable friend, now m his
cooler moments, whether they arc to be con.-idereu as con-
temptible? 1 do not know myself what their principles
1 tiro, tnough the Senator from New York, without any au-
j thunty, has spoken of them ; but one fact must be apparent
t to everybody, and that is, that those men who are called
1 'Know-Nothings' have, wtibm a few months past, ac
i tu*lly carried nearly every election in every American city
i where their standard has* been raised. J am perfectly iguo-
j rant of what toe ical ends and objects of an association so
: formidable may be ; but 1 cannot conceive H possible that
! an organization as extensive as that, and as successful as
; it has been in every instance, can, ui any sense, be coii-
i temptible."
I Mr. President, in speaking upon the subject of
i the homestead bill, and the generous and fairpro-
| vision towards foreigners that it contained, 1 said
; I thought those who were not in favor of a repeal
• of the naturalization laws, or not disposed to favor
i that contemptible Native American, or Know-
; Nothing party,should not support the amendment
' then pending. I did utter those words, i spoke
i of the Native Americans thus; and why did i do
! so ? I did it because the proclamation of their
! principles to the world, and an attempt to enforce
: them^in the '* City of Brotherly Love " caused its
j streets to be laked fore and aft with canister and
j grape shot, belched forth by cannon. I thus spoke
j of them, because they had caused American blood
I to be shed by American hands; because they had
1 consigned to conflagration chutches erected to the
\ worship of the ever-living God, and burned them
to ashes, 1 thus spoke of them; and, as long as
i have a voice, i will thus speak of them. 1 do
regard their principles, as attempted to be carried
out in this country, as a violation of the provisions
of our Constitution, and that religious liberty
which Thomas Jeffeison and his compeeis secured
to us,and winch 1 shall ever seek to maintain and
defend as long as I have a voice, a vote, or where-
withal to do it.
Sir, if these almighty Know-Nothings, who
have carried every electron in every American city,
as the Senator* says, are the counterpart of the
Native Amencan party, I do speak of them thus:
and so understanding, 1 spoke of them. If any
gentleman who knows anything of their princi-
ples will proclaim them, and say they are Amer-
ican, m the broad acceptation of the term—will
say they will not assail or war upon any particu-
lar portion of the community because they may
choose to worship God under a particular form,
according to their conscience—then I will take pride
in unsaying everything i have said of them. In
what 1 yaid of the Native Americans, I judged of
them from their acts; and if the Know-Nothings
arc organized to cany out their doctrines, I will
speak of them as 1 have spoken; and,so under-
standing, 1 did speak of them.
Mr. President, we should all bear in mind that
if to-day we aie called upon to persecute the
Catholics for opinion's sake, we may to-morrow
' be called upon for the same reason to persecute the
| Baptists or the Presbyterians. It is an atrocious
j sentiment. It ia especially atrocious when we re-
i member that, with patriotic devotion, our Catholic
[ fellow-citizens rallied around our country's stand-
| ard and helped bear our banner aloft to the Halls of
i the Montezumas, where it wasplanted in triumph.
1 Ostracize the Catholic, and no sect will escape,
| even while we profess universal toleration. Sir,
| I especially ask the Senate to mark the devotion
j of the abused Catholic to our banner in every
! war in which we have been engaged, under cir-
| cumstances, too, that were strongly calculated to
I excite their sensibilities. They are an abused
! sect, but they were true to us when attempts
| were made to convince them that our army of in-
, vasion in Mexico would sack and pillage the
| churches of the Christian body of which they are
; members. Sir, they faltered not, but they con-
■ tributed their blood and treasure in the defense of
: our common country; and as they are the strongest
| body of our foreign-born population the sacrifice
was important.
I Of prosenptive native Americanism I know
enough to lead me to oppose it. If, as is repre-
, sented of the Know-Nothing organization, it re-
: quires its members to war upon a man because of
j his religion, that religion may be my father's;
; or the place of his birth, which we all know is ac-
j cidental, it would require me to proscribe my
| colleague because his father was born in Wales;
1 such a society I denounce as miseiable and con-
temptible.
I know not what my respected friend from Del-
awaie may suffer from foreign immigration; but,
referrmgtoactions which speak louder than words,
! said here, and I declare now before God and the
Senate, that in no county in Wisconsin or Iowa,
or any portion of the Northwest, have we ever
heard from this population the fiist intimation of a
disposition to resist any one of the Saws of the
United States, or the process of our courts. We
have never heard from them any threatening, or
contempt towards the Government, more than
among our own citizens. 1 beg: gentlemen to bear
in ntmd that, unlevss they so legislate as to keep
these foreigners in the Atlantic States, we in the
West are those who will suffer, if any are to suf-
fer from them; and it should be remembered that
there has never been the first complaint from that
portion of our country as to the disloyalty of these
people who have settled there.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to say, in reply to my
honorable friend from Iowa, that ! do not under-
take to stand heie as the champion of the Native
Americans or the Know-Nothings of the country.
Probably no man knows less about them than I
do; but there is one historical fact, in reference to
which 1 desire to correct the honorable Senator.
He has evidently understood that the first blood
which was shed in Philadelphia, where this pai ty
organization seems first to have arisen, was drawn
by those whom he calis the Native Americans.
Sir, that is not the understanding which I had,and
I lived within forty miles of the spot where the
battle, if 1 may use' that term, occurred. This is-
the first time that I ever heard any other version
given to the story than this: That these men caiiedi
Native Americans had assembled at a public meet-
ing, and were deliberately shot down by foreign-
ers, and that was the whole cause of thfc feud "be-
tween them. If my honorable friend is better
acquainted with the facts than I am, he can say
so; hut that is the version I have always under-
stood; arid I thought I was a perfectly impartial
observer of what occurred there. Then I put itto
my honorable friend, who 1 believe is as true an
American as any one that can be found here or
elsewhere, if his own countrymen had been shot
down at a public or political meeting, by any se£
of men, whether he would not have felt exceed-
ingly indignant, and whether he might not, with
the aid of others, under the influence of the excite-
ment caused by such an outrage, have attacked
them in return ? Sir, I only state these things for
the purpose of putting my friend right, and to de-
sire him to look intothematter and mquirewhether
he may not have done his own countrymen injus-
tice m this particular. That he intended to do
them injustice I never shall believe; but I think he
has done it.
Now, sir, with regard to the Know-Nothings,
as I said before, I do not understand what their
principles are. The Senator from New York,
[Mr. Sewaiu>,} to whom I replied the other day,
undertook to read from some obscure newspaper,
the name of which 1 cannot remember, what were
their principles. If that paper was authorized to
speak for them, it denounces Romanism. The
grounds upon which they undertake to denounce
it I have not seen nor heard; nor do I know the
fact, from anything that I am authorized to say
here, that they themselves are against the Catho-
lics, or desire to persecute them.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate now, upon this occasion, to a debate—it can
scarcely, perhaps, be called a debate—but to a
speech which was made on this floor sometime
ago by the distinguished gentleman from Michigan,
who adverted strongly to the intolerance of the
Catholic church, m reply to some articles which
had been published by Archbishop Hughes.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is under a
misappiehension. I did not advert to the intoler-
ance of the Catholic church as a church. I
maintained that the construction put by some of
its members on a certain effort was not warranted,
and that it did not involve the Catholic religion
truly. I made no reflections on the Catholic
church at ail.
Mr. CLAYTON. But on that occasion refer-
ence was made to a newspaper called the Shep-
herd of the Yalley, which contained sentiments
highly intolerant. Now, I ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he did not, after that debate
was over, receive an additional and new number
of that same paper called the Shepherd of the
