210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
ray friend from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, as to the suf-
ficiency of the civil power of the country to protect
this Government, and to put down all attempts at
filibustering, was brought forward? Was it not
then thought that the courts alone were to attend
to these matters? Then, I know, some members
here regarded the effort of the last Administration
to stop the Cuban expedition as a wrong inter-
ference, and it was said that the civil authority
§lone should interfere in these matters.
Now, sir, I did not understand the Senator from
California as making any charge against the Gov-
ernment on any of these accounts. All that he
desires is to know whether the Government is in
an attitude sufficient to protect its honor, and to
maintain its standing, and its obligations towards
foreign nations? 1 say it is not. .Our military
force is not sufficient, and our Army must be in-
creased; not with the idea of having a standing
array thrown upon the country for no necessary
purpose, but for afar different reason. From the
extension of our country, our sea-coast, within the
last four years, has been doubled, and it requires
a much larger force to protectit than was formerly
required.
The divisions which have, at previous times,
existed between parties in this country relative to
a standing army or a large navy cease to'exist,
because the present condition of the Army and
Navy does not come up to the requisitions of either
of the great parties of the country. Protection is
the only object of this proposed increase. The
object is not to place an incubus upon the country
by an overwhelming army for needless purposes,
or by a navy to rot in your docks; not so. Our
character as a nation has grown; our importance
as a nation has grown; and our dignity now can
alone be maintained, with that respect due to it
from foreign nations, by the power to enforce any
obligation that may exist upon us as a nation, and
any duty that may exist on the part of the citizens
towards the Government.
Now, sir, what I wish to say is this: "VVe have
gradually gone on disappointing the hopes and ex-
pectations of the various Administrations in this
regard. President Fillmore foreseeing, like a judi-
cious man, what was the growing condition of this
country, and what would be its necessities, called
upon us years ago to increase the Navy, and to
increase the Army, to give to the Executive De-
partments of the Government the power to enforce
all the duties which are required of them. Have
you done it, gentleman ? Who cut down the ap-
propriations for military purposes, and for naval
purposes during the last year? The reports of our
proceedings in the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives will tell. Is the failure of the repre-
sentatives of the people to provide for these things
to be charged upon this Administration, or upon
the late Administration? Certainly not. The fault
is here, sir—not with the Executive.
I am no friend to a large standing army. I
have never given a vote with that object in view;
but I am prepared, as one of the members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to which I have
belonged since my first entry into this body, to
say that the military force of the country should
he increased. That committee has, from time to
time, in accordance with the recommendations of
the President of the United States, asked you to
increase the Army. It was not done. They
asked you to provide for raising two mounted
regiments to enforce your treaties, and carry out
honestly and honorably your obligations. That
was not done. Look at the extent of frontier line
between us and Mexico, and then let the future
tell this country what millions will have to be
paid, under that treaty, by this Government to
to the Mexicans, on account of our failure to carry
out its obligations. Then, when we ask you for
the povver to do so, and it is not done, who is to
blame? Do not charge it upon the President of
the United States, or upon the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government, but upon yourselves—
the representatives of the people, who, for the
purpose of keeping down the appropriations, have
voted against them to gratify the people at home,
who are unacquainted with these facts; and you
have thus brought our present unfortunate condi-
tion upon us.
now relation to the Navy. I have
voted for every increase of the Navy which has
been presented since 1 have been here, for it has
been presented m detail. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, headed by my honorable friend from
California, has reported, for the last three or four
years, in favor of an enlargement of the Navy;
and for what reason ? To protect our sea-ports,
to protect our commerce, and to interdict these
filibustering expeditions, which are so well calcu-
lated to dishonor this Union abroad. Who failed
to carry out these propositions which were thus
presented? The representatives of the people.
Why, then, will any man insinuate upon this
floor, or anywhere else, that the late or the present
President of the United States, and their various
heads of Departments, have failed to do their
duty ? They have uniformly, boldly, and strenu-
ously recommended to us to do what they thought
we ought to do; but we, in our wisdom, turned
a deaf ear to their suggestions, and pronounced
that the jpeople would not like to see our appro-
priations so large. When we stopped the appro-
priations for a few millions, by the simple striking
out of a line, we opened a flood-gate of claims
against this country amounting to three or four
tunes the sum by which we diminished the appro-
priations. W hen those claims shall be presented,
if 1 shall be honored with a seat on this^loor, I
shall attempt to give a historical sketch of the
action of this Government in relation to these
appropriations, from the time of the ratification of
the treaty with Mexico down to the present day;
to show who it has been that failed to strengthen
the arm of the Executive Department in order to
carry out the obligations which were incurred
under that treaty.
Now, sir, a few words as to the expedition of
which my friend from California has been speak-
ing. That is one of the incidents belonging to a
republican form of government. It is one of. the
incidents belonging to the peculiar character of
that section of the country, where the lands, as
the honorable Senator observes, are thrown open,
and we are asked to go in and protect the people
by giving them a better government than they
now have. Men can be found everywhere, not
only in California, but in every State of this Union,
whose better feelings, not whostfdisposition to rob
and to steal, would prompt them to go and take
the control of the Government, in order to miti-
gate the despotism inflicted upon those people, and
give to them a prosperity which they never had
before. Because they have gone there they are
said to be censurable. How? As citizens, I am
not disposed to degrade them, because they were
operated upon by high and magnanimous feelings.
I am as much opposed to filibustering as any man
upon this floor; but I tell you, sir, that it will
arise, and it will continue to arise, until you skirt
the whole of your Pacific coast with a naval power
sufficient to intercept all of these expeditions; and
are we not bound to do it ? A great and powerful
nation like the United States should stand upon
its honor, and discharge every obligation due to
other nations. We never can do it, sir, until both
the great parties in this country concur in giving
strength to the Executive arm of the Government
sufficient to carry out our treaty obligations.
Mr. GWIN. I have no desire to further oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate. All I have to
say in reply to the Senator from Virginia is, that
if this proclamation means anything, it means that
the President of the United States has power to I
execute it. If it is not a mere paper proclamation, i
he intends to use that power which the laws and ;
the Constitution have placed in his hands for its
execution. And I undertake to say, without any ;
special authority on the subject, that the President
has issued orders to the naval and military com-
manders on the Pacific coast to do everything !
which the Senator from Virginia says it would be !
a great outrage to authorize. i
Mr. MAfeON. Will the Senator allow me to I
interrupt him for a moment? Do I understand i
him to say that the President of the United States, S
by virtue of any power in himself, has author- s
lzed any portion of the Army or Navy to proceed !
in the execution of the laws at all, except as aux- :
iliary to the civil power, to execute the process of
the courts ? i
Mr. GWIN. I understand the power of the i
Presidentof the United States to be, to see that the '
laws are faithfully executed, and the treaties made !
with foreign Governments enforced; and therefore
J think that if, in his opinion, at any point of the !
United States there is an expedition fitted out, by 1
citizens of the United States, to invade the terri-
tory of another Government, in violation of the
treaties of the United States, he has the right to
stop that expedition until it is ascertained by the
courts of the country whether it is illegal or not.
But how can you stop an expedition until this
investigation takes place in the courts?
1 did not intend to provoke a discussion; but
when such a proclamation on this subject is issued
against citizens of my State, 1 intend to state the
acknowledged fact, that there was an invitation, if
I may so say, from the people of the country
invaded, to engage in such expeditions; for they
have no government, no protection, and the citi-
zens of the United States, wherever they go, afford
that protection which those people do not get from
their nominal Government.
Mr. BADGER. I would very respectfully
suggest to the Senator from California, that I
doubt very much whether we ought to adopt this
resolution. I hope, at all events, the Senate will
allow it to remain until another day. It seems to
me, sir, that the lesolution, so far as any specific
information is desired which the President may
be supposed to have at his command, is already
answered. The Secretaries of War and of the
Navy, in their annual reports communicated with
the President's message, have stated the disposi-
tion made of the military and naval forces of the
United States. And 1 think, as to the question
of opinion for which it is proposed to ask the
President by the resolution, whether the naval
force of the United States was sufficient to have
prevented the act being done, that it is one which
we ought not properly to put to the President of
the United States; because, so far as I am able
to see, without any reasonable foundation in any
facts known to us, it implies that he might have
prevented what he nevertheless has not prevented,
and asks him to answer the question whether he
could have done better with the naval force than
he actually has done.
Then, after we have got the correct information,
it will be nothing but what we have now. It
seems to me that the Senator from California had
no idea of presenting the matter in that shape, it
is slightly deficient in respect towards the Presi-
dent, in asking him whether the force was suffi-
cient to have enabled him to prevent the occurrence
of these transactions. We must take it for granted
that it was not, or he would have prevented them.
What I mean is this, that if the President had
anticipated this event, and had a disposable naval
force at his command, he undoubtedly would have
prevented it. To imply that he would not, as the
inquiry seems to do, or that he might have been
reluctant or negligent in doing it, is, in some de-
gree, casting an implied censure upon him for the
transaction. I know the Senator does not mean
to do that; and I very respectfully suggest that
the resolution had better not be adopted.
Mr. GWIN. The resolution was drawn up
hastily; with no intention to reflect upon the Pres-
ident of the United States. I simply wished to
show to the Senate and the country that there was
no force to be employed there to prevent the expe-
dition. I only wanted the facts properly presented
to the country, and am willing to let the resolu-
tion pass over; and if there is anything1 to be cor-
rected in its phraseology, I shall not be opposed
to its being done.
So the resolution was passed over.
EXTENSION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of thp Senate to present, and have considered at
this time, a resolution of inquiry. I beg leave to
state that I have drawn up this resolution in con-
sequence of a letter which I have just received
from an old and esteemed friend. The resolution
is upon the subject of extending the pension
laws, or rather as to the construction of the laws
granting pensions to the widows of the officers
and soldiers of the late war with Great Britain.
The writer offers, I think, two good reasons why
those laws should he amended or extended. The
first is, that if a woman was worthy to be the wife
of a soldier who sacrificed his life in the cause of
his country she would be likely to marry a second
time. The second, is that the wants of a widow
who has buried two husbands are not less than
the wants of those who have buried one. The
resolution is one of inquiry only, and I hope it
will be adopted. It is:
