920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14y
reference to them all, and recommended a non-
concurrence.
The first amendment is in reference to quarters
for the professors. The committee thought if this i
were adopted it would be only laying the founda- j
tions for the erection of new buildings, which are !
not necessary for the comfort and proper accom- |
modation of the occupants, and which would re- i
quire large appropriations in future to complete j
them. They thought this unwise, and therefore i
reported in favor of non-concurring in this amend- j
ment of the Senate. i
The second amendment is in reference to an ap- ,
propriation for building a riding hall for the cadets.
There was some doubt in the minds of the com-
mittee as to the propriety of this appropriation;
but the committee concluded to repoit in opposi-
tion to-it. The controlling reason, so far as 1 was '
concerned—and I have no doubt it was subritan- .
tially so with other members of the committor—in [
coming to such a conclusion, was this: while we 1
thought that the hall for winch the appropwation j
was asked might be made useful, and at certain ,
seasons of the year might be said to be necessary, '
in the instruction of the cadets, yet, in consider- j
ation of the fact that this same question lias been 1
up before the House year after year, and rejected,
we were of the opinion that an endeavor to ingraft ,
it into tta  bill again would have the effect to bi mg ,
the institution, to some extent, into a kind of dis- j
credit. 1 said this amendment has been here year |
after year nearly as long as I can remember, and |
has generally been made a subject of ridicule in j
debate on this floor; and I do not doubt that such !
debate lias the effect of weakening the institution !
in the mind of the public. i
I have seen some of the professors of the aend- |
emy in relation to the matter; they are intelligent,
honorable, and reliable men I have great confi- I
dence in their judgment. They say the amend- I
ment ought to pass. They say the hall is very j
desirable for the purposes of instruction, and 1
that during the fall and spring seasons of the ;
year, without it, cavalry instructions must cease, \
owing to climate and the nature of the anil i
when frozen and When breaking up; but after a j
full consideration of ihe subject, (lie committee 1
agreed to report in favor of non-concurring m this I
amendment also, and i hope this committee will j
adopt the recommendation of the Committee of!
Ways and Means. !
The other amendment of the Senate non-con- '
curred in by the Committee of Ways and Means,
is the second section of the bill which proposes an ;
increase m the compensation of the professors of j
French and drawing, so as to be equal to that of -
the professors m the other departments, and (hat !
the compensation of the master of the sword ;
shall be 1,200 per annum. The Committee ofj
Ways and Means thought no sufficient reasons :
were appaient for this proposed change, and they i
recommended a non-concurrence in this amend- i
ment also.
Mr. Chairman, I, for one, am, and I believe
every one of the committee which had this matter
in charge are, friendly to tfins institution, and have
every desite to cheushand protect it. i would
not withhold from it one cent that would promote
its usefulness and piospenty. Nay, sir, fioni an
overflowing treasury ! would give liberally; but,
sir, it should be with due and proper discrimina-
tion; and the Committee of Ways and Means
thought that these wews would be best promoted
by making the disposition of these amendments
that I have pointed out. We aie not wedded to
these opinions, however, if a majonty here think
a concurrence in one, or all, of these amendments
would be wiser. I thmk, sir, fbat this committee
now understand the position of thebiil anti amend-
ments, and I hope it will a<%t promptly in the mat-
ter, and either concur with the Committee of
Ways and Means or non-concur, for with either
course I shall be satisfied. Although f believe
that the permanent interests of the institution :i
will be best promoted by concurring with the re-4|
port of the Committee^of Ways and Means. !j
Mr. BISSELL. Not having had theopportu- j
nity of hearing the first portion of the remarks of !l
the gentleman from New York, 1 am not able to
understand what the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend in reference to these amend-'!
ments, i:
Mr. HAVEN. ^ We recommend the striking
out of the appropriation of ^5,0U0 for additional'!
quarters for the professors; also,.the appropriation
of $20,000 for a riding hall; and al-o striking
out the second section.
Mr. BISSELL. I no ,v ask that all the amend-
ments may be read, so that we can see what they
are.
The Clerk again read the amendments,
Mr. BISSELL. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
the two appropriations proposed to be stricken
out—the one of $5,000 for houses for the officers
at West Point, and the other of §20,000 for the
erection of a suitable riding-hall, were recommend-
ed by the Board of Visitors, men indiscriminately
taken fiom all sections of the country, selected
foi tbeirpresumed fitness for that and othei kindred
objects. After their visit to the Academy, and
examination into the wants of the institution, they
strongly recommended these two appropriations.
These appropnutions, or at least the one provid-
ing for the erection of a suitable ruhng-htill, have
been recommended by the War Department for
several years in succession, and strongly urged
by those who are presumed to be most familiar
with the wants and necessities of that institution.
But I have heietofore voted against the pro-
posed appiopnation for the riding-hall without
much investigation, and on what was the popular
idea here and elsewhere, that the young men who
go to West Point should be dulled out of doors,
and mured to out-door exeic.ise; a policy which a
ndmg-hail would interfere with, and that to erect
such a building for them to ude in, a cover to
protect them from the weather or any other
inconvenience, was but an admonition to them
to become as effeminate as possible m all those
things m which they were being trained. But
since 1 have hnd the honor of being chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, I have taken
occasion to look more closely into the subject, and
have become convinced that a suitable riding-hall
is absolutely necessary, not so much for the eon-
\ enience of the cadets; not for their comfort, which
I do not take into the account at all at this time,
but for the benefit of the institution, and in order
that the Government may derive all advantages
which it is entitled to expect liom an institution
kept up at no inconsiderable expense. I am as-
mued that without siuhahali the cadets cannot
be drilled on horseback more than about three
months in the year. Do not let it be supposed
that it is on acc mnt of the cold, the rain, or the
snow, so far as they affect the cadets themselves,
that they cannot be so drilled. It is on account,
rather, of the horses.
This institution is located pretty far north, and
pretty high up. Its latitude and altitude are both
well up. Jt is a cold place. There are short sum-
mers and long wmteis. The snow lies deep there
in winter, and it rains much in fall and spring.
The giound is liable to be coveied with ice, with
deep snow, or with snow partially formed into
ice, presenting a rough and hummocky surface,
but still very slippery. Thi««, in those peculiar,
difficult, and prompt movements required in drill-
ing a platoon of mounted men, is dangerous to
the limbs and necks of the horses, to say nothing
of the safety of their riders.
So it is again, m spring and fall, when the
ground is being released.from the frost—or, as we
say, the ground is breaking up—a slow process m
that high latitude. At such times, it will readily
be perceived that ground, trampled upon by horses
every day, must become plungy, and unfit for the
put pose of teaching horses military .exercise. Jt
should be borne in mind that this is peculiar busi-
ness—not plain straightforward riding, such as
we who are here sometimes do. In this exercise
horses aie required to perform their evolutions
side by side, and in very close proximity, as well
as' simultaneously. If the ground be soft and'
miry—if it be half frozen, but yet not sufficiently
so to bear the horse and his rider—or if it be icy,
and the horse liable to shpfs-and every abrunt or
sudden turn or halt, with what advantage can
horseback drill be prosecuted?
But, despite all these things, there might still be
left some four or five months in the year, when cav-
alry exercise might be had but for another reason
which I will mention. It is well known that for
two or three months during the summer the cadets
are required to leave the Academy for the purpose
of being drilled in camp, and as infant! y. This
is an indispensable part of their instruction. This
takes from their cavalry exercise during the most
favorable part of the season. On the whole, as I
have already stated, the cadet, as things now are,
can scarcely receive moie than three months m-
stiuction in cavalry exercise during the year-
Erect a suitable riding-hall, and he may receive
nine months instruction.
Now, the Government is at the expense of
keeping over ninety horses at West Point, for
no other purpose than the one f have indicated.
They are of use scarcely more than three months-
in the year. By granting the appropriation here
a^ked for, they may be of service nine iinonths in
the year. Does not economy require, then, that
this appropriation be made < It is not intended,
of course, that the hall shall be used except at
such times as the state of the ground forbids out-
door exercise. The whole amount of this matter
is just this: that at present we do not get the ad-
vantage we ought to derive from this institution,
considering' the expense it has been and sfdl is to
the Government annually; and if we would ge<
ail the advantage which we are entitled to receive,
considering that expense, we must make this ad-
ditional appropriation for this very necessary ap-
pendage to the institution.
Mr. BENTON. This riding house is not ab-
solutely a new acquaintance with me. [recollect,
years agojapphcations weiemade, some of which
were successful, for appropriations for this house
for equitation—learning to ride on horseback. I
believe they were called "exercisesin equitation,"
whii h being translated into English, means riding
on horseback. [Laughter] I recollect that about
1831), £30,000 were appropriated at one time for
this house for exercising in equitation, which sum
was m addition to the appropriations made before.
1 thought when that $.'50,000 was added, that we
should have no more of these appropriations, but
here is an application for $20,000 more. I have
lead the recommendation which the visitors have
made m behalf of it. Doubtless the visitors are
veiy clever and popular men.
But I have been accustomed to look at the re-
ports which come from these visitors at West
Point as coming from the professors themselves,
through the instrumentality of a committee of
these visitors. Every one of the reports which
I have examined seems to be drawn up by the-
head of the branch of business which that par-
ticular section of the board is assigned to examine.
I never had a good opinion of these boards of
visitors. When we paid them a trifle there was
an overwhelming number of applications to get
appointments as visitors to West Point, arid
members of Congress often carried the day, get-
ting a little mileage and some small pay besides.
We afterwards stopped this, but made appropri-
ations for subsistence and dinner", while the vis-
itors remained there; and such is the love of office-
and compensation of some kind or other, that for
a mere belly full of meat and wine there has al-
ways been a throng of applicants to the War Office
for appointments upon the Board of Visitors.
For near twenty years I was chairman of the
Senate's Committee on Military Affairs. From
my position, and from the fact of having once be-
longed to the Army mysplf, 1 was a sort of natu-
ral line of visitors to West Point, but I would
never gothere. The reason why was this: I knew
that no peisons who begged their appointment
there as visitors would ever sign a report that I
would draw up, and I knew that I ne\er would
sign a report whi< h they would draw up, or would
be drawn up for us; and so I never went there. I
recollect very well the old debates about th is riding-
house. I am not able to say how many appro-
priations were made for it, but I recollect one of
$30,000. When that was made, membeis from the
West were astonished at hearing ot the hardships
of these young gentlemen, in having to ride upon
horseback m cold weather, in hail and snow, and
also in the hot, burning sun, and it was suggested
by \arious members that it would be economy to
reduce the young gentlemen to the degree of pro-
tection against bad weather, to which the young
women and the old women of New England were
subjected, by giving them a parasol for the sun,an
umbrella for the ram, and a pelisse for a cold day.
Tt was then said by New England men—and I
could name onegentleman who said that the young
women and the old women of his State all rode
about during all kinds of weather in the open air;
and New England was further north than West
Point; and that the people of the country worked
