1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1779
Valley reiterating sentiments highly intolerant,
declaring;, m fact, against liberty of conscience,
religious toleration, liberty of speech, and even
liberty of thought ? Did not the honorable Sen-
ator receive such a paper as that?
Mr. CASS. I did; and the amount of it was
pretty much as the honorable Senator states.
Mr. CLAYTON". Very well. I received such
an one, and have it now. At the top of that paper
was the name of the Archbishop of that diocese,
Peter Richard, I believe. The editor of the paper
stated that he was authorized to use his imprima-
tur. That>aIso, the honorable Senator saw Now,
sir, knowing; as little about sects as any man,
being as little of a sectarian as any man in the
United States, and as little of a bigot, never having
had the'slightestfeehng to persecute my fcllow cui-
zen on account of hi5? religion, yet 1 will avail myself
of this occasion to say, that if these were the sen-
timents of the Catholic church, then everything
that has been ur^ed against them in regard to in-
tolerance is sustained; but 1 cannot and will not
believe it without further evidence.
Some of the most estimable friends I have in
the world are Catholics. Some of my ancestors
have been Catholics, i have no motive for be-
lieving statements against them, and I will not
believe them until they are substantiated, notonly
by credible testimony, hut by irresistible testi-
mony; hut let me bring my honorable friend from
Iowa back to this fact. If those men who are
called " Know-Nothings,"have seen such papers
as that which the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan has received, and which I received, they
would probably form the opinion that here was
existing in the community a highly intolerant re-
ligious sect, dangerous to their own religious
liberty; and if they honestly believed that, then
my honorable friend surely would be one of the
last men in the world to denounce them for their
opposition to it; for I am sure he would be one of
the very first to stand up always in defense of
both civil and religious liberty. _
Mr. WELLER. I suppose it will be impossi-
ble to obtain a vote to-day. I desire to submit a
few observations on this subject, but I will post-
pone those remarks until the substitute which
has been submitted by the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] shall be printed. I shall, there-
fore, be compelled to move an adjournment,simply
expressing the hope that there may be no serious
difficulties between our two young friends upon
the ofher side of the Chamber, who have been so
belligerent this afternoon. [Laughter ]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 18, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. IIekry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is upon the motion to recommit the bill, reported
from the Committee on the Post OJTice and Post
Roads, to amend an act entitled " An act to amend
an act entitled an act to reduce and modify the
rates of postage m the United States," passed
August 30, 1852.
THOMAS K. GLENN.
Mr. KERR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Seriate
bill No. 448, being " An act for the relief of
Thomas K. Glenn," that it may be put upon its
passage. The bill makes no appropriation of
money. It merely empowers the Postmaster Gen-
eral to correct an obvious mistake which he says
ought to be corrected in a contract which one of
my constituents made with the Post Office Depart-
ment for carrying the mail in 1851.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time, and passed.
TERRITORY ACQUIRED FROM MEXICO.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following bill:
" An act declaring the southern. boundary of
New Mexico." < n- i -
The bill was read in extenso,-foiriiKformation, as
follows: . ,f *
Be xt enacted $c., That until otherwise provided by law,
the territory acquired under the late treaty with Mexico,
commonly known as  the Gadsden treaty, be, and ihe same
is hereby, incorporated with the Territory of New Mex-
ico, subject to all the laws of said named Territory.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I merely desire to state to
the House, in a few words, the object of the bill.
Gentlemen who have hsflsned to the reading of the
bill will see at once the propriety of its immediate
passage. The territory which welhave lately ac-
quired under the Gadsden treaty is now without
law. There are no courts organized in the terri-
tory for the execution and enforcement of the laws.
It is necessary, therefore, inasmuch as the terri-
tory is open to settlement, that there should be
some laws for the protection and government of
the people who settle there. I hope, therefore, as
it seems absolutely necessary to extend the benefit
of laws over that territory, that there will be no
objection to the introduction and passage of the
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PHILLIPS Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does this bill come from
any committee?
Mr. PHILLIPS. It does not. I am on the
Committee on Territories, but I do not propose
the bill from that committee. It is so self-evident
a proposition, that I did not think it necessary for
it to receive the approbation of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. How can we tell, before
the boundary is run, what people are to come
under our jurisdiction ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. The bill states it as all the
country acquired by the treaty with Mexico, and
which is annexed. That is the buundaiy. The
treaty settles the land that is acquired, and we
annex just that land which we acquired under the
treaty.
Mr. CHANDLER. But we have appointed a
commission to ascertain what the boundaries are,
and to ascertain who are included within the lands
thus acquired.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I willstate to my friend from
Pennsylvania, that that makes no difficulty. We
annexed Texas, and the boundarfy was subse-
quently settled. It will constitute no difficulty, as
the exact line shall be hereafter run.
Mr. PECKI1AM. Are there any people resid-
ing on that acquired territory?
Mr. PHILLIPS. There are.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then 1 object to the intro-
duction of the bill.
NATIONAL HOTEL COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back Senate bill
(No. 178,) " to incorporate the National Hotel
Company of Washington City, with an amend-
ment, and to have it put upon its passage. I appeal
to the courtesy of the House to permit me to say
one word m relation to it.
Mr. OLDS. Has the morning hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. OLDS. This is a bill which must neces-
sarily give rise to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, it will not.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I think it will,
and therefore I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to appeal to my friend
from New York to withdraw his objection. I
wish to make one statement. My colleague, the
chairman of the Committee fui the Distiict of
Columbia, is now absent ftom his seat, and con-
fined to his room: and I therefore desire for him
to introduce this bill.
Mr. JONES. Under, these circumstances I u$l
withdraw my objection.
Mr. WALSH'. I renew it. /;
Mr. DAVIS. Then let it go. „
NEWSPAPER POSTjAGE
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] is entitled to thfe floor on the propo-
sition to recommit the following bill:
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled An act to reduce and modify the
rates of postage in the United.States,' "passed
August 1852.
Mr OLDS. I do not see the gentleman from
Virginia in his place; and believing, as I do, that
this bill is thoroughly understood by the House,
after having been discussed when the proposition
was up some weeks ago, I move the previous
question.
nces I w#l
V
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw, for a moment, his
call for the previous question.
Mr. OLDS. Certainly. -1 withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mr„ Speaker, is there a
motion pending to refer this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then, ifit is in order, £
will move to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to recommit it.
Mr. WASHBURN. But is it notalsoin order
to make the motion which 1 have indicated?
I The SPEAKER.. Yes; it is also in order to
j move to send it to the Committee of the Whole
; on the state of the Union.
, Mr. WASHBURN. I hope that this bill will
l not pass. I do not see any occasion for its pas-
i sage. I do not believe that it is demanded by the
1 wants of the countiy. On the showing of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] I believe it is
, not demanded, and that it ought not to pass. I
I believe that now, at the present time, the Post
; Office Department is rightly considered & self-
j sustaining Department.
The Government uses this Department to a
: very large extent. All the Departments of the
| Government use it. It is used by the Post Office
; Department as well as others; and the Govern-
i ment has also considered it to be a matter of public
j interest, and for the public good, that the members
i of Congress should have a right to use it without
] paying: postage to the Department; use it to frank
i letters, documents published by order of Cong! ess,
I speeches, proceedings of the two Houses, &c.,
j for the information and advantage of the whole
i country, and not of the writers of letters and sub-
I scnbers to newspapers merely. For all the pur-
! poses for which that Department is used, and
: which are for the interest of,the countiy and the
[ people generally, all the people, the postage pay-
j ers, and non-postage payers, ought to pay; and,
i to effect this, the Government should pay its own
j proportion, its own equitable and just share of the
expenses of the Department.
By the Government paying postage upon letters
and newspapers, in.the same manner and at the
same rates that individuals do, I believe the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads [Mr. Oj.ds] swill not deny that the De-
partment would be a self-sustaining one. I believe
he admits that fact. We have found it necessary
to have post roads, and post offices, upon our fron-
tiers, for the purpose of forming connection be-
tween this city, and the Atlantic sea-board gen-
erally, with the exterior portions of the country—
for tfie purpose of connecting the center with the
circumference. We have found it necessary to
have post roads and post offices for the benefit of
the Army and theNavy, fortheopening and facili-
tating settlementsm theTerritones,and increasing
the sales of our lands for the advantageof the gen-
eral Treasury. Those routes and offices are not
self-sustaining, but they are necessary for the in-
terests of the Government, and the people gen-
erally, and for sustaining those distant frontier
routes, for transmitting intelligence from the de-
partments of the Government, the Government,
and not the postage payers alone, ought to con-
tribute.
It is unreasonable to make the newspaper read-
ers and the letter-writers pay for transporting let-
teis of the Government officers, and the mails of
the departments, and for the establishment of post
roads for carrying the mails into the far-off terri-
tories, in the outside portions of the Republic.
Make the Government pay what it should pay,
what its fair proportion is, and the Department
would be self-sustaining. But it is unreasonable
to make the newspaper readers and the letter-
wuters pay for those who do neither. It is un-
equal and unjust. The service of the Post Office
establishment, to the extent of $,2,000,000 at least,
is for the uses and advantage of the Government.
That amount, as it is incut red forthebenefit^ofall,
should be paid by all from the Treasury, into
which all pay, and not by increasing the rates of
postage which are pnid by part only of the people.
I see by a schedule which was read the other
day by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ha-
ven,] that in the State of Maine the Departmeat is
self-sustaining, and eoasiderably more. The post
