922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
print what portion of his remarks he may not
desire to deliver at length to-day.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I am obliged to the gentle-
man. f will try to avail myself of the rule again.
If the gentleman had been so kind awhile ago,
as to extend me that courtesy, I might have ac-
cepted it.
Air. HAVEN. I demand tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Benson and
Vail were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to, and thereupon,
at twenty minutes to three o'clock, p. m., the
House adjourned until Monday next at twelve
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpiil 17, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The J ournal of Thursday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC. ;
Mr. WADE presented the petition of citizens of
Ohio, remonstrating against any infringement of
the Missouri compromise; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented documents in relation
to the claim of the hens of Nathan Daggett to
compensation for services during the i evolutionary
wtit; which, together with sundry paper* on the
files of the Senate in relation to the same claim,
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the remonstrance of a public meeting held
at Point Isabel, m the State of Texas, against the
removal of the custom-house from that place, and
a change of the port of entry from there to
Brownsville; also, the memorial of S. Mussing,
praying that the custom-house may not be removed
from Point Isabel to Brownsville, Texas; which
were lefened to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Pacific.
Mcid Steamship Company of New York, protest-
ing against the annulment of their contracts for
the transportation of the mails; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post 0dice and Post Roa'is.
Mr. SUMNKR presented the petition of the
women of S.mdisfield, Massachusetts, remonstia-
t«n«  against the passage of any net, directly or
indirectly, legalizing slavery in the Territories of
the United States; winch was ordered to he on the
table.
Also, two petitions of inhabitants of Andover,
Massachusetts, praying a reduction of the rates
of ocean postage; winch were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office ami Post Bonds.
Also, a petition signed by Mrs. Harriet Beecher
Stowe ami other women, of Massachusetts, piay-
in^ a leduction of the rates of ocean postj^e;
which was referied to the Committee on the Post
Oliice and Post Roads.
Mr. SEW ARD presented additional documents
in relation to the c.laun of the representatives of
John Shuhz, for remuneration for seivices ren-
dered by htm during the revolutionary war;
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, a remonstrance from citizens of Berrien
county, Michigan, against the passage of the
Nebraska-Kansas bill; which was ordered to he
on ttie table.
Mr BRODT1 EAD presented a memorial signed
by citizens of Nm thumberland county, Pennsyl-
vania, playing that the homestead bill may be so
amended ns that each citizen, who has heretofore
purchased one hundred and sixty acres of public
hml, may be refunded the amount paid by him
with interest thereon; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trade and
Merchants' Exchange, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
praying that an appropriation maybe made for
deepening the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Marshall county, Iowa, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Toledo to
Eldorado, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of citizens ;
of Alexandria, Virginia, praying areduction of the
rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the ,
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ■
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti- \
tion of the State Historical Society of Wisconsin, |
praying that copies of our national medals may j
be struck in bronze and distributed; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library. !
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of L. E. Truesdell, proposing to construct a good
rg&d from some point near Council Bluff to Cali-
fornia, to establish a line of coaches thereon for
transporting the mails and passengers, and also to
constiuct a line of telegraph upon certain condi-
tions.
Ordered, That «o much of the memorial as relate5: to the
construction of a road, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands and that so much thereof as relates to the
tiam-poitam>n of the mail-*, and the construction of a tele
graph, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 present to the Senate the
memorial of D. McManus, a chaplain m the
Army, now at Fort Gibson, praying to be allowed
a land warrant; winch 1 move may be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
I do not Know upon what law or regulation their
position is based, or m what light their position
ought to be regarded in reference to the applica-
tion now made for bounty land; but ns a new
principle is to be adopted, or rather an old one is
asked to be extended to a new class of cases, J
move to refer it to the Pension Committee. I am
glad now in this connection, however, to say, that
if the clergy are connected with, incorporated
with the Aimy as chaplains, or had any perma-
nent connection with the Army during the war
with Mexico, they ought not to be excluded from
the same character of compensation at some fair
rate, which has been allowed and conferred upon
others. If they are actually connected with the
Atmy, (and I understand they are, and are miser-
ably paid,) it seems to me little short of a degrada-
tion and an outrage to exclude them from com-
pensation and benefits winch have been made to
all other classes.
The memorial was referred to theCommitteeon
Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Oidpicd, Tb,it the memorial of members of the bar at
Detroit, Michigan, pra\ rug an increase oi me .salary of the
United States ih^iriet judge tor Michigan, be u uhdiawn troin i
the tiles ot ilio Sumitc, and reterred to the Committee on
the Judiciaiy. :
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Benjamin Arnold be with-
diawn irom the n!e< of the Senate, and reterred to the
Commutee on Claim?..
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. !
Mr. WALKER., from the Committee on In* I
dnm Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
James Pool, praying interest on his accounts from
the time when certified by the Second Auditor to
be due to the time of their payment, asked to be
discharged fiom its fuither consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr PKT TIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Robert C. Steptoe and others, praying sat-
isfaction for landsgranted by the Stateof Georgia,
in 1784, and afterwards ceded to the United States,
submitted, an adverse report theieon; which was
ordered to he printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committeeon Indian
Affniis, to whom was refeired the petition of
the legal representatives of Henry Conner, alias
" Wabish-Kin-dib," deceased, praying the pay-
ment of an amount awarded said Conner under
the treaty with the Saganaw band of Chippewa
Indians, of January 14,1837, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of George Jennings and others, praying that
Thomas D. Jennings may be allowed to enter a
certain tract of land settled by his father, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Juan Manuel Luco
and Jose Leandro Luco, praying permission to
file their title to a certain tract of land in California
before the Board of United States Land Commis-
sioners, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution from the House of Representa-
tives, explanatory of the second section of a ie res-
olution to establish certain post routes," approved
July 12, 1852, reported it back without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of R. D. Battle, adminis-
trator of the estate of Isaac L. Battle, praying that
the estate may be released from further liability
under a judgment,submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of the estate of Isaac L.
Battle; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was refeired the bi'l fiora
the House of Representatives, to authorize the
selection of school districts in lieu of the sixteenth
sections within the twelve miles square reserva-
tion, State of Alabama, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill confirmatory of certain school selections;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
HON. TRUMAN SMITH.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: A
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be requested
I to inform the Executive ol the State of Connecticut that
the lion Tkt;m\n Smith, one of the Senators from said
Stat'-, did, on the ltih instant, resign his scat m the Sen-
aie of the United States, to take effect lrom and alter the
xiilh day of May next.
POSTAL OPERATIONS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Rewlvcd, Tli.it the Postmaster General be requested to
ascertain, and report forihe information ofthe Senate.
Fust The number ot dead-letters m the last postal year;
and the proportion or pei cent ot them not prepaid; and
the amount ol postage, known or estimated, vvhieb would
have been received, or required for the prepayment of aiicll
ot said letters as were not prepaid.
Second. What is the total weight of some given large
number of d^ad letter*, taken at i.uidom, at the dead letter
otlice, and of those  o weighed and counted ; what is the
total weight and number of tho-se now rated at single po>t-
age ; and, separately, the total weight and number ot thu&e
now rated at more than .single postage.
Thml. In each of several of ttie large office*, supposed to
bealan aveiage, in that respect, ot the business of the
country, what i* the total weight of some given latge i>mn -
her ot Jetiers deposited or delivered; and of those so weighed,
u hat is the number and weight ol those now rated at simple
po-tage, and, (separately) of those now rated at more than
simile postage.
Fourth. What propoition or per cent., in number, of the
letters now mailed, are, in the opinion of the clerks and
posnna-Ueis, and of the Postmaster General, probably ot a
weight not exceeding one fourth of an ounce each ?
Filth. In the opinion of the opening eiei ks at the dead-
leiter office, what proportionate part of (he surface or paper
ol the 'ettris opened hy them is blank, i e , wh.it is the
aveiage piopoiiion or pei cent, of blank suriace, as com-
pared vvilh the written suit face.
fc>i\th. (low weM oi suftic lently is the presentrate charged
! upon advertised letters iound to compensate for the cost of
' advertising, and what is the greatest loss to the Depait-
| mem, in any one ofthe last si\ \eai-, m the cost ot adver-
j ti<.ng letter^ over and above the receipts of the Depai tmenf
| tor advertising them.
: Seventh. "What is the number of cierks or persons now
! and heietofoie required oi < ntployrd in the (i-'iiei a! Post
i Ofhce. in examining, computing, leeordnig, and compai mg
1 the ie'uin< alone.
; Kiirhth. V\ hat is the number of Mteis carried m the Kut-
ish matin m the labt year, ot which <i report has been re-
ceived; and what the nmnbei the year puoi to the adop-
tion of uniform penny postage.
Ninth. Foi how man) \eai * ha.s the Biitish penny postage
been a smji ce of revenue over and abov e the expenses; and
what was the amount of such net levenue rn the > ear last
imported ?
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN" submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of creating an addi-
tional collection district in the State of Caliiorrna, to be
composed of the counties of Humboldt, Trinity, Yreka,
and Klamoth.
LAND DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GW1N submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of creating a new
