924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
possibility of establishing a spiritual telegraph be-
tween the material and the spiritual world.
Air. MASON. 1 move that the petition lie
upon the table.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am willing to allow it to
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to; and the petition*
was ordered to lie on the table.
THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, so much of
the President's annuut message as related to the
judiciary system of theUmted Stales, was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The report
of the Attorney General, upon the same subject,
was also referred to that committee. We nave
given the in vesti^at ion of the subject nnusual care
and attention; and the bill, which i am directed to
report fiom the committee, comes to the Senate
under very high sanction. It embodies, I believe,
the essential suggestions contained in the report
of the Attorney General, and I may say is passing
that although the judges of the Supreme Couit
act under a pretty correct method and system, the
bill I present will leceive theirapprobatmn. i ask,
as the bill is one of great practical importance,
that it may be made the special o;der of the day
for the fust Monday in May, and that the report
which accompanies the bill be printed.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
made the special order of the day for the first,
Monday in May.
The report was ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN GREY AND OTHERS.
Mr. PETTIT. I have an adverse report to
make from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
in reference to the claim of the heirs of Captain
Grey and others, to land upon (he northwest coast
of America. I will detain the Senate but a mo-
ment in explaining the leasons for the report of
the commt tee, as, it seemed to us, the papeis
ought to be relet red to another committee.
The memorial on which this report is made,
prays for two things. It alleges that these ex-
ploiers wtre the fiist vi.siiois upon the northwest-
ern coast, thrtt they purchased large tracts of
country from the chiefs of the native tribes there,
and that their punlntses were very extensive
They ask a confn mation by Confess of their
title to thesae puichases; but in the event—and
they ask in the ylternative—of the confirmation
not being granted, they pray for a pecuniary con-
sideration or reward iortheir trouble, vexation,&c.
The Committee on Private Land Claims have
directed nie to report adversely as to the confirm-
ation of land, so far as the petition goes on that
subject. The committee repaid it as being very
clear that they could not have bought of the na-
tives. The parties admit that they took posses-
sion in the name of the United States—that they
raised the flag of the United States. The com-
mittee, therefore, conclude that they must have
acknowledged themselves as necessarily coming
withm the policy and laws of the United States,
which forbid them to buy, individually, of any
tribe. I am, therefore, directed to make a report
on that subject, asking to be discharged from the
further consideration of the question, not express-
ing any opinion, howevei,as to whether the Gov-
ernment ought or ought not to make the parties a
pecuniary consideration; but if it ought, u is clear
that the mutter should go to the Committee on
Claims, and not to the Committee on Pnvate
Land Chums. I, therefore, move that the report
be printed, tiiat the Committee on Private Land
Claims be discharged from the further considera-
tion of tiie memorial, and thai it be leferred to the
Committee on Claims.
The 'motion was agreed to.
SCHO'.JL LANDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives "to authoiize the
school commissioners of the fractional township
ISTo. 1, lange No. 10 east, in Alabama, to locate
one half section of land for school purposes,"
have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. As the bill is
one to which there can be no objection whatever,
and as there is an anxiety prevatlingamong those
interested for its passage, I move that it be now
taken up and considere'd.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Iowa will prevail. If I recol- |
Iect the facts of the case correctly, the sixteenth j
section of land in the township mentioned m the j
bill, (for the failure of which it is intended to pro- j
vide,) h tppened to be an Indian reset vatioo, and ;
the people of tne township were thereby depnved |
of the benefit provided by the general act for the ;
admission of the State of Alabama into the Union, j
By that act the sixteenth section in each township I
was granted to the inhabitants of the township for i
the benefit of common schools. The present, bill, ;
I believe, is intended to provide the citizens of the
township named m it, with the benefits derived j
under the general act by the citizens of other town-
ships. Hence, 1 trust it will be considered and ;
passed immediately. j
Mr. BROWN. This bill has passed the House, !
1 believe. ;
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir. (
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope, therefore, it will be per- j
mitted to go over until to-morrow morning. There
are some other cases*of the same kind which 1
would like to have provided for. ■
Mr. CLAY. .Out 1 hope this bill will not be J
embariassed by them. '
Mr. BROWN, i will not embarrass this bill;
but I should prefer that it go over unul to-morrow
morning.
GRADUATION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill from the House of Representatives to j
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivalois, was read a iiist ■
and second time. ,
Mr. ADAMS. I move that the bill be referred i
to the Committee on Public Lands; and in doing
so beg leave to call the attention of thatcomrruttee
especially to it, inasmuch as i introduced a lull of
similar import on one of the eai best days of this
session. 1 know that that committee have agreat
ileal of labor upon their hands; but the bill is one
which I conceive to be woi th moi e to the Tieasury,
! more to the country, than twenty homestead bills,
' and, pel haps, than all the bills in addition i elating
| to the public lands which have been passed for
l> twenty yeais. It has the great advantage of
!j being founded in justice; and 1 do hope that the
! committee will find* it convenient to act tarty upon
; it. 1 think it requires slight amendment. L is
' the fust lime, 1 hehe\e, that the House of liep-
j ie:>enlatives have passed a graduation bill. I re-
i peat, 1 hope the committee will act upon it at an
j eaily day, ho that we may have an opportunity of
ascertaining the sense of the Senate in relation to it.
! The bill was referred to the Committee on Public
; Lands.
! HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
! The bill from the I louse of Repiesentatives for
> the relief of the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe,
1 was read twice by its title; and referred to the
I Committee on Indian Affairs.
! PACIFIC RAILROAD,
i Mr. GWIN. 1 desire i.o ask the Senate to take
i up the Pacific railroad bill, for the jmipose of-!
I making it the special order for to-morrow week, !■
| at twelve and a half o'clock. j;
1 The PRESIDENT. It is a special order now. :!
Mr. GWIN. Then I desire to say that I will, '!
to morrow week, ask the Senate to proceed to its j1
| consideration. jj
EXECUTIVE SESSION. !'
|, On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro- jj
ji ceeued to the consideration of Executive business; jj
' and, after some time spent therein, the doors were jj
reopened, and j,
i The Senate adjourned. - I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, Jlpril 17, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William IT. Mileurnt.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Thomas D. Eliot, a Representative elect from
the first congressional distnctof the State of Mas-
sachusetts, in the place of Zeno Scudder, re-
signed, appeared, and was qualified by taking the
customary oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
on the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the State of the Union, on the Senate amend-
ments to House biil No. 47, (the Military Academy lall,)
shall cease in five minutes atter Its consideration le-
pumed, if the committee sdiall not sooner come to a con-
clusion upon (he same; and the committee shall then pio-
Ceed to vole on such amendments as may be pending or
oft'eied to the same, and then import it to the Ilou-e, with
such amendments as may have been agieed to by the, com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the pre-
vious question on that.
The previous question received a second; and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
MARITIME RIGHTS THE EUROPEAN SYS-
TEMS.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
: resolutions. All 1 desne is, that they .shall be
read for information and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
j The resolutions were then read, as follows:
j Re--olntions of Copgre-* declaratory ol oui maritime lights,
j and ot oui poliej inteidietmu ihe extension ot the Uuro-
j pe.in -ystein of Oovei inner.t on any portion of this lienn-
; s-pliere.
j HisnlreiJ by /he Sennfc and House of Representatives of
] (he United Stales of Jl inenvtt in Oori^iess assembled, That
j the United States, as a maritime Power, having neuttal
i rights to maintain, deem it proper, in view ol the exiting
I Wiir in ICuiopo, to declare and make known, that every
i American vessel engaged in the lawful pur un* of com-
j nieicc, ii held by tin* Government to be protected by the
, fldg that covers liei, and winch shall b -* the evidem e <<( her
nation.ihtv ; that we atlaeh to all vneh ve^H* a ehaiacter
ol soveietgnty, cori'sideiing them asclolhed with immuni-
ties eorri's-pontiiiiij to tho-e %vlnch appertain to out territoiy;
; that our right-*, a-> thu-* declaied. r -~t upon no pteeanou-s or
tcmpoiarj ha-i*<, nor upon the concessions ol any power, hut
1 upon public law an moisted upon from the earfv history of
the Kepnblic; and that any attempt to enfoicc an obsolete
right ot impressment, search, detention, or visitation, in
j rcgind to >ik h Amencan  lup<, will he regaided as an act
j ol hohtih'y to the United Slate*, and just eait-e ol vvai.
; lie it fmthcr ic-iolvd, That a? the existing conthrts in
' Km ope may lead to ihe clfftnge ot political sovereignty m
, «-on)e of lite European Powets., and Ihe destruction ot poiit-
- ical sovereignty in others, we deem if pioper iur Congress
1 to make known to thuni, that we alliun the doctrine, that
■ we should consider nnj attempt on their part, to extend
their sys'em* ol government to any portion ot this henit-
. sphere, a-* dangerous to our peace and safely, and from the
' geugiapliif d and commercial position of the NUmd nf Cuba
j tu tins continent, wc will nevei consent that her sovereignty
I be trunsterrcd, exccpt to the United Slates, to whom she
seems natuiallyto belong.
Mr. COX. I object to the introduction of the
resolutions.
! Mr. WALBR.IDGE. I move to suspend the
! rules for the purpose of introducing them. All I
| ask is that they be received and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The yeas and nays were demanded, but not
ordered.
Thequestion was then put on Mr. Walbridgk's
motion, and the Chair announced that it was car-
ried in the negative. 0
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; pud Messrs. Clingman and Grey were
appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes not counted.
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
INCREASED COMPENSATION TO CLERKS.
Mi. ROBBiNS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back Senate
bill No. 122, with a substitute therefor; and i ask
the unanimous consent of the House to report it
at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
An act to amend the thud section of an act
making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1854, and for other purposes.
Mr. ROBB1NS. it is only necessary for me to
say at this time, that the object of the bill is to
increase the compensation of the clerks and other
persons employed in the Executive Departments
of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having ex-
plained the object of the bill, if there is no objec-
tion, it will be received from the committee.
