1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
025
Mr. GREY. Is not this the day for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Last Monday was
the day set apart for calling the States for resolu-
tions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the bill,
and I object to its introduction. I will ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbins]
what disposition he now proposes to make of the
bill ?
Mr. ROBBINS. My intention, is, if I am
allowed to make the report, to move to put the
bill upon its passage.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I objectto its intro-
duction at this time.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to introduce the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion. *
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will it be in order to
have the bill read ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr.*TAYLOR. Then I ask to have it read,
that we may know what we are called to vote
upon.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill,
but was arrested by
Mr. CLINGMAN, who said: I rise to a ques-
tion of order, Mr. Speaker. 1 believe that before
a matter is regularly before the House, the read-
ing of a paper is not a question of right, but one
of general consent, and if It be in niy power to
prevent its being read at this time, I will do so. I
objcct to the reading, and raise that question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken, and sustains it. The bill is
not before the House*, and the question is,l< Shall
it be received >" The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Robbins] has stated the character of
the bill, and objection being made to its reading,
the question must he decided by the House. Does
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] still
desire to have the bill read?
Mr. TAYLOR. I do, and I move that it be
"m'f. CLINGMAN. It will take a two-third
vote, i believe, to order the bill to-be read, because
the regular order of business is different from the
reading of this paper. For that reason it requires
a two-third vote. The rule in regard to such
matters has been so decided heretofore, upon my
own exception to a ruling of Speaker Cobb, in a
former Congress. There is a clause of the rule
which says that a majority may decide whether
a paper shall be read or not; and the House de-
cided,during the last Congress, by a voteof yeas
and nays, that thatclause meant only such papers
as were before the House, and that it required a
two-third vote to order a paper to be read which
was not before the House. If this bill had been
reported by the consent of the House, a majority
mi"ht order it to be read.
The SPEAKER. When a paper is before the
House, any member may have it read. The rule
says:
« When tll« reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House. "
This is a paper in connection with the legiti-
mate business of the House; and the Chair thinks
it comes properly within the competency of the
majority of the House to have it read.
Mr CLINGMAN. I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the Chair to a case similar to this, which
occurred during the Congress before the: last. I he
predecessor of the present Speaker [Mr. Cojb,
decided that a majorily had the right to have the
paner read. I took an appeal, and the House,
un'on the yea« and navs, reversed the decision of
the Chair, and decided that, upon a motion to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of introducing a
resolution, the majority could not order the reso-
lution to be read. The paper is not before the
House If it was, and a motion was made to
read it a second time, it would then be for a
majority to decide; but the case now before us
does not come under that rule. I can turn to the
precedent, if the Chair desires to see it.
The SPEAKER. The House is not consider-
ing whether they will pass the bill, it is true  
they were, any member would have the right to
demand that it should be read. But the question
is upon suspending the rule for the PulP°®eof
introducing the bill. The gentleman from Ohio
asks that it may be read. The Chair has decided i
that a single member of the body has nof the right j
to demand jts reading. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania stated the sub-
stance of the bill, which the Chair thinks suffi-
cient for the House to base its action upon in de-
termining whether it will receive it. If, however,
the majority, for reasons sufficient to itself, de-
termine that it shall^be read, the Chair thinks they
have the right to make the order. The Chair
does not recollect any precedent upon which to
base his action, but he thinks, under the rule,
they have the right.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest a case to
the Chair. Suppose the House were pursuing the
regular order of business, and I should ask that
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury should
be read, would the Chair hold that I would have
the right to interrupt the business of the House
for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. He would not. It could
only be done by a suspension of the rules. In
this case, however, the Chair thinks that the
House have thp right, in some form, to have the
bill for the introduction of which a motion to sus-
pend the rules has been made, read. He so de-
cides; and the question is, " Shall the bill and
substitute he read
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates oj America m Congress assembled,
That ol the clerks authorized by the third section ol' the
act approver! March third, eighteen hundred and fir'ty-threc,
entitled "An act making appropriations lor the civil and
diplomatic fxpense* of Government for iheyear ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen bundled and fifty four," tho^e.
of the fir-t class receive a salary ol twelve hundred
doll-trs per annum ; thooc of the mh-ouU ela-^, a salary of
fourteen hundred dollars per annum: those ol the third
class, a salary of sixteen bundled dollais per annum ; and
atl vacancies in anv<>f the classes?, named m eaitl act men-
tioned, shall he filled by promotion from the cI.i-js next be
low ; and all clerks not provided for in this act, performing
the same or similar duties with any one of the clashes, shall
receive the  dme compensation as is allowed to such cluss;
and the cl%rks employed in the Census Muieau shall be
paid, dunng the present fiscal year, the ?ainc as is hereby
allow ed to clei ks <- f the second class.
Sec. 2. And le it further enacted. That the stamp and
blank agent for the ¥t l Otfice Department receive the'
same salary as clerks of the second class, provided fc.r in
the ftr-it section of this act; and an addition of twenty per
cent, is heieby added fo the pay now authorized by law to
each of the mes-«nsers, packers, laborers, and watchmen
of the different Executive Departments of the Government
in Washington; (to the clerks employed at the navy-yard
and marine bai racks, at Was-hmgton ;) to the clerk, mes-
senger, and laborer in the office ot Commissioner of Public
Buildings, doorkeeper and assistant doorkeeper the Ex-
ecutive Man-ion ; public gardener, laborers employed in the
public grounds and President** garden; two additional
watchmen and the police at the (Jnpitol ; watchmen em-
plo)ed at the Pendent's house and reservation number
two, lamplighter, the genera] suprnntendent; the draw-
keepers of the bridges across the Eastern Branch and
Potomac ; and that the provisions of the second section of
the act of August thirty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two " making appiopriatmm- for the civil and diplomatic
expenses ot the Government for the vear ending the thir
tieih of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,5' &c.,be,
and is hereby, extended to «uch persons herein enumerated
who were in employment during that fiscal year, and were
excluded from the benefit ot said act by the decision of the
Comptroller ot the Trea^uty.
Sec. 3 And be it finiker enacted, That instead of the
salanes now allowed bv law to the Superintendent of the
Census and to the Assistant PoMmasteis General, they
shall each leceive the same salary that is paid to ihe Assist
ant Secu'-tary of the Treasury.
"Si-c 4. And he it tint her enacted, That the increased
compensation provided for m ilns act shall commence
from the first day of July, eighteen hundred and titty
The tellers reported'—ayes 40, noes 83; more*
than one fifth of those present,
So the yeas and nays were ordered..
Mr. DEAN. I desire, before voting, to under-
stand the question/ The question is whether w*
will receive the report, is it not?
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules, to enable the gen'leman from
Pennsylvania to'make the report from the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means.
Mr. CLINGMAN, And th<S gentleman from
Pennsylvania announces that his purpose is to
put the bill on its passage.
The question was then taken; and there were—■
yeas 107, nays 39; as follows:
^ YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe,
I David J. Bailey, Ball, Ranks, Barksdale, Belcher, Bennett,
issell, Bliss, Boyce, Bridges, Bngg, Carpenter,
from the fcrbt day ... -
three, and the neee^ary money to carry tins act into eth ct
heiehy appropriated out of any money in the lrea ury
not otherwise appropriated.
The following is the substitute proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means for the hill:
That the clerks of tlie first class, authorized by/liethird
section of the art approved March 3, 185:1, entitled An
act makum appropriations lor Ihe civil and diplomatic ex-
ociilcf ,'t the'Gov.-m.ncnt for tho y.ar er.dir.Brho 30th of
June 1854," instead of the compensation Iherem provided
for, shall receive a s-alary of $1,100 per annum.
Sec -2 Jind be U further ennded, That the increased
compensation provided for in this act shall commenc« ™
the 1st dav of Jul v, 1853, and fr.i the payment ofthesame
" ■ ly of j line, 1854, the necessary money is heie-
,'.a  «. nut nfanv monevsin the lieas-
to the 30th day 01 juuc, j ••• - .• — -
by appiopiicUed, to be paid out of any moneysin Hit
urv not otherwise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays hgve
been demanded on the motion that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Letchkr
and Deak were appointed.
, Benson, Bis: , ... . ,
j t'hfisinan, Clark, O'obb, Colquitt, Cook, Coiwln, Crocker,
i Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dean-,
Dent, Dut'bar, Eastman, Eddv, Edmands, Edmtindsnn,
John M. Elliott, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Etheridge,
Faulkner, Feuton, Fuller, Greenwood, Grey.Grow, Wiley
P. Harm, Harii«on, Henri,Hlbbard, Howe, HngVies, Hunt,
J. Glaney Jones, Kent, K*-rr, Kidweii, kurtz, Latham,
Lillv, I,!ii<Tfcv,Mcf)ou al],McNair.Mace.Maev,Maxwell,
Mayall, Middloswarth, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Mor-
ri-on, Nichols, Old4*, Mordeeai Oliver, Phelps, Powell,
Thomas Kite hey, Rabbins, Rogers, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
Shower,Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Snath, William R. Smith,
Georp'W. Smyth, Sunrtjrrass, Richard H- Stanton, Hestor
L. Steven?, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Hpham, Vansant, Wade,
Walbiidye, Waliev, Warren, Rlhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,and
Yates—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Ca^kie, Chastain.Clingman,Cox,Cui-
lom, Dtekinsnn, Drum. Edpwton. Giddirtfl^, Goode, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan. Ha^tinjrs, Haven, Hiesrer, Imjersoll,
Daniel T. Jones, Georan W. JotK s , Roland Jones, Kit-
ired«  , Knox. Letcher, MVMuUin, Murray, Parker, Peck,
ppckhanu Piatt, Pmyear, David Ruehie, Ruftin, Sage,
Pkelton, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, Tracy, Vail,
Wheeler, and ZolheofTer—39.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, then reported back bill of the follow-
ing title, with a substitute:
An act to amend the third section of an act
making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expends of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1854.
Mr. ROBBINS. I desire to have, this bill put
upon its passage; and as it contains an appropria-
tion, I move to suspend that rule which requires
bills making appropriations to be first considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. There are somepro-
visions in the bill which the House may desire to
amend. For instance, it not only makes an appro-
priation, but it makes an appropriation to execute
this bill as long as it stands on the statute-book.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order now to move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Wholeon
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order when the
motion to suspend this rule has been disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If we can defeat thi3 mo-
tion, the bill will go to the Committee of the
Wholeon the state of the Union, as a matter of
course. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 106, nays 40; as follows:
YBAS— Messrs. Aiken, James 0. Allen, A.cbe,"B 1l,
Rankss, Rarksdale, Belcher, Bennett, Ben r>n, BistfeH, iBliss,
Bo\oe< Bridges, Biitrs, Carpenter, Cbrtsman, Clark, Cobb,
Coimntt. Cook, C'orwin, Cioek^i, Cuitis, Cutting Thomas
Davjc, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Dnnbar, Easttnan, Eudy, t<a-
mands, Edimmdiron, Thomas D. fCIJot, J' hn M. Elliott,
Ellison, lithendge, Faulkner, Feuton, Fuller, Greenwood,
Grcv, Grow, Andre.w J. Harlan, Sampson W Harrw, Wi-
lev P. Hani!*, Harrison, Henn, Hfbbard, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt J. Gfaney Jones, K>itt, Ken, Ktdvvell, Kurtz La-
tham Lillv, Lmdfev, itfcDousran. McNair, Mace, Mucy,
Maurice, Maxwyll,Mayall, JohnG. Miller, Pnmh Miller,
Morn-son, N?cbol.«, Otds, Andrew Oliv<*r, Monieeitt Oliver,
Phfcln* Pnngle, Thomas Ilifehev, Rdibins, Rogers Sapp,
inward, f*J a«rinn, Shower, Gei rit Smtfh, Samuel A Smith,
Wilhato B- Smith, Snodgra*s,Richard H. Stanton, Hestor
L Stevens, Strattmi, Andrew Smart, David Stuart, John
L* Ta\lo , Thurston, Tweed. TJpham, Vansaat, Walbridge,
YValtev, Warren, EHtlm B. Wa^hburne, Nrael Washburn,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wiue,and 1 ates—
NAYR-Mo'ssr?. Ca^kie, Chaptain, Clinaman, Cox,
Drum, Ed*ertnn, Giddmgs, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan. Haat-
ines. Haven, Hiester, Insersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George
W Jones, Roland Jones, Kittredge, Knox, Letefeer, McMul-
