1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The committee then took up for consideration
the President's annual message, and the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] to refer the same.
The CHAIRMAN stated that upon that ques-
tion the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] was entitled to the floor.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. KEITT, having the floor, addressed the
committee. He denied that his friend [Mr. Smith]
from Alabama had yesterday represented the po-
litical feeling of his State. After a lengthy exor-
dium, Mr. K. said that he proposed to ask the
attention of the committee while he referred to
that part of the President's message which relates
to tonnage duties. He proposed to divide the
subject into two parts—first, its constitutionality;
secondly, its expediency.
After discussing; the question of the constitu-
tionality of tonnage duties, he proposed, under the
head of " expediency," to consider the four fol-
lowing propositions:
First, that tonnage duties in this connection will
secure economy in levying taxes;
Secondly, that they will secure economy in col-
lecting taxes;
Thirdly, the successful application of the fund;
and
Fourthly, that it would restore the Government
to its original republican simplicity.
On this last head he said that money, in a Repub-
lic, was the foundation of despotism; and that the
more the monetary resources of a Republic were
reduced the nearer would it be restored to its
original design and simplicity.
Up to the present time the idea had been, that
Government was the means, and men the end.
But we had incorporated into our Government the
idea that men were the end, and Government the
means. Yet by the course we were now pursu-
ing, we were reversing this idea. He called upon
the West, now treading, with giant steps, the
paths of greatness, to follow the lead of her dis-
tinguished Senator, to offer up her jealousies upon
the altar of constitutional liberty. He called on
the North, wallowing in wealth, to turn from the
flesh-pots of Egypt, and defend constitutional lib-
erty. He called upon the South to rally again
under the old Republican flag, and fight for its few
remaining shieds.
[Ilis speech, withheld for revision, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
/ Mr. HUGHES, of New York, next addressed
' the committee on the difficulties existing in the
Democratic party in the State of New York. It
would be idle for him to deny that in 1848, m the
State of New York, the Democratic party was
split in twain. There being two parties, two con-
ventions were called, at Rome: one assembled in
the Presbyterian and the other in the Baptist
church.
He related the action of these conventions, and
charged the "Hards" with seeking to institute a
coalition with the Free Soilers. He also detailed
the action of the two parties in the subsequent
election, and charged that in consequence of the
coalition proposed by the "Hards" the Soft par-
ty had lost the election of all their candidates save
one.
The split in New York was a mere split for
spoils, and he was surprised that his friends—the
Hards—should lend themselves to such "base
uses." Thus he had shown, not only the action,
but, as he thought, the motive of the partyHe
was for a union of the whole party, without
which, their enemies would prevail against them.
He had endeavored to give the history of the
Hards and Softs; he had endeavored also to show
that the Hards sought a coalition; and if there
was one doctrine of law more than another which
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,]
should adhere to, it was the doctrine 01 estoppel.
He thought that the gentleman was estopped
from saying a single word on this subject of co-
alitions. fie hoped that this subject might now
be dropped—that New York might be allowed to
settle her own difficulties in her own way. He
stood upon the Baltimore platform, and on that
platform he meant to stand, come what might.
[Vfr. Hughes's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the question before the committee,
nor am 1 disposed to detain it with any lengthy
remarks.
Mr. CUTTING. May 1 be permitted to ask
the gentleman whether he will yield me a few
minutes of his time for personal explanation?
. Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman to order.
He has been heard once, and I object to his taking
the floor when other gentlemen desire to get pos-
session of it.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
York was heard on the deficiency bill, but not on
the President's message; and if he obtains the
floor he will be entitled to speak on the.latter sub-
ject. The floor, however, has been assigned to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. The Chair un-
derstands that the gentleman has yielded it tem-
porarily to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. He cannot do it.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania yields the
floor at all he must do it unconditionally.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to
say a word by way of explanation. I understand
that a friend of mine from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] takes to heart what I said in regard
to his taking the floor so frequently. I meant no
disparagement to him. My remarks have been
intended in kindness throughout. I trust that no
gentleman will consider them to be otherwise.
Mr. GROW. 1 simply wish to state that I do
not yield to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cutting] to make a lengthy speech. I cannot
afford to give him more than ten minutes of my
time.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair whether
a gentleman can obtain the floor and then transfer
it to another to make a speech?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES. Then I insist on the enforcement
of the rules.
Mr. CUTTING. One word. There is no mem-
ber of this committee who is less anxious than I
am to obtrude myself upon the time or the atten-
tion of its members; but it cannot, I think, have
failed to strike gentlemen that there has been this
morning a prepared and designed personal attack
upon myself, with a view to affecting and impair-
ing the influence of my accidentally becoming the
champion of the Democratic party of the State of
New York, by imputing to me the same errors
and the same political offenses that I had been in-
veighing against the day before.
Sir, I desire, inasmuch asthese words fell warmly
on the ears—atonce—in the moment—on the spot—
at the time—to give those explanations, which are
personal to myself, with a view to see whether
i the charges which have been made were candid—
were frank; and whether, when they charge me,
as a member of two conventions, with any sins—
if sins were committed by either of these bodies—
it would not have been more frank to have stated
what were the courses wjpch I personally adopted
! in relation to each and every of these measures,
i instead of charging upon me that which was done
1 by the body.
| Is the Speaker of this House, is the chairman
i of this committee, is every member of this body
! to be mads responsible for every act of the body,
] even though he votes for or against the particular
! measure > And what do you think of the Pin-
! cerity of him who, in a political controversy, or
j contest, wishes to charge on the Presiding Officer
; of this House or of this committee, or on any
I member of this committee, the sins of legislation
, which had been committed—if you please—by the
! majority against his wishes.
i Now, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
! [Mr. Grow] chooses to yield me the floor, I will
i proceed first with an explanation personal to
; myself*, and when I have got through with that
,1 which is peisonal to me, if the gentleman then de-
ji sires to resume his place on the floor, I shall
i i cheerfully yield to him with much pleasure, and
j; with much obligation for the favor conferred. But
j I will not promise to do it in any time less than
!< is necessary for the purpose of putting myself
i1 right. I mean either to do that, or else leave the
][ committee to judge between the gentleman and
il myself. When I have done that, and resumed
!: the floor, I shall ask the favor of this committee
ji to address it again; because the observations
II which came from me a day or two since were
!j made in answer to a question put to me^by^the
|: gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] who had
the floor. I came before the committee then as
merely responding to that inquiry, and not to.
make a set speech for the purpose of reviewing
this quarrel.
Now, understanding that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] is indulgent enough to
say that I may—as respects, at all events, that
which is personal-—explain, I will proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to un-
derstand if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
yields the floor to the gentleman from New York ?
Mr. GROW. I have no objection to yield the
floor to the gentleman from New York for the
purpose he has specified.
The CHAIRMAN. Do I understand this,that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania actually yields \
the floor? The Chair was subject to embarrass- \
ment yesterday and the day before in consequence \j
of members yielding in this way, as I understood w
the facts in a different sense to those members. I
understood, when the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cutting] made his speech yesterday, that he
was occupying the time on his own account. And
now, f understand the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to have resigned the floor without condition
to thegentleman from New York.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to yield the
floor absolutely. What I nave to say I wish to
say to-day. But if the gentleman [Mr. Cutting]
will allow me to say what I wish, he can then
make his remarks, it will not take me more than
ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. CUTTING. I should be very sorry to
press the matter further. A favor extended grace-
fully is one which I always respond to willingly;
but if it is to be thus extended with restrictions, I
prefer to remain for the present under the embar-
rassments which, perhaps,until I have an oppor-
tunity to reply, may and ought to rest on me. I
accept nothing which comes reluctantly.
Mr. GROW. It does not come reluctantly. I
propose to the gentleman from New York to give
him a certain length of time to make any personal
explanations he may think proper. But he has
given notice to this committee that he shall seek
the floor on some other occasion; and why should
he intrude on every man's lime? I made what I
considered to be a liberal offer. I was willing to
allow the gentleman to make any personal expla-
nation. I had no objection to his doing so. But I
cannot permit him to go on making a speech on
this controversy in the mean time, which would
throw me over till to-morrow, when I have no
desire to speak. If I speak at all, I desire to
speak to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania declines to yield the floor to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. GROW. I would be very happy, Mr.
Chairman, to accommodate the gentleman; but as
my attempt to be accommodating was not appre-
ciated and accepted, I must therefore take my
time.
i do not propose to discuss the subject before
this committee, nor to make a political speech; nor
would I make any remarks now, but for a reflec-
tion which was cast upon the Commonwealth of
! Pennsylvania, and upon her officers, in the Senate
of the United States yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would inform the gentleman that it is not in order
to refer, in his remarks, to any matter pending
before the Senate.
Mr. GROW. Then I do not propose to refer
to a matter pending before the Senate, but will
confine myself to a statement of facts, and to vin-
dicate history. It has not been thought proper
by the delegation from Pennsylvania here to notice
the newspaper remarks and charges which have
been made against the Executive and the Com-
' monwealth of Pennsylvania on this subject, be-
1 cause it is one with which the General Govern-
. ment has nothing to do, and over which she has
!'> no control. I read these remarks 
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I rise to a question of
order. , . ^
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will suspend until the question of order
is decided. .
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the Chair if it is proper
in debate in the House of Representatives in Com-
mittee of tne Whole, to refer to a debate which has
been had in the Senate, and to read a part of that
debate in a gentleman s speech?
