1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9m
sylvania [Mr. Robbins] addressed the Chair, he
is entitled to the floor by courtesy.
Mr. ROBBINS. I wish to know if the previ-
ous question is exhausted?
Xhe SPEAKER. It is exhausted.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then, sir, I deinandthe pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman has not got the
floor to submit that motion.
' Mr. ROBBINS. Can that motion be made
while I have the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the floor on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had made a motion which he could not
debate, and was not, therefore, entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Tennessee is entitled to the floor,
on his motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire if
the gentleman from Tennessee voted in the affirm-
ative?
Mr. CLTNGMAN. There was no division.
Mr. TAYLOR. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee say that he voted in the affirmative ?
The SPEAKER. As there was no division,
any gentleman is entitled, according to the lules
and practice of the House, to move to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not my in-
tention to attempt to throw any obstacles in the
way of the passage of this bill. I see that a ma-
jority of more than two to one is determined to
pass it. But, sir, my object in making the motion
to reconsider, is merely to state one objection to
the bill which I am confident that a majority of
the House would have remedied, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbins] had permuted
me to point it out. I ask that the last clause of
the bill may be read.
The fourth section was then read, as follows:
Be it further enacted, That the increase of compensa-
tion provided for in this act shall commence from the 1st
day of July, 18,">3; and tlie necessary money toc.irry this act
into effect is hereby appropriated out ot any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] to
have the last section of the substitute read.
Mr. JONES. The substitute has been voted
down.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee if the substitute to the bill does
not contain the same provision ?
Mr. JONES. I think not. This bill provides
for an increase of the salaries of the clerks em-
ployed by the Government in this city, of the
first, second, and third classes, and who constitute
nearly the entire force employed in the Executive
Departments. Should it pass with that clause in
it, a permanent and indefinite appropriation of
money will thereby be made to pay the salaries
of the clerks provided m this bill, so long as the
act shall stand upon the statute-book. The Ex-
ecutive officers, the next year, when they come
to submit estimates, will not present any as a
basis of appropriation for the current year to pay
these clerks, but they will take the money out of
the Treasury under this appropriation for thenext
year, and from year to year, for a hundred or
thousand years, should the law remain upon the
statute-book that long. The bill provides for a
permanent and indefinite appropriation; and it re-
moves, in my opinion, all checks andguardsupon
the Executive officers touching the payment of
these salaries. So important were the appropria-
tions thought to be for a limited period, that the
Constitution provides that 110 appropriation for
the suppoit and sustenance of the Army of the
country shall be for more than two years. But
here, by this proposition, you make an appropria-
tion for the increase of these salaries for an indefi-
nite period of time, unless there shall he future
legislation altering or changing its provisions.
The provision which I-wished to incorporate
into the bill, before the previous question was
sustained, was, that nothing in this act should
be construed as appropriating money for a longer
period than the current fiscal year, and reqiyring
the salaries of these clerks to be estimated for and
submitted to Congress at each session, as the sal-
aries of the President, heads of Departments, and
members of this House are estimated for and sub-
mitted at each session. I suppose the matter has
gone so far now that, perhaps, the House will not
reconsider the step they have taken; but if they
will allow me to propose the amendment I have
indicated, I shall not attempt to interfere with any
other portion of the bill. I ask for the previous
question upon the reconsideration.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question for one moment. I promise to
renew it.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I desire to say only a word
or two to the House in regard to this bill. It may
be unpleasant to gentlemen who have made up
their mind to vote for it to hear any remarks; but
j I do not think that the bill in all its features is
I thoroughly understood. I promise not to be te~
] dious, us i desire only to make a few suggestions.
The proposition now under consideration is a very
important one, as it increases, by several hundred
thousand dollars, the annual expenses of the Gov-
ernment; and 1 think that we may be likely to
hurry it through without due examination, and
without giving members an opportunity for that
discussion andconsideration which all bills making
appropriations of money ought to receive. ltisa
bill which appropriates a large sum of money; but
the principal effect is more objectionable than the
waste of money even. We have lately got into
great difficulty in regard to the subject of the
appointment of cleiks. It is well known that there
is an immense rush here for offices. Every man
here is pressed from time to time with applications
from their constituents to get them situations in
the different offices of the Government.
I believe that the action of Congress during the
last session has contributed very much to produce
this evil of which I speak. Everybody admits
that the fact of there being so much office-seeking
under the Government is a very serious vice.
There is a very great desire to get into public
offices, and there is a constantly increasing num-
ber of men who are seeking for them. The re-
sult is, that whenever we have a State or a presi-
dential election there is an immense excitement in
the country; nnd Congress ought not to legislate
in any way that will tend to increase this mischief.
A t the last session of Congress there was a prop-
osition brought m to increase the salaries of the
clerks. The eight-hundred-dollar clerks were
raised up to a salary of one thousand dollars, and
all classes of these employees were moved forward
to a higher rate of compensation.
Daring the discussion upon that occasion I re-
member very well that an eloquent friend of mine
[Mr. Gentry, of Tennessee] made a handsome
plea m favor of the increase. He told us of a
young man |n the practice of law in his own State
who came here and obtained a thousand-dollar
clerkship. He brought his wife and family here,
and he found that he could not conveniently sus-
tain himself upon his salary. He presented the
case very feelingly and ably, and the consequence
was tnat the House went forward, and passed a
bill for the increased compensation. The present
bill raises the salaries of the lower class of cletks
to $1,200 per annum; the second class to $1,400,
and so on. It also gives back pay additional to
the cleiks that have already been in office, &c. It
thus appears that there is a greater demand for an
increased salary than before. Let us see how that is
broughtahout. Here, for instance, is a young man
practicing law in Tennessee. He is informed that
men obtain at Washington what he regards as a
high salary. He makes an application through
his friends, obtains an appointment to an office m
one of the Departments, and comes on here and
enters upon the performance of Us duties. He
finds that his expenses are considerable; holds
office for a few years,and then probably leaves it,
or is turned out under an incoming Administra-
tion. In nineteen out of twenty such cases the
individual goes home insolvent, or nearly so—a
great many of them, perhaps, having contracted
bad habits from their associations in Washington.
Now, if the public service required this, I would
vote the money, and let the men be sacrificed Just
as men are sacrificed m battle, or die by disease
contracted upon the frontiers* But if the pub-
lic service does not demand it, there is no just
principle which requires that we should give it.
The rule which an individual adopts for his gov*
ernment in like cases, is to give that sum which
will secure a competent man to perform the dutiesr
which he, desires. I know of no other principle
which the Government should adopt for the guid-
ance of its action.
If y(y| want a mere copying clerk, any man
who can keep a country'school in your district or
mine, or who would be employed as a merchant's
clerk to keep books, is competent for that purpose.
Such individuals are glad to get three or four hun-
dred dollars a year in the country; and we have
such individuals constantly coming to us to obtain
employmentin directing speechesand documents,
or to seek places as messengers in the Depart-
ments, at that rate of pay. 1 lemember a case
which will, perhaps, illustrate the principle. I
will state it. At the beginning of this session a
lady came to me with a letter of introduction, who
stated to me that she had a husband, who was a
messenger in one of the Departments, and got
thirty dollars per month; that his health was very
bad, and that he was barely able to discharge his
duties. He was not able to attend to any other
sort of business when not performing office duty,
and he had half a dozen children. She was very
anxious to get one of her sons in here as a page
in the House. I called upon the Doorkeeper of
the House, who is a very polite and obliging
man, and asked him to give this boy a place. He
informed me that he could not, because several
members of Congress had brought on young boys
from the distant States for the purpose of getting
these situations for them. The conclusion I came
to was, that the pages are paid so well as to make
it worth while to bring on these boys from the
distant parts of the Union to get these appoint-
ments. Our pages receive two dollars a day,
regular compensation. During the Inst session of
Congress, by a two-third vote, but against mine,
the House agreed to give the pages a sum in ad-
dition as an extra allowance, amounting to con-
siderable more than their salary for the session,
making their pay as much as four or five dollars
a day; and the result is, as I stated, that boys are
brought on from the remote States and secure
places, while those in the city who need the pay as
much are excluded. This is an abuse which I have
constantly opposed, but unsuccessfully heretofore.
In fact, at each session I am in a minority of less
than one third, generous members giving away
the public money to their favorites here.
I want to call the attention of the House to
another fact. There are persons in the city who
are glad to be employed as copying clerks at a
dollar a day. But when you raise the salary of
copying clerks to $1,000 a year, you throw these
persons out of employment. And how? Why, as
soon as the salaries are raised, and the fact becomes
known abroad, young politicians from North Car-
olina, from Tennessee, and from the remote States,
will come here and apply for the places. They
are young men out of business, or, perhaps, a
little above their business, and having political
influence, they secure the situations; and those
here in the city aredisplaced. This is the way the
system works; while you take more and more
from your Treasury, you get no better officers, but,
in fact, worse ones.
Suppose you were to pay the workmen employed
upon the wings of your Capitol ten dollars a day;
the consequence would be that men would come on
here from every quarter of the Union and apply
for situations. Political influence would be brought
into requisition, and the Superintendent would
probably finally be obliged to distribute his work-
men among the different States, as the cadets and
midshipmen are now distributed. A.a it is now,
the ordinary price is paid, and proper workmen
are obtained, without any noise being made abroad
in reference to it.
I know we are called upon to be liberal to these
clerks, and I should be very glad to be so; I have
friends from my section of country among them.
But it is not our own money that we are voting
away. We only act as the trustees of thepeoplej
and I am not going to vote to raise the compensa-
tion of these clerks still higher when hundreds of
