1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
' Some of the leading owners and agents of private
armories in the vicinity of Springfield also testify
that, in their opinion, it is better for the Govern-
ment and the men employed at the armory there,
that the present superintendent should remain,
than to have any change. It is due to the House
that these facts should be stated and reported.
It is said, too, that the military system discour-
ages enterprise, paralyzes inventive genius, ts
an insult to the mechanics of the country, and
weakens their attachment to our republican m-
. stitutions. Sir, the mechanics of thi« country
are above the need of any eulogium from me—
their reputation for SKill is world-wide; and if I
believed the charge to be true, I should be found
among the foremost in iny efforts to nut an end to
a system which produces such results. Not be-
lieving the charge to be true, the obvious answer to
it is, that while our mechanics, a* a body, are su-
perior to those of any other country m intelligence,
skill, and mental power, and while the instances
aie numerous «f those who have made the most
brilliant discoveries, and signalized themselves
by the highest scientific and literary attainments,
and b*>en conscious that no circumstances could
control or dimmish the power of the " Divinity
that stirs within them*5—while we are proud, as
American citizens, of the honor they have earned
for us as a nation, and whiie they are arqmnng
wealth and power by the force of their own tal-
ents, they need not the feeble aid which we can
render them in placing them in responsible posi-
tions—they need not our praise to make them
conscious of their own deserts. They are entitled
to receive, and will ever receive from every intel-
ligent man, the respect due to them for their men-
tal and moral qualities, and for their manly vir-
tues; and wdl ever look above all distinctions of
class or caste, and render to every man according
to his desert, and cordially adopt the noble senti-
ment of the poet:
''Honor mi<l shaim* from no condition riv ;
Act well y«>iir part, there all tiin honor lies."
Mr. i-MCCKH AM. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. !
Dickinson,] also to the amendment of the gentle- |
man fiom Kentucky, [Mr, Stanton.] The Presi- j
dent already lias authority over this whole sub- j
ject. I do riot know that I shodld feel called upon !
to defend the Administration under ordinary cir- j
cumstances, but here are attacks by some of its j
assumed friends, and I do not see how I can avoid i
coming in to its defense. [Laughter ] My hon- ;
oruble frtend from Massachusetts, (Mr. Banks,] 1
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulk- i
NRu,] indirectly assail the President hy assailing J
his policy. They chaige th;it men are removed
from these armories, while under military super- I
intendence, without any reasons being assigned
for the removal
Mr. FAULKNER. I cill the gentleman to
order, because I cannot reply to the remarks he
makes.
Mr. PEOKHAM. The gentleman has had his !
hour, and he can have the opportunity of reply- j
ing in a five-minute speech; and that is all the i
time I have, interruptions included.
Mr. FAULKNER, Very well; I will with-
draw my question of order.
Mr. PRCKHAM. Gentlemen complain, I ob-
served, that men nre dismissed from these ar-
mories, arid no reason assigned. This is an in-
sidious attack on the Administration—covert, but i
still unmistakable—an attack upon its pi ivate cher- '
ished policy. >
Ever since the Bronson and Guthrie correspond- j
ence, the policy of the Administration has fondly ;
changed. [Laughter ] 1 believe no reasons have ,
ever been offered to the public for any \ emoval of f |
any civil officer in this civil Government since that ;
correspondence; and I submit to the gentleman ij
whether it is becoming to make this assault upon l|
the Administration by condemning its nolicyofi;
making removals, not only without, but against j,
reasons, under a seeming opposition to such re-j;
movals by military .superintendents ? [Laughter.] !|
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 rise to a question of I.
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is in order. ;■
Mr PIICKHAM. I must further defend the ij
Administration. [ do not hke to be interrupted. !:
because f lose too much of the little time'I have 'J
left. I wdl be as delicate in my defense of the H
Administration as possible, and I shall not touch
Virginia.
But, sir, when this Administration has been
diligently engaged since the Bronson and Guthrie
correspondence in making removals of officers
without giving any reason; when it removed from
the custom-house m IN ew York a clerk who had
been to the late"Haid" State convention from
Rockland county, within two days after his return
from that convention, where he had been engaged,
as is said, in indorsing theNebraska bill—butgave
no reasons for the removal—was it manly in these
gentlemen thus adroitly to attack this Administra-
tion, its declared and habmud policy, by assail-
ing what they alleged was the same policy m these
military superintendents? i am soiry to see u.
1 shall pursue the subject no further, because I
see it excites some sensitive feelings among those
who occupy a doubtful position ns to the Admin-
istration. [Laughter.] Str, the amendment pro-
posed here by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dickinson'] is unnecessary—entuely unne-
cessary—because, by the act of 1853, authority
is vested in the Piesident of the United States,
" if, in his opinion, the public interests demand it,
to place over any of the armories a superintendent,
who does not belong to the Army;" and he is au-
thorized to have evidence taken on that subject,
to appoint a commission, and to have them report
to him " which of the two systems is the most
economical, efficient, end safe for the management
of the public armories."
Now 1 put it to th« ge gentlemen here claiming
to he friends of the Administration, whether the
President of the United States, having this full
power vested in him to change the system if this
public interests require it, and having this oppor-
tunity of getting all the facts in the matter, whether
I he ou*?ht, by anamendment attached to thefootof
: this bill, thus summarily to be deprived of a power
1 which a prior Congirss deemed him competent to
j exeicise? The last Congress had faith m him to
| this extent. Have these gentlemen lost all confi-
J deuce in our President'' Sir, is it proper for us
j here, without an opportunity of examination, with-
out an opportunity of going over tins evidence,
! without an opportunity of knowing the facts,
which he may know well and fully consider, to
asume to say that he is not competent, not able,
: or not honest enough, to decide this question en-
j trusted to his decision by the last Congress? I
i submit in good faith to those gentlemen who are
j heresitting around me,to the gentlemen from Mary-
i land, Massachusetts, and Virginia, is it becoming
in us, who are the supporters of the amendment;
[laughter,] is it becoming in us thus indirectly to
attack it, and attack it, too, in perhaps its most as-
sailable point? I put it to my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Fvxjlkkkr,] the gentleman occupying, I be-
lieve, the position of chairman of the Committee on
Military A flairs; but if not chairman, I am sure
he would adorn the place. I put it to him, know-
ing, as he docs, that this authority is vested m the
hands of the President of the United States, and
properly vested there by law, whether it is proper
for us, under these circumstances, to express our
direct want of confidence in him, by taking this
power from his hands ? whether it is right for us
to assume to act on a suhject which bylaw belongs
properly and exclusively to him? Is it respectful?
The President is a man of " good intentions," it
has been said, and \ cannot find it in my heart to
rebuke him by taking from him anauthority which
the last Congress believed him competent to exer-
cise. And now I give these gentlemen notice dis-
tinctly, that if, in this effort to defend the Admin-
istration, 1 should fad, I shall deem it hut poor
encouragement hereafter to make any like attempt.
[Laughter.]
There are mnny things on this subject which I
strongly desire to say, but I am so fearful of get-
ting out of order—the traces of order are so gall-
insjly close upon me—that I am extremely tram-
meled m my eiTorts to repel these most unkind
assaults upon the President.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Dickinson's
amendment to the amendment: and it was disa-
greed to.
M r, FLORENCE. [ move to amend the amend-
ment hy striking out the word " a55 before the
words 14 competent and well qualified," and to add
the letter "s" to the word "civilian" and the
word " superintendent," so that the amendment
will read, " competent and well qualified civilians
as superintendents at each of said armories."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment
to the amendment, and the purport and object of
it wdl t>e evident at a glance to the committee. I
am desirous of proceeding m order, so as to have,
without interruption, the full advantage of the
limited time left for this debate. And I declare
here, that I am in favor of the amendment,.either
as i have offered to amend it, or as it has been
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton.] So i care very little whether my
amendment prevail, or whether that of the gentle-
man from Kentucky be adopted as it stands.
And i suppose I am notour of order by refernng
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky. I lepeat, 1 desire to proceed m order
as 1 feel a deep interest in the subject under
consideration, and ardently desire the amendment
abolishing military superintendence of the na-
tional armories may prevail.
[ am exceedingly sorry to see so much sensi-
tiveness in this committee upon points of order.
I have struggled hard to obtain the floor to say a
word or two, because 1 conceived 4t to be my
duty to do so, in defense of the skill and genius
of American mechanics. It is a glorious theme.
Personally, I care little whether mete military
men are selected to superintend the national ar-
mories, or any other public work; but in the per-
formance of a public duty, 1 prefer that, so far as
I can influence it by my vote, ihat those who are
infinitely better capacitated by habit and associa-
tion for such positions, should be selected. Iam
in favor of civil superintendence, and the employ-
ment of mechanics in the supervision of the na-
tional ai mories, and all other public works; thei e-
fore I am opposed to a military superintendence.
I am especially opposed to a military superin-
tendence over the national armories, because evi-
dence has been adduced, satisfactory to my mind,
that they ought not to lie under such control; and
I tell this committee and the country, that, what-
ever the decision of this House may be at this
time, if it does not change this system now, that
decision will be reversed at some future time The
spirit of the American masses once aroused upon
this subject, all opposition to it will be speedily
overwhelmed. 1 know intimately the spirit of in-
dependence which animates the heart of the work-
ing men, the real wealth of our country, and the
true sovereigns of our Confederacy.
Mr. WALSH. Fourth of July !
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 hope the gentleman will
permit me to goon in my own natural way, with-
out interruption, whether it is "Fourth of July" '
or not. [A laugh.] One thing is certain, I think.
It is, that this committee is quite prepared to de-
clare its independence, and abolish military super-
vision of the national armories, and, indeed, over
all other public works, I trust, ere long. It wilt,
let me say in all candor, be an act worthy of this
Congress, and of the day and age in which we
live. It is a libel upon the world-wide character
for skill, genius, and perfection in the mechanic
arts of American mechanics throughout our wide
national domain, to say, that, after having attained
honor and distinction in the race with other na-
tions of the world, that we have not confidence
enough m our own artizans to entrust them with
positions of responsibility and public trust. For
one'^diKclaim any such unjust conclusion, and I
believe this committee n^ree with me.
I trust I arn right in thisopinion, and I earnestly
solicit the attention of every gentlemen here while
I occupy the flom. I feel what I speak. The Bible
says, "out of the abundance of the heart the
mouth speaketh;" and I intend to occupy just as
mnny five minutes as lean get, in oider'to ex-
press my sentiments fully and freely upon this
question. I say, then, that the existence of mili-
tary superintendence in these armories has pro-
duced oppression and outrage. ["Hear!" '-Heat!"]
It lias reduced the wages of men afier they have
earned them, and justly earned them, too. It has
caused the dismissal of mechanics and workmen
because they dared to exercise the rights and the
independence of fieemen. These things f con
prove, from the evidence which was taken before
the committee of investigation; and I say, &ir, I
would be false to my duty, false to my mission
here, and false to myself, jf I did not rise upon
this floor and declaim as loudly and strongly as (
can against this system.
