928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
ray constituents work quite as hard at home, and
do not receive more than fifty or seventy-five cents
a day for it. Suppose, Mr. Speaker, I should
say to you, I am directed by one of my constitu-
ents to get some work done for him; I am his agent
merely, or trustee; 1 can get it done for $100, but
there is a good clever fellow who wants me to give
him £200 as a favor to do it; and I should tell you,
further, my constituent is a poor man but an hon-
est one, and a hard worker, with a laige family
that he is trying to educate, and he finds it veiy
difficult to get along and maintain them. You
would at once tell me tha), as an honest man, I had
wo right to give away $100 of his money merely to
gratify one of my favorites; that I would act fraud'
uientas a trustee, if I were to spend his money thus.
Suppose, sir, 1 should go to one of my constituents,
who was plowing m his field, and say to him, Why
do you not hire hands at seventy-five cents or a dol-
lar per day, to help you tend more land and make
a bigger crop ? lie will tell me, " 1 cannot afford to
give anybody seventy five cents per day. 1 cannot
give fifty cents per day in cash to hire a hand. I
am not. perhaps, clearing that amount myself." If
1 should say to him," Now, my friend, you are
taxed on your plow, on your salt, your sugar, the
woolen goods you wear, or the blanke's you buy
to protect your family from the inclemency of the
season. Are you willing to pay an additional tax;
you who are making from fifty cents to seventy-
five rents per day? Aie you willing- to pay an
additional tax to enable some others to get moie
than four or five dollais per day, who are not
working n^ar as hard as yon do He will tell
tell me instantly, " No!" Have I the right to
take that man \s money who pays it for public pur-
poses, for necessary expenses, and appropriate it
to an uncalled for increase of salary, merely to
gratify my favorites ? The moment I go beyond
the line of what is just and pioper; the moment i
determine to give a man mote than his work is
worth—for the value of eveiy man is regulated by
the demand for hts services—I cannot say that 1
do what my duty calU for !f I employ a man
to do rnv private woik, and I pay him more than
he gets from anybody else, I pay him well. The
fact that yon can get men to come forward and
seek these offices, if you vvei e to put them down to
$500 or fth(H), is evident that they are doing better
here, in their own opinion, than anywhere else.
The only nile for Congress to adopt is the one
which i have laid down, anil that is, to pay what
is necessary to obtain competent men. 1 admit,
for higher officers, your Ooinmi^wioner of Pensions
and others, who are required to understand the
laws of the country, and ought to have judicial
minds, you ought, to pay more. The rule we have
to adopt is to pay what will secure the necessary
v/ofk. !>o as any honest trustee would do with
a trust fund. Where lie has to spend any money
for his trustors, he will spend only as mu'-h as
will get the work done. If yon,Mr. Speaker,and
1 were employed to have a house built foi a man,
we would not think it right to pay twice as much
as we could get the work well done for merely
to gratify those in our employ.
And I will beg, Mr. speaker, that gentlemen
will bear one thinjj in mind. There has not been
a smyle instance, during my time in Congress,
wheiethe emoluments of an office have been ie-
duced. 1 do not speak of petty post offices. We
reduced the salanes there, indiictly, by reducing
the rates of postage. Youwill find that \v henever
you move a man forwaid—I do not caie what
office lie filta—the result is that he stands where
lie is advanced. This matter of salanes is an
advancing tide; it never recedes.
Again: You cannot .satisfy the wants of these
gentlemen. Suppose you raise the clerkships up
to $8,000 per year, the amount now given'cabinet
officers Well, the result will he that men who have
been Governors m their own States, or Senators of
the United States, understanding that they can
get *>«,00U per year, will come here, and such men
will (ill the cletksships. They will crowd out tho.se
individuals who would be glad to do the woik at
lower rates; and after they have held those ojfices
ten years, they will petition, if they think that
we will hsren to their petitions. They will tell us
that hou^eient is high; that they are bound to en-
teitam their friends when they come here; that
it costs a great deal to keep up carriages, and rent
pews m fashionable churches, and that they must 1
have an increase to $10,000 per year. |
There is not a man in the country who is making
money as fast as he wants to, and there is not a
man^holdmg office who gets as much as he would
like to get; and if you will ask him whether he
ought to have an advance, he will answer, " Yes,
1 can turn this money to a good account."
Gentlemen talk to me about liberality. I can
very well understand the liberality of the man
who puts ms hand into his own pocket, and pays
out his own money. 1 do not call it liberality to
misuse the money of other people, and give it
away to favorites. This money is raised by tax-
ation. It is taken from an unwilling, reluctant
community. They are willing to pay as much as
we need, and nothing more. And I do not feel
that i can, with any sort of propuety, insist on
taxing my constituents, the majority of whom
cannot make one dollar per day, to enable others
to get a much larger sum, when we can secure the
service for less.
I want to present these considerations to the
House. 1 intend, at some time during this ses-
sion, if I get the opportunity on one of the appro-
priation bills, to say something about the char-
acter of the public expenditures of the country.
They vastly exceed those of any other country in
the world. You may go to London, Paris, or
any where else, and you will not find the public
expenditures there like the amount paid for the
same service here. I know that the rate of wages
is higher in the United States, but it is no reason
why we should pay ten times as much for the same
service as others do, when we can get it for the
half only.
This is a thankless duty which I am discharging,
sir. We are suriounded by a constant pressuie.
It is a very popular thing to be generous, and vote
the people's money out of the Treasuiy. If that
money came into the Treasury just as the water
comes into the Potomac, 1 should be glad to hand
it about to everybody around us; but when I re-
member that it comes there by taxation upon the
people, [ do not feel at libei ty to vote it away
unnecessarily.
Sir, this Government of the United States is
rapidly becoming; the most extravagant in the
world; in fact, it is the most extravagant for its
service, and it will soon become the most piofli-
gate and wasteful, for it is the natuie of all "vices,
glowing out of expenditures to increase rapidly.
Everybody known that the decay of the Roman
Kepublie atose fi om the fact, that in its latter days
the public men gave away the money, lands, and
other public propel ty for votes to make themselves
popular, and to be elected consuls and pro-consuls;
but they were in th#  habit of giving it to the sol-
diers, and there was, theiefore, some excuse foi
it; they said these men had defended the country.
We, however, aie making ourselves popular by :
voting money and lauds to men engaged in the 1
civil seivjce, or who have performed no servicc at j
all. The result is that things are moving on at !
railroad speed. We are constantly increasing our 1
expenditures with less service, it is a notorious
fact that we do not get better service now, in the
Departments?, than we got twenty or thirty years
ago when we did not spend one half as much. 1
beg gentlemen to look at this matter. If you will
put down these expenses to the lowest rate that
will pay and secure competent men, that is all
they have a right to expect you to do. When
you have done that, you will not have this great
pres.iuie for office; you will not have the whole
country seeking office and this perpetual struggle
in politics. You will get the work well done, and
remember too, that by tempting these men to quit
their usual business and come on here to seek
office, you do them a great deal more mischief
than good.
1 have made these remarks, Mr. Speaker,
merely to intimate the grounds of my opposition
to this bill. 1 should like to giatity these clerks,
and pages, and others, by voting them money;
but I do not feel that I can do it with justice to
my constituents. I would much rather avoid
making this opposition. I would much rather
that some other gentleman should corne out and 1
present the points of objection to these measures.
I thmk this bill oujdit to be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
be discussed there, as all money bills should be
discussed. If us principles will stand discussion,
then let it pass, and I will acquiesce in it. I do
not believe they will stand discussion. I do not j
believe there is a congressional district in the
Union where these expenditures, which we are
making all from good feeling, and to gratify per-
sons around us, would be justified by the people;
because it can be shown that you do not benefit
the donees at all, taking them as a class; you may
benefit an individual here and there, but you do
more mischief than good to them as a class. I
hope this matter will be well understood by the
people, and thate ach gentleman who votes for the
bill may have to justify his vote before the people.
If so, i do not tlnnk the next Congress will press
through such a bill as this without discussion, an<l
under the gag of the previous question, as they
are determined to do this, if they can. I consider
myself fortunate in getting this opportunity to
put in a few words; and I promise that this shall
not be the last that gentlemen are to hear from me
on this question; for I mean that the country shall
understand it fully.
I now, in accordance with my agreement with
the gentleman from Tennessee, demand the pre-
vious question. I hope that the motion to recon-
sider will prevail, and that the bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, there to be considered upon its merits.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move to lay the motion to
reQonsider upon the table.
Mr. BRIDGES. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. Before the question is taken,
I desire that the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth
lines of the first section of the bill may be read.
I think they contain a principle which has not
been noticed by the House.
The SPEAKER. That portion of the bill will
be read, unless objected to.
No objection being made, the Clerk read the
passage indicated, as follows:
"A salary of £I,GOO per annum: and all vacancies ill
any of the cla^c«< named in said act mentioned shall be
filled by promotion from the cla^s next below."
Mr. ENGLISH. The effect of that provision
is to exclude all those not already in the Depart-
ments.
Mr. COBO. Read the rest of the clause.
The Clerk read as follows:
u And all c!< ik=? not provided for in this act, performing
tlit; ^.tine or Miinlar dunes* with any out; of the cla^&ci,
shall rccfive the satnc compensation ad is allowed sueli
classes..''
A Member. That is bad too.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Is the question now upon
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee? [Mr.
Jones. }
The SPEAKER. The question pemfing is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Robijins] to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken upon the motion;
and, on a division, there were—ayes 44, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
TheSPEAKER. The question nowrecurs upon
the motion to fay upon the table the motion to re-
consider, upon which the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken;and there were— 
yeas 69, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-r<=. Aiken, Appleton, Dal). "Raikslalo, Ben-
nett, Berwui, Rh-=^, Bud^c-, C:npenf"i, Clnwman, Cobb,
Cook, Corwin, (.'locker, Thorna^ Davis, Dawson, Dunbar,
Eastman, Eddv, Thomas 1). Eliot, John M. Elliott. Ether-
net', Failey, Faulkner, Gieenvvood, Audiew J. Hat Ian,
Wiley 1' IlaiMs, flai II( imv Howe, T1 n^he-i. riunt, J.
Olaney .Tone-, Ken. Kurtz. Latham. Licdlev. Macdonaid,
Me\air, Mace. Maey. Maxwell. Alavall, f5mith Miller,
Old*. n < !p>, Robbing Ilogei.^, Sapp, Hiannon, William It.
Suulh, Sh'xIl'ia>^. Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Me-
vi'n>, Aiidiew StiMit, David Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, Upham. Waibndsre, Wallev. Wairen, Eihhu U,
Wa-hbmne, l«ia<>l Washhurn. John Wen!worth, Tappan
WVntwortlu Witte, Daniel B. Wn«ht, fuid Yate^—09.
NAYS—iMc-sr^. James; C. Allen. David J. Bailey,
Bauv, Belcher, Bi—=oll, 13<">v-ce, liuss;, Ca^kie. Cha-tam,
Claik, Ohnoman, Cox, Oullom, John G. Davi>. Dean,
Dent, Dickinson, Dinm,EdL'erton, Eduhind-, Edniundson,
E!h;-on, Hnehsh, Fuller, Goode, Grey. Gmw, Hamilton,
Aaroti Hat San, Sampson \\r. Harris. JIa>un< !5, Haven,
Hibbard, Hipster, In^ei-oll, D.miet T. Jones, Gerujre W.
Jones. Roland Jones, Kent. Kidwell, Kittiedtfe, Knox,
Eeichei, LiH}« MeDous.Mll, McMnJlin, Maunee. Middles-
vvaith, Murray, \nd<e\v Oliver, Parker. Peck. Peekham,
Phillips, Pratt, Punjrle, Pijrvear, David ltiiehie, Thomas
Ritchey, llutfin, 8age, Sewaid, Shower. Skelton, George
W. Smyth, John J. Tayloi, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy,
