1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
proposing to refer the same, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. BRIDGES moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,
And thereupon the House adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I-would ask
if the joint resolution from the Senate, to increase
the force in the office of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, is not the first business in order
this morning ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because it is a pub-
lic bill, and this is private bill day.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The following private bills from the Senate
■were taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time by their respective titles, and sev-
erally referred, as indicated below:
A bill confirming certain land claims in Louis-
iana, in the Bastrop grant. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Joseph Gideon. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of N. K. "Warrington and
C. St. John Chubb, executors of Captain Lewis
"Warrington and others. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
An act to incorporate the Pioneer Manufacturing
Company of Georgetown, District of Columbia.
Referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
An act for the relief of Moses Olmstead. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
An act for the relief of Ezra Williams. Referred
to the Committee on Claims.
An act for the relief of John Fagan. Referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Judith
Worthen, deceased. Referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
An act to reimburse to the common council of
New York city expenditures made for the first
regiment of New York volunteers. Referred to
% the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
An act for the relief of Charles A. Kellett. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of James Dunning. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
An act for the relief of Charles Cooper & Co.
Referred to the Committee on Claims.
The SPEAKER then stated that as there were
no further private bills on the Speaker's table, the
next business in order during the morning hour,
as the unfinished business of yesterday, was a bill
" granting the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain raihoad through the arsenal, the
magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts," and that
the'pending motion was to commit the hill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported the following bills; which received
the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Lewis 15. "Willis, late a
paymaster in the Army of the United States; i
A joint resolution fur the relief of Alexander P. j
Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin Territory, and (
sureties; and ^
A joint resolution of thanks to General John E.
Wool.
IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. HAVEN. The Chair announced, a few
minutes ago, that there were two motions Penu-
ing in reference to the Iron Mountain raihoad
bill—one to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the other to refer it
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I under-
stand that the friends of the bill are willing and
desirous that it should go to the latter committee,
and I trust it will take that direction.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, so that it may
go to the Committee on Military Affairs.
• The question was taken, and the bill was refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PRIVATE' BILLS.
Mr. COBB. I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that
we could do better than resolve ourselves into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
This is objection day, and a few of the private
bills may be disposed of.
A Member. Not one, I am sure.
Mr. COBB. I think otherwise. Several addi-
tional bills have been reported from the com-
mittees since last objection day. I have myself
no bill upon the Private Calendar; but I desire to
get clear of as many of the private bills as we can.
1 make the motion that we resolve ourselves into
a Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar;
and on that motion demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clwgmaxt
anil Cox were appointed.
The question was taken,and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 67.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, before the
result was announced, I was going to call for the
yeas and nays on the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair acknowledges that
the gentleman from Ohio addressed the Chair be-
fore the Chair made the announcement.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then, Mr. Speaker, 1 want
to have the yeas and nays taken on the question.
I would say to the House that the committee has
been in session this morning till quite a late hour,
and that not yet, since the commencement of this
session of Congress, has there been one single day
devoted to the consideration of private business.
It is entirely useless, gentlemen well know, for the
committee to act on matters relative to them un-
less they are considered by the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 submit, Mr. Speaker,
that as the gentleman from Ohio did not make his
motion until after the announcement of the result
by the Chair, he is now late in doing so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Ohio is in time. He certainly
addressed the Chair very palpably before the
Chair made the announcement. The object of
the Chair is to execute the law with fairness; and
it admits that the gentleman addressed the Chair
in time, and that the Chair did not allow him to
make his demand as it should have done.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move, Mr.
Speaker, that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
onthestateoftheUnion, (Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose it had under consideration House
bill No. 49, " to supply deficiencies m the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1854;" and that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cutting] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CUTTING explained and defended the
position of the " Hards" in New York,contend-
ing that they were the true Democracy.
Mr. WESTBROOK replied to his colleague,
[Mr Ct!TTiN(f.] and maintained that the position
of the party in New York called " Softs"were the
true friends of the Administration, and the regu-
lar Union Democracy.
Mr WALBRIDGE then took the floor, and
made some remarks in regard to the history of the
New York difficulties. He endeavored to prove
that there had been such an interference by the
Administration in the New York affairs as to
create much of the difficulties now dividing the
Democratic party. . . ,
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, likewise ad-
dressed the committee: and in the course of his
remarks, said if the State of New York ever ex-
pected to become Democratic, they would have to
vote for the friends of William L. Marcy or Daniel
S. Dickinson, or place New York forever in the
hands of the Whigs. These two wings must come
together, or Seward will rule the State. The
" Hards" and the "Silver Grays "cannot begin to
cope with Seward. Those whose heads have
grown bald and gray in the New York contests
will have to stand by those who have not mingled
in the conflicts.
[These speeches have been submitted to the
speakers for revision, and will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. WADE obtained the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to give a date ?
Mr. WADE yielded the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. The Wilmot proviso, Mr.
Chairman, was offered in Committeeof the Whole
on the 8th day of August, 1846. Mr. Wright's
election came on in the November following; and
the Journal shows where the gentleman's [Mr.
Westbrook's] friends then stood.
Mr. WESTBROOK. That Wilmot proviso
was voted down in the Democratic convention.
Mr. WADE again obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The Committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole, according to order, had had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the reference of the President's message, ^
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
IMPRISONMENT OF CAPTAIN BEECHER.
A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary, transmitting a
report from the Secretary of State, with accompa-
nying documents, in pursuance of a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 3d instant.
Mr. WALKER. What does the communica-
tion relate to ?
The SPEAKER. It relates to the seizure and
imprisonment of Captain Beeeher.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Then I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move that
when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were,
upon a division—ayes 101, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Maciien, its Chief Clerk,
informing the House that they had passed a bill
of this House of the following title:
II. R. No. 73. An act explanatory of an act,
entitled "An act for the relief of Benjamin S.
Roberts," without amendment.
And, also, that they had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
S. No. 86. An act for the relief of J. Boyd, of
Louisiana;
S. No. 100.
Hamilton;
S. No. 148.
An act for the relief of Mary C.
An act for the relief of Zachariah
Lawrence, of Ohio;
| And asking the concurrence of the House
therein. TT . , _
i Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate, that he did, on the 18th
I instant, approve and sign bills of the following
I titles: . . .
S. No. 28. An act concerning district courts in
California. . .
S. No. 65. An act to continue m force the act
entitled "An act to ascertain and settle the pri-
vate land claims in the State of California, and for
other purposes." .
S.No. 81. An act changing the name oi the
American-built steamer Falcon, to that of Q.ueen
City.
