930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the United States the whole, or any portion, of the flint
kn*k small arms now in their possession, and previously
j--ued b> the Genera) Government, under the act of Apul
28. lotto; and that the value of said arms, aeeoidtng to the
standard «*t the tune of their j^ue, be lurmshed said ^tat^s
in percussion muskets and rifles, orimnaliy manufactured ji
as swh by the United States, at then armories, or in such
other oidnauce <n oidnance stoje? as shah b« designated by (|
the Governors of said States respectively, or then authorized II
ascnts : Provided, That all arms returned as aforesaid shall
appear in good condition; and all expenses ot tran-p< rta
tion fehalt be paid by the States so making the change as
aforesaid, respectively.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to revive, for a limited time, an act in relation
to donations of land to certain persons in the State
of Arkansas; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committeeon
Public Lands.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT DUBUQUE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to mqune into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the construction ot a marine hospital .it Dubtnjne, J own.
BURLINGTON UNIVERSITY.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lancia to repoi t a bill for
the relief of the Burlington Univeisify, m Iowa,
it is a bill to which there can be no objection, and
I ask the Senate to put it upon its passagp now.
The bill was read a first and se< ond time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to grant to the Burlington Univer-
sity, m the State of Iowa, the lot or parcel of
land m the city of Burlington, lying west of lot
97H, between Maiket and Valley stieels, which
was set apart as a burymg-^round, under the
provision?; of the acts of July 183(5, and March
3, 1K17, with a pioviso that this grant is to operate
only as a relinquishment of the right of the United
Stales.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
On motion by Mr. WALlvElt, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the biii from the !Ious--of Representatives,
granting a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acies of the public, lands to actual settlers.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, to the details
of the bill now under consideration 1 have given
no attention,but its principles meet the full appro-
bation of niy head and my heart. Of my head |
because, in mv judgment, it will  jive to thecoun- I
tiy strength and defense, which will servo in the :
phve of fortifications and standing armies. Of I
my heatt, because it is an act of justice. Of my !
head, because it does that wisest of all things m
a country, it couples patriotism with an interest,
and makes it more ardent, available, and enduring.
Of my heart, because it will give a house to the
houseless and a home to the homeless.
The people of a country form its institutions,
and its institutions, in turn, form the character of
the people. People, institutions, and country are
so nearly allied that they must mutually mould
mid sustain each other, for sepaiutely they will
fall and decay.
I (istitutions should create and encourage love of !
country, and willingness to suffer in its defense; '
for, without this, institutions will fall mto weak- j
ness, disrepute, and degeneracy, from which tyr- i
anny cannot rescue, nor seventy save. j
Mr. President, in all ages of the world theie !
haT been a longing, aching, and earnest desire in ,
men to own and individualize the ownership of'
the sod; and for the promise, possession, and en- |
joymentof this, they have and will endure patiently i
more hardships, more fatigue, more suffering, and '
show more patriotism, than for all other earthly !
things put together. i
In undertaking so wide and radical a change of 1
our past policy, and adopting a new one w"h us,
that is to effect so materially a large portion of our
fellow-citizen?, n is both prudent and proper to '
pause, and inquire whether other countries have
adopted this, or a similar policy, and what its
results have been. This is a legitimate inquiry. |
From, the past, under like circumstances, we may '!
safely reason what %he future will be. The first
instance of the adoption of a similar policy was
in Egypt, long anterior to the Mosaic period,
given by Diodosus Siculus, in Book I, chapter C5
m which he says that, anciently, the lands were
divided into three parts, the first to the priests, the
second to the king, and the third to the soldiers
or people.
1 disapprove of the first and second divisions,
but the third commends itself to my approbation
as well for its wisdom as its justice.
Hear what the historian says as to the last
division:
" The last portion belongs to the soldiers who, at a word,
aie ready at the King's commands, for every expedition;
that they who venture their lives in the wais, bem^ en-
deared to their country by that plentiful shaie and propor-
tion allotted thorn, may more ebeetfully undergo the haz
aids ot war. For it would be an manorial thi m to mtru«t
the sa'ety and preservation of the whole, with them who
have nothing m their country that is d>'ar oi valuable to
them to fight tor And the ehiei'reason why so laif e a shaie
is allotted to them, is that they might more readily mairy,
and by that meain make the nation nunc populous, and so
theie might be no ne< d of foreign aids and assistances.
A wise pohcyin a nut-shell, and well expressed.
To the soldiers were given one third of all the lands
of Egypt, that they might at all times be ready
and willing to defend the country, and nught the
more readily marry and take the responsibility of
a family, and thereby increase the population and
strength of the country, so that " there might be
no need of foreign aids and assistances.5'
Tins was in the country wheie civilization and
science were first known, and where regular gov-
ernment was fiist established among men, and all
these continued to prosper and flourish until this
wholesome policy was abandoned.
The next instance m which I find this adopted
a national policy, was among the Jews. Moses,
that wisest of secular Uuv-^ivers, fourteen hundred
and ninety years before Christ, led the children
of Isiael out of that bondage in which they and
their ancestors had been for four hundred years, and
stalling them on their weary and perilous journey
of forty years through a wilderness, it became
necessary to hold out to them some inducement
oi promise of reward to ai t, as a stimulant of the
hi^he,3t order, to buoy them up, and sustain them
against the depressing consequences of such a
journey, with all its Liials, fatigues, dangers, dis-
appointments,and wretchedness. Moses had made
known to the Jews all the moral law and will of
God; and had held liim up amidst his attributes,
m all 1 lis perfection and beauty of holiness. He
had promised them God's enduring favor and pro-
tection on earth, and their final reward of happi-
ness in heaven. Yet there was mutiny in the
: camp. They murmured, complained, repented
i that they had started on their journey, and loudly
! clamored to return to the bondage and if flesh-
1 pots of Egypt." Something yet remained to be
done to restore order and cive confidence. Amidst
the thunders of Sinai another revelation was made,
and another law was given. What was that rev-
elation5 What was that law? That the land of
i Canaan should be divided among the Israelites,
I that they should individually own it, and that" the
, land should not be sold forever."—[Leviticus,
j chapter 25, veise 23.]
This produced the desired effect. Discontent,
I murmunngs, and longings afterthe " flesh-pots of
i Egypt" censed, and m their stead they had pa-
; tience, fortitude, and endurance to the end of their
i journey, thus proving, Mr. President, that men
| wiil do more and suffer more for the promise and
' possession of lands, than for the love or the fear
of God. It may well be doubted whether any-
thing could have induced that people to perform
that journey, undergoing its fatigues, privations,
and wretchedness, but this promise that they
should own the land, and that it should not be
sold forever.
Thirty-eight years after that promise was made
and that law was given, that is one thousand four
hundred and fifty-two years before Christ, when
Moses was about to take leave of and bid his fol-
lowers farewell, he called them all together, and
having set down all the names and heads of fam-.
ilies,he said, " Unto these the land shaU be divided
for an inheritance according to the number of
names."—[Numbers, chapter 26, verse 53.] At
this time and place Moses delivered his farewell
address and gave to the Jews a secular form of
government; both of which will be found in the
fourth book of the Antiquities of the Jews, by
Josephus. And if this address is not the original
of, or the model from which Washington formed
his immortal address to his conntr) men, it v.*iU
v. ell repay the curious for the labor of reading it to
se° how similar they are in many respect, and
satisfy all that Washington had a predecessor.
This great Hebrew law giver, m the most im-
pressive manner, enjoined upon his followers the
observance of his policy and laws; and promised
them that so long as they maintained and observed
this policy and these laws, they should be pros-
perous, happy, and pre-zail over their enemies.
Eight years later, that is one thousand four
hundred and forty-four years beforeChirst, Joshua
having exterminated the ancient Canaam'ps, and
fully possessed their country, divided the lands
among the families as had been commanded by
Moses; thus consummating the promise that had
been made to the Jews more than forty years before,
and for the accomn'ishmentof which theyhad bom
with unparalleled patience and fortitude, indescrib-
able privations and suffeiings.
Thus had the Jews, under the stimulant of a
promise that they should be the owners of lands.,
performed this journey, expelled wnd extermin-
ated a more numerous and powerful nation than
themselves, with " cities great and fenced up to
heaven "—[Deuteronomy, chapter 9, verse 1.]
Mr. President, so long as this people kept these
laws and observed this policy, they constantly
progressed in power and greatness, and bid defi-
ance to ail the surrounding barbarous nations,
though many times more numerous and powerful
than they. But so soon as they ceased to observe
this policy and these laws, and allowed their lands
to be absorbed by the few, (the common soldier
having nothing to fi^hf for,) they became a prey
to sur-onndmg nations, their homes were deso-
lated, and their people became captives in foreign
lands.
1 call the history of Sparta to the notice of Sen-
atois. For many years the Wpartans had been
distracted and overcome by their enemies in every
engagement, and reduced to abject weakness, til!
"Lycurjjus, ei^ht hundred and eighty-four years
befoie Christ, destroyed all distinctions; and by
making an equal division of the land of Laconia
among the members of the Commonwealth, he
banished luxury and encouraged the useful arts.'*
Luxury was banished, and the useful arts were
encouraged by the division of the lands. But this
was not all; from that time the Spartans were
united m a warm, burning, glowing, and ardent
patriotism, and never met or suffered a reverse in
war till the battle of Leuctra—a period of five hun-
dred and twelve years. Here, then, may be seer?
m bold relief the dnect effects and advantages of
the osvnci ship of lands by the mass of the peo-
ple. Nor did this defeat happen till they had ill
substance abandoned the laws of Lycurgus. fn
my deliberate judgment $1,000,000 thus appropri-
ated is worth more than $100,000,000 expended
in fortifications and standing armies.
An instance in the history of Rome may be
referred to.
After all the lands and wealth of that mighty
empire had been absorbed into the hands of a
few aristocratic patricians y enervated and effemi-
nated by excessive luxury, idleness, and debauch-
ery, and the phbe'ums were reduced to beggary
and almost to starvation, and after the failure of
the Gracchi and others to divide the lands among
the masses, Home was threatened, yes, was
actually involved in war, and her very citadel
reduced to imminent danger, and out of her im-
mense population she could not raise troops to
defend herself. Then the patricians appealed to the
oppressed phheinns to rise, take a)msy and defend
their countr) ; but the plebeians' reply was: " roe
have no country. Why should wc shed our
blood and g;ive ovr lives for Rome when she gives
us only misery and degradation ?"
Here, Mr. President, is a glaring instance of
national weakness from national injustice—from
the want of coupling patriotism with an interest.
If the lands had been divided among the masses,
Rome would never have wanted soldiers or de-
fenders.
Mr. Piesident, the Egyptian and his laws have
disappeared. The Jews fotsook the law that was
given them amidst the reverberation of the thun-
ders of Sinui and fell. The Spartans suffered their
lands to be absorbed by the few, and they were
swept from the face or the earth. Rome pursued
