mm
, Xliati of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Butlek.] They show that, by the operation of
the tenth section of the fugitive bill—which gives
conclusive force to a record made behind the back
"of th^ aljege'^ fugitive—a free colored person, with
evidence of \ns freedom, may be surrendered to
"slavery. And they add: '
'♦This is not an imaqinery case, but is substantially
descriptive of due which has recently occurred. A colored
man, who bad resided in Philadelphia from childhood, and
"proved by competent witnesses to be a free man, has beun
, reluctantly, consigned 10 a claimant ia Georgia by a United
States commissioner in Delaware, under the authority of
= the section alluded to."
Reference is here made to the interesting case of
Edward, Davis, who escaped from Georgia by con-
cealing himself under the wheel-house of a steamer
in a most exposed situation; and who was after-
.wards surrendered to slavery in opposition to pos-
itive testimony to his freedom. Among the papers
accompanying the memorial, is one which states
. that the commissioner declared that " he would
give fifty dollars, cheerfully, to be released from
making the decision;" and that on account of it
" he lost two nights sleep, and had no comfort
while in church on Sunday." No wonder at this.
Mr. President, it was an early maxim of the
common law, that it were better that one hundred
guilty persons should escape than, one innocent
person suffer.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a point of order. Is
it in order to discuss this question at length on
the presentation of a petition ?
Mrl SUMNER. I have no such purpose. I
jSm merely explaining the memorial, and pressing
it upon the attention of the Senate. I proceed:
A wise man of antiquity remarked, in words often
admired, that, in his opinion, the best Govern-
ment was that under which a wrong to a single
citizen was resented as an injury to the whole
Commonwealth. And, sir, only at this session,
■Congress has offered its homage to an American
officer, who, in a distant sea, interposed the power
of the Government to shield the liberty of an ob-
scure person who claimed his protection. If the
spirit of this act, and of these sentiments, pre-
vailed here, an outrage like that described by the
memorialists could not occur, without arousing
at once the indignant judgment of Congress.
J move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on the Judiciary. t
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President,the Senator quotes
i one old saying from the common lawi There is
another, sir, to be derived from higher authority,
from the sayings of the wise man of Israel, " the
dog will return to his vomit." I do not expect,
sir, that we shall be able to correct vicious and
depraved instincts or corrupt taste; but I do pro-
test against tolerating an abuse of the rules of the
Senate, in order to reiterate these hackneyed set
phrases which we have heard repeated so often.
Mr. SUMNER. I am accustomed to answer,
on this floor, anything m the shspeof argument,
and I hold myself ready at all times to meet it.
I hold myself, also, at all times ready to meet any
Senator here who keeps within the rules and or-
ders of debate, for that man is my peer; but a
Senator who does not keep within the rules and
the orders of debate is not my peer.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, of course I
should say nothing on this subject if the State
which 1 have the honor in part to represent had
4 not been alluded to, and alluded to in a manner in
' which it would not have been, I think, if th Sen-
ator from Massachusetts had considered well what
he was saying. I suppose he justifies himseif
upon the representation of facts made in that pe-
tition. I only beg to say to the Senate, and
through them to the country, that the allegations
contained in the petition are not correct, and I
feel that this is not the proper place to set afloat
as facts statements which have no actual founda-
tion.
Now, sir, it so happens that I am acquainted
with Colonel Dean, the Senator from the city of
Macon, and county of Bibb, in the Legislature
of the State of Georgia, and I know the case
to which the Senator referred. I received a com-
munication from a personal friend, Mr. Wales,
of Wilmington, Delaware, who was one of the
attorneys, and I think the leading attorney engaged
in the trial. I recommended to'him that if there
was the least belief whatever that the boy Davis
was a free person of color, Judge Nesbitt late of
the supreme court of Georgia, should be employed
to investigate the case. ColonelDean knowing the
facts asked that the laws of the country should be
nvoked to try whether he was a' ftee person of
color or not. JHe is now in Georgia, and the ques-
tion can 'be tried there. A correspondence has
taken place on the subject between Mr. Dean and
some individuals at Wilmington.
Mr. Dean stated to them that the boy was there,
and that, if any of them believed he was a free
person, and could convince him such was the fact,
he would be the last man in the world to retain in
slavery any one who was not a slave. The matter
passed off in that way; but the honorable Senator
irom Massachusetts to-day has set it afloat
throughout the whole country that,by the laws of
the United States, and by the decision of a com-
missioner in the State of Delaware, a free man
hag been sent into slavery. If I were to ask the
Senator if he made this'statement from any knowl-
edge of his own, he would say he did not, but
that he spoke from the representations contained
in this petition.
Now, sir, I submit to him and to the country
whether it is proper thus to attempt to excite sec-
tional jealousies upon a presumed state of facts;
and whether it is justifiable to allow those per-
sons who are governed by prejudice or fanaticism,
or any other feeling whatever, to make this body
an instrument by which they may circulate their
statements, when it is known, or ought to be
known, that they are not true?
Mr. President, if we go on in this course, and
gentlemen who take pleasure and feel a gratifica-
tion in exciting one section of this country against
the other, continue in this way, conservative men
will ask why is it done; for what purpose can it
be ? Can it be the result of a patriotic feeling, or
is it the result of a determination so to excite one
section against the other so as to lead to disunion ?
Why, sir, no longer ago than two days since,
I happened to come across an Abolition paper
called the Emancipator, and there 1 read a speech
of Wendell Phillips, who is himself the great
leader of the party or faction to which the Sen-
ator belongs, in which he said the Constitution of
the country established slavery; that by it the
South was justified; that the Constitution required
the rendition of persons escaping from service,
and the principle to <vhich he appealed was the
destruction of the Constitution. As an evidence
of what he and his followers intend, they burnt
up tjiat sacred instrument and also this law, and
proclaimed that the disunion of these States was
the only course that could rescue them from the
oppression, as they call it, of slavery.
Now, am 1 to believe that the Senator from
Massachusetts, under the influence of this feeling,
is making an effort'to bring about that state of
affairs, which is so much desired by the leaders of
the party? Does he desire to see accomplished
the results contemplated by the individual to
whom 1 have reference, and others connected with
him? I surely think not.
Then, after the Congress of the United States
have passed a law which has been approved by
the President, and acknowledged to be constitu-
tional, why does he not, like a law-abiding man
and a patriot, submit to the Government of his
country, and not attempt to excite prejudices and
jealousies ? ,He does not desire to see the Union
dissolved. It can only be then for some personal
consideration. What can that personal consider-
ation be, but to throw around him a party—a
party which he knows is forming against the Con-
stitution of his country and the union of these
States. That can be the only feeling. It is not j
for the purpose of advancing the prosperity or the
happiness of the Union, but it is for the purpose
of advancing the prospects of the individual. j
Now, sir, I submit to the country and to the !
members of this body, whether we should make
ourselves a mere instrument in the hands of these
fanatics ? I will be pardoned for calling them so.
For those who are sincere, and honest, and
governed by feelings of the heart, and have no
hypocrisy, I have a respect, but in regard to
those who are governed by personal feelings and
considerations, and who desire to make them-
selves the leaders of this party, or to acquire no-
toriety at the expense of the country, I cannot
call them patriotic.
Here, sir, I am the representative of a State
having as much prosperity, and, I trust, as much
patriotism as any State in this Union That State-
tolerates slavery—a slavery that has descended to
us from our ancestors—-a slavery that came from
the ancestors of the Senator from Massachusetts
himself, and from the State of Massachusetts.
With this destiny implanted upon us, and with
all the efforts of benevolence and philanthropy to
render the condition of all mankind, black or
white, in that section of the world happy and
prosperous, are we to be daily irritated and per-
plexed by the solemn declarations we have all
heard uttered by the Senator from Massachusetts
—calculated to do what ? Calculated to make the
impression abroad that cruelty is existing in the
South; that we of the South would take a free-
man and convert him into a slave.
These are the allegations which have been made.
Surely thgy are such as the feelings of no section
of the country ought to approbate. They ought
to recollect well, and I say to the Senator to-day,
he ought to know, and he ought to feel, and he
does know, and he does feel, that he is making an
instrument of himself here, merely to irritate the
judgment and the feeling of gentlemen who rep-
resent the southern country, and whose destiny
has bpen planted there. Though he may con-
sider it a duty incumbent on him to present these
petitions, he ought to avoid presenting them in an
offensive manner; he ought to avoid the use of
language'calculated to irritate gentlemen. Butthe
Senator, I regret to say, repeats those things as if
the section of country to which I belong, was a
section which was dishonoring the Union of these
States, and dishonoring the character of human
nature. Then, not he, but the leaders of his
party, go further and say that we are governed
by a Constitution which is a degradation to our
nation, and that we are preserving a union which
is calculated to damn us in futurity. Why do
this? Ought not the country, and ought not the
Senator, to know that these things are not calcu-
lated to harmonize, that they are not calculated to
arrest what he considers to be an evil, and never
can have such an effect? If the enlightenment
of the age, if the improved state of the nation, if
the character" of the South cannot manage this
institution, which he calls an evil, I ask him if
he has any instrumentality, or any capacity by
which he can eradicate it or ameliorate it? I take
this occasion to say to him, and to his friends,
that instead of benefiting the condition of the
people whom they desire so much to alleviate,
they are planting more-firmly the roots of that
which they wish to destroy. They are attempting
to make that section of the country rebellious;
they are, by the acts which are being perpetrated—
I do not say by him, but by the persons whom he
represents, and whose medium he is—endeavoring
to induce a certain class of population in our
country to escape to the northern States,and then
to raise all these exciting questions. What reason
is there for it, except a mere desire to excite the
public mind by creating a great uproar in relation
to these questions?
But, sir, I did not intend to say much. I rose
merely to speak of the facts, because I am one of
those who consider this question as having passed
by, and who had hoped it would not be agitated
here again. My object .in rising was merely to
correct the Senator's statement as to ColonelDean,
the owner of the boy Davis, to whom he has re-
ferred. The boy, as I understand the facts, as
they have been already proved in the trial in Del-
aware, and as they will be proved again, is a per-
fect slave. I now assure the Senator, if he wishes
to look into the matter, he can go to the town of
Macon, in the State of Georgia. I will accom-
pany him there. He will receive no affront. He
shall be protected in every form and shape. He
shall be protected like any other gentleman who
passes through our country. The boy shall be
there. The Senator may institute a habeas corpus.
He may select a jury in the State of Georgia to
try the case, and if he, as well as the jury, be
not satisfied that the boy is a slave, I pledge my-
self that he shall be given up.
Upon this statement and these facts, which oan
be substantiated, is it not unjust to misinform the
country, and to attempt to excite the feelings of
that portion of the North who are excited about
this matter, to attempt to inflame them, and to
talk about these men who are petitioning Con-
gress being the friends of Washington and of
Franklin? Why is this? It is done for the pur-
pose of proclaiming to the country that the friends
