220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. *20,
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER S TABLE.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are a few bills upon
the Speaker's table, which I ask may be taken up
and disposed of. it will not consume more than
ten minutes' time.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken up, severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
" An act for the extension of the preemption
privilege in the State of California." Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands,
" An act to relinquish to the State of Wisconsin
the land reserved for salt springs therein." Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
" An act to divide the State of Ohio into two
, judicial districts, and to provide for holding dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States there-
in." Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
" An act to provide for the establishment of the
marine hospital at St. Marks, in the State of
Florida." Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER, The business next in order
is upon referring to the Committee on the Library
the resolution "for supplying new members of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives with
such bookvS of a public character as have been
heretofore supplied."
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question next in order
is upon referring the joint resolution "authorizing
an increase of force in the office of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printer" to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. MURRAY. This resolution emanated
from the Joint Committee on Printing. They
have, examined the matter, and recommend that a
resolution of the kind should be offered and
passed. I have a letter here from the former Su-
perintendent of Printing, which 1 would like to
have read for the information of the House, and
which is in answer to one from the former Com-
mittee on Piintmg.
Mr. J0NE&, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
Mr. MURRAY. The resolution is a very short
one, and I would be glad to have it read. There
is absolutely a necessity for increasing the foice
in the employment of the Superintendent, for the
purpose of saving money to the Government.
The duties of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing are very onerous; have been very much
increased since the office was created; and cannot
be performed by his present force; and, therefore,
1 think there is an absolute necessity for the in-
crease of force which he now asks.
Mr. JONES. This office was created under
the impression that the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing would discharge the duties of the of-
fice, and that it would not be necessary to employ
clerks to assist him.
Soon after, a joint resolution, or bill, was
brought here authoiizlng the appointment of two
clerks, with a salary each of $1,500 per annum,
and a messenger. At first it was voted down by
the House, but after some time it was recon-
sidered, and authority was given for the proposed
appointments.
Now another reason comes before us for the
appointment of two more clerks, with the same
salary as those already appointed, and where the
thins" will stop I do not know.
Mr. HOUSTON. Never.
Mr. JONES. I see in it a heavy and expensive
bureau in embryo. I hope the matter may be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on thp
state of the Union, that the resolution may be
printed, and that members may be able to know
upon what they are called to vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question, for the purpose of information.
I wish to know whether the necessity for this in-
creased force does not arise from the fact jhat we
have ordered the printing of 100,000 copies of
another census book, which will devolve a large
amount of labor upon this officer5 If these clerks
are-demanded in consequence of the action of this
House, we are responsible for the expense inci-
dent to our own acts.
Mr. JONES. I do not know. I suppose if
those books had not been ordered the demand for
the clerks would have been the same. I would
suggest that perhaps the cause of their appoint-
ment may be found in another direction. Certain
men may have been promised office under "the
new Superintendent. They are doubtles anxiously
waiting for them. They may incur disappoint-
ment unless these places are created for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It may be for that reason,
but it may be in consequence of the order to which
I have alluded, and which 1 voted against, it is
for that reason, I am inclined to think, the resolu-
tion should be adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. With the per-
mission of the chairman of the Printing Commit-
tee, who is entitled to the floor, I will state the
reasons why this increase of force in the office of
the Superintendent of Printing is required. The
law which created the office of Superintendent
imposed upon that officer an immense amount of
labor—so much, that it was physically impossi-
ble for a single man to perform it.
In the first place, it required that he should re-
ceive from the Secretary of the Senate, and the
Clerk of the House, a.11 the printing which should
be ordered by either branch of Congress, and'de-
liver it to the public printer. It also required that
he should receive from the various chiefs of De-
partments and heads of Bureaus all the printing
that might be required for their offices, and place
that in the hands of the printer. It compelled
him to supervise this printing "as it progressed,
and see that the work was executed in the style
and manner provided for in the law.
Gentlemen may understand something of the
immense amount of work ordered by Congress
during a single term, when I inform them that the
books printed by order of the last Congress
amounted to one million volumes. Independent,
then, of the printing for the Departments, the Su-
perintendent, under the law of 185^2, v/as com-
pelled to give his personal supervision to the exe-
cution of this immense amount of books, together
with pH the reports, bills, and small executive doc-
uments oidered to be printed. I3ut the law also
piovided that the Superintendent should make con-
tracts for and procure.all the paper which might
be required for the public printing, keep samples
of the same, and see that none was received which;
in all respects, did not conform to the contract.
At the time the law referred to by the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was
passed, and which gave to the Superintendent two
clerks, it was a matter of imperative necessity.
It was utterly impossible for the Superintendent,
in his own person, to discharge his duties under
the law. He could not superintend the work,
keep the various accounts required, and inspect
and receive the work when executed, without as-
sistance. It was a physical impossibility. Even
the additional force thus granted, under the then
existing circumstances, was found not to be suf-
ficient. It is true that the labor then to be pex--
formed was nothing like as great as it is now; but
notwithstanding that fact, the force was inad-
equate. At that time the work of the Departments
had not devolved upon the Superintendent, because
the contracts which had been made by them had
not then expired. These contracts expired only
during the late recess, and after the adjournment
of the last Congress. Now, he has not only upon
his hands the work ordered by the two Houses,
but ail that required to be done by the several De-
partments, and it is no inconsiderable amount, I
assure you.
Besides, sir, since the increase of force in that
office was granted by the late Congress additional
duties have been imposed by law upon the Super-
intendent; duties which he was not required to
perform, and which add greatly to the labors of
the office. I refer to the first section of " An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1854," which I now have before me. By
this law, in addition to the duties I have before
enumerated, it is made the duty of the Superin-
tendent to supervise the binding of all the books
which are directed to be bound, see that the work
is properly executed, and receive and receipt for
them from the binder. He is also required to su-
pervise the engraving of maps, see that the work
is done properly, and upon such paper as the law
requires. Every gentleman knows that these maps
are not executed here. Contracts are made m
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, and thelaw
is so rigorous in regard to the duty of the Super-
intendent, that if he executes it properly he must
give his personal presence in all these places, when
the work is under way, to see that the contracts
are fully complied with. It is made his duty to
examine every single map, and see that it is upon
such paperas the contract provides. He must have
a proper force here to attend to the business of his
office while absent supervising the engraving and
printing of the maps, or else permit the public
service to go unperformed.
But, not only have these additional duties been
imposed upon the Superintendent since the two
clcrks were allowed, but the labors of the office
have been nearly doubled from another cause.
The public printing then was done by a single
printer, and in but one office. Now there is a
printer to each House, and consequently two
offices. It is easy to see that the labors of the
Superintendentand his clerks are greatly increased
from this cause. The two offices are situated at
opposite ends of the Avenue; but the work, as
it progresses in each, must be supervised by
the Superintendent or one of his clerks. But the
paper for all the work done for Congress and the
Departments is purchased by Government. It is
obtained in large quantities, and has to be taken
care of. It is fully as much as a single clerk can
do to receive the paper from the contractors, in-
spect and weigh it, and take care of it. He has
to deliver it to the printers as they require it,
weigh it out to them, take their receipts for the
same, and keep with them the proper accounts,
tie must be at the warehouse constantly, to sup-
ply either office when paper is needed. Orders
are constantly coming in from the several Depart-
ments for small jobs, the paper for which must be
supplied, without delay, by the Superintendent.
In addition to all these duties, sir, the Superin-
tendent is compelled by law to keep as many as
twenty separate books, and in these books are
kept over one hundred separate accounts. He has
all the calculations of all the work executed by
both printers to make. The law fixes the rate of
payment by prices, and according to rules only
understood by printers, or, rather, not generally,
understood by others than printers.
Such, sir, are the duties of the Superintendent
of the printing, and how, in the name of common
sense, are they to be properly executed, onerous
and various as they are, by himself and two clerks
only? As was stated by the honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Murray,] this matter was*
referred to the Joint Committee on Printing—of
which the House Committee is a part—by the Sen-
ate. The Superintendent and his clerks were pres-
ent when the Joint Committee considered it, and we
had a full knowledge of all the details of duty im-
posed on them. Indeed, ourduties, as members of
the Comimttee,bringusin constant intercourse with
them, and have abundant means of knowing .the
difficulties and embarrassments under which the
Superintendent labors for wajit of sufficient force.
The committee weie unanimous in the opinion
that these clerks were needed, and the resolution
now before the House was reported to the Senate
by direction of the committee. I cannot see how
it is possible for the force now employed to exe-
cute properly the requirements of the law, and,
therefore, urge the House to adopt this resolution.
The public printing, under the present mode of
doing it, has been greatly improved, as all may
see. The improvement is not only in the quality
of the paper used, but in the mechanical execu-
tion of the work. I ascribe all this to the pro-
vision of the law which subjects  11 the materials
and the work to the inspection of an intelligent
Superintendent, who must approve it before it is
received from the hands of the printer. Not
only in this respect does the system work well,
but our printing now actually costs us one thiid
less for the same amount than it did under the old
system. I am anxious to see the present system
continued while it works so well, and should re-
gret exceedingly that it should be embarrassed by
any want of a sufficient force to carry it out. These
clerks asked for are absolutely needed, and I trust
the House, without referring the resolution, will
order it to be read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DEAN. I hardly think that the House is
now prepared to vote on this question; and there^
