932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
number of officers at two thousand three hundred,
and allow them (what I endeavored to show, and
what ! have no doubt is ail over, rather than an
under estimate) the half pay of a captain fcr
twenty years, taking that as the average of their
lives, the amount of expenditure will be wnat I
before stated. In the books in relation to revolu-
tionary claims that I have looked at, the officers
are said to be of the age of " thirty and upwards.
If they were of that age, I think we may fairly
compute—and this is the largest computation that
I have seen—the average of their lives at twenty
years beyond the close of the war. Then the halt
pay of a captain, which would be about the aver-
age, and probably a little more than an average,
of the half pay of all the officers, would be £2,400,
deducting, as this bill proposes, the commutation
which each has already received. Each officer,
therefore, will, on the aveiage, be entitled to re-
ceive $2,400 under this bill. Then, according to
this calculation, the largest amount, supposing
that the descendants of every officer of whom
we have any record, come m, and receive under
this bill, wiil be $5,520,000. But of this number,
two thousand three hundred, what proportion is
it likely will ever present their claims? In the
first place, I think it a fair presumption, that in the
time which has elapsed between the Revolution
and this period, at least one fourth of those fami-
lies have become extinct. To be sure, this is con-
jectural. We have no tables, no statistics, by
which we can ascertain this matter with any great
certainty. I beg leave, however, to state one or
two facts in connection with it.
I had occasion some years ago to compare a
list of the British peerage of 1756 with that of
1820, a period of about sixty years. From the
comparison, it appeared that tnoie than one half of
the names which existed in the British peeiage in
1756, had disappeared entirely before 1820. in a
large number of cases the title had become extinct,
and the families that owned them were no more;
or it may have been (and no doubt it was in many
cases the fact) that the tulehad come into the pos-
session of female branches of the family, by
whose marriage the name was changed, Ibis is
the only fact within my knowledge by which 1
have any means of ascertaining this point; but I
think it a very lair calculation, trom the informa-
tion which I can obtain on the subject, that in the
period which has elapsed from the Revolution to
this time, at least one fourth of the revolutionary
families have become extinct. Taking one fourth
from two thousand three hundred, \vp_ have one
thousand seven hundred and twenty-five as the
probable number of the officers whose descendants
will be entitled to relief under this hill.
Now, sir, suppose the descendants of everyone
of these one thousand seven hundred and twenty-
five should apply, whatsum will you have to pro-
vide for them under the hil!? Only £4 J 40,000.
But, is it likely that all will apply? Are the de-
scendants of each one of the one thousand seven
hundred and twenty-five, now m such a location
that they can be easily identified > I have gone
into some calculations upon this matter, and I will
state my conclusions to the Sena'e.
By the act of 1828, a pension was granted to all
the surviving officers and soldieis in the Revolu-
tion. In the returns from the Pension Office, tins
statement appears: that there were two thousand
one hundred and seventy-three applications under
that act, and that of this number only one thou* uid
one hunched and seventy-eight were ever put upon
the pension list. The rest were unah'e to make
out their claims. I assume, theiefore, that, al-
though under the pension law of 1^28, neai ly half
the applications were disallowed for want of
proof, yet that one fourth the officers may nowbp
fairly estimated as incapable of proving their cases
under this bill. Their descendants are scattered
from Maine to Georgia, and from the Atlantic m
the Pacific ocean. Then, taking oil one fourth of
this number, it will leave one thousand two bun-
dled and forty-four. Multiply one thousand two
hundred and forty-four by two thousand four hun-
dred, and it will give you as the total amount
necessary to be appropriated for the entire extin-
guishment of all theclaims likely to come in under
this bill, $2,985,600—a little less than $3,000,000.
Tins seems to be a large sum, but compare it
with what you have done in other cases. We
have now the largest pension list m the world, 1
believe, m proportion to the military force which ,
we have employed m our wars. I find, in look-
ing at the repoitof the Commissioner of Pensions,
that we have now upon the pension rolls fifteen
thousand persons, and we have been paying them
since 1833, a period of twenty years, on an av-
eiage £.1,000,000 a year. In 1851, the estimate
for pensions was ^2,344,220. The actual pay-
ment for the last year was $1,876,072. That is
the sum which we are now paying from year to
year. Twice that sum will more than provide for
ail the claims which will be allowed under this
act. If, therefore, we have dealt so liberally with
those who are now living, who rendered services,
why should we not make some adequate provis-
ion for the descendants of those who are dead ?
There is another view of this question. We
passed, the other day—ami 1 believe that you, Mr.
President, [iVIr. Foot occupying the chair,] was
the principal champion of it—a bill to give ten
millions of acres for lunatic asylums in the States,
i suppose that the value of that grant may be put
down at £10,000,000. ifind, on looking at the re-
ports, that, for military services, we have given
away twenty-four millions of acies of land, and
that more than three fourths of this quantity has
been granted to those who were en aged in the
war of]812, to those engaged in Indian warfares,
and m the Florida and Mexican wars. I find, in
addition to this, that we have granted away for
railroad puiposes six millions of acres. This
makes a total of forty millions of acres of land
which we have given away for the living; yet some
gentlemen object to providing a small pittance for
the descendants of those who are dead.
The honorable Senator from Michigan s' ems to
think that this bill has been sprung upon the Sen-
ate in some irregular way. Wow, sir, 1 find, in
looking through the previous proceedings of Con-
gress—for 1 know, personally, very httle of what
has been done here—that, in 18j8, theie was a
report by Mr. Richard M. Johnnon upon this sub-
ject. lie reported a bill proposing to provide for
these claims pretty much as this hill does. Again,
in 1824 and 1828 theie were similar bills reported.
They, however, ultiniated in granting pensions to
the living, although the committees reported bills
corresponding veiy much with the piovisions of
this, except that, instead of going back to the
half pay, and charging the officer with what he
received by way of commutation, they proposed
to give him the amount of the commutatron, u nh
a deduction of one eighth fiom it, and to allow
him interest also. That was done because, accord-
ing to ail the evidence, if appeared that the officers
received actually only about one eighth of the
amount of their commutation.
J have not looked much into the progress of the
question from that time; and 1 do not find that
thei e were any petitions presented fiom 1^28 up to
1850. About that period, the petitions on which
the bill is fiamcd began to be presented. At the
last Congress there were two or thiee. This year
there are about fifty; and I am satisfied that next
year there will be five hundred, and they will con-
tinue to multiply, until finally your tahle will be
covered with them, and something will have to be
done.
1 have now stated, Mr. President, all the in-
formation which 1 ha\e in relation to the subject;
and I do not propose to discuss, what 1 suppose
every Senator feels, the great propriety and justice
of theclaims which the^e people have upon us.
Mr. WALKKR. Mr. President, 1 wish to
make an additional observation at present, in re-
ply to a seeming objection taken by the honorable
Senator from Michigan ft) this bill He seemed
to hken it to that class of propositions wh.ch have
been made heie, to make <rood to the recipients
the depreciation upon om i evolutionary currency.
He will obseive upon examining the hill, that "it
does not paitake of that quality at all; but the
moving consideration of the bill was undoubtedly
the depreciation of the j evolutionary currency.
The Senator must beawmethat promises were
made, under resolution,9 of Congress, of half pay
for lite to those officers who should serve to the
end of the revolutionary war. That got up a
clamor in the country that there was likely to be
fastened upon it a pensioned class for life; and the
proposition became very unpopular. It was then
oropo-sed, I think by General Washington in the
first instance, that Congress should commute this
half pay for life, to five years' full pay. In the
resolution of Congress, commuting the half pay
for life, it was not provided that the individual
officers should be called upon to give their assent
to it, but that it should be given by divisions.
Mr. CASS. By Suite lines.
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir, by the Continental
lines of the several States. Agents were sent into
the country, and this assent was obtained, either
expressly or impliedly; but in whatever way the
commutation was assented to, it was evidently
the supposition of those whose half pay for life
was thus to be commuted, that they were to re-
ceive the full amount of the commutation. In-
stead, however, of receiving it in money,commu-
tation certificates were issued; and it is known,
as part of the history of the countty, that those
certificates immediately became depreciated until
they were worth at different periods, varying from
eight to twelve per cent. only.
Now, this bill proposes to reinstate the paities,
upon certain conditions, m their half pay for life;
but it does not propose thatihe Government shall
pay the commutation over again, for it provides
that the nominal amount of the commutation shall
be deducted in full, notwithstanding the deprecia-
tion from the amount of the half pay to which
the officer would be entitled; consequently we are
not making good the depreciation upon our cer-
tificates of that day, but we are restoring each
officer to his rights under the promise of half pay,
and then deducting the nominal amount of which
he did get by way of commutation. The result
will be this: if the life was a short one, the com-
mutation will amount in reality to as much, and
m fact to more than the half pay for life; and
therefore, the descendants, in such cases, will get
nothing, for when you come to make the deduc-
tion, there will be found to be a balance against
the officer. But if the life was a good one, or a
long one, if it ran on until the time when the half
pay, according to the resolution of Congiess,
would amount to more than the full sum of the
commutation, then the descendants will get the
balance, after deducting the commutation. It will,
therefore, be perceived by the Senator from Mich-
igan, and by the Senate, that the provisions of this
bill do not make good any depreciation whatever.
The Senator's recollection may serve him m re-
membering that the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, two years ago, 1 believe, did bringforwaid
a proposition to make up to the officers of the
Revolution, the amount of the depreciation. That
committee at this session, could not agree upon
that proposition; but they deemed it wiser to
report this bill; and after a very full and careful
examination by the Senator from South Carolina,
he leported the bill. 1 am satisfied that he has
examined its provisions with great care, and that
he has devoted much attention to the history of the
period. 1 am satisfied, as 1 doubt not the other
members of the committee are, that this bill, to
say the very most of it, will do nothing more than
legal justice to the officers of the Revolution. I for
one should be truly gratified to see it passed.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Wis-
consin must not misunderstand me. I take no
position against the bill, but as it had not been
argued, I tin ew out the suggestions which occurred
to me.
Mr. WALKER. I did notunderstand the Sen-
ator as opposing the bill, and i wished simply to
answer the objections which he suggested.
Mr. CASS. The difficulty which occurs to me
is pieusUy tins: It is now proposed to icopen,
under ihe Coosfituti m, claims which have arisen
fiom the Sad faith, if you may give it that name,
of the Government of the Revolution. Although
it did all it could, it was incapable of carrying into
effect the pledged • faith of the Government, if
you open that question m this case, I do not see
why you should not reopen it in every other.
The men of the Revolution settled the claims of
the Revolution. The question of commutation
must have been settled sixty-five or seventy years
ngo, pud at that period the parties received the
commutation in full discharge of their claims on
the Government. 1 cannot state precisely the cir-
cumstances, for I have not adverted to the matter
for some time; but I know the facts traditionally.
As the honorable Senator from Wisconsin very
correctly says, there was a great prejudice against
the proprsuiori to continue bfe pensions, precisely
as there was a prejudice against the Society of the
Cincinnati The hereditary nature of that society
created such a prejudice against it that the society,
