1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. GWiN. I move that this subject lie on
the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say one word, i
have the floor, 1 believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the question he upon
the table
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has no right to proceed but by unanimous
consent, I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
'from California moves that the petition he on the
table.
Mr. CLAY. The subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I not the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, when his name was called, said:
1 answer "no." I want everything to come. Let
the crisis come as soon as it can.
The question being takei by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 37, nays 14: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bailor, Bay'
aid, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Ca>s, Clay,
Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Dodue ot Iowa, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatriuk, Geycr, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jolu^on,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tenne-\-ee, Mallorv, Mason,
Nuujs., PrMt, Piatt. Rusk, Srba^tian, Shdell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucej, and Weiier—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Butler, Cha«>, Dod^e of Wisconsin,
Fessendwi, Fish, Foot, Giliette, Ilanilm, James, Rockwell,
Sumner, Toombs, Wade, and Walker—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the motion submitted by me
some time vsince, to reconsider the vote on the
passage ofthe bill authorizing the construction of
a subterranean line of telegraph from the Missis-
sippi or the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean. I
will make an explanation, and then hope the Sen-
• ate will indulge me in my request. 1 made the
motion to reconsider, not because I had changed
my mind in regard to the bill, but because I
thought it highly important that it should be acted
upon by a full Senate; and it passed before with-
out a full Senate, and by a majority of but one
vote. I made the motion at the instance of gen-
tlemen for whose opinions I entertain the highest
respect. I wish now to have that motion taken
up, and for the purpose of doing justice all round,
and to ascertain the sense of the Senate without
any further consumption of time, if my request is
agreed to, 1 shall ask leave of the Senate to with-
draw the motion to reconsider, and then that can
be voted upon as a test question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is upon the motion
made by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. WELLER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. 1 imagine that the Senator
from California does not understand the ques-
tion .
Mr. EVANS. Will the Chair state precisely
the proposition which is before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
question of granting leave to the Senator from
North Carolina to withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BADGER. I made the motion that the
Senate take up the bill for consideration, and I
stated that if the Senate agreed to take it up, I
should ask leave to withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. WELLER. That is the question before
the Senate—shall he have leave to withdraw the
motion ?
Mr. BADGER. T do not so understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the motion to be to withdraw the
motion to reconsider the vote.
Mr BAYARD. The pending motion now is
to take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be taken up.
There was no objection.
Mr. BADGER. Now, Mr. President, I will
state a little more distinctly the reasons why, as
I have said, I shall submit the motion. I find,
sir, in consequence of the state of the business
before the Senate, that by pressing the motion to
reconsider, I may unadvisedly, and against my
intention,do serious injury to it. Now,-therefore,
with the understanding that it is to enable the
Senate to determine whether they will adhere to
the bill which they p^s^ed or not, I move for leave
to withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STUART. Aa a test question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on granting leave to withdraw the motion to re-
consider. Upon that motion the yeas and nays
have been demanded.
Mr. DAWSON. The question is whether leave
shall be granted to withdraw the motion to re-
consider. Is it within the power of the Senate to
grant that leave?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Clearly it is.
Mr. DAWSON. Is not the question directly
upon the motion itself an equivalent proposition,
and why then change the rule?
Mr. BADiiER. 1 should have no objection to
taking the question on that.
Mr. BROWN. We should have a long de-
bate upon it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire simply to say to my
friend from Georgia, that under the rules of the
Senate, a gentleman who makes a motion can at
any time withdraw it, except m case it is a motion
to reconsider, which shall not be withdrawn with-
out leave of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina has dearly a right to make the
motion. It is in the power of any Senator to ob-
ject to granting leave, and m that event the sense
of the Senate will be taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 30, nays 19; as toliows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger. Bell. Benjamin, Brod-
head, Ca>s. CJia^e, Uodye of W)-?cori5iii, Dod^e of Iowa,
Douglas, Fessenden, Fi-=li, Foot, Gt yer, Gillette, Gwin,
Hamlin, Hou*ton, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones- of Ten-
nes?p , Nori is, Rockwell, Rusk, St'baMian, Stuart, Sumner,
Thomson of New Jei*ev, Wad*, and Welter—'30.
NAYS—Me<sis. Atchison, Bayard. Brown, Butlcrj Clay,
Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Kvan«<, Fitzpatnck, Hunter,
Johnson, Maton, Peart e, Pratt, SJuiell, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Toombs, and Walker—J9.
So leave was granted to withdraw the motion to
reconsider; and it was withdrawn.
Mr. BRIGHT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Seward, who was in favor ofthe bill.
WILLIAM P. S. SANGER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the request of
the House of Representatives to furnish them
with a certified copy of the bill for the relief of
William P. S. Sanger; and it was orde^u that
the request be complied with.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the House bill " to
grant a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands to actual settlers "
Mr. Gwiv had moved to amend the first sec-
tion by striking out " free of cost" and inserting
"at twenty-fivecents an acre payable when the pat-
ent shall have issued." Mr. Brodhead had
moved to amend this amendment by striking out
"twenty five,"and inserting "fifty." The pending
question is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. The Senator fiom California
[Mr. Wilier] is entitled to the floor; but I have
suggested to him that I desire to make a motion
this morning, and I have his assent to it. After
prefacing it with a few remarks, I shall withdraw
the substitute winch I offered yesterday.
I took occasion yesterday, and, as I thought,
with perfect respect to the Senator from California,
to ask him, while discussing the amendment to
the original bill, to confine himseif to that amend-
ment. It will be recollected that the only thing
which was done yesterday was the making of a
motion, by the Senator from California, to strike
out the words " free of cost," and insert " twenty-
five cents;" and of another motion by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodiiead,] to amend
that amendment of the Senator from California,
by inserting" fifty" instead of" twgnty-five," an
1 think that from that time down to the hour at
which >ve adjourned, which was past four o'clock,
the question before the Senate was not discussed
at all.
I do not rise to complain, but only to submit
that very much time might be saved, (and 1 sub-
mit it with great respect to Senators,) if we would
' the relie
ordered
V
confine ourselves to the question before the Sen-
ate, in our discussions." The moat of cur'debate
yesterday was in respect to the proposition which
1 submitted, and which was not berore the Senate
for discussion. The original bill and the amend-
ments to it alone were in order.
I find this morning that there is a difference of
opinion among those whom I know to be friends of
the bill, in respect to the.amendment which I have
offered; and, sir, willing at all tunes to consult
the wishes and theopimonsof others.and against
my own judgment, (I am bound to say, decided-
ly against my own judgment,) I shall withdraw,
that proposition for the present. 1 only now wish „
to submit that I was somewhat surpiised to hear
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,]
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] and the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,} say, with
so much emphasis and so much confidence, that
the proposition which 1 submitted contained noth-
ing like a homestead principle.
Air. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me,V
never said that. I stated that it contained many
other matters of great importance, and that f
thought if it did contain the same principle we
had better take the homestead bill on its own ba-
sis. The Senators from Illinois and Pennsylvania
may have stated what the Senator says.
Mr. STUART. What is a homestead? It is
simply a place where a man lives. It is his resi-
dence; and there is no other known signification
of the term. What is the object, therefore, of
a bill graining to a man a homestead ? It is to give
him a place to live on. Upon what terms? Why,
sir, it is no less a homestead because you charge
him tweniy-five cents an acre for it. than it is if
you give it to him; and when a Senator rises here,
arid undertakes to tell me, especially with as much
emphasis as the Senator from Pennsylvania did,
that it is not a homestead, he has not consulted
the dictionary, he has not at all considered the-
elements of a homestead. It is, I repeat, merely
a place where a man resides, and the question of
the terms upon which you will grant to a man,
woman, or child, a homestead, is a question
which belongs, with great propriety, to the Con-
gress of the United States.
It may be that the Senator from Pennsylvania
desires to make some reputation in his own State,,
by being considered the most prominent enemy
of the homestead bill. If he does, I do not wish
to deprive him of a single iota of it. If there is?
any other Senator who wishes to be considered
the champion par excellence of the homstead prin-
ciples, neither would I take from him a single
plume. I am content, Mr. President, (and I beg:
to be excused by the Senate for uttering it, for I
disiike to speak of myself,) to procure at the
hands of the Congress of the United States the
best law for the actual settlers upon the public
land, the best law for the land holding States,
and the best method, in my judgment, of dispos-
ing of the whole land question jn Congress, which
Congress in its wisdom is willing to pass.
I have some peculiar notions of my own; butl
am only one among a large number of gentlemen
here, most of them older, all of them more ex-
perienced, and doubtless all abler; and, sir, I only
hope, ho far as my feeble powers may enable me,
to do something towards adjusting this land ques-
tion, upon a principle which would be satisfactory
generally.
Now, it was said by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] and I confess to my surprise, that
he regarded the introduction of this substitute as
an abandonment of the homestead principle.
Mr. WELLER. I understood this morning
from the Senator from Michigan, that his desire
was to withdraw his substitute, but not to go into
a discussion. If he is desirous of entering into
the discussion, I should prefer hearing him after I
have spoken.
Mr. STIJART. The Senator was not in his
seat when I stated that I had his consent to with-
draw the substitute, and I at the same time stated
my desire to preface it with a very few remarks-
Mr. WELLER. The Senator told me nothing
about going into a debate upon the question.
Mr. STUART. The very last thing that I
wish to do, is to extend the debate on this question,
or on any other question. I have refrained, on
every question which has been before the Senate,
of a prominent charactec, at this session, from
discussing it, in order to save time, I have done
