1864.
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
in fact, became extinguished. That feature of it
was abolished, and the society went on. There
was a similar feeling against life pensions, and
therefore there was a change. If I understand it,
the change was not in ail instances agreed to by
individuals, but submitted to the lines of different
States, and agreed by them, and the commuta-
tions were then accepted by the individuals.
Now, there is no doubt that the Government
was bound to pay the amount of the commuta-
tion. You may consider it, if you please, a breach
of faith that it was not paid, but it was not paid,
because the Government had no means with
which to pay it. So it is a breach of faith that
you did not pay the soldiers of the Revolution,
who went barefooted and without clothes. They
were supported throughout all that trying strug-
gle by a principle of patriotism, the most glorious
that the world has ever seen.
Now, then, I ask again, Mr. President, without
saying how this bill ought to be determined, why
select this particular instance of the incapacity of
the Government to carry out its pledged faith?
Why not carry the principle through, and look to
all other cases, and provide for the soldiers as well
as the officers of the Revolution. This is my dif-
ficulty, and it is the only difficulty I have about
the bill. If there has been a want of faith on the
part of the Government, or an incapability to fulfill
its promises, and we are now able to fulfill them,
let us do so.
Mr. SUMNER. And provide for the Conti-
nental money ?
Mr. CASS. Certainly. Why not include the
Continental money and various other matters' If,
when the Government began issuing that currency,
it considered each paper dollar issued as equal to
a Spanish milled dollar, and at the end of the
year there was a depreciation perhaps of fifty per
centum, and it went on the succeeding year to
seventy-five per centum, and so on until you can
hardly count the rate of depreciation, why not go
back and asceitain those scales of depreciation,
and actually pay the face amount of that currency ?
We all know that there was a great loss upon
that species of currency. Some of the younger
portion of the Senate may suppose, perhaps, that
it was funded like the other debts of the Govern-
ment; but it is a mistake to suppose so. Not a
dollar of it, not a cent of it, was ever funded. It
died in the hands of the community. The sol-
diers were paid in it, but it went for nothing, and
it died in their hands. I repeat, then, if you once
begin to open that question with relation to the
faith of the Revolutionary Government and the
non-fulfillment of its obligations, let us examine
the whole of it, and I do not see, myself, why
you should select one case any more than another.
Before that is done the whole subject ought to be
much more maturely considered than it has been.
Mr. SEWARD. " I wish to look a little further
into this matter, and T perceive indications on the
part of those around me to do so; I therefore
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed, say for a week.
Mr. CASS. It would be better to say next
week.
Mr. SEWARD. Next Wednesday.
Mr. EVANS. Suppose we say Monday.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator who
has charge of the bill suggests Monday. I have
no objection to that except this: I am informed
that the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearcf.] desired, probably, to submit some views
to the Senate on the subject, and I am told that he
is detained from here by illness, and is not likely
to return before the day which I have named. I
therefore move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until to-morrow week.
Mr. EVANS. Very well.
Mr. CASS. The Senate have been good enough
to say that they will hear my remarks upon an-
other subject on Monday next. There is no par-
ticular pressure of business, I believe; but, if there
is, I will give way.
Mr. SEWARD. It is better to^say Wednes-
day next, the day which I have already named.
Mr. WALKER. Before the question is put on
the motion to postpone, I wish to say, in reply to
the question put by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, that I think the answer to his question
is a vei y plain one. The question he asks is, why
not extend this principle to the soldiers as well as to
the officers of the Revolution? The plain answer
is, that the Government made a promise to the
officers.
Mr. CASS. I see that the honorable Senator
misunderstands me. I know perfectly well that
the soldiers were not entitled to this pension, if it
may be so called; but what I mean to say, is,
why not ascertain the value of the pay given to
the soldiers, and, if it turns out to be worth noth-
ing, why not pay them again ? I know they were
not entitled to commutation, but every one knows
that their pay was, in point of fact, nothing.
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection to going
as far as the Senator from Michigan would go;
but for our present purpose, the answer to the
query of the Senator from Michigan is very plain.
The Government promised half pay for lite to the
officers if they served to the end of the war. They
did serve to the end of the war, and complied with
the conditions on their part. Then,as it were, in
violation of the contract, they were cut down in
the amount promised them. They were tacitly
forced to take a commutation of their half pay for
life, in five years'fullpay, and even that commuta-
tion wasnever paid. Now, we proposeto comply
with the promise of the Government to some ex-
tent. We cannot do it to the full extent; but we
propose to comply with it as far as we can, and
to make good the promise as far as it is in our
power to do so.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
Wednesday the 2Gth instant; and it was agreed
to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration ot Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 18, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. Milborn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I wish to inquire of the Chair
what the first question is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill increasing the salaries of the clerks in the
Executive Departments was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time on yesterday; and
the question is, " Shall the main question upon the
motion to reconsider be now put?" the demand for
the previous question having been seconded on
yesterday.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it in order to make any
remarks at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question was seconded yesterday, and the ques-
tion is, " Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Would it be in order
to have the bill now read ?
Mr. DEAN. The original bill was read yes-
terday.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to have the
bill read as a matter of right, upon the demand of
a single member, but it is competent for a major-
ity of the House to order the bill to be read.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope there will be no objec-
ion to it.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object. The bill is published
in the Globe which is upon our desks, and every
member can look at it for himself.
Mr. HENN. It will be much more intelligible
if gentlemen will read it for themselves in the
Globe. I also object.
Mr SAGE. When the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time
shall have been reconsidered, will it then be open
for discussion ?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall recon-
sider the vote, the bill will then "be subject to com-
mitment or to amendment, and will be open to
discussion.
Mr. ROBBINS. I desire to ask the Chair one
question. The gentleman from Tennessee indi-
cated yesterday that he desired to offer an amend-
ment. Now I want to know if, by unanimous
consent, he cannot offer it without the necessity
of taking all the backward steps which will be
required'in order to reach it regularly;
The SPEAKER. Certainly it will be compe-
tent for the House to amend the bill by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ROBBINS. I "have no objection to the
amendment indicated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and 1 hope it may be allowed, by unani-
mous consent, to be offered.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the bill.
I am willing that it should be thrown open "for
amendment and discussion. But the gentleman
from Pennsylvania yesterday had the previous
question ordered upon the bill without giving us
an opportunity of saying one word upon it, and
I am now unwilling that the gentleman should be
allowed by unanimous consent to go back and
make the modification which he desires, without
giving others an opportunity for explanation. If
the bill, by general consent, may be thrown open
to discussion and amendment, 1 have no objection;
but I am not willing that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania shall, have the general consent to accom-
plish his own purposes.
Mr. ROBBINS. I have no modification to pro-
pose, or desire for discussion. I only desired
unanimous consent to accommodate the gentleman
from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order,
the previous question having been seconded. The
question now is, " Shall the main question be
now put upon the motion to reconsider?"
The question was taken; and the main question
was ordered to be put.
The question now being upon reconsidering the
vote by which the hill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time,
Mr. LETCHERdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the vote was
reconsidered.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, was uponmjr
motion. I stated, at the time of making it, that it
was with a view of so amending the hill as to pre-
vent it from making the appropriation for the sal-
aries provided for in it permanent. I now propose
to make that amendment. I move, therefore, to
add at the end of the original bill the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to make an appropriation for any period beyond
the 30th of June, 1854.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendmentto
, the amendment.
! Mr. ROBBINS. I have the power. I am will-
I ing to accept the amendment of the gentleman from
I Tennessee.
I Mr. JONES. It is not my purpose to go into
J an argument upon the merits of this bill. It is
> objectionable to me in its main features, and, for
! one, I cannot support it; but having proposed the
i amendment which I indicated to the House that
I would, if the vote was reconsidered by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, I shall make no other motion in refer-
ence to the bill, but leave it in the hands of the
House.
Mr. COBB. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to offeran
amendment to the bill which I am sure will meet
with the approval of the House. Members will
think that it is right. I move to strike out the
words:
" And alt vacancies in any of the classes named in said
act mentioned shall be filled by promotion from the next
ciass below."
The effect of the amendment is to destroy the
proposition that where a vacancy occurs in class
number three, the highest office, it is bound to be
filled by a clerk of class number two, when a.
number one is better qualified to discharge the
duties than number two. If the amendment be
adopted, promotion will be left to the discretion of
the heads of the Departments. They will not be
restricted in their action. If a number one is a
moreefficientclerk than a number two, they will be
allowed to promote him. Now they cannot do so.
Merit should be the stepping-stone to promotion;
and if my proposition be adopted, it will be, under
this bill. Heads of Departments have the right to
make their appointments as they deem best. I
(foubt very much the propriety, or the right, of
Congress to fix rules for these promotions; but t
