934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
will not argue the question. It is so obvious that i
the appointing power should not be restricted by \
them, that i will content myself with submitting i
the question to the House without further remark, j
Hereafter I may suggest another amendment. J '
do not think it is proper for me to call for the :
previous question, and 1 will not do so. j
The amendment was read by the Clerk. |
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, the motion i
which my colleague has made, to strike out that;
provision of the bill, is one which it seems to me I
the House will not hesitate to adopt. It is a new '
principle introduced into the legislation of Con- '
gress, so far as I am aware of it, that promotions \
of the civil list shall be made according to the rule !
and practice which has heretofore only obtained j
in the military service of the country, it is very !
evident that it is not the policy of the country to J
confine appointments to any particular class. It j
is against the spirit of our institutions, and it is :
against the prooer exercise of the appointing pow- :
er itself, that It shall be limited to any specific j
persons, or any specific class of persons. j
But, sir, it seems to me that the objection goes j
a step further, and that the provision contained in !
this act, by which vacancies m the first class must j
be filled from the second class, is absolutely un- i
constitutional. The Constitution piovnJes that \
Congtess may by law vesttheappointment of such ;
inferior officers as they think proper in the Presi- J
dent alone, or in the courts of law, or inthe heads i
of Departments. Now, it is perfectly well known |
that Congress itself cannot make the appointment. !
These two Houses of Congress could not hy act;
appoint A, B, or C to any office in this Govern- |
ment. The appointing power is not m Congress, ;
but to Congress is delegated the right to vest the :
appointment in the President alone, in the heads
of Departments, or in the judge.s of the Supreme j
Couit. Now, when Congiess proceeds to exer- 1
cise this constitutional power, by vesting the ap- 1
pomtment m the President, or in the heatlsof He- j
partments, it must vest the complete and entire ;
power. As Congress itself cannot make the ap- \
pointment, Congress cannot by act control the
mode and the manner; it cannot confine and limit
the appointing power to persons and classes. But
the appointment and the appointing power must I
be regaided as a complete thing in itself.
Now, if it us competent for Congie^s by act to i
miy to the President oi 1 feads of Depai tments, in !
whom (he act has vested the power, you shall con- j
fine your appointing power to the second class of i
clerks, why may it not, by the same process of i
reasoning, say, when a vacancy occurs in th^ first
class, you shall give it to the oldest officer in the
second class >
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Will the gentleman from :
Alabama allow me to ask' whether it would not '
be competent for us, if the view of the Consutu- |
tion is right which lie is combating, to piovnle j
in the civil and diplomatic apptopriation bill that I
all the valuable offices—say all those of which the I
sahuies are more than ^2,000—shall be filled by !
ex-members of Congress? It would be a fine
thing; for legislation of that sort would make a 1
great many ex-members of Congress, and we '
might provide for those gentlemen who are put 1
out. [Laughter.] ;
Mr. PHILLIPS. It involves precisely the same ;
idea. The whole matter amounts to this: that j
as the appointment itseil cannot be made by Con- 1
gress itself, so Congress cannot, by act, control
the person to whom the appointing power is given, 1
but to that person must be left the powerof making i
the ^election to fill vacancies.
Mr. ROBBIXS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say that J hate no objection whatever to the .
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Conn,] and am ;
perfectly willing to accept it, so far as 1 am con- !
cerned. !
Mr. PHILLIPS. My principal desire was to
bring this question to the attention of the mem-
bers of the House, because it seems to me to be
so clear a principle that the mere statement of it
would lead to no further argument on the subject.
The SPEAKER. "With the permission of the
gentleman, that there may he no misunderstand-
ing in regard to thesearnendments, the Chair begs
leave to state that the only pending amendment is
the one proposed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jont5;.] The amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama being inconsistent with th-it, or
not connected with it ut all, is not pending as an
amendment to an amendment; and the only amend-
ment now before the body, is the one proposed
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. GROW. I desire to ask the Chair if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Rosbins] did
: not accept the amendment suggested by the gen-
tleman hom Alabama.?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania hasrno right to accept it, as he is acting
for the committee, and not for himself.
Mr. SAGE. I have an amendment which I
desne to oiler. I will not detain the House a single
moment in explanation.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Speaker has ruled that
no amendment is in order.
The SPEAKER. Except that proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones ]
Mr. SAGE. I desire simply to state to the
House, that i received a communication last even-
ing from the clerks m the navy-yard at Brooklyn,
NYw York, calling my attention to this bill, and re-
questing me to use my influence to have a section
incorporated into it, providing that its benefits
should apply to them. I see no reason why we
should not extend its provisions to them, as the
expenses of living m that city are fully as high as
they are here. At the pioper time, I will move,
therefore, to amend, by offeiing an additional sec-
tion, providing for these employees of the Govern-
ment at Bi ooklyn.
The JSPEA «vLCR. Does the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Phillips] yield the iloor?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I understood the Chair to
say that no omemlments were now m order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that no
amendment was m order, unless it was an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, jMr. Jo\tus,J which reads as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained -.hall bo ou-
str-nd as nt.ikintc an appropilutiou lor any period beyond
the .10th oi .June, ib."> t.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Having brought before the
] louse the question to which i alluded, I will now
1 take the occasion, while I am occupying the iloor,
j to make a few additional remaiks.
| The pimcipal reason urged for the passage of
! this bill is the increase in the expenses of living.
' I make the mqiiny if this is a loial result? Is the
! jtu.leased expense of living confined to the city of
j Washington; and is it hete, alone, that the Gov-
J eminent should piovidefor this change of circum-
j stances5 If such an increase in the expenses of
1 living exists—and i do not deny it—is it not uni-
i vernal? Is theienot the same mci ease in expenses
' in all the States—m my State as m yours, Mr.
i Speaker? Is u a local increase5 If it is, as 1
1 state it to be, an increase of expenditure through-
| out the country, owing, probably, to an inlfux
i of a gieater quantity of com into the country,
I pioduung similar effects eveiy where, why should
| (he bill upon your table confine the increase of
i salaries to the clerks employed in this particular
! locality ? Why is not this increase made in the
I salaries of cleiks employed in the custom-houses
j and post offices m the city of Mobile and the city
, of New Orleans, where 1 know the expenses of
' living are greater than at Washington? If the
evil exists which maizes it necessaiy to act upon
this subject for thecleiks in this paiticular locality,
then I say it is proper for the committee to take
the whole subject into consideration, and do equal
justice to the employees of the Go\ ernment every-
wheie. if it were for nothing else than the prin-
ciple of inequality contained m this bill, I should
be opposed to it.
1 mo v<> that the lull be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
[Many Von ks. "That is right!'']
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. [ suppose, Mr.
Chairman, the bill is debatable under that motion?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH. I propose to trouble the House
with but a very few remaiks upon this subject;
but I shall be glad to have their attention, because
I understand that the subject which has been
under consideration is the power to appoint clerks
from the first to the second, and from the second
to the third classes, and so on.
Mr. COBB. That subject is not under discus-
sion. The amendment was not entertained.
Air. S VIITH. Did not the gentleman from Ala-
bama move an amendment reaching that point 'r
Mr. CO BIS. I did; but the Chair did not enter-
tain the motion, because the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was pend-
ing.
Mr. SMITH. If that is so, I have no remarks
to offer now, and have r.o objection to the bid
being sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Upon the motion uf the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. j&hillips,] I call for
the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he should modify his motion by
moving that the bill be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SMITH. The motion was made by the
genMeman irom Alabama, [Mr. Phillips'] I
made no motion, but only called the previous
question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. CLENGMAN. I hope we shall not do
that. Let us refer the bill.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. As it is the wish of several
members, i will withdraw my motion.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union,
Mr. SAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. OLDS. I should like to know if discus-
sion can be had now upon the bilP
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, unless he rises to a point of order.
Mr. OLDS. I do rise to a point of older. It
is that diM'ue.s'on is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has long since
decided that the discussions going on throughout
the Hall are very disoidcrly.
Mr. OLDS. I so understood.
The SPEAKER. The House having determ-
ined that the main question shall be now put,
cuts off ail debate.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 5<), nays 87; as follows:
V MAS-—Appleton, Umry, Tielcher, Bane, Oa-kic,
Ciiii'iiiMM, Coi win. Co\. Crockei, ('ullom, John G. Davis,
1 )< aii, {)<•)! t« Diiini, Ei'-rnton, Thomm I), ft hot, Klii^on,
Fii'j'i-h, Fuller, Goode, Giey, Grow, Hamilton, Samp-on
W. Ilarii^, Halting*, Haven, Hibbaid, Hiestei. !ut; ir^olK
Dame! 'J'. Jones, (Jeoi<je VV. Jonc, Roland Jones, Kit-
tred:i'\ Letcher, lYTaerionnld, Maurice, Muldlesuaitli, Mor-
gan, Miniay, Patki-r, Peek, Peckham, Phillips, Pratt, Pur-
\ ear, i)avul Uitclne, Rulhn, Sago, Seymour, Skelton,
\\ ilhain Smith, \V. Sni\th, John J. Tav!oi, Na-
thaniel G.Taylor, Tiacy, Vail, Walley, Wheeler, and Zol-
licujler—.">[).
X \YS —Mosis. Aiken. Dark-dale, Hell, Reimett, Ren-
j-on, I'enion, Ri^t-dl, nii-^, Boyee, Bridge-, Caipcnter,
Chandler, Chii-man, Clark. Cobi), Colquitt, Cook, Cuitis,
Cutting, Thomas Davi-, Dawson, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy,
Hdmund-on, John >1. Elliott, Etheiidge. Farley, Faulknei,
Fenton, Gidding-;, Greenwood, Aaron Ilarlan, Anthew J .
Harlan, Wiley P. Hams Harrison, Henn,'flowe, Hughes,
Hunt, J. Glauev Joiicn fcem. Kerr, Knox, Kuit/, Latham,
! ill id ley, Li mMey, Me Douqall, McNnir, Mace, rilaov, Muv-
nll, Smith .Villci, Olds, Phelps, Pimple, Jlieltaid^on,Thos.
Ritehev, Uobbms, Rnui rs, Sapp, Reward, Shannon, Show-
ei, Geirit Smith, tfamueJ A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Snoduiv1-*., Richard !! Stanton, He-tor L. Stevens, Strat-
ton, Andiew Mua<t. John J,. Taslor, Thurston, Uphum,
Vaiwant, Wade, Waibndqo, Warren, Llhhu H, Wasii-
bmne, I-iael Washburn,John Wentwoith, Tj.ppiiri Went-
worth, Wute, Daniel R. Wright, and Yates;—d?.
sSo the House refused to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state'of the Union.
Pending this coll,
Mr. LILLY stated that he would have voted in
the affirmative, but that he had paired off with
Mr. Di^NNy, of Ohio.
Mr. CL1XGMAN also, pending the call, said:
I nse to a question of order. I understood that
when the name of the gentleman fiom Virginia
[Mr. J3 vyly] was called, the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Denton] answered for him. lie an-
swered for General Bayly, supposing it was his
own name, and there may be two votes.
A Voice. General Bayly would have voted
the same way.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My friend from South
Carolina says General Bayly would have voted
the same way. I do not know how that is, for
General Bayly is not in his seat; and m order to
prevent mistake, I have raised the question, in
Older that this comction mny he made now.
Mr. Bc.NTON". I heard the name Thomas H.
called, and supposing it was intended for my name,
I answered to it.
