THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it for that purpo'se alone;; but, sir, I hkve seen it
to be a totaf failure. I shall, however, pursue that
course yet, and, at the suggestion of the Senator
from California, ! shall say no more, but ask to
withdraw the substitute which 1 offered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. With the consent of the
Senator from California, I beg leave to say a word
on this subject, as the Senator from Michigan has
frequently1 alluded to me.- He has stated that I
said his substitute did not contain the homestead
principle. 'That is very certain; and I repeat it.
The hcmeSfead.bill, as I understand it, meant
a free-gift farrn, as contradistinguished from the
graduation principle, or from the doctrine of ceding
the hinds to the States; and I repeat, (but not
with a view of making myself particularly prom-
inent as the opponent of the homestead bill,) I
am in favor of giving cheap homes to poor set-
tlers; ajid if the Senator from .Michigan considers
that a homestead bill, I am in favor of it; but, sir,
I do not wish to violate a principle for the pur-
pose of doing it. I wish to have some amount
paid for these lands, which will approximate to
their cost to the Government—which will in some
■ way reimburse it.
Mr. WELLER being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate at length in support of a mod-
ified bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN followed in a speech of con-
siderable length, on the general policy of the land
system.
Mr. CASS replied, contending that the true
policy for the Government to pursue was to grant
the land's to actual settlers without price.
[See Appendix for these speeches.]
Mr. CLAY. I do not rise for the purpose of
trespassing on the time of the Senate at this late
hour, by making a speech, butl cannot permitthe
remark of the honorable Senaior from Michigan,
in regard to what fell from me some days since, to
pass unnoticed. I know that hp did not design to
do me injustice, yet the extent and import which
he gave to the word "demagogue," as used by
me, was far beyond the sense in which it was in-
teded or used, of which I am well satisfied he
would be persuaded upon perusing thespeech which
I delivered on that day. I did not, by any means,
intend to impeach the motives or impugn the con-
duct of the supporters of the homestead bill on
this floor; but 1 stated that, by pursuing the course
ot opposition to the measure which 1 did, I should
incur the assaults of demagogues at home; and
so I repeat. Now, sir, I say in all candor and
frankness, if I could persuade myself that this was
a constitational measure, standing here, as 1 do,
as the representative of one of the new States—a
State in which nearly half of all the lands are still
public and unappropriated—and if I could recon-
cile to my conscience a measure fraught with such
injustice, as I regard this is, to the old States, as
was so eloquently and forcibly portrayed by
my friend from Louisiana, then my regard for
the interests of my own State would prompt me
to support it; anu it is because other gentlemen,
occupying the position of representatives of States
upon this floor, do not regard it as unconstitu-
tional, and I presume do not regard it aa.unjustto
the States, that they support itin good faith, and 1
believe, without rendering themselves obnoxious
to the charge of demagogism. But, sir, what I
understand by a demagogue is one who endeav-
ors to lead the people, not for their good, but for
his own aggrandizement. I used the word in that
sense, and I do not wish to withdraw it. And in-
deed, as my honorable friend has alluded to the
policy of other countries in respect to the dispo-
sition of the public lands, I must be permitted to
say that 1 do not think history records the names
of greater demagogues than those who have been
prodigal of the public funds in order to insure
their own elevation. I think Pericles, who ruled
the Athenian people less by reason than-by the
profusion of the public treasures, and the Gracchi
who led the Roman people by the distribution of
gram from the public granaries, and by the divis-
ion of the lands were as great demagogues as any
who support similar measures in this country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
I he question is on the amendment of the Senaior
from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Brodhead,] to strike
*' twenty-five M out of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Gwm,] and insert
"fifty." J I
July 19.
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CLA.Y. I shall vote for that amendment,
but 1 desire to say, at the same time, that I con-
cur in every sentiment and word which was ut-
tered upon it by my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Adams.] I have, and intend at the proper time,
to offer another amendment, which will graduate
the price of the homestead in a proper proportion
to tne graduated price of the public lands, fori do
not abandon the nope that we shall, ere the close
of this session, adopt a graduation bill.
Mr. G-W1N. I shaft vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, because
I think t\yenty-five cents will be a sufficient price,
taking into consideration the fiveyears,residence,
and i wish, Mr. President, to make this state-
ment to the Senate, and to the friends of the
homestead bill. That proposition comes from an
opponent of the bill; and his supporters, among
whom is the Senator from Alabama-, are also its
enemies. Their amendments are intended to de-
stroy the bill. I hope, therefore, its friends will
stand by the proposition which I have offered,
and vote down the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Foot,
Iiamliu, Houston, Hunter,Mallory, Mason, Norris, Pearce,
Pratt, Rockwell, Thompson of Kentucky, ToOmbs, and
Toucey—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bell, Bright, Brown,
Cass, Chase, Dixon, Dodge ol' Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Fihh, Geyer, GillettejGwm, Jonesof iowa. Jones
of Tennessee, Petut, Sebastian, Shields, Slide!!, Stuart,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jer ey, Wade, Walker, and
Wejler— 27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania was to insert
" fifty " instead of " twenty-five." I now move
to strike out "twenty-five" and insert "fifty,"
together with the provision that at the end of five
years the settler shall be entitled to the reduction
of fifty cents upon every acre m cultivation. The
effect of it will be simply, that at the end of five
years the settler will be compelled to pay fifty
cents upon every acre that he does not reduce to
cultivation.
Mr. OWIN. ff my colleague will reduce his
amendment to writing, I may accept it,
Mr. WELLER. The Secretary can read it.
The amendment was to strike out of Mr.
G win's amendment " twenty-five cents per acre,"
and insert:
Fifty ce'h^per acre, payablein five years, to be returned
for every acre which muy, within that time, be reduced to
cultivation."
Mr. PETTIT. I hope that will not be agreed
to. I can see, in the future, thousands of difficul-
ties which will arise out of it. There will be no
end to the surveying of each tract of land, to
know how many acres have, and how many have
not, been reduced to cultivation. There will be
no end to the increase of clerks in the Land Office
to keep up a record of this matter. It seems to me
there is nothing practical in the proposition.
Mr. V^ELLER. J had not supposed that any
western man would be troubled in determining
what " cultivation" meant. 1 think it is a matter
which can be very easily attended to at the Land
Office. My simple proposition is, that if at the
end of five years the settler shall have reduced say
sixty acres to cultivation, he shall only he com-
pelled to pay fifty cents per acre upon that which
he has not cultivated—fifty dollars, of course,
for one hundred and sixty acres of land. I apt.re-
prehend there would be no difficulty in determ-
ining it. It would require, of course, satisfactory
proof at the Land Office that tile settler had reduced
a certain amount to cultivation. Upon what he
had reduced to cultivation he would have noth-
ing to pay. My object is £o induce the settler to
cultivate as much of the land as possible; and
therefore, 1 hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment; and they were
ordered, and taken with the following result:
YtEAS-Mesw. Benjamin, Brodhead, Butler, Clay,
ler fl^ Ilu,sk/I,hori)PPO" of Kentucky, Toombs, and Wei-
NA73—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Bay,ird, .Bell, Brisht
DCS fhoo.i   ..   ' . JL .
Fish, Filznatriek, root, Geyer-, Gillette, Gwirt, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of towa, Jones of Tennes-
see. Mason, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian,
ftmeids, Sltdell,Stuart, Sumner, Tiiomson of New Jersey.
Wade, and Walker—41. '
So it was rejected.
Mr. "WELLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Butter, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Evans, Fish
Fitzpatnek, Foot, Gillette, Hunler, Maliory, Mason, Norris,
Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebastian, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Toucey, and Weiler—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Fessenden, Geyer, Gra, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pemt, Rusk, Shields, Slidell,
Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, aud Walker—25.
And the Senate adjourned. ,
i <Cas£' ?hasei Clayton","'Dawson,'"Dixon, Dodge'of
J WiseenxiD, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evana, Fessenden,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 19, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN BOSTON, NEW
YORK, AND PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary has had referred to it
Senate bill (No. 38)" to provide for the accommo-
dation of the courts of the United -States in the
district of Massachusetts." The committee has
also had under consideration the condition of the
courts in Philadelphia and New York. I would
state to the House that the courts in the cities of
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia are actually
turned out of doors, and that there are no means
by which the Government can provide for proper
conveniences for them. The bill has passed the
Senate on this subject, and 1 now desire the unan-
imous consent of the House to report it backj
with amendments, in order that it may now be
acted on.
There was no objection, and Mr. Stanton,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, reported
back the bill with amendments, and the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The committee's amendments were read an<S
agreed to, as follows:
After the word " necessary" strike out the words "-and
permanent."
After the word " Massachusetts" insert the words " and
in the cities of New York and Philadelphia."
Strike out the last part of the bill, which reads as follows:
r or a term ot not less than ten years, or by purchase •, pro-
vided that no purchase shall take place except wiihin the
[units of an appropriation to be made by Congress," and in
lieu thereof insert" until permanent accommodations can
be provided as hereinafter proposed," so that the section
will read, when amended, thus :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives-
of the United States oj America %n Congress assembled,
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby is,
authorized and empowered to provide necessary accommo-
dations for the courts of the United States, and*the officers
connected with them, in the district of Massachusetts, and
m the cities of New York and Philadelphia, by fitting up and
leasing the same until permanent accommodations can be
procured as hereinafter proposed.
Add, as an additional section, the following:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the President be
authorized 10 procure, by purchase or otherwise, suitable
sites for building? to he used as courthom.es and post offi-*
ces, in the cities of Boston, New York, and Philadelphia,
and that he prepare and submit to Congress, at as early a
day as practicable, plans and estimates tor the same.
Mr. STANTON. I will state, in a few words,
that the bill, as it came from the Senate, author-
ized the Secretary of the Interior to make provis-
ion for permanent accommodations by a lease of
not less than ten years. The Committee on the
Judiciary propose to authorize the Secretary to
make temporary arrangements for the accommo-
dation of these courts, and then, by a second sec-
tion, directs the President to procure sites for
buildings either by purchase or otherwise. This
mode of expression was adopted because it has
been intimated to the committee that the city of
New York would give to the Government of the
United States a site for a court-house and post
office in one of the public squares. That may,
or may not, be so, and hence the words " by pur-
chase, or otherwise," are used. The committee
thought that as the necessity for these coiart-housea
