THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 19, 1854.
New Series.,...No. 113.
and post offices is likely to be permanent, it would
be economical on the part of the Government to
provide for permanent buildings in these three
cities. These courts are very important ones,
and the gentlemen representing the cities con-
cerned know that they are now actually turned
out of doors.
In one or two of these cities they actually refuse
to hold any courts, for want of places in which to
hold them. From the city of Philadelphia we
have had representations from grand juries, judges,
and citizens, so that the fact is ascertained beyond
any doubt that something must be done, or else
justice will be at an end in these cities. 1 hope
the bill will he passed by the House.
Air. HOUSTON, i wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Tennessee for one moment
to the phiaseology in that part of the bill which
proposes to make it necessary for the President to
act—I mean that part of it which directs him to
cause sites to be obtained I think if the gentle-
man desires to accomplish the object he has m
view, he had better employ such phraseology as
•will leave the matter discretionary with the Presi-
dent In lieu of the words now employed, 1
would suggest the words " that he be author-
ized."
Mr. STANTON. I accept the amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not lise to interpose any
objection to the bill, but 1 would like to hear it
read as it is amended.
The bill, as amended, was then read through by
the Clerk.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move further to amend
the bill by inserting the city of Indianapolis, in the
State of Indiana, as one of the points or places to
be provided for in this bill.
1 would say just one word to the House in sup-
port of this amendment. The business men of the
State of Indiana met last winter on this subject,
and instructed me to present the question to the
House of Representatives, and also instructed
the delegation of Indiana to support such a prop-
osition, There is at present no place in the State
of Indiana suitable for the Federal courts to hold
their sessions. I do not know that I can add any
argument which will enforce the necessity of adopt-
ing the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will withhold his amendment for the pies-
ent. I assuie him that the Judiciary Committee
would not have asked the House to consider th:s
bill at the present time, but for the fact that in
these cities the Federal courts cannot be held. In
the city of Philadelphia, I am informed, the papers
connected with the courts are actually locked up
in the vaults of one of the banks, because there
is no proper place to keep them in. The whole
world knows that the court-house in the city of
New York has been recently burned down, and
that in the city of Boston the courts are turned
out of doors, and there is no place whatever for
the sessions of the courts to be held in. I pre-
sume the gentleman from Indiana will not say that
in his State there is this pressing necessity for a
court-house; and I therefore hope that the gentle-
man will not press his amendment in this bili.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Federal courts have
no room at all in the city of Indianapolis. They
hold theirsessions m the Senate Chamber, which
is by no means asuitable buildingfor the purpose.
The supreme court of the State of Indiana occu-
pies rooms, so that at the time said courtis in ses-
sion, these rooms cannot be occupied by the Fed-
eral courts, and there is no suitable building for the
Federal courts in the city of Indianapolis at all.
The Senate Chamber is not fit for the purpose.
And, therefore, it is that I think this is a proper
time to have provision made for the city of In-
dianapolis in this biU.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman what
he would propose to do when the State is divided
into two judicial districts ? Does not the gentle-
man propose to have it so divided ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, I do not proposeit,
and I hope it will not be done. It is not neces-
sary to divide the State of Indiana into two judicial
113
districts. One district does all the business which
Indiana presents. 1 think this is as important a
pomt for budding a Federal court as any other
proposed in the bill.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. If thereare
to be any amendments proposed to this bill, I will
aUo piopose to amend the amendment so as to
have the S:ate of Illinois come in for a share of
the benefit, as there is great need for thv erection
of a Federal court theie. But I am willing that
this bill should go through as it is. However, ii
amendments aie to be introduced, it is but fair
that we should all have an opportunity of amend-
in0*. ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am certain the gentle-
man from Illinois does not propose to embarrass
my amendment. I ask him if the business men
of ins State have instructed him to piesent that
proposition J
Mr. WASLIBURNE. I would state, in reply
to the gentleman from Indiana, that my instruc-
tions are—the public good of my own State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am instructed to pre-
sent the proposition i have offered by all the peo-
ple of the State of Indiana interested in such
business. That is my apology for asking the
adoption of this amendment m the bill. The
cities of Philadelphia, and Boston, and New York
are much better able to provide buildings for the
Federal courts than the city of Indianapolis is.
I think, therefore, that my amendment ahould be
adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Hlndrick's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently lead a third time, and passed.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the title
so as to correspond with the amendment adopted.
I move that the title be as follows:
Bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States in the districts of Mas-
sachusetts, Pennsylvania, and New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agteed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take fiom the Speaker's table a
Senate bill, (No. 227,) for the purpose oi having
it referred to a standing committee.
No objection being made, Senate bdl (No. 227)
" to authorize the extension and completion of
the Treasury buildings, and also the construction
of a building for the War and Navy and Interior
Departments," was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pubiic Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. OLDS. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the further consideration of the bill " to
amend the act entitled an act to amend an act en-
, titled an act to reduce and modify the rates of
postage of the United States,5" passed August 30,
1852. The pending motion is to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union; and upon that question the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. EligtJ has the floor,
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will yield me the floor a moment, I wish to
give notice to the House thatit is my intention to
report to-morrow the post route bill, and I take
this occasion to express a wish that those gentle-
men who have post routes m which they are in-
terested, and which they desire to have inserted in
the bill, will to-day go to the committee room and j
see that they are in, and in correctly, too; for it i
not unfrequently happens that the names of places
are spelled wrong.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. EDMAND3, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported the
following bills; which were read a first and second
time by their respective titles, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
An act for the relief of George J. Rallston;
An act for the relief of Joseph McMmn; and.
An act for the relief of Asa Leach.
MAIL ilETWEEN CALIFORNIA AND CHINA.
| Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous
i consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
| table, foi the purpose of having it referred to a
| committee, a Senate bill in reference to steam
| communication between the Pacific coast and
I China.
No objection being made, Senate bill (No. 411)
entitled <%An act to establish a line of steamships
between San Francisco, and Shanghai, in China,
touching at the Sand wich Islands and Japan," was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. McDOUGALL also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, requesting a
weekly mail service between the Atlantic coast and
San Francisco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RATES OF POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, who was enti-
tled to the floor, said: I have but a few words that
I desire to add. Indeed I should not have entered
into the discussion, but that the interests of my
own State seemed so deeply involved that I feared
it might betoken a remissness which does not by
any means exist, if her voice were not heard at
all. But 1 have heard that a friend and colleague
from Massachusetts [Mr. Walley] designed to
speak—so that it may be that, if my time had been
more silently spent, it would have been more
usefully passed.
But this is my argument: The bill, in order to
be effectual, must double to the reader of mailed
printed matter the post office charge. That would
be, m cffect, a tax upon the means of education,
and upon intelligence, and would operate as a hin-
drance to the mental growth of the people. If the
bill did not so operate, it would be because the
printed matter now subject to charge would be dis-
tributed through other channels than the mail. In
j j that case the bill itself would be of no benefit to the
11 Department; so that to benefit the Department it
'j must injure the people!
I| Such legislation is unwise, unless imperatively
j I demanded by the poverty of the Government.
!, That is not the fact at this time. Nor do the ar-
• ! guments advanced in support of the bill show a
j1 nghtful necessity for such legislative action. The
idea that, at this time, our Post Office establish-
1! mentshould sustain itself, is altogether erroneous,
II There are too many expensive post routes estab-
f lished, and too much free matter mailed, and too
heavy ocean contracts entered into, to make it
ij practicable, without such addition to our postage
ji as would be intolerable. But if the theory were
ij well founded, time enough has not elapsed since
■I the reduction of postages to enable any one to say
!; that, as a permanent establishment, it will not be
self-supported.
l| Nor is it possible to pass a law by which they
jj who use the office shall pay for the benefits of the
:j office, and be just to the several States, without
il establishing different rates of charge in di fie rent
|| sections of country, which no man who regards
j [ the Union would advocate, And the argument
proves too much. The .same kind of argument
might be used against the erection of a custom-
house at a port of entry, because that port of en-
try did not pay duties enough to defray the ex-
pense. The true theory, so long as one postal
Nl
