1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
085
The SPEAKER. The mistake wil! be cor-
rected. Further debate is not in order. The
question now recurs upon the motion made by the
gfcntieman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it wil!
be in older now to speak upon this bill generally.
I desire to call the attention of the House 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is obliged to in-
terrupt the gentleman, as debate is not in order;
the catl for the previous question having been
called and sustained by the House.
Mr. SMITH. Then the question comes up
upon the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
already been ordeied to be now put. 1 he previous
question as demanded by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia himself, [Mr. Smith,] sustained by the
House, and the main question ordered to be put,
first applies to the motion to commit. The House
wi'l then be brought to vote upon the pending
amendment, and next upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. All further
amendment, as well as debate, is cut £(f by the
previous question.
Mr. COBB. Is my motion cut off too ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. 1 am sure the House did not so
undeistand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman must have been out of the House when
the Chair explained that matter. The Chair rose,
in order that there might be no mistake m regatd
to the course of proceeding upon the bill, and
stated in reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that two amendments dif-
fering in their character so widely as did the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and that of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] could not be entertained at the
same time.
Mr. COBB. I will make an explanation when
the Chair is through.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated distinctly
that he could entertain but one motion at a time,
and did not entertain the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. Will it not be in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was sustained, so as to enable me to get
my amendment in?
The SPEAKER. That can be done.
Mr. COBB. I am satisfied that there are not
three members of this House who are opposed to
my amendment; and therefore I will move, at the
proper time, to reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was sustained.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Jones; and it was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. 1 now ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to introduce the amend-
ment winch I befote offered.
[Several Members. I object.]
Mr. COBB. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which, the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. Ci-INGMAN. If that be reconsidered,
then we shall have to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jo.vesJ was adopted, and the vote upon the
motion to commit to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. For what reason, and upon
what principle?
Mr." CLINGMAN. We shall have to recon-
sider the successive votes which have been taken
in order to get back to that vote.
The SPEAKER. Wherefore?
Mr. 0L1NGMAN. If we are to go back of
the vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded, we must go through all the intermediate
steps; we must reconsider all the votes that have
been taken since the previous question was sec-
onded. . .
The SPEAKER. The votes to which tne gen-
tleman refers were legitimate and proper, wljethei
the previous question was operating or not, ana aie
conclusive in their nature. The House have de-
termined that they will not commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the^tate of the Limon,
and by another vote they have determined that
they will adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee,leaving the previous question op-
erating alone upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time; and it is necessary to recon-
sider the votes by which the main question was
ordered to be put,.and by which the previous
question was seconded atone, to make the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama in order;
but  
Mr. COBB. 1 ask for the vote upon the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. ROBBINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and the gentleman from Alabama will
allow the Chair to say, that unless better order is
preserved in debate, it will be impossible to trans-
act any business understandingly. The Chair
could not hear one word that either thegentleman
from Alabama or the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia said.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
recommit this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means at this.time?
The SPEAKER. Not while the previous ques-
tion is resting upon the bill. That cuts off all
motions to commit or to amend. The question
pending is upon a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the vote was recon-
sidered.
Mr. COBB. I now submit my amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order now to
submit any motion to amend, the previous ques-
tion having been seconded.
Mr. COBB. Is it necessary to reconsider that,
too ?
The SPEAKER. It is necessary to reconsider
the vote by which the piewous question was
j seconded, before any motion can be entertained.
Unless that be done, under the rule the question
| must be now put upon ordering the main question
j to be now put.
I Mr. COBB. I then submit the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the previous question
was seconded.
The question was taken; and the vote was re-
considered.
Mr. COBB. 1 now submit the amendment
which I have befoie indicated, and, as I presume
it is the wish of the House, I move the previous
question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair, for it is impossible to under-
stand what has been done and what has not. I
wish to inquire whether the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has been
reported at the Clerk's desk, and whether the
House has adopted it without ever hearing it read ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment was re-
ported to the House.
Mr. TAYLOR. I did not hear it at all. If it
was reported, there was so much noise that it was
impossible to hear it. I submit that it is impos-
sible for us to get on understandingly in transact-
ing any business while the House is in such a
state of confusion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair states to the gen-
tleman, that the amendment of the gentleman (10m
Tennessee was reported twice at the Clerk's desk,
and adopted by the House.
Mr. SAGE. I wish to inquire whether it will
be in order, after the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama shall have been disposed of, to
offer the amendment which I have before indi-
^The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman would not be m order as an independent
proposition. The Chair stated to the gentleman
that it could not be received as an independent
proposition; it would only be in order as an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SAGE. Can I offer it as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama offered his amendment, and demanded the
previous question.
Should the House second the
previous question, and orderthe main^ question
: to be put, as a matter of course it wouid cut olt
all motions to amend or to commit from being
made. . . ,
; Mr. SAGE. I ask that my proposition may be
| re Mr. KERR. I desire also to hear the amend-
' ment of the gentleman from Alabama.
1 The proposition of Mr. Pace was then read
! for infoimauon, as follows:
I Sec. 5- Ani beit farther enacted, That the compensa-
tion given to thoclerks and employees in the navy-yard at
Brooklyn, New York, bp-increased twenty per cont.; and
that said increase commence on the 1st day of July, 1853.
Mr. LETCHER, is it in order now to submit
a motion that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. J twill not. The gentleman
from Alabama has submitted an amendment on
which he calls for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. That being now understood I shall
resume my seat.
Mr. DEAN. Before the call for the previous
question is seconded, I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
it is in order to move that the further consideration •
of the bill be postponed to a day certain.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, and it will
not be until the call for the previous question is
voted down.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the gentleman from Alabama has called
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has called for the previous question, and all
motions and debate are now out of order.
Mr. WASfiBURNE. I hope that the call for
the previous question will be seconded^
The question was put; and there were, on a
division—ayes 60 
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Pratt, were appointed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative, the tellers having reported—ayes
78, noes 52.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. PRATT I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. WHEELER. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 84; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Appletmi. Ball, Carry, Bcleher, Bugg,
Cu-kM', Ctnitfinan, Cobb, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Oullom,
John G. Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Drum, IWgerton,
Elh'-on, linglifch, Fuller, Goode, Grey, Grow, Hamilton,
A nuii Harlan, Samp-on W. Hams, Hastings, Haven, liib-
bard, Inc^rxoll, Daniel T. Jones, Geogre W. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kuiredu'H, Letcher, Maurice, Middleswarth, Mor-
gan. Munav, I'aikei, Peck, Phillips, Pratt, Puryeav, David
!iitchie,Rurtin, Sage, Seymour. Skelton, George W. >Smyth,
John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Vail, VIalley,
Wheeler, and Zolheoffer—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, David J- Bailey, Barks-dale,
maiuN. Kdmnndion, Thomas D. lihot, John M. Elltoll,
Ktheiidse, Fiulev, Faulkner, denton, Florence, (Jiddings,
Gieonwood, Aiuhow J. Harlan, Wiley P. Harris-, fUnison,
Henn, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, j. GSancy Jones, Kent, kerr,
Kurt/., Latham, Lindiev, Lind-ley, McDoukuU, MeNair,
Maco, Macy, Mayall, Smith Miller, Olds, Phelps, I owell,
Prmsle, ThomasRitchoy, Robbing, RogurVSapp, b«wanl,
Shannon, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. feinith, Wil-
liam 11. Smith, Snodgraw, Richard Stanton, IJefciorL.
Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John L. TTay,0r'^].nnSo"' T
ham, Variant. Wade, WaU>ud<;e, Warren,Kilihu B. \\ ash-
burno, Kiael Washburn, John Wentworth, 1 appan Wcut-
worth, and Yates—b4.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
'a The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move to reconsider the vote
bv which the bill was ordered to beengrossed and
read a third time, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table. .
Mr. PRATT. I desire to know if it is not m
order to consider the amendment oflered by^ tne
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] -now r,
Mr. SAGE. Did i understand the Chair to
say that the previous question cut off my amend-
"^The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated dis-
tmctlv at the time. - .
Mr SAGE. Would a motion to reconsider
enable me to offer that amendment now ?
Mr ROBBINS. My motion is not debatable.
Mr' SAGE. If it would, I desire to move to
reconsider. „ , .
The SPEAKER., if the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbins] to lay bis
motion to reconsider on the table shall fall, and
his motion to reconsider shall prevail, the bill
will then be again open for amendment or com-
