226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
far as he was concerned. I believe they designed
to go near the residence of Archbishop Purcell, of
Cincinnati, and there, perhaps, give him and the
new-comer a serenade. But, sir, gentlemen have
spoken about domestic feeling, and the policy of
different sections of the country. If we look at
the report of matters in Cincinnati, we find that
the municipal authorities there were watching with
vigilance, with a lynx-eye, every movement; and
before there was any opportunity, before there was
any demonstration of roughness and ill-trpatment,
or bad usage, they were on the ground in num-
bers, and suppressed it; and so anxious were thtfy,
to prevent an outbreak and violation of the law,
that they themselves violated the law, and they
trampled upon the rights of the people who as-
sembled together. It is true that the police, in
endeavoring to protect this man, c|jd trample upon
the rights of those who were supposed to be riot-
ers.
The remark which the Senator from Mississippi
made is true, that so far as our own people are
concerned, not one native-born American was en-
gaged in that riot. Those engaged in it were all
foreigners. They came here with the passions of
the old country rankling in their breasts, and with
the idea that this man had been the cause of sacri-
ficing and wantonly shedding human blood. It
would seem, then, to be quite natural, that when
they came to a land of liberty they should have a
burning desire, if they could, without force, to
express peaceably their hatred and condemnation-
of such conduct in their own country; and it
turned out that they had no intention of violence;
and the only violence which took place was on the
part of an over-vigilant police in the city of Cin-
cinnati.
Now, sir, it seems to me that, after all, more
consequence has been given to this matter than
need be, and more, 1 think, than the gentleman
himself legards it as worthy of; for he expressly
said that it was a small matter, that he was de-
lighted with the whole country, and should have
a fine report to make when he went back. lie
did say, in his own broken English, that he sup-
posed the Fioly Father might possibly be a little
displeased on hearing of it, but that it amounted
to nothing, and there was nothing at all of it the
next day.
But, so far as the passage of this resolution is con-
cerned, I think itought to be adopted. Tiie Pope
never lias had a resident Minister or accredited
agent here. If he desires to have here, as we have
had at Rome, an accredited representative, a charge
d\tj)\drcst and if lie desiies a closer political inti-
macy with ub, we ought, by all means, to encour-
age it; and it is proper that the Senate and the
country should know it. I doubt not the whole
country will hail it with joy and acclamation; that
not only the Papal States of Italy, but that all coun-
tries where civilization is known,desire to be united
to us by bonds of diplomacy. The country will re-
joice to know that they desire to extend their rela-
tions with us by sending embassadors or any other
grade of ministers which they may see fit. It is
our policy to encourage such a course of conduct
on their part, and, above all, sir, it seems to me that
we should welcome a representative from that once
mighty country which was both empire and re-
public ut different times, and the greatest in the
world at one time.
I cordially concur in the sentiment, that if any-
thing is necessary to be done in order to protect
this gentleman, or any other who shall come in
his character of a secular representative, we ought
to know the deficiency of our laws, and act
promptly in enforcing them. And vet I am not
willing to say that anything has thus far been done
which can justly attach odium or disgrace to the
country; or to its native-born citizens; or to the
General Government; oi the municipal authorities
of the various States. Everywhere, and on all
occasions, the municipal authorities have endeav-
ored to keep the peace, and have immediately
quelled the disturbances.
Mr. WJKLLER. Mr. President, I believe that
ever since the arrival in this country of the dis-
tinguished personage who has been the subject of
this debate, the public mind has been more or
less excited in particular localities. This, I think,
was very natuial. There are a great many Ger-
mans, and a great many Italians in this country,
who were connected with the revolutionary move-
men s in Europe of 1848. They unquestionably
believe—whether correctly or not I do not now
stop to inquire—that this distinguished personage
was connected with the revolution of 1848 as one
of their chief oppressors—that he had a direct
agency in defeating the movements which were
then on foot to emancipate their native country
from the iron yokeof despotism.
Sir, I know of no person of any note who would,
in any shape or form, give encouragement to an
unlawful assemblage for the purpose of commit-
ting violence, either upon a foreigner or one of our
own countrymen; but when the people of this
country, who claim to be the sovereigns, choose
to assemble together for the purpose of expressing
their deliberate opinion, or for the purpose of ex-
pressing their sympathies in regard to any man, J
whether a foreigner or a citizen, they have an un- i
questionable right to do so. I did not hear until '
this morning that any personal violence had been i
attempted upon this distinguished gentleman; that !
I neither seek to justify nor palliate. The assem-
blage that took place in the city of Cincinnati was
such a one as very often takes place in this coun-
try. When the people see proper peaceably to
assemble together to express their opinion of one
whom they regarded as a blood-thirsty tyrant and
murderer—as one who had sought to oppress their
countrymen, and as one who had wrested from
their hands the invaluable prize of liberty for
which they were struggling, they have an unques-
tioned right to do so. While there is power suf-
ficient in this Government to protect the pet son i
and property from violence, there is no power to
stifle public opinion—there is no power, and I j
trust in God there never will be, to prevent the I
people from a free expression of their sentiments. 1
Sir, I doubt not that any person could travel, as j
the Senator says, whether he be a tyrant or not, !
through the State of Georgia, without producing |
any excitement. There are very few Italians, :
very few Germans in that section of the country; |
but in the West, in the city of Cincinnati, for in-
stance, as well as in the city of New York, there ,
is a large number of foreigners, both Italians !
and Germans. There is an excitable population j
there; and whenever a man comes among them j
whom they may have known at home as a tyrant ;
or an oppressor, who can deny to them the right
of peaceably assembling together and expressing
their opinions of his conduct? This was an at-
tempt on their part, if you choose, to get up a pub-
lic opinion with regard to this individual. How
is it to be counteracted ? The Senate of the United
States is called on this morning to manufacture a
Eublic sentiment against the opinions which have
een expressed by these assemblages. It was
scarcely necessary that my learned friend from
Michigan should come in here and ask Senators to
say that they were opposed to violence. It was
scarcely necessary that we should be called upon
seriously and soberly, here in the face of the
American nation, to say that we had some respect
for the rights of a foreigner when he comes among
us. It was scarcely pecessary for us to say that
in this country none of us approve of that wild
spirit of mobocracy which now and then over-
spreads particular localities. It was scarcely ne-
cessary that a resolution should have been infro- ,
duced for these purposes; for however much of
disaffection there may exist in particular quarters
of the Union at certain times, the great body of,
the American people can see no hope for their hap- j
pmcss, no hope for their safety, eithei in person i
or property, except in the maintenance of the1
laws. And if there be any pnncipledeeperseated ;
in the American heart than any other, it is a de- ;
termination to make this a Government of law—a
Government of oider—where the rights of the!
lowest as well as the highest are amply protected. !
Now, Mr. President, it is a very great mistake
to suppose that this gentleman is without remedy. j
It is a very great mistake to suppose that he has !
nothing here in America to lely upon except pub- |
lie sentiment. But, sir, I must say that if he were |
guilty of the crimes which are charged against j
him—and I do not pretend to express any opinion i
on that subject, for of this I know nothing—if he j
were guilty of even one half the crimes that have I
been charged by his countrymen against him, the ]
people were right in expressing their opinions i
peaceably and decidedly against him. [Applause i
in the galleries.] j
Mr. MASON. I call to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart i
in the chair.) The galleries must kept in order,
orlhey will be cleared at once.
Mr. WELLER. There is no one, I trust, who
would sanction or approve of an act of violence.
Whether this gentleman comes here in a political
or a religious capacity, he comes as a* distin-
guished foreigner. He is entitled to protection in
his person and property. But, at the same time,
you must concede to the American people the
right of expressing their opinions about his con-
duct, either past or present; and therefore it is that
1 say that before I shall be prepared to assert that
the people were wrong in assembling together and
expressing their- indignation—before I shall be
prepared to pass upon that question at all, I must
examine into the truth of the charges which have
been made against him by his countrymen who
-were connected with the revolution of 1848. Be-
fore I shall be prepared to pass judgment of cen-
sure upon them, t must determine the question
whether he be a bioody tyrant or not. I have al-
ready confessed that I am not sufficiently familiar
with the history of that revolution to pass judg-
ment upon this question. That a large portion of
his countrymen now among us believe that he
was guilty of the most atrocious acts of inhu-
manity, I have no doubt. Under the excitement
very naturally produced by this belief, they have
expressed their feelings with great warmth. In
the city of Cincinnati I am sure' the evidence
abundantly establishes toe >act that they intended
no personal violence to the Nuncio \ or the Arch-
bishop, whose guest he was. No one in that
section occupies a higher place in the affections of
the people than the Archbishop—no one ranks
higher as a Christian and gentleman. Their only
object seems^jo have been to express in an im-
pressive manner (but without violence) their dis-
approbation of the past conduct of the Nuncio.
Sir, there was, in my judgment, no necessity
whatever for this discussion. The Federal Gov-
ernment has provided ample remedy for any out-
rages which may be committed against him, if he
comes here in a political character. The President
of the United States undoubtedly knows whether
he comes here in a public or political character or
not. If he comes here in a political character, he
is amply protected by the laws which have already
been enacted by the Congress of the United States.
Upon the 30th of April, 1790, at the very begin-
ning of this Government, it seems that Congress
was careful to guard and protect the rights of
foreign embassadors, and ministers, and other
public officers who might see proper to visit the
country. Among the very first acts of the first
Congress that convened under the Federal Consti-
tution, an ample remedy was provided for any
outrage that has been or may be committed upon
this Nuncio, if he be a political character. What
is that remedy? That act provides:
"Sec. 28. Jhid be it further enacted, Tliat if any person
shall violate; any safe conduct or passport, duly obtained
and under ibe aiithontv of the United State?, or biiall
assault, stiike, wound, impnson, or in any other manner
infract the law of nation*, by offering violence lo the per-
son of an eniba=pador, <>r other public minister, such person
so ofli'inhnjr, on conviction, shall be imprisoned not exceed-
ing three years, and lined at the discretion of the court."
This is an act of Congress, a law of the land
now; and if this gentleman be a political charac-
ter, if he comes here as an embassador, or as a
minister, or as the Senator from Virginia says,
"the guest of the nation," all the Presidenthas to
do is to instruct the district attorney in the State
of Maryland to institute criminal proceedings
against those who have been guilty of this act. If
he comes here as a public minister, the violence
offered to his person at Baltimore is a direct viola-
tion of this act, and I hope they will be prosecuted
and punished Wherefore then the necessity of
having the question brought in here? If he is a
private individual he must rely upon the laws of
the State for his protection. The Federal Govern-
ment cannot interpose. The same law which pro-
tects my person and property must protect him.
I desire to be understood properly above all
things. What I have said to-day is not to be un-
derstood as encouraging in the slightest degree a
resort to violence in any case. No Senator here
more strongly disapproves of that wild spirit
which sometimes induces the people to take the
law into their own hands, and apply their own
remedies. I know of no case, I can imagine of
no case, which would justify a subversion of the
law—this must be maintained, or else there isanend
