936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
mitment, provided the House chooses to relieve
itself from the operation of the previous question.
The motion now pending is to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WHEELER. On that question 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 83, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, ISarksdale,
Bel), Bennett, Benson, Benton, BisselJ, Bliss, Boyee,
Bridges, Carpenter, Chandler, Chrisman, Clark, Colquitt,
Cook, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dunbar, Eastman,
Eddy, Edtmmdson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Etheridge, Farley, Faulkner, Fonton, Florence, Giddmga,
Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley i\ Ilariis, Harrit-on,
ilenn, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
Kurtz, Latham, Lindley, LiruUley, MeDou^aU, McNair,
Mace, Mticy, Mayall, tfmith Miller, Olds, I'Ik-Ii^, Powell,
Thomas Riteiiey, llobimis, Rogers, tfapp, Sew.ird, Shan-
non. Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Hinith, ilichard U. rftanton, lienor L. St<*v« n>, Andrew '
Siuart, John L. Ta>Jor, Tliur^ioii, Upham, Vaur-aui, Wade,
Walhridtfo, Wanen, Elhhu B. Wa-shbutne, fMael Wa-li- >
binn, John Wentwoith, Tappan Wentwortli, Witte, and 1
83. I
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Barry, Belcher, Bu«?2, Ca^kie, !
Clingman, Cobb, Corwtn, Co\, (Jioeker, Cullom. John G. .
l)avi>, Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Drum, Hdgeiton, Edm.uuls, ,
Ellison, English, Goode, Grey, Hamilton, Aaion l>,til.m, i
Sampson W. Harris, Hasting, Haven, Hihbard, Ilie.-ter, j
Inger-^oll, Daniel T. Jone*>, lieorge \V. Jones, Roland Jones, !
Kittredye, Knox, Letchor, Maurice, MidUhMvvurth, Morgan, !
Murray, Barker, I't'di, I'lnilips Pratt, 1'rnigle, i'ntye.u, |
David Ritchie, Ratlin, ^agc, Pevmonr, Slielion, <ieor«e i
\V. Smyth, Simd^ra^s, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel Tay-
lor, Tracy, Vail, VValJey, Wheeler, and /.nllieoffer—61). I
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the '
table. i
Mr. PRATT. I move that the House resolve j
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state !
of the Union. !
Mr. ROBBINS. I move the previous question |
upon the passive of the bill. j
Mr. I'ltATT. Is not my motion entitled to j
precedence? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recognize j
tlie gentleman from Connecticut, [Mi. Pratt.] |
Mr. PRATT. I now make the motion thatthe ;
House resolve itself into the Committee of the ;
Whole on the state of tlie Union. I
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I de- !
imand the yeas and nays. !
The yeas and nays were not ordered. ;
Mr. 1NGERSOLL demanded tellers upon the ;
yeas and nays. j
Tellers weie not ordered. \
The question was then taken upon Mr. Pratt's
moiion; and, a division being had,tiiere were— .
ayes 51, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. The motion is lost,
Mr. PRATT. 1 now move that the House :
adjourn, and upon that motion I call the yeas and |
nays. i
The yeas and nays were not oidered. i
The question was then taken on Mr. Puvrr's ,
motion; and the House refused to adjourn. j
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
seconding the demand for the previous question i
nporv the passage of the bill. •
The previous question was then seconded, and i
the mam question oidered to be put. j
Mr. WH EELER demanded the yeas and nays |
upon the passage of the bill; which were oidered.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is it m order to mtro- j
duce an amendment now ? j
The SPEAKER. It is not; no amendment is !
in order, no motion is in order, and no speech is !
in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not want to make a
speech. j
The question was then taken; and there were—
yens 77, nays G5; as follows:
YEAS—Mo-r. . Aiken, David J. bailey, Ball, Harks-
daie, Hell, IWi-on, Kenton, Bismol!, HIi-jv, Bojee, Hrjdye^,
Carpcntci, Chandler. Ohris'mnn, CJuirehwelf. Clark, Col-
qaiu.Cook,Curtn, Dawson, Dunbar, Kaufman, Eddy, Kd-
irmnd-ori, Thomas 1). Eliot, John M. Ellmtt, Eilierid^',
Farley. Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, fiieenwood, \n<iri\v
J. HarlanAVilt-yP. Harris, Mammon, Henn, Howe, H wiles,
Uuiit, J. Glaneey Juuev, Kent, Klutz, f^itiirim, Lnidlev, 1
LuuHey, McK.tir, Maee, Mncy, .Mavali, Smnli Millei,
Olds, fVekham, Powell, Thomas Ititcliev, Robbing Rog-
ers, Sap|K Shannon. Shower, Oernt Smith, Samuel V.
Smith, William R. ^mnb, Snodura-. Iheharc! H. Si.mton,
IFestor L Stevens, Andrew Stuart, Joim L T:i\ lor, TIium-
ton, X-'pham, Variant, Wade, Wanen, Eliihu 15.' Wa^h-
btirn<\ J-ra< I Washburn. John Wentwoith, and Yates—77
NAYS—Mes-r<. Applet..n, Haiiv, Htd.-her, Bennett' '
R <-'a-k ie, Chngmau. Cobb, Coi u in. Cox. Ci oeker <'ui!.
loin, John G. Da\js, Deon, J)ent. Oiekjii-on. Di um Ed<'er- '
ton, Edmamis, Kill,on, Enjilu-h. Goode, Grey, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris. Haven, hiester,
IngCisoil, D-mid T. Jo:>e>, (Jeorg« W. Jones, Kiltredge,
Knox, Letcher, Mamiee, .Midtlie&warih, Moi^an, Munay,
Parker, Peck, Phdp-, Phillips, Pratt, Pintle, Puryear,
Richardson, David Ritchie, Rufnn, tia?e, Sewaid, Sey-
mour, Sk-ilton, Geo'ge W. Smyth, Strauon, John J ^ 'bay-
lor, Ndtlnmi' I G. Tajlo>, Tracy, Vail, Walbndgc, \"\ alluy>
Wheeler, Witte, and Zoiheoiler—Go.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move to rcconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. ROBBINS. I call the previous question
upon the adoption of the title of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the title adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve lt&elf into
the Committee of the Whole oil the slate of the
Union.
STATE OF OREGON.
Mr. LANE, of Otegon. I ask the gentleman
from CoiineeUeutto withdraw his motion,to allow
me to introduce a bill, of which previous notice
has been given, for the purpose ot having it re-
fei i cd.
Mr. PRATT. I prefer to inMst upon my mo-
tion.
Mr. LANE. 1 hope the gentleman will allow
me to mtioduce the bill. The time is drawing
near when the Liouse has made temtonal busi-
ness thespcciul oidei,aml it is important thatthis
bill should be acted on.
Mr. PRATT, if no other gentleman objects
1 will not.
Tbeie beini.? no objection,
Mr. LAN E mtioduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been i^iven, which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and oidered to be
punted:
A bill to enable the people of Oregon Territory
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of said State into the Union.
Mr. JOjNES, of Tenneftsce. 1 would suggest
that* it is not customary to print bills until they
have been reported by a committee.
Mr. LANE. My reason for having the print-
ing ordered now, was, that the time which is to
elapse before the terruoual business is to come up
foi consideration is wo short, that I feared it would
not be printed m time if 1 waited until the committee
leported upon it.
Mr. JONES. I would suggest, then, that the
bill be lefeued immediately to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LANE. I would prefer that it should go
to the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAK Elt. The Chair stated that the
bill was referred to the Committee on Temfones,
and ordered to be printed. Debate is not there-
fore m order.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, then I will only say
that it is contrary to the usual custom of the
House.
Mr. PRATT. I now tisk for a vote upon my
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state ot the Union.
Air. OLDS. 1 appeal to the gentleman to al-
low me to report a bill. I wii! state that i expect
to leave the city in the morning.
Mr. PRATT. I would withdraw the motion
if 1 could do so consistently; but if 1 give way for
the committees to report, 1 do not know where it
would end.
Mr. CODB. This is the business legitimately
befoie the House during the morning hour, which
has not yet expired. 1 hope the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union will be voted down, and that we shall go
on with the call of the committees for reports.
The question was put upon the motion to go
into committee; and, upon a dn ision, there were—
ayes 59, noes 4!); no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Vail, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 67,
noes 52.
WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of New York, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee for consideration, is on the amendments
of the Senate to the West Point Military Academy
appropriation bill. Under the order of the House,
debate will close in five minutes after the com-
mittee resumed its session.
Mr. HAVEN. The report of the Committee
of Ways and Means was for non-concurrence m
three of the Senate amendments. The vote svdl
be taken on the separate propositions, I suppose.
The first one is in reference to the appropriation,
for the repairs and additions to professors'quar-
ters, of $5,000. Debate is closed, and 1 presume
every member has made up his mind on the ap-
propriation. Therefoie, i hope that the vote wdl
be at once taken on it.
The Clerk then reported the first amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
I'or repair- and additions to professor' quaitu!*, ^5,001).
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
fi om the Senate proposes to appropriate $5,000
for repairs and additions to the officers'quarters
at the Military Academy. We have no estimates,
no plan of what additions they intend to make to
those quarters. Under this provision, if it is
passed into a law, they may commence houses
there, in addition to "the officeix' quarters, which
will involve an expenditure of fifty or a hundred
thousand dollais, or perhaps half a mJhon of
dollars.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. What amendment
does the gentleman from Tennessee propose?
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the word
u additions.31 T hope that none of the Senate's
amendment will be entertained, and particularly
not that part of it which authorizes them to make
additions to those quarters, until they shall sub-
mit some estimates and some plan, and give us
some reason why additions to these quarters are
needed; why is it that the quarters are not as well
adapted now for the accommodation of the officers
as they have been m past years? We are acting
upon this amendment entirely in the dark, with-
out limitation, without restriction, without plan,
and without reason.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to say a few
words in opposition to the amendment proposed
i by the gentleman from Tennessee, not that I do
I not concur in much that he says, but 1 wish to
: submit a few remarks in regard to the proposition
of the Committee of Ways and Means to strike
out all these amendments of the Senate.
1 understand the gentleman from Tennessee,
who is one of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to state they have no information, no report, no esti-
mates showing the necessity of these appropria-
tions. Well, now, I am unable to lay my hands
immediately on the report of the visitors to the
West Point Academy, a board recognized by
i Congress, and for which we make an annual ap-
■ propnation of about $3,000; but my impression
,1 is, that that board, composed of highly intelligent
II gentlemen from all parts of the United States.
;j have recommended each and all of these amend-
ments. I may be wiongmthis, but I know that
'I they have recommended to Congress seveial im-
portant refonns and impiovemeius m this West
j' Point Military Academy, which 1 believe are re-
i, quired by the public necessity, and are for the in-
. teres! of the institution and of the whole country.
[! if it was in order, I would move to refer this
11 bill to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
\ instructions to inquire particularly with regard to
' the necessity of these amendments, and some
, other reforms which I think are highly needed in
that institution.
I- Sir, I am the friend of the institution. I wish
to see it prosper; because I think that history, and
! the history of many of those educated there,
shows the necessity of it for this gieat country.
But I would reform abuses; I would make im-
provements; I would not withheld the smaH sum
■ of five, or even twenty thousand dollars, if needed,
■ ' to improve the institution.
