1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
It may be necessary that you should make this
appropriation of $5,000 in this bill, in order to
make the quarters of the officers you send there
comfortable, it may be necessary that the $20,000
proposed by the Senate to this bill should be ap-
propriated for a riding school. I believe that we
ought to abolish at once the cavalry tactics at that
institution, or weshould conform,in some degree,
to the experienced judgmentand advice of military
men, who are upon the ground to give us their
advice and counsel. If it is necessary to give in-
structions in cavalry tactics in the institution at
West Point, we should conform our action ac-
cording to the advice of those who know best how
to give it. Perhaps we ought to abolish these in-
structions altogether.
There is another reform which I would intro-
duce, if this matter were referred to the Military
Committee. I would abolish the Board of Visit-
ors, as at present appointed. We at present ap-
propriate $3,000 a year to send ten or fifteen gen-
tlemen fiom all parts of the United States to West
Point.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The general principles of the
Academy at West Point are not under discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I can only say that I desire to
confine myself to the section under consideration.
If the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
would confine his remarks only to questions m
order, he would make very few speeches indeed.
He is scarcely ever in order. I wish to say a
single word more without detaining the House  
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair to decide the
question of order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think that the Committee
on Military Affairs in the Senate and House 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAGE. Is debate exhausted upon the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment to the amendment. The question
now comes up on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is
upon concurring with the Senate amendment,
which reads as follows:
For repairs and additions to professors' quarters, §5,000.
Mr. SAGE. I propose to add "one dollar"
to the amount.
As was intimated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor,] all these appropriations have been
recommended by the Board of Visitors at West
Point. If Congress are to make annual appropri-
ations of the amount which has been made for a
few years past for the support of this institution,
1 deem it good policy to make the appropriation
the least possible. This institution at West Point
is supported at an annual cost of about $130,000.
We appoint a Board of Visitors to go there, at-
tend to the details, and look after the affaus of the
institution. We should either abolish entirely
this Board of Visitors that we send there from all
parts of the country, or weshould certainly make
the appropriations asked for. And amongst these"
appropriations I believe the one which was so
much ridiculed by the gentleman from Missouu,
[Mr. Benton,] the other day, should receive the
careful consideration of this House, and be acted
upon. I refer to the appropriation which provides
for cavalry exercise 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The hippodrome.
Mr. SAGE. Here is an expenditure proposed
for this Academy, of§130,000. The Board of Vis-
itors, as I before stated, is composed of gentlemen
from all parts of the United States, and their report
of last year recommends this appropriation for
the riding hall, and here we are disregarding that
recommendation, and no allusion is made to it ex-
cept by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,]
who just preceded me. I think we should be pre-
pared to act much more understanding^ upon this
whole subject, if gentlemen who have not read this
report would do so. It is an important document,
and I ask that it may be read at the Clerk s desk,
that ali may see what the whole report is.
The report was read, as follows:
it The revised regulations for the United States Mili-
taiv Academy require tliat instruction shall be given in cav-
alry tactics. " To carry out tins lequirctnerit, we are all of
us entirely satisfied that a new buildm? should be crected
without delay. A decent regard for safety to the lives and
limbs of the cadets requires this, a«s well as thpir ■successful
progress in this? branch of instruction. It is the opinion ot
the Superintendent, that the course of equitation cannot he
property taught witbput it, and that the 100111 now usrd tor
the pui pose is extremely dangerous to the lives and hinbs
of the cadets.
It is estimated that, in addition to the amount before
appropriated, ($-2,001),) the sum of $21,197 will he required
for this object.
"2d. The cadet's hospital should be enlarged and im-
proved. A brick front should be built extending to the cen-
ter, flush with the from of the wmgs, to connect the wards
witii the additional *pace so tormed by cutting the present
windows into doors; also, two projections in rear, equal
in width to the north and south wards, which shall contain
the staircases, water-closets, and bath rooms; the whole to
be raised one story (ten feet) in addition to the present
height of the building. To accomplish this will require an
appiopnation ot ,-$-6,500.
" 3d. Quarters tor sixteen officers and two families should
be constructed, in the foim of a brick building of two sto-
ries, with a basement with two wings, (one lor cach fam-
ily.) it is estimated that it will require about §28,000 to
accomplish this object.
"■4th. Suitable additions may be made to the quarters of
the professors by an appropriation, in addition to the amount
already appropriated, (#3,000.) of $5,051 35.
"5th. Suitable stables may be erected by an appropriation,
in addition to the amount already appropriated, (^-8,000,)
of $7,491.
" 6th. We are of the opinion that the number of the cadets
should be increased, so «is to correspond with the number
of Senators ot the ITnitPd States, by adding two troin each
State, and that the recommendation* of Senators in each
State should have great weight in selecting the cadets from
their respective States to make up this increased number.
'•7th. We are of the opinion that great care should be tanen
in the selection of cadets; that it«, to be made from among
those who have the highest qualifications—physical, intel-
lectual, and moral.
" 6tn. That the pei lod of instruction should be extended
to five years. This may be accomplished without any ad-
ditional expense to the nation, and with great advantage to
the cadets. They should buquahhed to take and hold with
honor to themselves the highest positions m civil as well as
military hie.
"9th. We are of the opinion that the decisions of the
Academic Hoard, a* to the capacity and conduct ot the ca-
det*, and their qualifications to be admitted and continued
in the academy, .should be considered as tinal and conclu-
sive.
" 10th. We are all of the opinion that the pay of the ca-
det* should be increased, making it at least 'JO per
month; and a very laige majority of the board are of the
opinion that it should be increased to ,^30 per month.
" 11th. We concur in th*- recommendations made by the
13oaid ot ViMtors last year, that the pay of the Superintend-
ent should not be less than $3,000 ; that the pay of the in
structors of French and drawing should be made equal to
that of the principals in other departments; that the prin
cipal mstruetois of practical euguieenng and of artillery,
&c., should be allowed the same compensation as other
principal professors; that the first assistant instructor of
drawing and French should be allowed thesame pay as the
fiist assistant in all the other departments; that all the sec
ondaty mstiuctors and teacher* taken from the Army should
be allowed $10 per month extra pay; and that the fencing
master, who now instructs two clashes, should be allowed
the pay of $900 per annum.
" 12th. It the peiiod ot instiuction should be euended
to five years, we are of the opinion that the study of elocu-
tion, writing, Engh-h composition, history, and the evi-
dences ot Christianity, should make a pait of the course to
be arianged by the Academic Board ; and that the study of
rhetoriG should be postponed to the second year. For ad-
ditional facts and aigumenis in tavor of the measures we
recommend, we refer to the reports of the seveial commit-
tees above named.
" 13th. We concur in the recommendation especially of
the committee on induction, that an appropilation of
$.),0U0 should be made tor the purpose of establishing at
tlti* point u. m-uscum of ai tillcry, and tor the reasons by them
stated."
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say a word to the
committee in opposition to the amendment pro-
: posed by my colleague, [Mr. Sage,] and in support
j of the conclusion to which the Committee of Ways
: and Means have come, which conclusion was a
non-concurrence in the Senate amendment. The
objection, Mr. Chairman, taken by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxes,] it seems to me, is
not met by the gentleman from New York, [Mr
Sage;] nor is it met by the documents which are
before this committee. The objection he makes is
this, that the amendment which is proposed by
the Senate, and to which the Committee of Ways
! and Means were opposed, is indefinite, and points
to nothing certain; and that under the amendment
you may commence the erection of any number
or amount of buildings, of any quality, of any
size, or upon any plan, and without any restric-
tion or control by Congress, and next year come
here and ask means to finish those erections,
without which they will be useless; that you may
commence them as we have bean in the habit of
commencing custom-houses and other public
buildings, upon a deficiency. Yes, sir, begin them
upon adeficiency, nobody is responsible for having
made a plan, a drawing, or an estimate.
Now, sir, all that has been said on this subject
in the documents before us, is to be found in the
letter of Colonel Lee, to General Totten, of Octo-
ber 8, 1853, and in the report of the Board of Vis-
itors, a portion of which has been read by my col-
league, [Mr. Sage.] I will now read what Colonel
Lee says upon the question. He says this, and
this, I believe, is all he does say:
" 1 n my report of last year, the want of quarters for the
officers on duty at the academy, was stated."
That is what he says in reference to quarters
for the officers. He then goes on to say in refer-
ence to the houses for the professors:
"Experience since that time has convinced me of the ad-
vantages of also adding to the houses of the professors. "
This is the proposition which we now have un-
der consideration, in reference to these additions
to the houses of the professors. He says further:
" They are inadequate to the healthful accommodation
of their families, and inferior to those provided at the col-
leges and State institutions. An appropriation of $5,000 is
asked to render them more comfortable."
That is ali that Colonel Lee says upon the sub-
ject. " Experience," says he, " since that time,
has convinced me of iheadvantages of also adding
to the houses of these professors." And the only
reason he gives for asking these additions to be
made to the professors' houses is, that they are
inferior to those provided at the colleges and State
institutions. Why, sir, the same number of
professors are there now as at any former time,
needing the same number of rooms and the same
accommodations now as formerly; there can,
therefore, be no great or urgent necessity for addi-
tional houses, unless you propose to increase the
number of professors, or unless their families are
increased.
Mr. LETCHER I suppose the object is to
make them more genteel.
Mr. HAVEN. That is all Colonel Lee says
upon the subject which 1 can find in the docu-
ment, and, as I before remarked, the only other
official information we have upon the subject is
in the report of the Board of Visitors, of which a
portion has already been read. I wiil now read
all that is said upon the subject of this appropri-
ation in that report:
" 4th. Suitable additions may be made to, the quarters of
the piofessors by an appropriation, in addition to the amount
aiready appropriated, ($!tyW0,) of $-3,051 35."
That is all I find upon the subject in the report
of the Board of Visitors. They say that "suitable
additions may be made."
A sub-committee of the visitors, in their report
to the Board of Visitors, say:
" There has been heretofore appiopriated- the sum of
$3,(Jim foi the improvement and addition to officer&'s quar-
tets. This *um is still subject to the direction of the Su-
perintendent, who has hesitated in us expenditure, for the
reason that it is entirely inadequate to the object had in
view.
" There are seven professors, whose quarters are so
small and restricted, as to render them inconsistent, not
with comfort, but with their absolute wants.
" Many of these gentlemen have families, for whose
comfort their present quarters are entirely too small, leav-
ing them no apartment for study, or for the arrangement of
apparatus books, drawings, cabinets, Stc. From the esti-
mate of the Superintendent, an additional appropriation of
£5,051 35 will be required in order to make such improve-
ments to officers' quarters as are absolutely necessary, and
the committee earnestly recommend that such additional
appropriation be asked for."
There, sir, that is all I can find in the docu-
ments on this subject.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what are we doing here?
What do the Senate propose to do? Why, sir,
they propose to make an appropriation that will
allow the commencement, of buildings for which
we have no plans, and for which we have no esti-
mates, and of which we know nothing that a pru-
dent man should know. No one who is respoiv
sible in any degree to this Government, in the
premises, has pointed out to us the necessity of
this appropriation beyond what I have read, nor
has any one given us any estimates of the amount
which will be required to complete these houses;
and if this amendment is passed, and becomes a
! law, they may lay the foundations of a row of
houses that we shall be asked for appropriation
after appropriation for years to come to complete.
Now, in reference to the Board of Visitors. I
have no desire or occasion to attack them. There
may be much m the suggestion made by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mi. Benton,] that they
merely repoi t what they are told they may appro-
priately report; but of that i know nothing I
presume them to be honorable and fit men.
only suggestion we have from them, as a Boards
