1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
to all government. The law provides an ample
remedy in all cases which should be resorted to;
but when the people see proper to meet together
and express their opinions in a peaceable manner,
without resorting to violence, I scarcely think that
the Senate of the United States ought to be called
upon to put it down. I know they cannot do it.
You may undertake to manufacture public senti-
ment, but when did we become the manufacturers
of public opinion? When was the Senate con-
verted into a laboratory? When did the people
intrust us with the sovereign power of speaking
the public sentiment of America? From what
section of the Constitution do we derive the au-
thority to say to the people of this republican
land that you shall not give free utterance to your
opinions ? I had supposed that we came heie for
the purpose of legislating, for the purpose of car-
rying out such measures as public sentiment and
public opinion might indicate, and not for the pur-
pose of dictating to the people what they should
seek, and what they should do in a given case.
They are entitled to their opinions; and, so far as
I am concerned, they may express them in any
way that suits their convenience. So long as they
do not resort to force or violence, I have no com-
plaints to utter.
The resolution was adopted.
ADMISSION ON THE FLOOR OF THE SENATE•
Mr. BADGER. I find that I undertook the
other day an affair of a little more difficulty and
complication than I was aware of at the time,
when I proposed an amendment to the 48th rule
for the admission of peisons on the floor. Though
my proposed amendments were printed and upon
gentlemen's tables for a week, nobody attended to I
them, and I could get no assistance in remedying ,
any oversight, except one or two amendments 1
which weie suggested by my friend from New '
York [Mr. Fish] at the time, and which were !
promptly introduced. •
1 find that since the resolution of amendment j
was adopted, there are two or thiee classes of pub- |
iic officers who have been left out, in respect to I
whom I think it is important and right that they i
should have admission to the floor. I will suggest, ;
therefore, that, if the Senate will agree with me in j
that opinion, it will be proper for them to re- ,
consider the vote adopting the resolution, in order '
that the names of those officers may be inserted, i
My object is to include among the persons entitled 1
to admission, the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-1
vey, the Mayor of Washington, the Heads of'
Bureaus, the Secretary and Members of the Board j
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and the ;
District Attorney of the United States for this Dis- !
trict. I move, therefore, to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, in order that 1 i
may propose this amendment. I
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. I now move to amend the ,
resolution, by inserting the names of the officers 1
whom I have mentioned. i
The motion was agteed to. !
Mr. CHASE. I wish to move an amendment j
to the resolution, to carry out the original idea of 1
the Senator from Noith Carolina, and after I have j
said a word, 1 think the Senate will agree to it. !
There is at this momenta very distinguished gen- '
tleman from Michigan, an ex-chancellor of that 1
State, lately o member of the highest court in the 1
State, and it is impossible, under the rule, to in- ■
troduce him on the floor. 1
Mr. BADGER. I seethe object; it is right, 1
and I therefore move to amend by adding, after ;
the provision for the admission of judges of.
courts of record, the words "and persons who
have been chancellors or judges of the supreme or :
superioi rourt« of any State." !
Mr. CHASE. I would suggest that it would
he preferable to use the words "chancellors or
judges of thehighest courts of law or equity."
Mr. BADGER. I accept that. i
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I should like to under-
stand the resolution as it now stands.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Arkansas
will allow me, I will read* the resolution as it is.
As it now stands, it proposes to amend the 43th
rule, so as to provide—
" 48. The following persons and none others, shall bo
adrt<n?<jd on the floor of the Senate Meiniw^of the House
of llepresi'ntauves and their Oleik, the Secretaiy of State,
the Secretary of theTreasurj", the {Secretary of the Intenor,
liie Secretary of Wat, the Secretary of the N'avy, the At-
torney General, and fhe Po*tmastei GeneiaJ; the private
Secretary of the President, Chaplains to Congress, the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing, the Deputy PoMina^tei
of the city of Washington, the Marshal of the United Statps
for the Distnct of Columbia, Judges of the Tinted States,
the Clerk of the Supieme Conn, Foreign Ministers and
their secr«taiie>, Ministers of the United States to foreign
Governments and their seeietaiies, and persons who have
been such ministers or secretaries!, the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, the Mayor of Washington, Heads of Bu
reaus, the Secietary and Members of the Board of Rodents
of the Smithsonian Institution, the District Attorney of the
United States tor the District of Columbia, judges of the
courts of record of the sevei.il States, and peisons v\ho
have been chancellors or judges of the highest couits of
law or eijuity of the several States," See.
The amendment was adopted; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, way agreed to.
MISSING PAPERS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Chaii appoint n special committee,
whose duty it shall he to investigate the matter of the loss
of tin-1 original pa puis in the case of Mark Dean and Rich-
ard 11. Beau, heietofore piosented and filed m the Senate,
and report such remedy and relief in the pieimses as shall
seem fit.
I wish to state in explanation, that when the
papers in the case were presented in the Senate
some three or four years ago, they were printed,
and the application of the petitioners was reported
upon favorably. During the last Congress, it ap-
peared that the papers had been mislaid or lost,
and the case has been again presented, and is be-
fore the Committee on Public Lands; but the
papers have not yet been foard. The papers
which have been lost involve testimony that can
never he supplied again; the testimony, for instance,
of a man of such high and distinguished charac-
ter as General Matthew Arbuekle, of the United
States Army; and unless they arc found, mate-
rial damage will be done to the rights of a citizen
of this country. I ask for the appointment of a
committee which shall have authority to investi-
gate the circumstances of that loss, and cause
these papers to be found,if possible, or report
such remedy to the Senate as shall seem fit in this
individual case, and such provision, if any shall
be deemed necessary, as will" prevent the recur-
rence of such an unfortunate accident, jt is cer-
tainly wrong that original papers, and important
ones, too, should be subject to casualties of this
character, by which the rights of those whom we
represent cari be utteily and entirely sacrificed. 1
ask the Senate to consider and adopt the resolu-
tion at this tune.
Mr. BADGKR. ! would ask the Senator from
Arkansas if all these papers have not been piinted5
Mr. JOHNSON. They have been; and one of
the measures which has suggested itself to my
i mind is, that we may be able to establish the iden-
tity of the printed copy, if we cannot find the
originals, though it is not yet certain that the
onsrinols cannot be found.
Mr. BADGKU. We always consider printed
copies as authentic when they are printed by au-
thority.
Mr. JOHNSON. That may be the practice
here, but the Lfouse of Representatives will not
accept our printed copies unless they are authen-
ticated by the original papers.
Mr. BADGJhill. I was not aware of that. We
always accept theirs very willingly.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAYMENT FOR THE CENSUS PRINTING.
The bill providing for the payment for printing
the returns of the Seventh Census, and for the
j paper purchased for said printing, was. read a
second time; and
i On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
! ceeded to consider it, as in Committee of the
: Whole.
! It proposes to appropriate $15,909 93 for print-
i ing the returns of the Seventh Census, under the
joint resolution of Mar"h 3, 1853, and ^27,111 G8
for the paper purchased for that printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that provision was mode
by law at the last session for punting; the census
returns. The Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing was directed to have the census printed; but,
by an oversight, as I suppose, no appropriation
was made to pay, either for the paper or the print-
ing, in the appropriation bill of the last session.
The paper has been furnished under the contract;
and the Public Printer has executed the work
under his contract, and the several sums to which
they are entitled are those named in the bill. I ap-
prehend, therefore, it can receive no opposition in
the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. For what census returns is
this money to be paid ?
Mr. HAMLTN. This bill proposes to pay for
the quarto edition of the census which nas al-
ready been published by direction of law. It is to
pay for the paper which has been furnished under
contract, and to pay for the printing which has
been executed by the Public Priilter under his
contract.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then it has nothing to do
with the order which was made a few days since, •
and on which the motion to reconsider was made?
Mr. HAMLIN. Nothing in the world.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then 1 nave no objection to
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
DISPATCHES OF A. DUDLEY MANN.
Mr. MASON. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quelled t<  communicate to the Sonatecopjes of all the dis-
patches written by A. Dudley Mann, or such portions thereof
a< may be deemed not inconsistent with the public interest,
while he was employed in the diplomatic service of the
United States, at or near the States of the Germanic Con-
ledeiation, Hungary, ami Switzerland,together with copies
of the instructionsi under winch he acted, and other cora-
nuuiic.itions made to him by the Department of State.
Mr. President, that is a mere call for informa-
tion. I conceive that there can be no objection to
it. I have seen most of these'dispatches, and have
read them with some care and a good deal of in-
terest. 1 call for them for the information of the
public, upon the political and commercial relations
of the country. I therefore ask the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. FISH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill " to provide a
place for holding of the courts of the United States
in the southern district of New York, and for other
purposes;" which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PISH. Mr President, I ask the Senate
to consent to the second and third reading and
passage of the Hill to-day; and I will state the
i reason why I make this request. On Thursday
I last the building in the city of New York, in
j which the United States courts, the district attor-
1 ney's, and the marshal's offices are located, were
| destroyed by fire. There is, therefore, immediate
; necessity for some provision for the accommoda-
tion of those courts and their officers.
| The first section of the bdl authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Interior to provide suitable buildings
1 for this purpose. The second section provides
; that process made returnable to the building which
; is now destroyed may be returned to the new
1 building.
I have submitted the bill to the Secretary of the
Interior, and if meets his approval. 1 may also
state, it hss been drawn up by the district attor-
1 ney for the southern district of New York, with
the approval of the district judge.
The hill was read a second time by unanimous
| consent, and considered as in Committee of the
1 Whole. No amendment being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
: ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
l read a third time, and passed.
j BILL INTRODUCED.
| Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
' sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of the heirs and representatives of Colonel
Alexander G. Morgan; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
' Affairs.
| MILITARY POST IN IOWA.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair? be in-
' ptructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
1 military post at or near Sargent's Bluffs, on the Missouri
1 river, for the protection of the western frontier of the State
i of Iowa.
