228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That, for the residue of the present session,
every FricUv shall be set apart exclusively for the consid-
eration of private bills on the general orders of the day; and
that on the fir-st Friday of every month no such hill shall be
taken up to which there may be objection, or the consid
erauon of which may lead to debate.
JOHiV HAGAN.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask leave to
withdraw the papers in the case of John Hagan,
now on the files of the Senate. The purpose of
withdrawing them is, that they may be sent to
England for the purpose of being laid before the
joint commission to settle claims between the
two countries. It is desirable to withdraw the
papers now, for it is necessary that they should
be sent out by the next steamer.
Leave to withdraw the papers was granted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the message received from the House of Repre-
sentees on Thursday last, announcing the ap~ '
pointment of a select committee of nine on the
part of the House, to join such committee as might
be appointed by the Senate, to consider the pro- 1
priety of amending the Constitution as to the
manner of electing the President and Vice Presi- :
dent of the United States; and it was ordered to \
lie on the table. !
On motion, the Senate adjourned. •
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Movday, January 23, 1854.
The Hou^e met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William ii. milmntn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House com-
munications from (he War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of the Ifich instant, letters from the Colonel
of Engineers, inclosing the reports of the surveys
of Taunton river and New Bedford harbor, and
of Scituuie harbor and North river, all in the Slate
of Massachusetts, and explaining the delay in fur-
nishing them to Congress.
Mr. CROCKER. I move that both of the com-
munications be laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
S. S. PRENTISS, DECEASED.
Mr. HUNT. J oiler, with the unanimous con-
sent of the House, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Cleric of this flou-e bo directed to pay
10 ihe widow of Hergeam  s. I'reim*s, late ot Mississippi,
any balance which may bo due bun under a resolution of
the parsed Fcbtuary (>, 1SI18, providing for pay and
mileage white; contesting a soiu in tin* House.
Mr. HUNT said: Mr. Speaker, in 1838 the
election of Messrs. Ghokson and Claiborne, who
occupied scats in the House as Representatives
from Mississippi, was contested by iYle«sr«. Woul
and Prentiss. On the <>'h of February, of that
year, the contestants weie allowed the same com-
pensation, per diem and mileage, allowed to mem-
bers of Congress, computing the per diem from
the day of presenting their claim to seats in the
House. (Journal of the House, page 305.) Mr.
Word received his full pay; but Mr. Prentiss drew
only a portion of his—leaving a balance of £>736,
as appears from an official memorandum still
standing to his credit. The object of the present
resolution is to caut-'e that balance to be paid to
Mrs. Prentiss, the widow of S. S. Prentiss, de-
ceased.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Prentiss was well known to
many of the members of this House. He was a
man of extraordinary abilities, of extensive and
varied attainments, and of many amiable and
noble qualities. He was a scholar, a poet, a wit,
alawyer, an orator, and tistatesman of respectable
standing.
While a member of the House, he was one of
its chief ornaments—an attractive and fascinating
public speaker—sensible, full of knowledge, and
with an imagination ever teeming with bright
images and apt illustrations. Indeed, sir, what
Doctor Johnson happily said of Goldsmith may
well be applied to Mr. Prentiss: Nihil non tetigit
quod non ornyvit. As a gentleman, he was the
soul of honor, brave, generous, kind-hearted,
truthful, chivalric, affectionate, true to his ft lends,
and faithful to his country.
Like mosL of the sons of genius, he was careless
about money; and he died, as I am informed by
the gentleman who requested me to take charge of
this matter, in straitened circumstances. His
| wife and little children reside in the district which
| I now have the honor to represent. With these
j remarks i submit the resolution. Its adoption
; will be an act of justice, and, I am sorry to be-
| lieve, a measure of needed relief. The form of
; the resolution was suggested by an experienced
1 member, the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Elections.
! I move, pir, the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to ask the
; gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] what Mr.
, Prentiss it is which the resolution has reference to.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Prentiss, of M ississippi.
j Mv. DAVIS. Then 1 desire to be informed
I why it was that Mr Prentiss had not received
j his compensation and per diem allowance before
j his death ?
Mr. HUNT. If the honorable gentleman from
I Indiana [Mr. Davis] had intended to my remarks,
1 he would have heard me give the reason, it is
I this: Like most of the sons of genius, he was re-
I gardless of money.
| Mr. SKELTON". Mr. Speaker, I object 
! The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
i Louisiana [Mr. Hu\tt] suspend for a moment'
The gentleman from New Jersey addressed the
Chair, and I understood him to object to the con-
' sideiation of the resolution.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to it, unle.ss it i^y re-
, ferred to the Committee on Elections.
1 Mr. HUNT. 1 have but one word more to
' say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers that
the resolution is objected to.
Mr. HUNT. Oh, no' the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Skklton-] does not object; there is
no objection. The question now is about the
adoption of the resolution. I move that it be
adopted.
Air. SKELTON. I object to the resolution
being* introduced and put upon its passage, but I
have no objection to its being introduced and re-
ferred to the Committee on Elections.
Mr. HUNT. I hope that the House will not
; take that course, which is unnecessary. [ will
observe, by way of explanation 
Mr. STANTON", of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to say a woul 
The SPEAK Ell. Dues the gimtlfimin from
Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] yield the iloor to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton?]
Mr. Hunt declined yielding the floor,
i Mr. HUNT. 1 am only going to make a few
more remarks. Before I introduced the resolution
I consulted the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Elections—a gentleman of experience—
and on his kind suuge^ion I drew up the resolu-
tion u Inch 1 have presented m the form m which
it has been offered to the House. An examina-
tion was made, too, at his request, to ascertain the
amount due to Mr. Prentiss; but we agreed that it
would be better to let the Clerk, on reference, ascer-
tain the facts. I hope gentlemen will he satisfied
with this explanation, and that they will take the
course in reference to this petition which the House
may choose.
Mr. STANTON. T hold that there is no ne- !
cessity, for that -reason, to refer the entire matter
to the Committee on Elections. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understood the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Skeltont] to have objected '
to the resolution unless it be referred. Then there
is an objection, and, of course, the resolution is
not debatable.
Mr. SKELTOM. I objected unless it be re- ■
ferred to the Committee on Elections.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to refer to '
the Committee on Elections is then pending, the
objection bernsc made. j
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that this is |
too plain a matter to need reference to the Com- j
mittee on Elections. It is a mere matter of calcu- I
lation, which can be done as well by the Clerk as
the committee. The House, by a resolution" passed
about the time of the pendency of the contested-
election case referred to, provided for the pay-
ment to Mr. Prentiss, who was one of the con-
testants, of his mileage and per diem for the time
; he was here engaged in prosecutinghisclaim, which
j I think was some forty-two days. The honorable
j gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] broughtto
t me the certificate of the Treasurer of the United
j States, showing that Mr. Prentiss had drawn only
: twelve hundred dollars of the amount due him. .
: The whole amount, as shown by the records of
the Treasury and the Journal of the House, was
some nineteen hund«ed dollars, leaving a balance
| of seven hundied dollars and upwards due Mr.
I Prentiss under the resolution. The case is ex-
ceedingly plain, and I thought it unnecessary to
j refer the matter to the Committee on Elections;
I and that it was better to provide, by a resolution,
that the Cleik of the House should ascertain and
! pay over the balance to the widow, whose neces-
sities have induced her to apply for what herhus-
| band either did not know he was entitled to, or
! was too indifferent about money to demand in hii
| life time.
i Mr. SAGE. I move the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The main question is upon
the reference of the resolution.
The question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 50, noes 74.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution, and being put it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
LAND LAWS OF UTAH.
Air. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced thefollowing resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Teiritories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the
provision ot the Oregon land law over the Tf-ruioiy of
(Ttah, and that said committee icport by bill or otherwise.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS AND RIVERS,
i Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read
1 for information:
J Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
i speetfully requested to finnish this House with copies of
I all contract* made, and correspondence subsequently,
j with the chief of the Bureau of Topographical Ertemeprs,
■I for furnishing materials of wood and'•tone for improving
!| the harbors and river* of Lake Michigan, under and by
' virtue of the act " making -ipproprtatums tor the improvc-
! ment ot certain harbors and rivers,1' approved Aii«ust yo
!i I8.V2.
: The SPEAKER. The resolution being a call
j, upon the President for infoimation, it lies over for
,• one day.
Mr. FULLER.. Will it be in order to move to
j, suspend the rules, to allow me to introduce the
; resolution ?
:■ The SPEAKER. It will be in order to make
' such a motion.
Mr. HCJNT. i rise to a privileged question.
■ I move to reconsider the vote by which ihe reso-
lution I offered was adopted, and to lay that motion
upon the table.
The question was taken upon Mr, Hunt's mo-
■ tion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. FULLER. I now move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of introducing the resolution
which i offered a moment since, and which has
been already read by the Clerk.
The question was taken on Mr. Fuu.kr's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The question then being upon the adoption of
Mr. Fuller's motion, it was taken, and decided
, in the affirmative.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
■ Bills, reported that they had examined,and found
correctly enrolled, a bill of the following title:
" An act explanatory of an act entitled i An act
for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts;' "
Which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 ask the
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
