230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
dering an extinct people. No, sir; it is Pennsyl-
vania faith.
Now, in this yiolated faith of Pennsylvania be-
gan all the disgraceful riots which have made
the borough of' Erie a hissing and a reproach
through the length and breadth of the land.
Ohio lias stood manfully, as she always stood,
through prosperity and adversity, redeeming her
faith, whether plighted to unscrupulous States or
to those who have put faith m her sense of pecu-
niary obligations. In this course of honor I trust
she will ever keep; but when she is made the vic-
tim of treachery, and then assailed because she
has been defrauded, she will not scruple to make
her assailants fee! at least that she can despise
meanness as heartily as she honors fair dealing.
It is the State of Pennsylvania, and not the
miserable vagabonds about the borough of Erie,
that I arraign here. Let us see what your own
Governor has said. Let us here understand what
is meant by the State of Pennsylvania by these
efforts to dam up the commerce of the great West.
She contends, that, inasmuch as she lies across
the pathway of the people and commerce between
the Atlantic and the great West, she stands there
as the dog in the manger—though I do not wish
to speak evil of that dog [laughter]—she stands
there to make the most of her position. She has
tried to do it, ay, the
" Court awards it, and the law doth give it
and she stands in the position of the " Shylock"
Slate of the Union.
Let us hear what Governor Bigler, in his last
annual message, says to the Legislature on this
subject:
" The Legislatme should render this important link of
commerce between the sca-hoaril and the f?re,u West sub-
servient to the interests of tlie people ot' Pcnnsylviuna.
" It so happens that Pennsylvania holds the" key m this
important link of commerce between the JSa>t am! the
"West; and f mo^t unhosit:iun<;!y sity, that where no prin-
ciple of amity or commerce is to be violated, it is the unlit
and duty of the Slate to turn lier natural advantages to liie
promotion ol the views mid vveltare of her own people, It
may be that neiKhboHng States, possessing similar natural
advantages, would Rive tliein away lor our benefit, but I
have not been able to discover any part ni their lormer
policy to justify such a conclusion."
No one can take exception to that, if she does
it in a legitimate way, and does not undertake to
divert the commerce of the country from its nat-
ural channel into by and forbidden paths, that she
may enrich herself alone at the expense of her
neighbors. The Governor entertains strange no-
tions of the rights and obligations of the "States
towards each other. Such views as these would
probably have done no discredit to the " Governor
of an island" in the middle ages. But that any
man, who ever thought an inch in advance of his
nose should dream that, at this day, any State or
people, simply from their favorable location, could
carry on commerce which should be profitable
on Ihtir own side only passes comprehension. But
it is this stupid and dishonest view that has tainted
the legislation and the policy of that State. It is
this fatal and stupid selfishness of the State which
lias emboldened the mob at Erie to expect impu-
nity in their lawless course. This hostility to
commerce, on the part of that State, is suffered to
be the path of wealth. The great West is to be
invited, nay wooed, to the lap of Pennsylvania by
" apostolic kicks and blows;" the Governor's
idea of wooing and winning commerce to his State
having been probably gathered from the method
the feminine pig takes to woo her mate—by fight-
ing.
This is precisely the course pointed out by the
Governor of the State of Pennsylvania, as 1 have
shown you from his own declarations, in his
annual message to their present Legislature.
VVe of the west only ask to pass peaceably over
her territory, and to take our merchandise to such
markets as seems mostprofitable. If themavkets
of Pennsylvania are more inviting than those of
other States, no doubt she will get our trade; but
if she only seeks to force our trade into her mar-
kets, when these are not as profitable to us as the
markets of other States, this then, is sheer dis-
honesty, of which Pennsylvania, or any other
State, ought to be ashamed. The plea to justify
the course she has pursued, is, that other Stales
would not be more honorable than Pennsylvania |
herself. But is that the policy which ought to
characterize the conduct of one sister State J
towards another? Is it just towards States of yet j
unsoiled honor to assume gratuitously that such 1
States would be as devoid of honesty and good
neighborhood as the Governor of Pennsylvania
endeavors to incite his own State to pursue? This
is the bottle argument of him who ''holds the cup\
to his neighbor's lip to make him drunkard." "If1
I do not sell the poor man the poison, some other
scoundrel will, therefore I may as well be the
scoundrel myself, seeing that it is profitable."
Whatever the law—law made by themselves—
will permit one man or State to do to another,
seems right and proper to be done, in the light in
which Governor Bigler looks at these most im-
portant matters.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I appeal to every gentle-
man upon this floor, if the worst man, the very
worst neighbor you can dwell by, is not the man
who is eternally insisting upon his naked legal
rights to be enforced with all their sharpest corners ?
Let such a man be wealthy, and he is a tyrant—
let him be poor, and he will be dishonest, and
ever tempted to gamble with the law. All such
men are full of crotchets and tricks, designed to
overreach and deliaud in such a shape as to evade
legal responsibility, but regardless of justice or
honor. Such a man is an unmitigated curse to
the neighborhood compelled to endure his presence.
Through his influence and example, his neighbor-
hood will be by the ears, and peace and good fel-
lowship flee his hated presence.
The same thing holds good with States as well
as individuals. This is the difficulty with Penn-
sylvania under her present rulers. They have
the bond for the "pound of flesh nearest the
heart" of her sister States, and, say they, " we
will take the full weight of it; and we don't know
b.ut other States would do the like bj£ us."
Mr. Chairman, this wretched policy is as profit-
less as it is dishonest. It will, it must, drive from
Pennsylvania more trade than she can win thereby;
and alieady, 1 lejoice to say, she begins to feel it
in the indignant reprobation of the people East
and West, and m the withdiawal of business men
from contact with those regardless of their neigh-
bors'rights.
But tlie gentleman from Pennsylvania [Air.
Grow] desires still to justify Pennsylvania, and
he backs the reasoning of the Governor in his
beautiful theory of gauge breaking. But I will
attend to this theory presently.
Again, it is argued by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that the line of railroad from the
Ohio line was laid without warrant of law, and
that the people of Erie had the right to tear up
the railroad track and burn its bridges.
But it so happens that not a blow has been
struck by the mob at this part of the road. Legal
or illegal, they seem to be perfectly willing that
the people and the wealth of the great West
should go eastwardly as far as the borough of
Erie. But "thus far and no further," seems to
be the fiat of the omnipotent vagabonds of that ill-
starred hamlet. Still it is not true that the charter
of the Franklin Canal Company was alone used
by the railroad company, as one would be led to
infer from what fell from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, The canal company was authorized by
an act of the Legislature of Pennsylvania to con-
struct a railroad from the north end of their char-
tered canal to the lake,'by such course as the
company might choose. There was no limitation
as to time of completion, nor any points on the
route to be observed. And though I do not pro-
pose to discuss the legality of that charter, I have
yet reason to believe that a number of the most
eminent legal gentlemen of the State advised the
company before laying this road that the charter
was Je° I.
Rut this is an evasion of the question at issue.
The people of Erie knew the road was being laid,
and neither they nor any one else, so far °is we
are advised, even hinted that all was not right 
that there was no charter. No, they waited until
the road, at great expense, was put >n full opera-
tion; and after leaving it in peace for two or three
years, why, as by magic, it was discovered that
Erie, the boeough op Erie, was outraged by
this illegal raihoad, and so all its drunken and
sober inhabitants are let loose, not upon the illegal
railroad, but on one ofVhe legality of which no
manner of doubt has ever been entertained by any
one. They do not touch the illegal road, by which
the wealth of the West is brought to their doors;
not at all. fhere is evidently method in their
nidduei-a.
The justification, then, that the people of Erie
are doing what they have a legal right to do is
fatal on the plea got up for them. But it is ground-
less on another principle. Neither in Pennsylva-
nia nor elsewhere, where law and order rule, are
'men permitted to take the law into their own hands,
much less are they permitted to set the orders,
judgments, and officers of the law at defiance.
But this the Erie mobs have done with perfect
impunity, and to interpose a justification in,their
behalf is to justify mob law. No lawyer can be
found, one might presume, to stand up and con-
tend that the people of Erie have acted legally;
and if such notions prevail in Pennsylvania, the
sooner they are eradicated the better will it be for
the honor and peace of the State.
But when one justification after another fails,
still others, such as they be, are brought forward.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Groiv]
attempts to justify the mobocrats on the ground
that they were vindicating the Pennsylvania gauge
law. The Governor, and some gentlemen in this
House, seem all of a sudden struck with a chival-
rous purpose of preserving the sanctity of railroad
gauges. But, unfortunately for those gentlemen,
the Legislature of their own State, at its last ses-
sion, authorized any railroad company m the
State to construct its road upon, or alter it to, such
gauge as seemed right in their own eyes.
Under this law, the Erie and Northeast railroad
commenced changing its gauge to that of the
Franklin Canal Company's gauge. It was under
this law, also, that the Erie mobs commented, and
commenced for the sole purpose of preventing the
gauge of this road being changed under the law,
j and for no other purpose under heaven. The mobs,
1 therefore,commenced in sheer wanton violence, and
| it is an affront to common sense to attribute them
to any other cause, saving only the known impu-
nity they would enjoy from the connivance and
| encouragement of the authorities of the State.
This will appear in a still stronger light, and the
State will appear more clearly at the bottom of it,
when it is known to the committee that, after the
' mob spirit began to develop itself at Erie, the most
; advantageous terms were offered by the railroads
i to the citizens. The Franklin Canal road was to
be extended to the harbor of Erie, and also south
from the borough, to the north line of Mercer
county, Pennsylvania, a distance of about sixty
miles, so as to meet a line in the progress of con-
struction from Pittsburg to Erie.
Tlie Erie and Northeast railroad were also to
extend their road to Erie harbor, and to construct
a road on a six foot gauge from Erie to the State
line east, in the direction of " Little Valley," so
as to connect with another road in progress of
construction to " Little Valley"—thus opening a
direct six-foot-gauge line from New York city—
and both roads were to construct their " repair
shops" at Erie. Thus, law, order, fraternal feel-
ings, and the utmost pecuniary advantages are not
sufficient to quell the mob spirit. "The hand of
.Toab was in it." The State, the merchants of
Philadelphia and Pittsburg were in it; and it is
worse than idle—nay, it is one of the greatest
scandals ever circulated against so quiet a State as
Pennsylvania to pretend that she could not quell
that Erie mob. Her " could not" was that she
would not. From this conclusion there is no es-
cape.
Pennsylvania has a motive in interrupting the
communication along this Lake Shore railroad,
especially during the winter. During the season
of lake navigation, the freight and many passen-
gers find their way to their destinations by steam-
boat and sail vessel. Then Pennsylvania cannot
interrupt; but the winter business is done solely
on the railroad, and by them this commerce finds
its way to New York, Boston, &c. Hence the
Erie mob. Hence the message of Governor Big-
ler. It is to divert this great trade into channels
prepared by Pennsylvania—to elevate the vast
products of the West over the Alleghany Mount-
ains, instead of permitting them to go to markets
to the northward of this'range. Hence the tears
of gentlemen from Pennsylvania.
Now, the Alleghany mountains, as you ap-
proach the lake, interpose no such obstructions to
transportation, and therefore Boston, Albanv,and
New York receive, as they naturally should be
permitted to receive, the wealth of the lake coun-
try. Pennsylvania is so situated that, by im-
proving her condition, as she may and ought to
