1798
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Commander S. P. Duporit, United States Navy; Lieuten-
ant Thornton A. Jenkins, United States Navy; General
Joseph G. Totten, Chief United States Corps of Engineers;
Colonel Jamw Kearney. Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers ; Captain E. L. F. Hardcastle, Corps of Topograph-
ical Engineers.
Under the twelfth section of the above act, the following
officers of the Army and Navy are employed as inspectors
of the light-house districts, required by the act of Congress
to be arranged:
1st district. Lieutenant W. B. Franklin, Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers j appointed inspector December 21,
1852.
2d district. Lieutenant'Samuel R. Knox, United States
Navy ; appointed inspector April 11, 1853.
3d district. Lieutenant A. L. Case, United States Navy;
appointed inspector May 10,1853.
4th district. Lieutenant James S. Biddle, United States
Navy; appointed inspector January 10, 1854.
5th district Lieutenant A. M. Pennock, United States
Navy; appointed inspector December 14, 1852.
6th district Captain D. P. Woodbury, United States
Corps of Engineers; appointed inspector December 21,
1852.
7th district. Lieutenant G. L. Selden, United States
Navy; appointed inspector May 16,1853.
8th district. Captain D. 1 eadbetter. Corps of Engineers;
appointed inspector December -H, 1852.
9th district. Lieutenant W W. Stephens, Corps of Engl
Beers; appointed inspector November 18. 1&>3.
10th district. Captain J. C. Woodruff, Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers; appointed injector December 21,
1852.
11th district. Captain L. Sitgreaves,Corp^ of Topograph-
ical Engineers; appointed in^nector Deceiuhei 21, I£52.
12th district. Captain J. D. Webster, Corps of Topograph
leal Engineers; appointed inspector January 24, lbo4. (Not
yet entered upon his duties.)
The following engineer officers of the Army arc charged
with the t>nperint«ndence of construction and repairs of
light hou-e works in the vicinity of their military stations,
in" addition to the appropriate duties of their corps under
the War Depaitment, in conformity to the ninth section of
the act of Congress, approved March 3, 1851, chapter 38,
in the following words: " ^ivd be it further en at ted, That
the President he, and lie is hereby, requiied to cause to be
detailed from the Engineer Corps of the Army, from time to
time, such officers as may be necessary to superintend the
/Construe.ion and renovating of light-houses
Major A. Ogden, Corps of Engineer*, second district,
Boston, April 9, 1853
Major W, D. Fraser, Coips of Engineers thud district,
New Yoik, Angu-t 4, 1S5.J.
Lieutenant G. G. Meade, Coip-?of Engineej-^, seventh
district, Key Wtst, Mircli 16, 1853.
Under the above recited section, the following ofiicers
are cluuged with eeitain specific works, viz .
Major Hariman Baehe, Coip* of Top<>iz ,iphieal Rngi
neers, chaiged with the superintendence ol' the const! ac-
tion of a light hoine in Chesapeake bay.
Captain Henry Brewert<>n, Corp* of I3ngin«<'r", charged |
with the election of ,i small light on Fort Carroll, now in !
course of construction hv hirn.
Captain J. F. Gilmer, Corps of Engineers, charged with
the superintendence of the erection of a small light in
Chailo&ton harbor, near the military works uuder his
charge.
Major J. G. Barnard, Corps of Engineer*, charged with
the piacmg and fittinc of the illuminating appaiatus in the
light-house at Fort Point and Aleairaz Island, where this
officer is charged with the ejection of fortifications.
It would seem proper to add. m tins connoetinn, that Gen
eral Totten and Colonel Kearney, members of ihe Light-
House Board, tnd Captain Woodbury and lieutenant
Stephens, inspectors of the sixth and ninth light home
districts, discharge tire duties of the light house establish-
ment, in addition to their appropriate iniltiar\ duties.
Ofiicers ot the Army and Navy performing duty under
the light house establishment, (by the /cventeenth md
twelfth sections of the act of Congiess approved August
3, 1852,chapter 112,) are prohibited fiom receiving for mi h
service any other payor emoluments than tlnw to whn h
Ihey are entitled by iaw forthe perfmmanee of duty m the
regular line of their profession.
Very respecttully, your obedient servant,
THORNTON A.JB'VKINS,
Seciclcwi Li«ht I£oui,e Hoard.
Hon. P. G. Washington,
JlssUtant Sea clary of the Trcasunj, Washington,
Here, also, are the names of the Army and
naval officers employed on the Coast Survey, as
furnished by theSupermtendent, ProfessorBache:
Liit of Jinny officers attached to the Coast Survey on the
4th Man k, 1851.
Rank. , Name.
1 Captain Topographical Engineers..Thonm^ J. Cram.
2 Capt. and bvt. major 4th artillery.. Henry Prince.
3 Captain engineers H. W. Beuham.
4 Captain 3d artiileiy E O. C. Ord.
5 Captain Topographical Engineers..Win. R. Palmer.
6 Captain 2dattil!eiy A A Gibson,
7 1st lieutenant 2d artillery James Totten.
8 ....Do do D. T. Van Buren,
9 1st lieutenant 1th artillery Joseph O Clarke.
10 let lieut. and bvt. capt. 2d diagoons. James Oakes.
11 1st lieutenant engineers E. B. Hunt.
12 2d lieut. and bvt. capt. engineers..J. G. Foster.
13 2d lieutenant 5th infantry A. H Seward.
14 2d lieutenant engineers W. T. Trowbridge.
15 2d lieutenant 2d infantry James. P. Ray.
16 2d lieutenant 7th infantry ....A. W. Evans.
Lut of Naoy ofliceri attached to tke Coast Survey on tke
4tk of Muich, 1854,
Rank. Name,
Lieutenant Commanding   B, P. Sands.
Lieutenant Commanding H. S, Stellwagen.
Lieutenant Commanding James Alden.
Lieutenant Commanding   ...John J. Almy.
Lieutenant Commanding O. H. Berryman.
Lieutenant Commanding  T. A. Craven.
Lieutenant Commanding E. J. F)e Haven.
Lieutenant Commanding R. VVainvvright.
Lieutenant Commanding J. N. Maflit.
Lieutenant Commanding Max. WoodhuU.
Lieutenant S. D. Tnnchard.
Lieutenant Thomas B. Huger.
L  utenant M. C. Perry, jr.
Lieutenant   John Rutledge.
Lieutenant Thomas II. Stephens.
Lieutenant  J. C. Wait.
Lieutenant J. C. Kenriard.
Lieutenant iohn Wilkinson.
Lieutenant Bayse N. Westcott.
Lieutenant J. C. Febnger.
Lieutenant A. N. Smith.
Passed Midshipman A C. Rhind.
Passed Mid-iliipm.tn It M. Cuvler.
Parsed Midshipman J B McCauley.
Passed Midshipman Eail English.
Passed Midshipman J. P. Jones.
Parsed Midshipman   R. L.Law.
Passed Midshipman S. R. Franklin.
Passed Midehipman W. D. Whmng.
Passed Midshipman Joseph B. Smith.
Passed Midshipman Edward Renshaw.
Passed Midshipman   John T. Walker.
Pa scd Midshipman   John B. Stewart.
Passfd Midshipman Alov. M. Do Bree.
Passed Midshipman S. S. Bassett.
Parsed Midshipman 11, C. Duvall,
l\w«ed Midshipni.W Leonard H Lyne.
Parsed Midbhtpmari Thomas C. E&ton.
Passed Midshipman ...Dawson Phemx.
Passed Midshipman Hunter Davidson.
Passed Midshipman Custavns Harrison.
Passed Midshipman Ceoige S. King,
Passed Midshipman J. A. Seawell.
Midshipman J- Ci. Maxwell,
Midshipman   1L Krb«jn, jr,
Midshipman 
Assistant riuijieou 
Assistant Surgeon 
Assistant Sui eon 
Assistant Surgeon 
Assistant Surgeon 
Piofes-sor 
1st Assistant Engineer...
1st Assistant Engineer...
1st Assistant Engineer.,
. William 11. Ward.
  lames Smidards.
 C. H. Williamson.
 T Le P. Croinmiller.
 James P. Hucstes.
 fticliard B. Tunstall.
. . ...... A. C. Pcndletou.
 N. C. Davis.
 C. W. Geddes.
 E. 8. Ue Luce.
1st A>si' lant Engineer Andrew Lavvton.
rfd Assistant Engineer A. Rroadiux.
iJti Assistant Engrneci S. II. IJoiMon.
.'Jd Assist,tut Engineer W. C. WhcehT.
lid Assistant Engineer H. P , Nones, jr.
;kl Assistant Engineer F. G. Sumwater.
3d Assistant Engineer G- W. Plymton.
3d Assistant Engineer J. M Harus.
iid Assistant Engineer J. C. Hull.
3d Assistant Engineer C. Lindsley.
It will be seen by these official statements, that
on the light-house establishment there are twenty-
five officers of the Army and Navy employed,
while on the Coast Survey there are eighty-two,
making m all one hundred and seven. Now, sir,
these officers ought not to be so employed, and
all laws which authorize it are wron^. The civil-
ians employed on the same service receive no
mileage such as is allowed to the military and
naval officers; and while performing duties which
are purely civil, they should not receive more pay
than civilians.
Mr. McMULLIN". Will the gentleman from
Kentucky permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. MCMULLEN. I desire to know, in con-
nection with this subject, if the officers of the
Army and Navy so employed are receiving pay
for extra services, outside of their regular pay as
officers of the Anny and Navy ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 am ^lad the gentleman has
directed my attention to this point. Under .sev-
eral little amendments to Army and other bills,
many officers employed in civil service are allowed
nearly double their Army pay; and there is no one
of them engaged in the civil service who does not
find some advantage from it over his position in
the line of his regular duties. If it were not so,
you would not find them quartered on the civil
service by hundreds. The members of the boards
for rivers and harbors, canal around the Falls of
the Ohio, for harbor works on the Atlantic coast,
and, I believe, the ^Light-House Board, all get,
under a construction of some provision of one of
the laws, two dollars per day extra while sitting
upon said boards. When making surveys for
roads, by a standing regulation of the War De-
partment, they get one dollar per day extra while
in the field, as commutation for transportation.
The assistant to the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, a military engineer, gets two dollars per
day for " personal expenses."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That view of the
subject is a very forcible one, but I do not see how
it bears upon the case m hand ?
Mr. STANTON. * will show my friend
from Virginia. These officers of the Army and
Navy all hold commissions, and are amply pro-
vided for by the laws relating to their departments.
While in discharge of their rightful duties, every
proper allowance is made them. They are not
now m discharge of military and naval duties.
They are performing duties of civilians, and
should fare as civilians. No other persons con-
nected with the Coast Survey or light-house ser-
vice but military and naval officers, get ten cents
a mile for traveling, or commutation for fuel and
quarters.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure the gentleman has
not properly considered this matter. I under-
stand him to say that those officers are provided
for elsewhere. That is a mistake. They are not
provided for in the Army bill, or anywhere else.
This is the only provision made for them. A-Tew
years ago these officers were provided for m the
civil and diplomatic bill; but the Committee of
Ways and Means saw fit to take it out from that
bill, and put it into the Army bill; and the appro-
priation which precedes the one under consider-
ation, covering the same general expense, applies
to the ofiicers in the Army regularly, and the ap-
propriation is not made to the officers who are
spoken of here. And if the gentleman will examine
the law creating the Light-House Board, he will see
that the Secretary of War has no discretion. The
law itself says that these Army officers shall con-
stitute the Light-House Board, and the Secretary
of War only complies with the law.
Mr. STANTON. And does the law say they
shall have two dollars a day ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that they get
any extra compensation. They are allowed mile-
nge by law, and by the regulations of the War
Depaitment. We were bound to report an ap-
propriation for it; and if the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia prevails, that will be-
come the law, and will control the action of the
committee hereafter.
Mr. STANTON. Here is the act upon the
subject, with the facts as they have occurred
under it, communicated to the select committee by
I the War Department:
I " For repairs and contingencies of harbors and rivers,
! and to meet charges, for trnn.-port-ition of officers, and for
| fuel and quarters, the payment of which rs no longer made
by the quartermaster's depaitment, and tor extra allowance
; to meet extra expenses, under the special directions of the
1 Secretary of War, «-10,000. 
Out of the above there has been allowed by the Secre-
tary of War, and paid to ofiicers constituting boards, as
, follows:
]*i Board—For river and hnrhor improvement? : Colonel
! James Kearney, Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Long, and Ma-
• .)or H. liache, Corps Topogiaphical Engineers; field offi-
ces allowed two dollar- per day, subaltern olficers one dol-
I lar ami fifty cents per day.
; 2d Board—For additional canal around the falls of the
Ohio: Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Long, Bievet Lieutenant
: William Tumbull, and Charles B. Ft?>h, E^., Civil Engi-
j neers. The mrhtaiy officers allowed two dollars per day,
1 and the civil eight dollarb, and transportation. This board
i lias coa«ed.
I 3d Board—F<<r harbor works on the Atlantic coast: Lieu-
i tenant Colonel R. E. De Uu^y, Major J. L. Smith, and
i Major C A. Oglen, Corp> of Engineers. Allowed two dol-
j lars per day.
| 1 presume, sir, it is by some such construction
' as is here put upon this iaw, that the Light-House
■ Board, while sitting in this ctty, is enabled to ffet
| additional pay. One of the boards above alluded
1 to sat more than six months, and received two
dollars a day during the whole time, over and
( above their regular Army pay. If the construction
j is right, the law is wrong; and if the law was de-
! signed to increase then salaries, it should h-ave been
I done openly, instead of covering up its purposeby
i appropriation for contingencies and incidental ex-
j penses.
i 1 withdraw my amendment, as it was intended
' simply to get these facts before the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for the pur-
pose only of stating the question. The clause to
which I seek to attach my amendment is this:
"For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or transporta-
tion for officers, and enlisted soldiers of the Army serving
in the Coa*t Survey, in case*: no longer provided for by the
quarteimaster's department, $10,000."
Then comes in my amendment, and 1 suppose
nobody will object to it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. T wish to move an
amendment to the original clause, before the ques-
tion is taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
