1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
at West Point was rapidly lessening in the public
estimation until the Mexican war arose. So it
was. A strong prejudice had been excited against
it, and in which I, to some extent, participated.
But, it is added, since the Mexican war, that pre-
judice has passed away. I reply emphatically,
and well Jt may pass off since the Mexican war.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I recollect upon
one occasion that in a suit instituted at law, the
conduct of the horse was made a subject of in-
quiry; and the conclusion was solemnly come to
that the horse was more reprehensible than that
of the rider. From the case made out by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, the only conclusion I can ar-
rive at is, that it is much more important that there ,
should be a school for training the horses than the j
men. j
Mr. BTSSELL. It is highly important that j
the horses should be properly trained. _ j
Mr. SMITH. Then the bill before us is cer-
tainly a very imperfect one, for it does not pro-
vide all the machinery necessary. But I do not
deny that it is highly important your cavalry
should be properly trained. The point at which
I desire to srrive is whether, in order to have effi-
cient cavalry, you must have a hall to train them
in. Now 1 maintain that the most efficient cav-
alry which ever existed was that which was trained
in the open field.
Mr. B1SSELL. With the gentleman's per- j
mission I will put him right just here. I do not i
pretend to say that you cannot have efficient cav- '
airy without a hall to ride in; but I do say that it
is the better, the more efficient, the quicker way
to makeyour cavahy soldier,to haveaplace where
he can be drilled every day regularly, and at stated
times, and under favorable auspices.
Mr. SMITH. I am myself perfectly satisfied
that this attempt, if it were really known to the
country, would excite a general feeling of ridicule
and indignation. The idea that at West Point
there is not sufficient dry weather to tram your
cavalry officers out of doors, is to me strange and
impossible.
Mr. BISSELL. It is so. They keep ninety
horses there all the time.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; they keep ninety
horses there all the time, and yet the young men
cannot be brought out in the snow and trained,
and they are not to learn anything. Tram them
on the plan of the hippodrome, and what is the
consequence? When you put them in snow to
encounter the enemy, they would bedefeated; they
would be unfit to meet the foe in battle. We have
illustrations on that subject. They are to be ;
abundantly found in history; and even the French ;
cavalry could not stand before the British cavalry |
at Waterloo, though they were trained in a house |j
of the sort indicated. ;i
Mr. BISSELL. And the British have them of •
the same kind exactly. . ']
Mr. SMITH, perhaps the finest cavalry m
the world was that which revolutionary history
tells us existed here. I want to know whether 1
the cavalry of Tarleton, educated m a house of
this sort, could stand before that of Washington j
and Lee ? . |
1 think that this is only one of the fancies, the
thick-coming fancies of the day. Nobody can do
things as their ancestors did them. They do not
only fear the peltings of the pitiless storm, but the
scorching sunbeams of heaven. That is it; and
they will want to perform in the shade ns they
now wont to perform with a view to escape the
showers of heaven. The whole doctrine is wrong;
and I do hope, for the honor of the soldiery of
this country, that there will be no additional lux-
uriousness in appropriations for them.
But I differ with the gentleman, in saying that
the recent experience of the Mexican war has had
the slightest tendency to revive the reputation of
this institution. I would say that the history of
the Mexican war is calculated—well calculated
to establish the great and preeminent fact that we
are able to do without military schools, except sucn
as are provided by the enterprise of the country.
1 appeal to the gentleman, and ask him who were
more efficient in the public service than the vo.un-
teer regiments of the northwest and southwest.
[Here the hammer fell.] . ,
Mr. BISSELL. I wish the committee would
allow me a single word of reply.
[Ciies all over the Hall "Consent. Hear
him!"]
Mr. BISSELL. I will, with the unanimous
consent of thecommittee, withdraw theamendment
pending.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 move a pro forma amend-
ment. I will answer, at the outset, the pointed
queries put to me by the gentleman from Virginia.
Nobody is prouder than I am of the gallant and
glorious services rendered by your volunteers—
volunteers untaught, except such teaching as they
received after they reached Mexico, in a war with
that Republic. I accord to the'm the highest praise.
At the same time, I. declare my positive convic-
tion that but for the science and skill drawn from
the institution at West Point, our army would
have been driven in disgrace from Mexico, in
less than six months after they had entered it.
What would have become of all your battles >
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BISSELL. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. It is this: Whether it was West
Point science or untrained valor that gained the
field at Buena Vista?
Mr. BISSELL. Without the science and skill
drawn from that institution, as 1 before remarked,
the battle would have been lost to the Americans
in thirty minutes.
[Several Members. " Undoubtedly,"and "That
is true."]
Mr. BISSELL. Now, let me go further and
say, that without the gallantry displayed by the
volunteers on that occasion, which has never been
surpassed on earth, added to the skill of the artil-
leiy, the battle would have been lost in half an
hour. Neither could have succeeded without the
other.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman one
other question, with his permission.
Mr. BISSELL. I will hear the gentleman's
question.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman think that
science, without the volunteers, but with an equal
number of regular troops, would have won that
battle?
Mr. BISSELL. Well, sir, I cannot say, nor
is it mateiia! that I should answer the question.
But I say that without the science of which I have
spoken, that battle would not have been won. I
also say that without the gallant conduct of the
volunteers,it would not have been won. Without
the regular troops, but with an additional number
of volunteers equal to thenumberof regular troops,
we could not Have succeeded without that skill
' and science of which I have spoken,.and which
| was especially manifested in the serving of the
I artillery there.
| But what strange things do we hear? For
thirty years and more your cadets, sneered at as
; they have been, have been lidmg in a hall.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 wish it to be dis-
| tinctly understood that I do not sneer at science,
'■ or at the cadets. On the contrary, I am one of
those who appreciate science; but I would not
i' effeminate our soldiers.
!i Mr. BISSELL. Well, the gentleman speaks
'' of the cadets being effeminated, and sneers at the
i mode in which they are taught to tide. That its
i what he does. And yet they have been taught to
' lide in that way for thirty years-, and who ever
i heard the least complaint from the country of
which he speaks, before. Thirty thousand dollars
1 was formerly appropriated for a tiding hall; but
' the hall is found to be too small, and is filled with
ij columns and so forth, and they want to enlarge
and improve it; and instead of $30,000, they only
!' ask for S'20,000 to make it complete, so that the
. ninety horses which are kept at the institution, a
: great expense, may be employed for three or four
months m the year more than they are now em-
ployed. Is not that economy? If it is not, m
what would economy consist?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ? He is occupy-
ing the floor by the indulgence of the committee,
and therefore I shall not deprive him of any of
his tune.
Mr. BISSELL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SMITH. My question is this: Are not
those ninety horses employed now in the rooff1
which the gentleman says has always existed?
Mr. BISSELL. Yes, sir; hut, as the officers
there 'say, to very great disadvantage.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, of course, they say so.
Mr. BISSELL. Well, whd can say the reverse ?
The officers at the institution say those horses ar^
employed at a disadvantage. " Oh, yes,"says the
gentleman; " they say so, of course." Well, who
says otherwise?
Now, sir, we have heard some strange things
during this discussion. For instance, that the
Czar of Russia does not know how to make hardy
soldiers. He, too, makes his soldiers effeminate,
does he? The riding hall at Moscow is six hun-
dred feetin length ana two hundred feet in breadth,
without a column or pillar through the whole of
it. Napoleon Bonaparte did not know how to
make hardy soldiers when he established his three
riding halls. Neither did the Duke of Wellington
know how to make hardy soldiers. Why, the
very troops that gentlemen have referred to were
taught their cavalry exercises in riding schools.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Benson] de-
clares that it is unbecoming and quite ridiculous
for us to undertake to copy foreign nations in
these things. Why, does he not know that offi-
cers have very frequently been sent to Europe to
look into thing? there, and see if they could not
bring home, some valuable suggestions in regard
to the Army ?
Mr. DE \N. General Scott was sent.
Mr. BISSELL. Yes, sir; General Scott was
sent to Europe for this purpose, and nobody com-
plained about it.
A Member. And General Wool.
Mr. BISSELL'. General Wool was sent, also,
and others whom I might name. Those officers
found riding halls in every country that pretended
to have regular cavalry. They came back and so
repoited here. This country has always had one,
aud yet now, when a proposition is made for an
appropriation of ^20,000 to repair and perfect that
hall, we have a discussion of the whole question—■
the propriety of keeping up the institution at all, the
effemmateness of the cadets who go there, and the
folly of attempting to make hardy soldiers in this
way.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not desire to weary the
committee, and I hope this debate will not be
protracted to any unreasonable length; but 1 wish
to say a few words in answer to the gentleman
who last addressed us. He refened to foreign
practices, and to the course of similar instruction
m other countries, and gentlemen upon the other
side of the Hall have also made the same reference.
I agree with them, that we should enlighten our-
selves, and draw instruction from whatever sources
may be within our reach. I am far from shut-
ting my eyes to improvements abroad, or to light
from any quarter. I do not understand, however,
that the instances to which gentlemen have refer-
red are the end of knowledge upon this subject
One gentleman has told us that the Mamelukes ot
Eo-ypt could not succeed against the French army
there, because they were not trained and educated
in cavalry exercises m riding schools; and that,
for that reason, they could not succeed against the
army of Napoleon, when it was thrown into hol-
low squares. Let me state to gentlemen upon the
other side, also, that the best cavahy of 1'rance'
the Old Guard, under the command of Marshal
Ney, and who were instructed, for aught I know,
in the riding halls of France, so highly eulogized
by the gentlemen opposite, could n#fke no impres-
sion upon the troops of Wellington, when they
weie thrown into hollow squares to receive thenl
at the battle of Waterloo. .
We have no information that is to guide us ao-
solutely in these matters, without a proper exer-
cise of our own judgment and our own se"ses*
Gentlemen disagree upon this question as to tne
propiiety and uses of a riding hall. Xjpon one
side they tell us that it is intended for the benefit
of the horses, so as not to injure them: and, upon
the other, they say it is for the instruction ot
the cadets. The colonel, Lee, says that a shel-
tered room is neqessary, in his opinion, for proper
and economical instruction in this course. Which
of these shall we follow ? No plan, no detailed
estimate has been communicated to, or ever reached
the Committee of Ways and Means, or this com-
mittee, in regard to this riding hall.
The gentlemen from Illinois [Mr. Bissellj teifs
us that battles in Mexico would have been lost
but for the smence displayed by the officers who
had graduated at West Point. 1 agree with him,
and I accord to the graduates at West Point, tn
