1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
do, she can get all from the West that she can |
dispose of. She may make another railroad from ;
Pittsburg to Philadelphia, and she may tunnel j
her mountains at their base, and the West will j
supply her with all she can provide the means
of conveying, and still leave a surplus behind for
other markets, tenfold greater than she will have i
received; so that her cupidity may be gratified, if !
she will but put herself in a position to receive the
wealth of the western country. But for her to
undertake this little, petty warfare uf>on the com- j
merce of the lwke country in winter is unworthy j
of the State of Pennsylvania.
I know that she will repel the harsh things I have j
said of her. I know that she will reform these i
abuses; that she will not permit the avarice of a
few misguided and reckless men to tarnish her
own lair character; but that she will take her place
in the sisteihood of States, remembering that the
highest interest of all is to observe good faith, to
carry out the purposes and intents of the Consti-
tution, and not compel us to call for the interposi-
tion of Federal power to open communications
between State and State, or to keep them open.
But, if I am mistaken in this, I may be permit-
ted to say, that no Slate owes more than Pennsyl-
vania to the kindness and good feeling of Congress.
She has been the pet of the Federal Government;
she 1ms been stimulated by protection to an excess
that no other State has, ay, these stimulants have
been administered until her constitution has been
undermined—I do not mean her State constitution,
but her moral constitution. And now she yrishea
the further protection, which will be thrown around
her by hedging up the highways of communica-
tion between the East and West, and to bind and
loose at her pleasure.
Never was theie a more mistaken policy than
this narrow one which Pennsylvania exhibits. She
cannot accomplish what she attempts. She will
raise against this encroaching spirit the entire pop-
ulation of the northwestern States, that population
which is increasing at a ratio unexampled in the
history of the world; and whose wealth, too, is in-
creasing even faster than the population. An unob-
structed intercourse is demanded, as well by the
interest of Pennsylvania as that of Ohio,or Indiana,
or Illinois, or New York. She cannot do without it.
I ask intelligent gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
Have you obtained all that you 7ieed from the West ?
Will you never need any further railroad accom-
modations from the State of Ohio ? Is the measure
of your prosperity full, and do you desire now to
nave all further comities between'us discontinued,
and all further good offices forever forgotten ? Do
you wish to create this ill-blood between the two !
States ? For I can say here, from the most earnest !
convictions of my own heart,that the course of petty
mischief, vexation, fraud, and bad neighborhood,
which has characterized the course of that State
since this Erie villany broke loose, will lead to col-
lisions which will be mourned overand deprecatcd
by every good citizen in these U nited States. There
is a feeling there which cannot be repressed. We
will, however, first try all peaceable means. We
will call upon our western fellow-citizens to unite
with us of Ohio to rebuke this low, and, I may
say, nasty selfishness; and I here make an appeal
to the gentlemen that represent the interests of
the West to take this matter into serious consid-
eration, and let us ask ourselves what right the
Slate of Pennsylvania has to the protection of her
iron and coal while she disregards so recklessly
the rights nod interests of the States we represent?
Let us bay mildly but firmly to that State that she
lvis no prescriptive right to the protection of her
peculiar interests while she sets at naught thepe-
cxOiar interests of our own States.
f put these questions, not as threats—for I am
incapable of acting myself from any motive gen-
emted by such a cause, and would not insult an-
other with a motive which could not influence
myself—but it seems to me that we owe it to our
constituents to devise effectual means to protect
their interests against the cupidity of the State of
Pennsylvania.
IIow lorn? shall we be taxed for all the iron that
we use, in oiciei* to gratify Penn@ylvn.nia in her
efforts to obstruct the commerce and prosperity of
the eastern anil tile southern country; for all,
both West, and North, and South, are interested in
this matter ? ITow longshall Pennsylvania enjoy
a monopoly of the trade ill mineral coal, by the
imposition "of a most absurd and extravagant duty,
making the poor suffer from the chilling blasts of
winter to gratify her avarice, when it is well known
to all commercial men that coal can be imported
from Europe at a price about two thirds of what it is
furnished for by tliepeopleofPennsylvania? How
long shall theState of Pennsylvania be indulged in
these things, so grossly, grievously unjust? Did
you not hear, when the question was up m reference
to suspending the collection of the duty on railroad
iron for a term of years, how unanimously the
representatives of that State voted in opposition
to that measure—a measure only remotely looking
at the tariff on iron. So unanimous were they,
that a member within my hearing said that it was
the first time within liis recollection that Pennsyl-
vania voted with a perfect unanimity upon any
question.
No, sir, she is jealous of her own interests, with
an "exceeding great jealousy." But she is willing
to touch the interests of her sister States at the
curia! nerve. She cares nothing about it, and she
supposes apparently that this selfish policy will be
endured, and that no retaliation or resistance will
be attempted.
I would not counsel retaliation, because it is
wrong; but then it may be a duty for us so to ar-
range our legislation as to protect ourselves, if
Pennsylvania will not listen to reason. Let her
adjust her difficulties with the railroad companies
by law. Let her abide by the decision of the
courts if she wishes to receive the courtesies and
the kindnesses of the people of other States.
Let her not undertake to legislate solely for her
own benefit. Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to
press this subject. I have only stated what I
thought requisite to satisfy the committee that
Pennsylvania is m the wrong; that there is no
justification lor the course she has pursued in rela-
tion to the conduct of the citizens of Erie.
But, sir, who does not know that this is not the
lawless outbreak of a few men and women? No!
I entreat this committee to look at this matter in its
true light. Suppose the Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania and its judiciary, had spoken the lan-
guage of peaceful and order-lovmgmen to these law-
less vagabonds who have been working their mis-
chiefs at Erie, and said to them, "the State of
Pennsylvania has a character to maintain and pro-
tect. She must abide by her laws, and she will abide
| by them." If they had thus spoken, instead of
speaking in the language of vituperation and ac-
' cusation, in the language of denunciation and vio-
! lence, m the language of cupidity and license to
these people of Erie, there would have been none
1 of these outrages, even to the loss of life. No
sir, it only needed nn honest, out-spoken, earnest
! rebuke from Philadelphia and Harrisburg, and
all had been quiet; the law would have taken its
' course, and all things gone on, as every good citi- j
i zen must desire they should. _ ,
I From Philadelphia to Pittsburg, and from Pitts- I
J burg to Harrisburg, the voice of the public press '
—if it lias not stimulated the lawless violences at
| Erie—lias spoken m language that left no room to j
j doubt that they would meet no punishment from
i the authorities of the State of Pennsylvania. Hut
I they talked about commercial interests, and rid-
| iculeil the losses and ruin to the West by reason ;
of the breaking up of this great thoroughfare.
I did not intend to he half so long as I have. I
' simply desired to bring the matter before the com-
1 mittee, to disabuse the public mind of the belief
that anybody is to blame m this lawlessness ex-
cepting the citizens of Erie, encouraged by the
State of Pennsylvania.
I think I have done so. I think I have estab-
lished the fact, that from her own statute-books
she has been regardless of the rights of tne people
1 of Ohio; that she has acted in bad faith to the
■ people and government of Ohio; that she is now
enjoying to the fullest extent the benefits of the
beneficent legislation of Ohio in giving her a full
1 and free charter for a railroad for near two hun-
dred miles in length, extending from the east to
' the west side of the State; and have shown that
l she has obliterated from her statute-book thechar-
; ter of the Erie railroad, made on the sole considera-
, lioa of her receiving the charter of the road above
alluded to, and is in the full enjoyment of all the
great benefits slie is deriving from it, while she
has most unjustifiably—nav, most fraudulently,
; withheld the consideration she solemnly agreed to
u-ive for this most valuable privilege.
i ° I will examine here for a single moment, with
the indulgence of the committee, the question as
to the breaking of gauges. Why should there
not be a break of gauge at Erie? The borough of
Erie, in 1850, contained between five and six
thousand inhabitants; the city of Buffalo, at the
same time, contained forty-two thousand. There
is not another railroad leading to or from Erie, ex-
cept those about which this controversy has arisen.
Erie is no place for the distribution of freight or
passage. There is no occasion for it. Men who
want to stop at Erie have an opportunity to do so.
Freight consigned to Erie is unloaded there; and
this course of business would have continued had
they submitted to a change of gauge, according to
the provisions of their own laws.
The effect of a break of gauge at Erie is to
compel a transfer of freight, passengers, and bag-
gage destined to any place beyond. AH the vast
products of the West carried over that route and
not wanted for the consumption of the five thou-
sand inhabitants of Erie, are in the sheer spirit of
wantonness to be shipped and reshipped at Erie
and Northeast. There is no occasion for it, but
merely to increase the expense, and to gratify the
huxters of Erie. Governor Bigler, in his mes-
sage, says this is perfectly right, and that Penn-
sylvania is only availing herself of her situation
to do all she can for herself.
What right has Pennsylvania, I ask, when any
one desires to go to Albany, for instance, what
right has Pennsylvania, in the exercise of fra-
ternal feelings and good citizenship, to say to him,
"You shall stop and shift your baggage at Erie,
and have some peanuts if you need? [Laughter.]
What right has Pennsylvania to torment lis with
an eternal repetition of peanuts and ginger-pop ?
What right has a Governor of a sovereign State
to reason, or rather, unreason, in that way, in the
face of rational men? Everything which Penn-
sylvania should have she will have, by suffering
cars to pass through her borders unobstructed.
Many persons desire to stop at Erie, and they
will stop there. If they do not desire to do so,
why should they be compelled to stop? It is a
great inconvenience and annoyance to which west-
ern commerce is subjected in being compelled to
shift from car to car all her live-stock and all her
dead merchandise, if I may so call it, for no good
purpose except to extort money from the pockets
of the people of the West.
This will be the case, and gentlemen cannot in-
dulge the hope that this thing will be permitted to
stop here. The commerce of the West cannot
and ought not to be interrupted by this annoyance.
The Federal Government has undoubtedly the
right to regulate commerce between the States.
Site has the power to open post roads through the
States, and no State ought so to conduct as to
call for the exercise of this her power. I believe
that the good sense and shrewdness of Pennsyl-
vania will see that it is for her interest, as well as
for the interests of other States, to relinquish the
line of policy which she has pursued, and when a
charter be profitably granted through her State,
that she will faithfully adhere to her own laws
granting such charters, and permitting her sister
States to enjoy the uninterrupted right of passing
through her terutory, as their interests may re-
quire.
| Mr. ROBBINS, (interrupting.) I desire merely
! to ask the gentleman from Ohio to allow me leave
to read an extract from a paper I hold in my hand,
j in reference to this matter of the railroad gauges.
i Mr. WADE. I do not know what the extract
i to which the gentleman alludes contains, and my
time is near up, and 1 may not have the oppor-
tunity to reply.
Mr. ROBBINS was understood to say that it
I was from a Philadelphia paper from which he
proposed to read.
J, Mr. WADE. I cannot help what may be said
' by the Pennsylvania papers of the gauge law. I
am stating the whole facts which are involved in
I this unhappy controversy. I am stating the
' facts which are susceptible of the most unques-
' tionable proof, and they establish the fact that the
i State of Pennsylvania, for the purpose ofgratify-
'' mg the eastern and central portion of her citizens,
i has withheld most extensive benefits, such as I
have before set forth, which the railroads were
!< early to confer, and which would have been con-
|i ferred, had it not been the determination of the
II State to sacrifice the substantial citizens of Erie
!1 to the cupidity of those other portions of the State;
