942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
those battles, as high a placeon the roll of fame as
the gentlemen doea, but I desire him to remember
that fill the science from West Point displayed m
the battle.* of Mexico, so far as the movements
and operations of the cavalry was concerned, was
taught in the present riding hall, in " the old
shed" at West Point, for no appropriations for
this new enterprise had then been made. It was
capable then to turn out efficient men, and I believe
it is still. I have never visited the present hall;
I suppose it to be a tolerably good one. I am
not sure but it is coeval with cavalry instructions
in that institution. I am not aware it is out of
repair. Some of it, I know, is of indestructible
materials, for we are told here that the lives and
limbs of the cadets are endangered by a liability
to run against the iron posts that sustain it.
But 1 wiii not detam the committee with ex-
tended remarks; and I only desired to make these
suggestions, not because they ore to have any in- 1
fluence one way or the other, but because 1 feared I
that the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois, .
if nothing was paid in reply, would conclude the
recommendations of the committee who repoited
back this bill. It is sufficient for  me to say, that
the Committee of Ways and Means dj,d not intend
or destre to pettifog or urge this measure upon
the House. They wished that this committee
and the House should have all the facts before
them, and then make such disposition of the mat-
ter as the good judgment of the House should
lead it to, without any regard to the opinions of
the Committee of Ways and Meant', or their
recommendation. I hope the vote will now be
taken.
Mr. WASH BURNS, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise.
The question was then taken; and the commit-
tee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment ottered by the gentleman
fiom Illinois, [Mr. 13i: skll.]
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon concumng with the Semite amendment ap-
propriating 000 for a cavalry exercise hall.
Mr. KEHR called for tellers; whi-li were or-
dered, and Messrs. McNun and Yah. were ap-
pointed.
Mr. LBTOlIER. It is manifest that there is
sm quotum pi o^ent, and I object to doing bwinewa
wil hout a quorum.
Mr. JOJNKK, of Tennessee. There is evidently
a quorum present, and I hope we shall go on. It
is too early to adjourn.
Mr. PECICUAM. The fact can be ascertained
by counting: the 1 iousc.
The CHAIRMAN. It would appear thatthcie
in a quorum picsenf. The question is upon con-
the (Senate's amendment, (Jpon that
question tellers have been ordeied. The tellers
will take their ph ccs.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
repotted—ayes 45, noes 56; no quorum voting.
jf'rirx of " Call the roll !55 " Call the roll '"j
The CHAIRMAN. The Clnur will ascertain
by counting the House whether there is a quorum
piesent.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now use.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot make
that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will first as-
certain whethei there be a quorum in the House.
M r. WAS J i BURNE, of Illinois. If we cannot
rise and adjourn without a quorum, we should
hfive to sir here ail night, f ask tha' the question
be put on the motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum pres-
ent. and tiie Chair cannot entertain the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to understand this
point. It 1 understand the de:ision of the Chair,
i shall take an appeal.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot take an
appeal. The rule requires that the ioil shall be
called whenever the committee finds itself without
a quorum; and no motion can be entertained until
it has bt en called.
Mr. LETCH ER. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that ihe motion for the committee to rise
cannot be entertained when there is not a quorum
present ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that no
motion can be entertained when the committee
finds itself without a quorum.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 appeal from tiie de-
S cision of the Chair. We might be kept here a
week, if iliat decision were to prevail.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order. The
rule prescribes that when the committee shall find
itself without a quorum the roll shall be called,
and the fucts stated to the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. JONES. I am stating a point of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman is discuss-
ing his question. No debate is in order, and I
submit that the gentleman from Tennessee is out
of order.
Mr. JONES. I am not debating the question.
The gentleman from "Virginia appealed from the
decision of the Chair-, and the point of order i
I make is, that no appeal can be entertained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call the gentleman to
ord er.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
no motion is in order; and the Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. KERR. 1 appeal from that decision.
Mr. JOIN ES. I again raise the question of or-
der that no appeal can be taken. The Chair has
decided that there is no quoium present, and less
than a quoium cannot decide a point of order.
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so deci-
ded-, and the Cleik will call the roll.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon my appeal.
The motion that the committee rise is always in
I older, whether there is a quorum present or not. I
insist that the committee shall decide the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recog-
nize no such appeal in the present stage of the
proceedings.
Mr. LETCHER. I>ut suppose a quorum of
members do not make their appearance, how am
1 to have my appeal decided? Am I to wait here
a week for them to come?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the
roll.
The Clerk then called the roll, and the names of
the absentees weie noted.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. .Tonj.s, of
New York) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union geneially under con-
sideration, and particularly the Military Academy
bill, with the Senate amendments thereto, and
having found itself without a quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, and the names of the absen-
tees to be noted, and hud directed him to repoit
the facts to the House, with the names of the ab-
sente< s, as follows:
Aheietoinhte, C. Allen, Willi* Allen,
A -he, Tin.in H B.h iy, H my, Hell, Kennetl, Benton,
Hli-x, Uncork, tttrckumfl£<'. Biooks, Campbell, Camihor*,
< 'ham bet lain, t rha*tain, < 'ook. Coi win, Co v, < 'uuue,
Cu intuit nr.Cut ti-., (Juttnm, 1 >e Witt, Diek, ih-ney, Uovvilell,
Drum, I'-mibai, lUntham, K.v-tm'an, Thomas I) Eliot,
Pahetni e, Kverhnrt, Kwuig, Faulkner, Fenton, Finale*,
Florence, Franklin, Fuller, (ramble, (J-oode, Goodtieii,
Creon, <>'ieemvood, Crey, Aadiew I. Harlan, Wilev I',
llairi-, He"d!iek-<, Hibbard, Hill, Hdlyer. ibuwon, liujer-
sull, Jolne-iui, Kent. Ivuhvell, Kuitz, Lamb, L.nte, Latham,
],}on,M< run.), h,31a< donald. A!ulhi!,McQueen, Maee,
Maey, M.uie^m. Minna e, Maxwell, Ma\. M.ivall. Meach
am, Joint G Miilei, MilNon, Moi an, Mom-on, XiehoN,
,\'ob|e, jNorton. UUI-, Andrew Oliver, Yioidei at Olivet, > r.
I'ackei, IVek. PcmnmMon, IlMiop I'erkin-., John I'eikiiK,
Phillips I'owHI, Pm-ton, Kenriy, llee^e, Riehmr^oti, Rid-
dle, Howe, Ru.-w-ll, Sabm, Sajio, Sendtier, Sewaid, Shan-
non, Shaw, Stiiimoit^, Hnwk'Kni, (Jernl Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William K. Smiih, Roller-', Fredenek P. cJunton,
Alexander JI. SU'plien<, Strauh, Andrew Sluait, David
Stuart, Tiout, Tweed, Wa'ker. WaHl) Wanen, f-r.u'l
W.i-hhnm, Wei's. Joint Weniworth, WeMbtook, Daniel
15. VViiyhl, Hemlock U. Wught, ami Zo!lieol?er.
The SPEAKER announced that 107 members
(less tiian a quorum) had answered to their names.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. H ENN. f desire to make a leport from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, if the gentleman
will withdraw the motion for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question was put; and the motion agreed
to: and
B Theieupon (at fifteen minutes before four
o'clock) the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, April 19, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbuiin.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Pres-
bytery of Portage, Ohio, remonstrating against the
passage of the Nebraska bill; which were ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of the
President and Directory of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, praying the passage of an act as-
senting to the act of the Legislature of Maryland
incorporating said company; arid also the passage
of an act incorpoiating said company within the
District of Columbia, with authority to extend and
construct said road from its terminus m George-
town through said town and the city of Washing-
ton, to the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road in the city of Washington, and to the navy-
yard and Potomac river; and a donation of public
laud, or an appropriation of money, to aid m its
construction; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of George
W. Lippitr, United States consul at Vienna, pi,ly-
ing compensation for diplomatic services, which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign P .eb-
tions.
Mr. COOPER presented twelve petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
thepassageof the Nebraska bill; which weie or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of steamboat inspectors, engine
builders, and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, representing the importance of Evans's
safety guard for pi eventing the explosion of steam-
boilers, and pi iym  the purchase of the patent
right, or the adoption of some other means of
making the same free to the public; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of western Penn-
sylvania, praying that the duty on salt may not
be abolished; which was referred to tiie Committee
on Finance.
Also, the petition of Joseph S. Kite, praying
the extension of his patent for an improvement in
the construction of railroad cars; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of citizens of the Territory of New Mexico, pray-
ing the establishment of a custom-house on the
Rio Grande, near the town of El Paso, either
within the limits of New Mexico or the State of
1'exas. The petitioners state, that a juat regard
i to the interests of the citizens of New Mex<co, in
their commercial relations with the Republic of
Mexico, requnes the establishment of a custom-
house. as above described, in consequence of the
late regulations of the tariff of Mexico, the duties
imposed by which have effected an entire prohibi-
tion of the introduction of all classes of goods.
The petitioner state further, that as the matter
I now stands, the commeii.e of New Mexico and
the United States, by way of Missouri, is entirely
prohibited by the onerous duties levied at the
frontier custom-house of El Paso; while, on the
other hand, the e tr/.ens of Mexico introduce into
New Mexico, free of duty, all their products,
manufactures, and imports, and by their competi-
tion, exclude from the market the products and
manufactures of their own country. The petition-
ers also suggest that, geographically considered,
the place called Fronteia, about eight miles north
of El Paso, on the Rio Giande, in the State of
Texas, would be the most suitable point for a
custom-house; that point commanding all the now
traveled pa'-xes to and from the town of El Paso.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
ROBERT C. THOMPSON.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the bill for the relief ot Robert C. Thomp-
son, together with the report accompanying it, he recom-
mitted io the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Orih'rcd, That the memorial of John 11. Jefferson and
Jain-'^ fl. Jenkins he vvalnhawn from fli^ files of the Sen-
ate, and it feired to the Committee on the l'ost Otfiee ami
I'Oft liouite.
