1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
a very considerable addition to^fie force now at the dispo-
sal of collectors, to superintend the delivery and storing of
imports.
Foi the foregoing reasons, it has been thought best to
limit the operation of the bill to steam-vessels.
It 13 not deemed necessary to insert any special provision
in the bill, in regard to the lien for freight. It is thought
best to leave it under the operation of existing laws.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, \oui obedient iservant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. H. Hamlin, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
United States Senate.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read a third time, and passed.
clerks' compensation bill.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the bill of
the Senate, to amend the third section of the act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1854, and for other purposes, with
two amendments, in which they ask the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 move that the Senate take*up
the message with the view of moving, as 1 have
authority to do, to concur in the amendments of
the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments.
The first amendment of the House was to strike
out the words " and all vacancies in any of the
classes named in said section mentioned shall be
filled by promotion from the class next below."
The second amendment was to add, at the end
of the bill, the following provmo:
c< Provided, That notluni; herein contained shall be con-
strued as making an appropuation tor any period beyond
the HOih of Jan'-, 5854."
Mr. ADAMS. The first amendment relates to
the filling of vacancies; the second only limits the
provision contained m the act to the present fiscal
year, which was intended by the Senate anyhow.
As the amendments are not important, 1 move
that the Senate concur in them.
The amendments were concurred in.
practical anesthesia.
Mr. EVERETT. I am desirous of asking the
attention of the Senate this morning to Senate bill
No. 210, to recompense the discoverer of practi-
cal anfesthesia. I move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration.
Mr. EVANS. I hope that bill will not be
taken up this morning. It requires some inves-
tigation. I have not yet given it that examina-
tion which I should desire to do. It is, I believe,
considered a private bill, and I did not anticipate
that it would be called up this morning; and,
therefore, I am not prepared to present my views
upon it.
Mr. EVERETT. I did not distinctly hear the
Senator's objection. This is a bill which passed
the Senate last year; and it is very much desired
by the parties interested that it should be acted
upon at an early day. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. EVANS'. I cannot withdraw my objec-
tion. I had no idea that the bill would be called
up this morning. If I have the right, I object,
therefore, to its being taken up out of its order.
Mr. WALKER. The motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I suppose, is at the disposi-
tion of the majority of the Senate. I hope that the
Senate will agree to the motion, and that the bill
will be taken up. It is a subject which has been
long before the Senate; and I think the Senator
from South Carolina has not yet turned his atten-
tion to it, or he would not object to it. The bill
has been as thoroughly investigated in both
Houses of Congress as any other which has been
before them for a number of years. I presume the
Senate are prepared to vote upon it; and I should
hope very much that we might now get a vote
upon it. .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs with amendments.
The amendments of the committee were to
insert the names of William T. G. Morton,
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Orilei cd. That the petition nt J. S. Gibson be withdrawn
from Uir (lies- of the Senate, and referred to trie Committee
on the Po=t Office and Po^f Road*!.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the petitions of Har-
riet A. Wilcox and Elizabeth A. W. Gibson,
praying to be allowed pensions, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred sundry petitions praying relief for
persons disabled by captivity in the Dartmoor
and other prisons during the late war with Great
Britain, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred documents in rela-
tion to the repeal of the tonnage duties on Spanish
vessels, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, on the ground that the committee i
had already submitted a report on the subject; j
which was agreed to. i
Mr. WADE,from the Committee on Claims, to
whom were referred the petition and papers in the
case of William Darby, praying remuneration for
the time and money spent by him in the survey
of the Sabine river, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
Bill for the relief of John Guzman, of Louisiana;
Bill for the establishment of a land office m the
Lower Peninsula of Michigan:
Which were signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
FACILITIES IN UNLOADING CARGOES.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill to
prevent unnecessary delays in the unloading of
cargoes arriving from foreign ports, have directed
me to report in favor of the passage of the bill,
with an amendment. ■ As this is a matter of con-
siderable public importance, as the amendment of
the committee is recommended by the Depart-
ment, and as there can be no serious objection to
the bill, I ask that it be now taken up. The
tobject is simply to dispense, where the owner
requires it, wnh the delay of five days in unload-
ing cargoes arriving by steamships.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to considei the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to strikeout all after the enacting clause,
and.insert the following:
That whenever merchandise "hall hereafter he impoited
into any port of the United States from any foreign country
in vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and it
shall appear bv the bills of lading that the merchandise so
imported is to' he delivered immediately after the entry of
the vessel, it shall be lawfal for the collector at such port to
take possession of sueli merchandise and deposit the same
m bonded warehouse. But whenever it shall not appear
by the bills of lailmg that the merchandise lmpoited, as
aforesaid, is to be immediately delivered, it shall be lawful
for the collector of the customs to take possession of the
same and deposit it in bonded warehouse at the request of
the owner, master, or consignee of the vessel, on three
days' notice to such collector alter the entry of the vessel.
And a!I acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the fore-
going provision are hereby repealed.
Mr. SEWARD. The chairman of the com-
mittee has received from the Secretary of the
Treasury a letter, recommending this substitute in
these words:
Treasury Department, Jljiril 11, 1854.
Sir : I have the honor to return herewith the bill and
other papers inclosed m join letter of the 15th ultimo, in-
tended to prevent unneces^aiy delay in the unlading of iffl-
norts from vessels from foreign poits. . .
I inclose, also, a ihaltof a bill which, m my .opinion, is
calculated to meet the necessiues of the case, and which is
respectfully recommended as a substitute tor the dialt in-
closed in your letter.
You will perceive that its operation is confined to steam-
vessels, as it is undeistood that the difficulties and delays
complained of, arc mainly in leferenee to that description
of vessels employed as regular and established lines tor the
tiansportation of merchandise and passengers between
polls of F.urope and the United States.
To make the provisions of the bill applicable to all vessels,
would so increase the business of the customs as to require
Charles T. Jackson, and Horace Wells, as the
probable discoverers; and to fill a blank in the bill,
relative to the amount to be paid, with $100,000.
The amendments of the committee were agreed
to.
The bill, as amended, recites that a discovery has
been made, and is now in practice, whereby the
human body can J>e rendered safely insensible to
pain in dental, surgical, and obstetrical operations,
by the use of what are commonly called anaes-
thetic agents, and the Government of the United
States has been and is in the enjoyment of the dis-
covery, in the military and naval service; and that
it is believed that the discovery was made by some
one of the following persons: William T. G.
Morton, Charles T. Jackson, each of Boston, and
Horacc Wells, of Hartford,deceased; but it does
not appear, to the satisfaction of Congress, which
of those parties was the original, true, and first
discoverer thereof; and as Congress is willing to
provide a recompense for such discovery when as-
certained, it proposes to appropriate $100,000, to
be paid by the Secretary ot the Treasury as a
: recompense for the discovery, and the use and
S benefit thereof by the Government and people of
i the United States.
It is to be the duty of the district attorney of
the United States for the northern district of New
York, within a reasonable time after the passage
of the bill, to file in the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for that district, sitting in equity, a bitl
of interpleader, wherein, reciting the act, or its
substance, the Secretary of the Treasury, as trus-
tee of the sum appropriated, shall be complainant,
and William T. Gr. Morton, CharlesT. Jackson,
i and the personal representative or representatives
i of Horace Wells, and any other person or per-
i son3 who may make application to the court fox*
that purpose, shall be defendants; of which bill
! those parties slmll take notice, and may appear, and
1 answer,aml makeproofs-.andthe circuit court is to
have jurisdiction of the case, and it is to be tried
according to the practiceofthe court, in equity cases;
and the issue is to be, which one of the parties
named was the original, true, and first discoverer of
the discovery; and by final decree in such case, the
court is to decide that issue, and direct that the
sum of §100,000, without any costs, to be paid over
to the party who shall be found to have been such
discoverer, or to his personal representative or
representatives or assignee. B t if onR or mors
of the defendants shall conceive himself or them-
selves to he aggrieved by the decree, he cy they
may, within twenty days after the making of the
decree, appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the payment of the sum shall be sus-
pended until final disposition be made of the case
by that court; and if it shall appear that either of
the defendants holds a patent for the discovery^ of
the means of applying it, which, in the judement
of the circuit court, is valid, it is to be the duty of
that court to certify the fact to the Secretary, who
is thereupon to withhold from that defendant the
sum appropriated, should it be decreed to him by
the final decree, until he shall have executed, under
his hand and seal, an instrument in writing sur-
rendering the patent, and granting the fiee use of
the discovery, and the means of using or apply-
ing it, to theGovernment and peopleof theUnited
States; which instrument shall be lodged in the
Patent Office, and entered on the records thereof.
Before the sum of $100,000 shall be paid to either
of the parties named, he is to make oath in due
form of lav/ that he has not been guilty of collu-
sion with either of the other parties named, in any
way whatever.
Mr. EVERETT. I wish to move a further
amendment, in the second section, to strike out
the words "or assignee," in the provision direct-
ing the payment of the amount to the discoverer,
or to his personal representatives or assignee. In
the early stage of this discovery, when two of the
I persons nanied, Dr. Morton and Dr. Jackson,
! were in connection with each other as partners,
Dr. Jackson made an assignment of his interest
in it to Dr. Morton, for a small consideration.
The state of things is now entirely changed; the
relations of the parties to the subject and to each
other are changed; and neither of them wishes to
take any advantage, or to make any use of the as-
signment; and at the joint suggestion and request
of both of them, I am desirous that the bill shall
be so amended as to strike out these words, in
order that when a decision is made by the Su-
