1S54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801'
head alone; and the estimates come from the Quar-
termaster General. No others are provided for
there; whilst those performing other service under
other heads, are estimated Tor by persons in charge
of those heads or service, and we appropriate for
them under those heads, and those only. This
may be difficult of explanation, but I believe it
easily understood, if the mind is brought to bear
upon it. lfgentlemen will look at the bill, this
matter will need no further explanation. It says:
" For fuel and quarters, and fer mileage or transportation
for officers and enlisted soldiers of the Army serving in thy
Coast Purvey, in cases no lonzertteovidedfor by the quar-
termaster's department, $10,000.^^
If it had been provided for in the quartermas-
ter's department, it would not have been here.
They are detached from the regular line of ser-
vice and placed here, and here we estimate and ap-
propriate for them. I have done in reference to
this matter.
Now, i desire to say to the committee that we
have been laboring on this bill for three or four
days. Great and important amendments have
come and are still to come to us from the Senate
to other bills which we have acted upon, and we
shall want all the time lett of the session for their
discussion. There are at most but fourteen work-
ing days left of the session; and to avoid passing
our appropriation bills by committees of confer-
ence, to which, for one, I will never consent, I
hope we shall give the rest of our time to other
work than damaging the officers of the Army. 1
suggest and hope we shall now soon bring this
debate to a close, and go at once to voting on the
bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I deeply regret, Mr.
Chairman, that invidious distinctions have crept
nto this House of Representatives. For the last
two or three days such distinctions have been
made in the discussion on this bill between citi-
zens of a common country. It ought not to be
so. I am the last man who would reflect on the
character of our gallant and patrioticsoldiery; the
last man to do them the least injustice. While I
say this, however, I am for holding each man to
his proper and appropriate sphere. JLrtthe mili-
tary men attend to military matters, ifjm the civil-
ians to civil matters. 1 like to see members of the
bar attending to the law; physicians to physic and
their patients; the politician to politics, and the
mechanic to his trade.
The proposition now before us for consideration
is for an increase of the salaries of certain officers.
I hold that we have the right to command the en-
tire time and attention of officers of the Army and
Navy. But while gentlemen urge the peculiar
claims of these officers, why do they not propose
an increase of the poor soldier's pay? He is the
man who fights your battles.
My friend from New York [Mr. Haven] is
mistaken. Propositions are, time and again, pre-
sented to us for compromise of the accounts of
officers who seem to stand in default to the Gov-
ernment. Such a case was up the other day. I
hope that I shall always be found acting liberally
towards these officers who are thus placed, by
misfortune or otherwise.
Buf I see, Mr. Chairman, that the military are
making rapid strides in monopolizing positions
which could be occupied by civilians and mechan-
ics. Wehave heard much talk of standing armies.
The policy of this 'Government ever has been to
have its standing army of the people of the coun-
try; and I am opposed to building up any set of
men, military or otherwise, calculated to make
war on the free institutions of the country. I
should like to see this Administration giving mil-
itary appointments to the military, and civil ap-
pointments to the civilians. I think that the pay
■of the officers is now sufficiently high; buf 1 am
of opinion that my colleague's amendment will
meet this case. Officers in California, where the
expenses are higher than they are in the States,
oughtto have increased pay I admit. Theamend-
ment of my colleague will meet fully and fairly
the justice of this case, and I hope it may be
adopted.
Mr. HAVEN, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment. jtffc'
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I move ■■fceml
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] by striking out thfe words " neces-
sary and actual."
I do not think it is necessary in this debate to
say one word further upon this subject; for the
clear-minded gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] quite met the case that I wished to bring
before the committee. But I am provoked to say
one word here, in consequence of the remarks
which have fallen from the two gentlemen from
Virginia.
1 do not, con amore, array myself against Vir-
ginia; but it so happens that upon the only occa-
sions when I have intruded myself upon the at-
tention of the House, 1 have been forced into op-
position to the views of some of the gentlemen
representing that State.
The argument made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] refutes itself. He admits that
the mileage allowed to officers of the Army does
not begin to meet the actual expenses which are
incurred by those who are sent to California, Ore-
gon, and the distant possessions of the country.
Notwithstanding, no appropriations are made by
Congress to supply the deficiency in the ex-
penses of these Army officers, and they are im-
poverished in your distant territories, while their
families are left by Congress to starve at home.
No provision is made by Congress for thesegentle-
men, nor is any proposed to be madetosupply
these extra expenses. How is it possible for an
economical officer of the Army to meet these ex-
penses? The law fixes ten cents a mile, not eight
dollars for twenty miles travel, as a commutation
for traveling expenses. True, an officer of the
Army may travel upon your railways and steam-
boats for three cents a mile; and an economical,
prudent, and sagacious man will put the extra
seven cents in his pocket, to meet the large ex-
penses which he must incur when he is sent into
your distant territories, where the Government
makes no provision for his expenses, and where,
perhaps, it costs him fifty to seventy-live cents a
mile to reach his point of destination.
A Member. And what must he eat?
Mr. STUART. He must eat acorns. They
live like the wild Indians of the forest when (hey
are among them. They live so, because this Gov-
ernment is too parsimonious to pay for the value
of their services. There is a distinction between
the civil and military men who are employed upon
your public works; ay, there is a distinction—a
most unjust and invidious distinction. A lieuten-
ant in the Army is paid $1 50 a day. I ask the
attention of gentleman of the committee to the fact
that a subaltern in the Army is paid one dollar a
day, and there is an allowance made here to cover
comm utation, fuel, quarters, of $1 50 a day. Grant-
ing that, and the pay of the subaltern is $2 50 a
day, all told, what is the civilian who is employed
in the same service paid? His pay is eight dol-
lars per day. The subaltern gets one dollar per
day, pay proper, and $1 50 per day commutation
for fuel and quarters, and extra expenses. And
the civilian gets $G 50 per day pay proper, and
$1 50 per day commutation for the same expenses.
That is the inequality and the injustice of the
system.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen of the committee: Few things have sur-
prised me more than the springing up of this dis-
cussion. I submitted a proposition, I hope the
committee will mark, a proposition to give officers
of the Army when they travel the sum actually
and necessarily expended by them, no matter
where it is. In some portions of the Union the
law allowing ten cents a mile to officers traveling
is actually allowing a bonus to the officers selected
for the purpose; while the law allowing the same
remuneration in other parts of the Union does not
permit the payment of the expenses actually in-
curred. In this state of things, then, the gentle-
men are tendered a proposition which equalizes
this thing, which gives to each officer the sum
actually and necessarily expended by him; and
they decry it. Well, sir, this being the proposi-
tion that I have submitted—one of equity and jus-
tice, it seemed to me—it ought not to have provoked
the opposition of gentlemen here; but I have been
unfortunate enough to provoke by it the ire of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] He
is provoked at that simple proposition, equitable
and just as it is. And that gentleman follows the
lead of the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
and talks about the allowances for traveling made
to members of Congress. Now, I beg to ask the
gentleman from Michigan what amount of mileage
he receives ?
Mr. STUART. Eight dollars for every: twenty
miles.
Mr, SMITH. How much does he receive in
the lump ? That is what I want to know.
Mr. STUART. I receive just in the same pro-
portion as the gentleman from Virginia does, 1
receive a great deal more than I deserve,-and a
great deal more than 1 am worth, and so, { think,
does the getitleman.from "V .rginia. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Now, I ask the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] how much he receives?
Mr. LANE. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] want to know that?
Mr. SMITH. Ay. The gentleman who taunts
me with receiving mileage at the rate" of eight dol-
lars per twenty miles receives, I suppose, $4,000
for mileage ?
Mr. LANE. Yes; all of that.
Mr. SMITH. Five thousand dollars?
Mr. LANE. Yes; all of it.
Mr. SMITH. And the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] receives $1,000 or $2,000,1 sup-
pose, to pay his.traveling expenses from Michigan
to Washington ?
Mr. STUART. No,sir;'notsomuch. I wish
I did. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Well, now I say to these gen- '
tlemen who talk about mileage to members of
Congress, that I am willing to concur with them
in supporting a law for the repeal of the whole of
this allowance.
Mr. LANE. I want to reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, if he will allow me. *
Mr. SMITH. I would cheerfully comply with
the request of the gentleman from Oregon, if time
allowed.
Mr. LANE. Then I say that the gentleman
has no right to ask me a question without giving
me a chance of replying.
Mr. SMITH. I put the question, and you
might have answered it by saying so many thou-
sands of dollars.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman should give me
an opportunity of replying to his question, as J
desire.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Oregon
must know that five minutes is too short a time to
admit of more than one speech being made in it.
I cannot comply with the gentleman's request. It
is not outof disrespect to the gentleman, but from
necessity, that 1 decline to yield him the floor.
Mr. LANE. I will not answer a question, un-
less I am allowed to reply to it fully.
Mr. SMITH. You could have answered it in
a shorter time than this discussion has consumed.
Well, now, Mr. Chairman, this is a proposition
which is impartial in its operation. But the gen-
tlemen hinge an argument upon it as to the bad
pay of the officers of the Army. I say to these
gentlemen that I am willing to go .with them in
putting this thing upon a right and proper princi-
ple. This mileage allowance gives to officers
in one portion of the country a handsome addi-
tion to their pay, while the poor starveling on the
frontier, who has got the hard work to do, does
not come in/or a share of it.
Mr. STUART. They take their turns.
Mr. SMITH. I say they do not take their
turns. That is the objection I have to it. When
the actual sum necessarily expended ispaid to the
officer who travels, there will not be, perhaps, any
anxiety to obtain orders for surveys and distant
expeditions. 1 cannot understand why some of
these gentlemen should receive less than fifty dol-
lars a year for mileage, while so many others re-
ceive thousands of dollars. The whole question,
then, comes to the proposition which I make
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART then withdrew his amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, moved a pro forma
amendment, and said: Mr. Chairman, when I
made the motion to strike out the clause in refer-
ence to fuel, officers' quarters, &c., I did not
expect to draw out so interesting a discussion as
we have since had; but I now look upon it as a
public service that I performed when I made the
motion, and called upon the Committee of Ways
and Means for explanations.
Now, sir, I desire to disclaim any opposition to
the Army m the remarks which I make in regard
to appropriations for the Army. I am friendly to
the Army, and to the officers of the Army, many
of whom I know personally, and know to be men
