1854.
T E-CONGRESSIONAL GLOOSE.
mm
on" the Pacific coast, in which he states that, owing
to the temptations to desertion and the distance
from the seat of Governmental Washington, it is
impossible to maintain, upon the part of the Gov-
ernment, a sufficient force to defend the fron-
tiers.
Again: I wish, to state to the committee that
these accounts were audited apd settled and paid
according to the rales and regulations of the Army
of the United States. :I will read'a short extract
from the report of the State comptroller of Cali-
fornia as to the mannerin which theaccounts were
settled by that State. He says:
" A rigid and careful scrutiny has been exercised by the
Board Oi Examiners, (consisting ofihe Comptroller, Treas-
urer, and Secretary of State,) in the auditing of war chums,
and in the allowances made therefor. Full voucher*, sat-
isfactory proofs, and evidence of the authenticity of each
was required, **id in the settlement the board, as required
by law, endeavored to be guided ( by the rules and regula
tions of tliK Unittd States Army,' precisely the mode and
manner of such settlement." jj
Now, I will further call the attention of th,e J
committee to some facts having a bearing on the i
subject. There have been ten different wars with !
the Indian tribes of the State, and ten different 1
expeditions sent against them. The amount called
for by the State to reimburse what has been paid |
may be thought to be a very large amount. But |
gentlemen will remember that two small expedi- j
tions in Oregon have cost $380,000. We have i
appropriated at this present session of Congiess
$175,00U to pay for the cost of one expedition j
against the Ro^ue river Indians. We have also ;
appropriated $175,000 to pay the expenses of the :
Cayuse war. If a series of wars in California, j
through a period of three years, has cost the gov- i
ernmenfof that State nearly $1,000,000, the com- 1
mittee will remember that the Florida war cost j
the Government $40,000,000. '
This war has been on our part economically j
conducted. We ask only that Congress will not |
insist on our discharging this debt; a debt upon |
which we are paying annually an interest of j
$80,000. The debt is not justly due from Cali- i
forma, ft is due from the Federal Government. !
It is justly due from the Federal Government, and
we ask that it shall be paid, not as a matter of
favor, but as a matter of right. If a State can have ]
any right under the Constitution, we have a valid
one m this claim, and 1 earnestly hope it may not
be denied to us.
Mr. PARKER. I do not lise to oppose the
proposition of the gentleman fiom California. J
have no doubt, from the manner in which it has
been presented, of the merits of thequestion. 1
have no doubt that the State of California has in-
curred the expenses in question for the purpose of
protecting her frontier. For this expenditure she
ought to be indemnified; and Congress ought to
indemnify her at this session. There might he,
X imagine, some question of order raised on the
presentation of tins amendment. But under
the circumstances it may be let pass. If theie are
meritorious claims involved in the case, and no
doubt there are, it is immaterial to me in what
form they are presented. Congress ought to dis-
pose of them without hesitation. If the gentle-
man from California will admit of theamendment
which i am about to propose to his amendment, I
shall go for it with great cheerfulness, and I think
the House oughtto adopt it with equal cheerfulness.
The Amendment I propose is this: Insert after the
word "incurred" the words "and now actually
paid."
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly; I accept that
amendment.
Mr. PARKER. With these words I think
there can be no question but this amendment ought
to pass. This Government is bound to protect
not only the California frontier, but all the other
frontiers of the Republic. If these expenses have
been incurred by the State of California, and have
been actually paid, it seems to me there can be no
question whatever about our liability to reimburse
them, and to reimburse them at once. But if the
amount is to be left open to be determined hereafter,
to be considered whenever it may please the State
to pay this amount, God only knows where the
end of it will he. But if we find that the accounts
are now paid it seems to me that this amendment
should be passed without any hesitation.
Mr. M ACY, by unanimous consent, then with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. ORR. I move to increase the appropria-
tion one dollar, for the purpose of making a few
remarks.
With the guards which the gentleman from
California has thrown around the amendment
which he has offered to the consideration of the
committee, I shall vote for it. I* think this sum
should be paid to the State of California The
circumstances of the settlement of California were
peculiar, and it was out of the question for the
Government to think of extinguishing the Indian
title to that country. When the annunciation
went through the country that gold in immense
quantities had been discovered there, a large num-
ber of emigrants immediately sought that region.
They went and took possession of land belonging
to the Indians throughout the whole length and
breadth of California. The Indians were driven
back, and they commenced war upon the settlers
and citizens of California from one end of the
State to the other. It was perfectly natural that
they should have done so. The Government hud
but very few troops there, and of the few they
had, a large portion-deserted. It was impossible
for the officers to keep the men in the service of
the Government, and California was compelled
to order out her own citizens to suppress the hos-
tilities. These expenses were therefore incurred
in California in making defenses which the Gov-
ernment ought to have made, and which .^he was
doubly bound to make, for the reason that she
had not extinguished the Indian title. She had
not removed, as she was bound to do, the cause
of the war.
The amendment which has been proposed by the
gentleman from California is sufficiently guarded:
and if the State of California has audited the ac-
counts, and paid $900,000, it is just, and fair, and
right, that the Geneial Government should le-
imburse this sum. The sum, it is true, looks to
be large, and yet you know the exceeding high
price of everything" in California at that time.
Now, to extinguish the Indian title to the terri-
tory situated in Georgia and Alabama, which be-
longed to the Cherokee Indians, the Government
paid more than $10,000,000, while we have not
paid one single dollar to extinguish the Indian
title in the State of California. We could not have
expected anything less than these disturbances; ;
and when the expenses thereof have been devolved |
upon the State of California, it is rieht and just
that we should compensate California for that out-
lay.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely rise to inquire of
the gentleman from South Carolina whether this
account has been presented to the War Depart-
ment, or to any other Department of the Govern-
ment for investigation ?
Mr. ORR. The amendment which the*gentle-
man from California has framed, directs that the
Secretary of War shall audit this account, and
pay not exceeding $900,000, if the State of Cali-
fornia has paid it.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand all that; but
whenever a proposition of this sort is made, it
seems to me that it ou^ht to he presented to a De-
| parrment, and the Depaitrnent he required to fur-
; nish to the House such information a^ is inHheir
possession, acquired either from the State of Cal-
ifornia, or fiom some other source.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman tmm Virginia will
allow me to suggest that there is no information
in any Department of this Government in ielation
to this matter which it could furnish. These
transactions occurred in California, and the ser-
vices were performed by Slate troops entirely, and
| not by United States troops; and information in
relation thereto could not be procured at the War
Department.
Mr. LETCEIER. This is not the first case
which has come before Congress for indemnity
for expenses incurred in the defense of a Slate.
But the other day we had an application under
consideration, for reimbursements of a similar
kind to the State of New York. We have had
various applications since the Mexican war for
reimbursements of expenses incurred b^ States in
that war. Why hasnot this matterbeen presented
by the Department? Why has it not been re-
ferred to a committee of this House for them to
examine'the facts, ascertain whether this money
was due or not, and report to the House?
Mr. ORR. This amendment is a report of a
committee of this House.
Mr. LETCHER. What committee?
Mr. ORR. The Committee,on Military Affaiiis.
Mr. McDOUGALL. AjhI I presented that
report to the gentleman from -Virginia this day,-
Mr. LETCHER. Not in reference toihis debt,
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir, in reference to
this very debt.
' Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman showed me
a paper in reference to the civil debt of California,
but I do not recollect any in reference to thi^.
Now, sir, I do not like the way in which this
matter comes before this •committee. The mem-
bers of the House have not seen any report upon
this subject. We are to take it for granted that
this money has been paid, and that it isd«e. We
are to take it without explanation,"and without
investigation.
Mr. ORR. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Virginia one question. I suppose the Secretary
of War hfed ascertained that nine hundred and
some odd thousand dollars had been paid by
the State of California bona fide to the citizens of
that State for the suppression of Indian hostilities.
Would the gentleman say that we should not re-
fund that money ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I, would not say
any thing of the sort.
Mr. ORR. Now, let me make one other re-
mark, and I think I can obviate the difficulty ^of
the gentleman from Virginia in reference to, this
amendment. The amendment only,provides that
this money shall be paid when the Secretary of
War shall have ascertained that it has been act-
ually paid by the State of California.
Mr. LETCHER. But let me ask my friend
from South Carolina how we are to know that
the money has been paid in good faith by Califor-
nia? How are we to know that that State has
not paid out nominally or really two, three, or
four times as much as was necessary, and now
comes here to have the whole amount paid back
by the United States Government ?
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman suppose a
sovereign State of this Confederacy woula«?et to
work m this manner to trump up claims against
the Government for the benefit of her citizens?
Mr. LETCHER. I know that such intima-
tions have been made with regard to Virginia.
Mr ORR. But nobody would believe them,
especially of Virginia,
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I want the mat-
ter fairly understood; that is all.
Mr ORR. I will withdraw my amendment.
The question now being upon Mr.McDouGALi/s
amendment,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dickinson
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 95, noes 28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 4. JinS be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he hereby authorized and empowered to
sell and convoy to the city ot St. Loui->, the ground on
wlucti the St. Louis sirseunl ttow stands, with i he perma-'
nent and fixed impiovernuitj*: Provided, The city shall first
pay into the T ea«ury of the United States the sum of
<<£••250,000, which <iim, when ^o paid, shall he immediately
applicable, ami hoiehy is> appropriated, to the construction
oi another arsenal, and the removal thereto-of the arms,
munition*, machinery, and took-*, now in the St. Louis arse-
i nal: Jind provided ais->, That possesion of" the said arsenal
I and ground shall not be delivered to the said city until after
i the new arsenal is built, and ihe arms, munitions, machin-
S cry,and*tool- aforesaid removed thereto : Jlnd pravidedfur-
j ther. That the cession, when made, and possession thereof
delivered, shall remain forever a public park.
If I can get the attention of the committee for
three or four minutes, I wish to explain this
amendment. In the first place, I have to say that
i believe it differs from all the amendments here-
tofore offered; inasmuch as it makes no appropri-
ation. The case, sir, is this. There was an
arsenal built near St. Louis many years ago, when
the country around it was desolate and deserted.
There was also a magazine built there, but the
progress of population required that it should be
removed. The progress of population about the
arsenal now requires that it should be removed
also. Ten or twelve miles below the city, the
Government own a tract of land where the bar-
racks and magazine are situated. The proposal,
then, is to transfer this arsenal, or rather to super-
sede it, by one built upon the barrack tract.
This subject was referred to the Committee on
