18d4.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
business here; but, sir, I take the ground that great
national interests are involved in it. Interests
which not merely run through all the commercial
branches of interests of this nation, but interests,
to some extent, affecting the existence of the Gov-
ernment. The supremacy of law is involved in it.
It is, in part, to vindicate the supremacy of the
law that my voice is heard upon this occasion.
I do not rise, sir, to join in any controversy
which is merely local, and affects no general or
national interest. But, sir, in the present case, we
see the sovereignty of the great Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania sunken in the municipal power
of a sort nf seven-by-nine town on the southern
shore of Lake Erie. We see the officers of the
law ridden down by an enraged populace—an un-
restrained mob. There is no arm stretched forth
by the Keystone State to shield these officers, or
to enforce the obligations of law and order. It
strikes me, therefore, that it has become some-
thing more than a controversy between Ohio and
Pennsylvania.
Mr. Chairman, the first gentleman from the
State of Pennsylvania who addressed the commit-
tee [Mr. Ritchie] hinged his whole argument on
the charge that some citizens of Ohio, who are in-
terested m thecharterof the Franklin Canal Com-
pany, had acted fraudulently, and had transcended
the limits of the power ceded to them. Sir, were
I to admit his premises, I find nothing in them
which justifies his excuse for the State of Penn-
sylvania which is not founded oil the false hy-
pothesis that two wrongs make one right, or that
one wrong justifies another.
I deny, however, that the gentleman has estab-
lished, by any fact which he has adduced, a single
charge against the law-abiding spirit of those per-
sons in Ohio or Pennsylvania who were interested
in the charter of the Franklin Canal Company.
For, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding he has read
the decision of the court at large, he was com-
pelled to admit the fact, that no writ had ever been
issued restraining that company from making its !
road in the manner in which it has been con-
structed, and which has been torn up by a lawless
mob.
Yes, I say [to Mr. Ritchie] that the gentleman
has fully admitted that no injunction had ever
been granted against these persons no process of
law repelled in all their proceedings. If this be
the case, this Franklin Canal Company have not
violated any law, and have done nothing nioie
than to exercise the rights granted to them by
their charter1—have tianscended 110 bonds of legal
right—have stucken no blow at the majesty of the
law. , .
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I stated
that the Fianklin Canal Company had violated |
the law, but that the violation of it had not been
emoined. I stated that the decision was made, [
that they had violated their charter, and I pre- |
sented that decision.
Mr CAMPBELL. Well, then, no writ re- ,
straining them from proceeding has ever been is- |
sued by any court of the State of Pennsylvania. >
They are not chargeable with obstructing the ex-
edition of any judicial process. _ ,
Now, Mr. Chairman, m relation to the great r
—the practical merits—of this question, 1 1
have a few words to say. We have three great
national interests—interests not commed to the ,
State of Ohio, or to the State of Pennsylvania, but
national interests. They are—agriculture, winch
produces; the manufactures, which fabnc^e; and
the commerce, which transmits the article from
the point where it is produced to the ponn u.ieie
it is consumed. These arc our three great not.onal
interests, which, of right, may cla.m the protection
of national legislation. 1
The fHrrtiei, it is said, WHO makes two spears of
orass to o-row where but one gi ew betoi e is a pub- .
He benefactor. The mechanic, whose ingenuity
gives to the world a piece of mechanism by which
labor and expense is saved, is a puoliobenefoctor.
The merchant, who is engaged 111 comme.ie,
and whose eneigy opens up new n.u
thoroughfares for the transporta.ion ot the.^e p ^
ducts of industry, is a benefactor >ow, M •
Chairman, that community, that Stnle, or uha.
people, which throw obstacles and obstructions
II f the pi ogress of either ot these great
, therefore, enemies to the welfare ot
111 the way of me pi ogres;
intcrehts
society.
interests are.
The Sute of Pennsylvania, or rather the town
of Erie, requires that there shall be a break of
gauge in the railroad at that point, by which all
the commerce of the Mississippi valley which
crosses to the Atlantic, and all that passes from
the Atlantic to the Mississippi valley, shall be sub-
jected to a sort of taxation for the benefit of that
village. That, I say, sir, is such an obstruction as
is adverse to the great national commerce which
passes along that lake shore, and forms an obsta-
cle to the progressive spirit of the times. Why, I
ask, do we come here to legislate and discuss pro-
positions to open harbors upon your lakes, to im-
prove the great natural thoroughfares—the rivers
of the West—if we are to submit quietly and
tamely to the erection of artificial obstructions at
Erie?
Sir, with the same propriety might the citizens
of St. Louts claim, for the beneht of that flour-
ishing city, that there should be no improvement
of the river above it. So might the citizens of
Cincinnati, with the same propriety, claim that we
have no right to improve the Ohio river above that
point, because such improvement, though national,
might affect injuriously the local interests of that
city. But the citizens of Erie, backed by the
Governor of the State and the Representatives of
Pennsylvania upon this floor, insist upon it that
this brake of gauge shall exist there, and give as
their only reason that the people of the town of
Erie are benefited thereby, at the expense of a na-
tional commerce.
You have a proposition before this House to
construct a canal around the falls of the Ohio
river at Louisville. The Government has already
constructed the Louisville and Portland canal, and
for what purpose? Why, the God of Nature had
broken the gauge in navigation at the falls of the
Ohio, by means of which, before the canal was
made, the farmers, the mechanics, and the mer-
chants, who were interested 111 the commerce of
that nver, were compelled to tranship the products
of their industry. This Government said that they
would make a continuous and uniform gauge; and
that they would use the funds of the National
Treasury for the purpose of facilitating the national
commerce that passed over these waters. Did
anybody ever hear the citizens of Louisville—a
city whose local interests require the tranship-
ment of these products—going out with arms and
shooting down the officers or employees of the
Government who were engaged in the const) uc-
tion of that work of internal improvement? No,
sir; they were controlled by no such selfish and
contracted policy as that which now runs rampant
at Erie. Did anybody hear of the ladies of the
city of Louisville going out with axes and saws
and rotten eggs for the purpose of enforcing their
I legal rights? No, sir. Yet such disgraceful
scenes as these have been piesented constantly,
almost daily, in the city of Erie, where they seem
! to think that the industry of the nation should be
| compelled to pay the expense of building up their
one-horse town. Whether the ladies who have,
' with rotten eggs, attempted to control this great
I question belong to " upper tendom " or " lower
■ tendom " 1 do not know. Whether they belong
i to the Woman's Rights party proper or not 1
am not informed; but I will say 
I Mr. GAMBLE. I would beg leave to state,
: that the gentleman from Ohio totally misappre-
: hends the facts m relation to what the citizens j
of Eiie want. I hope the gentleman does not
desire to misrepresent either the city of Erie or j
the State of Pennsylvania. ;
Mr CAMPBELL. Whot does Erie want' i
Mr. GAMBLE. With the permission of the
o-entleman, I will state what, the citizens of Erie ;
want. They do not contend that there shall be |
an additional break of gauge at the boiough of
Ene. There is now a uiflVienee of gauge between
the roads of the State of Ohio and those of the
i' Stale of New York; or, m other -uoids, the rail-
loads of New York have one gauge, and the rail-
roads of Ohio have another; hence there must ol
necessity he a break of gauge, or inteiruption, some-
' where. Whether that break of gouge be jn Penn-
sylvania or in the State of New York ran m no
way I respectfully submit, effect the mteiests oi
Ohio, or any part of the great West. But the
question arises", wheie should it of nghtbemader
These two companies—the Franklin Cans! Com-
pany. and the Erie ard Noithenst Company—ob-
tained from the Legislature of ^Pennsylvania the
to construct roads, both of which were to
pnvi.ege t
terminate at the city of Erie. The Northeast road
adopted a six feet gauge, under a contract with
the New York and Erie road, and to suit the gauge
of that road, while the Franklin Canal Company
adopted the Ohio gauge of four feet ten inches.
After having adopted these gauges they-obtained
from the city of Erie the privilege of extending
their roads into the city, upon conditions that they
would afford certain facilities to the trade of tile
important harbor of Erie, and maintain thegauge
adopted by them. Instead of carrying out this
agreement in good faith, they adopted a grade
which carries them some ten or twelve feet above
the level of the streets of Erie, which they cross
on bridges thus elevated, and at a distance of a
mile and a quarter from the harbor.
Last winter the Legislature of Pennsylvania
repealed her restrictive gauge law, and very soon
thereafter it became manifest that both these com-
panies had transferred their roads and franchises
to New York and Ohio companies, and were to
be conducted without regard to the restrictions
contained in their charters, and in violation of
their solemn agreements with the authorities of
Erie. Thus we find therti tearing up their track,
and relaying, it updn a different gauge, not the
gauge of any of the New York roads with which
they unite, but making it necessary to break
gauge not only at Dunkirk, in the State of New
York, but also at Buffalo.
It is for these flagrant violations of the rights of
Erie, secured to her by the Legislature of the
State, and by her contracts with those companies,
that she has, in her corporate capacity, deemed it
proper for her, in a manner, to redress her wrongs,
and not, as has been asserted, merely for the paltry
purpose of compelling those companies to make a
change of gauge at Erie, and theieby obstruct and
impede the business of this great thoroughfare.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As the gentleman has in-
terrupted me, and made an 'argument in support
of his own side of the question, I will ask him a
question. I want him to tell me, why it is, if the
people of Erie have the law and justice upon their
side, that they do not submit to the law, and seek
redress from it?
Mr. GAMBLE. I thank the gentleman for
asking the question, and I will answer it with the
greatest pleasure, if he will give me the opportu-
nity.
The committee have been informed that this
Franklin Canal Company have been acting for
more than a year in violation of a decision of the
supreme court of Pennsylvania, that their charter
had been fraudulently used for a purpose not em-
braced in the law of incorporation, and for which
they had in law no franchise, no existence, but
that it has been acting by the sufferance of the
people of Erie, who, rather than the business of
this great thoroughfare should be interrupted 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) 1 cannot
give way to the gentleman to make an argument.
We have heard all this before.
Mr. GAMBLE. One moment. The citizens
of Pennsylvania did not desire to interrupt their
facilities for intercourse with the people of Ohio;
for, permit me here to say, that up to this time
i nothing but the utmost kindness, the utmost com-
: ity of feeling, has ever existed between the citizens
of Pennsylvania and the citizens of Ohio. More
than a year since the supreme court of Pennsylva-
nia decided that the Franklin Canal Company bad
no legal right to construct this road; yet, as 1 have
' said, during all this time, they have, by thesuffer-
| ance of the people of Erie, been allowed to occupy
and enjoy a privilege which the committee will see
was no ban en one, when I tell them that within
1 that time a responsible company offered $250,0ti0
I' for the pi ivilege of the right of way over this same
1 route; yet, notwithstanding the fact that this com-
I pany had usurped a privilege of such value and
■ importance, they were not molested
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I cannot
rive way to the gentleman any longer.
" Mr GAMBLE. I have nearly finished what
! I proposed to say. This company made apphca-
! (ion to the sup)erne court of the State for an m-
^""cAMPBELL. Your colleague has told
ii us all abauf that.
I' Mr GAMBLE. I think no one has stated what
1 I am about to state, but 1 will take very little
]' more of the-gentleman's time. The supreme
li court granted the injunction, and never since that
