1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*237
the laws of that Commonwealth, a bond has to be
filed by the party applying for the injunction—
" that the bond -Jiall be filed. But aftpr a labored argument
of counsel, we thought the paries entitled to feOme expres-
sion ol opinion upon ihe mam question,"
The judge thought the parties entitled, not to a
decision, not to a judgment, but" to some expres-
sion of an opinion upon the subject." That is all.
It has not been shown before this committee that
there has been any further action in that regard,
or that there has ever been a judicial decision in
that court declaring the charter of the Franklin
Canal Company forfeited. If this charter had been
declared forfeited by the court, why does the
Legislature of Pennsylvania propose to repeal the
charter, and resort to that method of taking away |,
its franchise' That is the question. Ifthe court has |J
declared it void, what is the necessity of bringing !
a hi!! info ihe Legislature for the purpose of doing !
something which the courts have already done, ;■
according to the gentleman, [Mr. Ritchie]? What i'
necessity of the Legislature declaring the charter '
of the company forfeited, when the courts had
done the same thing more than a year ago?——
Mr. RITCHIE (interrupting.) F r the pur-
pose of carrying into effect the decision of the h
court, and that that decision might be enforced. j
Mr. WASHBURNE. Jt was for the purpose, ,
the gentleman sayp, to carry into effect the dfc'ts- j'
ion of the court. It strikes me as something very i
novel, that the solpmn judgments and decisions of i:
the highest judicial tribunal of the great State of :
Pennsylvania are so utterly worthless that they 1
are inoperative, until "enforced" by the action of ''
acoordinantbranchoftheGovernment—theLegis-
lature.
Again, sir, I feel some interest in this question, ;
on behalf of my constituents, and on behalf of the 1
people generally, of the State which 1 have the \
honor in part to represent.
Our connection with the East has been obstructed !
by these hiwless proceedings in Erie, and our mer- |
chandise is lying, piled up in heaps, awaiting I
transportation over this " isthmus." We of the j
West feel a great interest in this matter, and I am ;i
glad that the question has been brought up here
and discussed before the country, that the people i
everywhere may judge at whose door this g<eat :
wrong lies, so thc t they may be able to pass a i
correct judgment in the premises. As I under- j]
stand, one gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. I'
Gamble,] upon my left, states that this difficulty i1
in Erie has arisen in regard to taking up the track
in the streets of the borough of Erie. It is con-
tended, on the part of those who a^e upholding
this Erie mob, that although the Legislature of1
Pennsylvania passed an act giving the lailroad '■
company the right to make this change of gauge, ;;
yet that there was a power which the town rorpo-  '
ration had of i emulating the streets that the Legis- '
lature could not, or did not, take away. I will
not undertake to say what power or authority ;
was reserved to the city of Erie by any of these '
laws in regard to any of these companies; I am
not discussing the question as to the rights of that j;
city in its corporate limits. If the city had the !
power claimed within its limit-s, I desire to ask by :
what color, or right, or authority, did the people i
of Erie travel seven miles beyond its limits, on |
the Ene and Northeast road, and ruthlessly de- ■
stroy the railroad bridge at Harbor Creek r
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman give way
for an answer to his question 2
Mr. WASHBURNE. i will do so, Mr. Chair-
man, with pleasure, although the gentleman de-
nied me th't courtesy the other day.
Mr GROW. I explained that to my friend, ;
and i hopphe was satisfied.
.Air. WASHBURNE. I certainly was.
Mr. GROW. I will explain to ihe gentleman, ;
and, ifi so doing, I simply desire to answer the
qut-s^on which" he has asked. The railroads
having their ternrni at Erie had no authority^to ■
go over the city hums. They obtained authority ;
to lay tlu'lr uai k within these limits only upon j
cond ition of lay ins a certain description of track, ;
rhe power being retained to revoke it atany time. ,
The gentleman a*ks now why the people of Erie ,
went olT fight miles east of Erie to burn the bridge i
af Harb >r Creek? The charter of the Northeast j
Railroad Company provided that, m laying the ,
track, the road should not interfere, or in any way j
obstruct any highway or bridge. The bridge at ;
Harbor Creek was on the highway at the time ,
this railroad was built; and they laid their railroad j
track over that bridge. The citizens of Harbor |
Creek protested against appropriating the public i
highway for that purpose; and that^is the origin j
of thedifficulty at Harbor Creek. j
Mr. WASHBURNE. i understand the posi- j
tion of the gentleman, and it is of that very thing ,
that I complain. He says the reason why they \
burned the bridge at Haibor Creek was because j
it was an obstruction to the highway at that place, j
Who decided it to be an obstruction? Was it a |
court of competent jurisdiction,adjudicating upon I
the matter after a hearing on both sides? No, sir; s
it was this lawless mob at Erie who passed upon j
this question, setting at defiance and usurping the j
province of the courts of the country, and making ;
its own lawless and ungovemed will the aibiter, j
It is this which is the subject of so much and so !
just complaint, that ail these matters have not j
been settled by an appeal to the law of the {and, !
but by appeals to biute force, and to the law of'
the strongest. '
Again, 1 would like some defense of that line of '
conduct on the part of the people of Erie and their '
abettors, which has been more than once sug- i
gested here to-day before this committee. What
is the excuse, the justification, for the recent inter- '
ference with the piocess of the Federal courts? I
Did you ever know, Mr Chan man, a more out- !
rageous perversion of the process of the Ijiw of a !
S'are than that by which the United States Mar- ,
s ha I was arrested by State officers, by a process
emanating fiom a State court, for simply dis-
charging his duty m sen ing the process of his own !
court' And yet this has been very recently done. 1
These Erie tc regulators" have usurped an author- ,
ity utterly unjustifiable,arrested the Marshal, and
incarcerated hitn m their prison, simply for doing ;
his diity. What, 1 is the justification for con- ,
duct like this J j
Sir, I muct agree with my friend from Ohio, i
that the State—1 iegret to say the State of Penn- j
sylvania—the u Keystone" m the great notional i
arch—did yield her influence and great name to -
uphold a mob of the character of the Etie mob. j
Sir, she dishonors herself by her conduct. What j.
can she expect if she thus deals with her sister ,j
States in the West in obstructing our travel and in ■;
interiuptmg our commerce, and placing all these i|
impediments in the way of our intercourse with t
the great cities of the East3 !!
I have heard something of a Mint at Philadel-
phia, and 1 have heard something of remonstrances 1,
against the erection of a Mint at New York. I
believe it has been in consequence of the votes of
members of this House cuning from the West ■,
that the removal of tins Mint to New York has i
been heretofore prevented. Out i tell gentlemen '
from Pennsylvania, that if they continue a course I
of this kind so prejudicial to all our gre^t interests, I
and so annoying to our people, they mny expert ,'
little assistance from us in the futuse. Wo do not ,
want to interfere wilh body, or any Stale, who
does not interfere with us; but we insist upon that ,
comity which it is the duty of one State in our
Confederacy to extend to every other. We do not
desire to be drawn into conflict with any Suite 
Mr. LANE, of Tndijtia, (interrupting.) Ifthe
gentleman will permit me, I would like to ask him
if the people of his own State ha\e not hitherto
refused to grant the light of way to constiuct a
railroad fiom Terre Haute to St. Louis—obsti-
nately refused for years ;
Mr. WASBRURNE. Through Illinois
Mr. LANE. Yes. sir: through Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Th it question is not at ,
all relevant to the one under con'-udesation, but I
will answer the gentleman. I believe the State of
Illinois has refused to gmit a charter for the pur-
pose indicated by him: but I mesume he will not
deny that a sovereign State has a perfect right ro
lefuse charters, as we*l as to grant them. P ut I
can tell the gentleman, however, that, after the
.Scate of Illinois shall have <rt anU-d a < barter to any
company for the purpose of buihhng a railroad*,
we shall ne\er resow to uolei.^e to nrevent 'he
road from being made, and will never j ancrio,i a
mob that tears it unifier It is made; and i can
tell the gentleman, furth r, that we shall never have
1 a Governor of the State of Illinois who will u sym-
pathize" with a lawless rabble m th^ir deeds of
violence and infamy.
Mr. LANE. I understand the gentleman fiom
> Illinois as condemning the policy in toto. Now, if
it is wrong for a Legislature to refuse this right of
way and adopt that policy, is it a greater wrong
for the people of a borough or village to adopt the
| same policy? On the contrary, is it not a much
: greater wrong upon the part of a Legislature than
! upon the part of a village?
! Mr, WASHBURNE. 1 am not discussing that
! question at all. I am not discussing the right of
; a Legislature to grant or to refuse a charter. That
: is a matter which every Legislature will judge of
. for itself, according to circumstances. The point
I I desire to make is this 
I Mr. RICHARDSON. * I desire to make a
  short reply to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
j Lane.] With regard to the refusal on the part
, of the State of Illinois to grant the right of way,
j she has done it fur the interests of her citizens, and
1 I trust she will continue to legislate for the benefit
of her own citizens. I do not know why this
matter is brought into controversy here, but m
reply to all such interrogations, as one of the Rep-
resentatives from Illinois upon this floor, I have to
say, that the Legislature of that State is the best
judge of what she shall grant and what she shall
deny. "
Mr. LANE. I desire to make one suggestion.
I have no disposition to blame the people"of Illi-
nois or her Legislature, but it struck me as a little
inconsistent to see a gentleman hailing from a
State which has for years-insisted that the com-
munity who travel across Illinois from Indiana
shall go by way of Alton to St. Louis blaming
the people of Erie for insisting upon a railroad
company making a break of gauge at their town.
Firmly and sternly has the Legislature of Illinois
resisted the efforts to have a road constructed
from Terre Haute to St. Louts, insisting that the
company shall construct the road to Alton, and
that passengers shall go by Alton to St. Louis,
thus making the traveling public pay tribute to
the people of Alton. The,people of Erie say the
same thing; they want tribute. Now,Hhe whole
policy is wrong. You cannot force travel and busi-
ness out of its natural channels.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I yielded to the gen-
tleman to ask a question, and not to make a
speech.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission of
my colleague, i will say that, so far as this con-
troversy between Ohio and Pennsylvania is con-
cerned, I have nothing to do with it, and do not
intend to have anything to do with it. They may
settle their difficulties in their own way. But I
do maintain that no gentleman upon this floor has
a right to arraign the Legislature of Illinois, and
try them for what they havo done, or for what
they have not done. That they have a riglit to
make a road that is to pass through our State—go
to Alton, if they see proper—there can be no
doubt, and they have done it, for reasons that, I
trust, were satisfactory to them.
Mr. LANE. It is the policy I complain of,
Mr. RICHARDSON. This is not the arena
in which to discuss that policy.
Mr. LANE Then let Erie alone,
Mr. WASHBURNE, (resuming.) i do not
understand that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Lake] differs particularly from mem regard to the
Erie difficulty, but he puts to me some question
as tn the abstract propriety of a Stale putting hm-
lUittons upon the charters of railroads. Now, I
think it very likely that I might agree with my
honorable friend, because I am for free trade—if I
may so express myself—m this matter of rail-
roads; I am for letting them go almost anywhere
where the public interests and the interests of trade
and commerce demand they should go, without
regard to the boundaries of particular States; and
hence I do not propose to go into the line of argu-
ment which the gentleman has suggested.
I have said all that I intended to say upon this
subject, and a good deal more. The great in terest
felt'by the people of that part of the State of Illi-
nois which I have the honor to represent in this
question—an interest which is felt hy all classes,
and is brought home to all classes—must be my ex-
cuse for troubling the committee, as I have done,
with these few desultory remarks.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr MILLER, of Missouri. Will my col-
league yield for a motion that the committee do
now rise?
Mr. OLIVER. I will yield the floor for that
! purpose.
