1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
sibn to go and dispose of the property at ita real
value, that the Government would receive from
$500,000 to $1,000,000. According to the State
computations, property in St. Louis is fhe most
valuable property in the entire West. St. Louis
is destined to become the London of America.
You can hardly conceive the vaiue of real estate
there.
Mr. LETCHER* If my colleague will allow
me, I would make a suggestion as to another sim-
ilar instance to this, which occurred in the histoiy
of Congress. 1 refer him to the case of the city
of Rome, in the State of New York, where an
arsenal was located, and where the lands were
sold in exactly the same way as this piece of
ground in Wilmington, to the highest bidder.
Mr. McMULLlN. I thank my colleague for
his suggestion and information. There was an-
other instance of the same character which took
place in Chicago. The Government there owned
property which it came within the contemplation
of the city of Chicago to pioeuie; and it had to
pay the highest price for it. So in these various
cities alluded to we have evidence tnat the proper-
ty of the United States should be so disposed of.
1 hold-it to be the duty of Congress, in disposing
of such property, to dispose of it on the best and
most advantageous terms. 1 H$ve no sort of ob-
jection to provide by law thatvthe Secretary of
War shall appoint a commissioner to go to St.
Louis, and examine the property, and make a re-
port on the meeting of this Congress on the first
Monday in December next. Let justice, even-
handed justice, be done as between the city of St.
Louis and the Government of the country.
But, sir,according to the evidence which we have
in this case, we are called upon to do what? To
disposeof property which, at the lowest estimate,
is worth §350,000. 1 put the question to every
member of this committee, are you prepared
to-day to sell $350,000 worth of property for
$250,000? A gentleman near me says the prop-
erty is worth $400,000. I take occasion to say
again, that the value of this property is almost
incalculable, and it cannot be worth much less than
$500,000; and if it were worth $1,000,000, I
should not be surprised. We should act in ref-
erence to this case as we would in a matter in
which we were individually interested. Would
we as individuals be prepared to make this sacri-
fice? I am anxious to see thecitizens of St. Louis
accommodated.
jtf-iere the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia
to increase the amount, whatever that increase
may be. It is true that in the letter from the
ordnance office, which has been read, the value
of this ground and these buildings is stated to be
$393,000. One hundred and sixty-three thousand
dollars of that amount is made up in the value of
■ the buildings, which, for the purposes of a public
park, for which the property is desired by the
citizens of St. Louis, would be of no value.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) The
gentleman speaks of the uses to which this ground
is to be applied. I ask the gentleman if we have
the right to direct that the citizens of St. Louis
shall appropriate this property for the purpose of
a pu ohc park.
Mr. STANTON. We have no such power or-
dinarily; but when the city of St. Louis proposes
to take the property upon that condition, I sup-
pose it is perfectly in our power to annex that
condition to the sale—and especially to a gift. It
may be true that this land is worth $500,000- It
may be true that it is worth $800,000. But it
must be remembered that this is not a proposi-
tion to give this property to St. Louis for $250,000,
to be sold out by it for town lots, and for the
purpose of thereby putting two or three hundred
thousand dollars into the Treasury of St. Louis.
It is for the purpose of being used as a park.
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I would like
to ask the gentleman whether, .if put into a park,
it would be worth anything?
Mr. STANTON. Whether it is worth any-
thing or not, I presume the Government of the
United States might rely upon the faith of the
citizens of St. Louis to apply it to that purpose.
And if the land is worth $500,000, the city of St.
Louis propose to supply an amount sufficient to
transfer this arsenal, and to rebuild it upon prop-
erty already in the possession of the United States,
and for which the Government has no other use.
I do not consider that it is overstepping the bounds
of propriety, or doing anything which is not just,
in transferring this property to St. Louis, it is
true, sir, as I said before, that theGovernment, by
turning land speculator, and selling out this land
in town lots, might get a little more than is here
proposed to be given for it. But !, for one, am
willing to forego that advantage, and give it to St.
Louis.
fHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Wright,
of Pennsylvania,) reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
95) " making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1855," and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to morrow at eleven o'clock
a. m. ^
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 19, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slider.
The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill and joint resolution:
Bill for the relief of Charles Staples, of the State
of Maine; and
Joint resolution in relation to fixing the com-
pensation of the employees in the legislative de-
partment of the Government, and to prohibit the
usual extra compensation to such as receive the
benefits hereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then signed the
above named bills.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of William Walker, for himself and the
heirs of Hfenry E. Walker, praying that they may
be authorized to locate lands granted to them by
the fourteenth article of the treaty of Upper San-
dusky, Ohio, dated March 17, 1842, entered into
between the United States and the Wyandott
tribe of Indians, or to be allowed a commutation
in money for the said lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of route
agents of the Post Office Department, praying an
increase of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of
Charles Francis Adams and three hundred other
inhabitants of the town of Gtuincy, Massachu-
setts, without distinction of party, Whigs, Demo-
cracts, and Independent Democrats, asking for the
repeal of the act of Congress known as the fugi-
tive slave law. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. NORR1S presented a document showing
the expediency of constructing an armory for the
preservation of the arms of the volunteers and
militia of the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Col-
umbia.
Also, the memorial of Horatio J. Perry, secre-
tary of legation of the United States at Madrid,
praying compensation for services as charge d'af-
faires ad interim at that Court; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. •
Mr. ROCKWELL presented the petition of
Peter Parker, secretary of legation of the United
States, and Chinese interpreter at Canton, pray-
ing compensation for services as charge d'affaires
ad interim at that Government; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of El-
liot Smith, William C. Gieen,and Nathan Farns-
worth, praying to be allowed salvage ofrthe ship
Charles Wharton, employed as a. Government-
I transport, and rescued by them when in distress
off Tampa bay, and compensation for their time, ,
aod the cargoes of their vessels which they were -
compelled to throw overboard to effect the rescue
of said ship; which was referred to the Commit-?
tee on Claims. ,
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Conderaport, Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of ,
the fugitive slave law of 1850; which was referred- •
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portage county, .
Ohio, praying that a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land may be granted to actual
settlers; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Highland county,
Ohio, praying that measures may be taken to se-
cure to American citizens abroad the rights of
worship and of burial according to their religious
belief; which was referred to the Committee on "
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted documents in relation
to the claim of Edward R. S. C&nby to compen-
sation for services as custodian and translator of
the publicarchives of California, and in arranging,
and in part indexing the same; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented thememoria) of Wil- -•
liam L. Blanchard, praying Congress for relief
for losses sustained on account of the Postmaster
General's abrogation of his contract for carrying
the ma.il from Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, to
Sacramento City, California; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PETITIONS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Wolcott Law-
rence, late of Monroe, Michigan, deceased, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That Thomas H. Duval have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Ephraim
Hunt, praying compensation for his services as a
soldier in the late war with Great Britain, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred a memorial
of officers and soldiers, praying indemnity for
clothing and other property lost by the wreck of
the steamship Winfield Scott, and a memorial of
Colonel William Gates, United States Army,
praying remuneration for property lost by the
i wreck of the steamship San Francisco, reported a
| bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers of the
j United States Army, who sustained loss by the
i disasters to the steamships Winfield Scott and San
| Francisco; which was read, and passed to a second
j reading.
| Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
] to whom were referred documents in the case of
i the claim of Israel Ketcham, for indemnity for
1 losses sustained by him as sub-contractor m the
i erection of fortifications in Dauphin Island, sub-
- mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for hie re-
I lief; which was read, and passed to a second read-
: ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Cyrus Palmer and Lafayette Bach, owners of the
! schooner Demarisco, praying compensation for
: rescuing certain shipwrecked American seamen,
under a contract with the coilectorof the customs
i at the poit of Puget's Sound, asked to be dis-
! charged from its further consideration, and that it
I be referred to the Committee on Commerce; which
! was agreed to.
; He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the memorial of James P. Espy,
praying the purchase by the United States of his
ventilator for ships, asked to he discharged from
. its further consideration; which was agreed to.
I Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memo*
| rial of Richard S. Coxe, William A. Bradley, and
; Gilbert L. Thompson, offering to furnish the
