1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i i§
foreigners, will you, I ask the Senator, agree to
it ? Although there are a few things in reference
to niggers, and other matters, and various Yankee
and Puritan notions that do not exactly come up
to our notions down South, still we have a lin-
gering affection, and are willing to do your State
of Massachusetts justice. Out of the granite and
ice you make fortunes; with your invention and
education you are progressing in the world; and
you stand, a noble Puritan population, obstinate
and pervers'e though you may have been with the
English Government before you landed here, and
against it afterwards, and pretty generally against
your own Government—[laughter]—still, in ref-
erence to a matter of equity and justice, I will
ask you what you will say when a man turns
round and tells you that the old States of Massa-
chusetts and Connecticut are not to get any of this
land; that he wants to take it from you, and that
you shall not have it, either for schools, or insane,
or paupers, or for anything else; that it shall be
snatched away from you, and given to some Hes-
sian that butchered your ancestors in the revolu-
tionary war; that it shall be given to some man
who then was in the army of our enemies; that
it shall be handed over to some German, with his
broad figure, whieh it would take three genera-
tions to lick into the shape of an American gen-
tleman? [Laughter.] A nice proposition, that
is; and yet that is the proposition made by the
Senator from Ohio. The old thirteen Suites are
to get nothing. Whatever we may claim, we are
to have nothing. The Senator's proposition not
only comes up to that, but it turns round and
says, in reference to Nebraska and the Missouri
compromise, to southern Senators, not only are
the old thirteen States to be deprived of their
rights, but we will let these Irish, and Dutch, and
anybody you please—I do not speak in dis-
respectful terms—come into the territory, and, if
you want to go anywhere from Virginia, or Louis-
iana, or Texas, you must stand back and let
them take the land. Is there a southern man, who
has a regard for his constituency, or the interest
of the section which he represents, who intends—
as he knows it is a foregone conclusion that this
is all to be free-soil territory—to let them take it,
and let them snatch it away from them, and say
that men from the South are not to go into it, be-
cause they are tainted with a nigger ? Are we to
be told that we must stand back, and let strangers,
and aliens in blood, m feeling,and language, have
it? But I do not know what southern Senators,
or Senators from the old States, may think in
reference to this sort of thing, because they have
got recently to arguing about matters in such a
way that a man scarcely knows, unless he exam-
ines closely, what they really design.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] for
whom 1 entertain a very high regard, yesteiday
said, that this bill approved itself to his heart and
his head. I can easily see how, he being alibei%l
man, such a thing would approve itself to his
heart. He is a man of large head, a man of a
great deal of faculty; but I rather think that his
heart has got the better of his judgment in this
case. In support of the proposition, he set out to
prove, historically, that this was a right policy.
He alluded, I believe, to the Assyrians, and the
Jews, and the Spartans, and he came down to the
Gracchi, but being a Democrat, in this age of prog-
ress, he never-could cite an instance that had oc-
curred this side the discovery of America, or since
the birth of our Saviour. [Laughter.] In talking
about this liherality, I want you just to look at the
question, and ask yourselves how this territory
stands; for it is well enough to look to it in that
way. When the territory, underthe oppression of
a system which will restrict slavery from going
there, comes to be settled, how will it stand, and
how do we stand? We stand as a powerful and
a great nation. I know—at least there are news-
paper rumors, and I suppose I may speak legiti-
mately of newspaper rumors—we propose to buy
an immense territory in addition to our present
territory. For what do you buy that territory'
Are you to pay §5,000,000 or $20,000,000, and
as soon as you get it are you to give it away ?
Are you to adopt such a policy in the disposition
of the lands which you obtain, I may say, by
violent solicitation; that is to say, by whipping
and flogging the Indians, by browbeating the
Mexicans, until you whip them into a peace, and
as a salvo to the conscience, get what territory
you can? Are you, not only in reference to the
poor red man, who is fading away before the
face of the white man as the snow melts before
the face of the sun, but in reference to the neigh-
boring Republic, are you, by bullying and brow-
beating, to obtain territory, and when you have
obtained it, are you to turn round and say that you
will give it to these foreigners and emigrants, who
come here„and to lazy fellows and loafers, in our
midst? I ask, in the name of common sense, is
that whattheGovernmentis todo; and then, after
the General Government has done that, and you
come to make a distribution of the spoils, is one
half of the nation to turn round and say to the
other half, you smell of the nigger, and you shall
not have any of the land; we will give it to the
foreigners, and you shall not take a particle ? And
then, as to the old States and land States, although
no Presidentof the United States has ever recom-
mended this, we will rob you of it, and give it to
the foreigners, and then we will get up a German
interest, having its center at Cincinnati and Louis-
ville, and other places over the Union; and although
you boast of being Anglo-Saxons, you shall be
like that other Anglo-Saxon race, which has been
for centuries ruled by half crazy Dutch Princes
and Q,ueens. We will have the same influence
over you, with your Saxon influence and Saxon
blood. We will build up a foreign power that
shall control the whole American people. This
we will do in the name of generosity and liberality,
and in the name of our modern Democracy. This
is what is to be done by a radical change in our
policy.
1 have some other things to say in regard to this
bill; and probably, if I get a chance in the prog-
ress of its discussion, I shall go into it more
fully; for I am not prepared to speak to-day upon
some points to which 1 desire to address myself.
It seems to me, since I have had the honor to
come to the national councils, whether in this or
the other House of Congress, the public lands
have been bandied about eternally as a bribe in
the shape of cession and retrocession, in the shape
of graduation and of distribution, and of every
imaginable project. Thus ambitious men act with
them, instead of standing up as the guardians of
the public domain and public treasury, doing what
they ought to do. Millions upon millions of acres
of lands have gone for railroads and canals in the
way of grants of alternate sections and swamp
lands; and the advocacy of such appropriations
has eternally been predicated upon the ambition
of some presidential aspirant. It is useless to
discuss it. It is useless to talk about it. If there
had been a provision in the Constitution of the
United States that men standing on this floor, or
on the floor of the other House, should be forever
debarred thereafter from looking to the other end
of the avenue, such propositions would never
have been made. Members of Congress would
have husbanded the lands as old fellows take care
of their lands as their sons and daughters grow
up, for the purpose of giving the young fellows a
home, and a place to emigrate to. Thus, instead
of looking to the other end of the avenue, and
making such propositions, they would have held
on to these lands as an inheritance to our children,
and our children's children, for ages to come. I
do not know, sir, of any man in this body who
looks to anything of that sort, [laughter;] but one
thing I will say, I have scarcely evftr seen a public
man in this country who had once turned his
eyes upon the purple, and gazed intently at the
White House, that ever afterwards seemed to be
fully a sane man. [Laughter.] His head reels
as if he had the vertigo, and he puts up at auction
whatever he thinks, if once defeated, would help
him for the Presidency at a succeeding election;
and that is the way in which the public domain
has been controlled. Say what you will about it,
all men feel it and know it.
Mr. President, I do not know that I exactly
concur with him who said someyears ago, in com-
menting upon this matter, that we never would
have a first-rate man again as President; for, he
said, that understrappers and understrikers would
never let a man of prominent ability attain to the
position; that no such man could ever come to the
presidency of the nation, because the understrap-
pers and seekers for office would be eternally for
catching a man whom they could control. He
thought we never would have a President of any
size or account again. So far as that is concerned,
the first thing that you see these presidential' as-
pirants do—I am sorry to say it; I apply it to no
party, or men—is to start out a demagog! ng; and,
sir, he draws himself up; he is not an American
at all; his father was an Irishman, and his njofter
a Dutchman. [Laughter.] That is the beginning
of it. Then, though he has no respect for religion,
no regard for things of that sort, supposing him-
self in his peculiar views to be in, Hie minority,
and though he may be an infidel, and hate all re-
ligion, the next thing we hear he is making tjie
sign of the cross, and muttering all sort of insen-
sible jargon over the country to catch Catholics!
[laftghter,] and then, sir, to top off the thing, he
offers all this land to these men, just as the wicked
one of old offered to our Saviour the kingdoms of
the world, if he would fall down and worship
him, when the old scoundrel had not an inch .of
term firma in all creation to put hia foot upon.
[Great laughter.]
Why, sir, every man understands this measure
and knows what it means. It is the most hollow,
perfidious, deceptive, cajoling thing in the wo"rId.
It proposes to give our public land to these
people, when it is pledged for the payment of the
debt incurred by the Mexican war, and belongs
to the States equally. It does not belong to
politicians; but still some of them propose this
largess or bribe, for such it is, and say, " Come in,
all ye Dutch and Irish." Perhaps they may
expect, in return?to hear: " We will make you
Presidents."
Now, sir, I wish gentlemen to understand that
I am not a Native American, in the political
sense in which that word is used. I have a pro-
found respect for the original policy which was
inaugurated or installed at the origin of this Gov-
ernment in relation to foreigners. I believe that
we now commonly use regal and imperial terras
when speaking of a matter of policy; everything
now-a-days, whether a principle or a measure, is
" installed" or " inaugurated." I say, therefore,
that I have a very great reverence for the original
policy installed or inaugurated by the founders of
our Government in relation to foreigners. I have
no objection to allowing a foreigner to come here;
I would extend to him the right hand of friend-
ship; I would allow him to become a citizen, and,
after sufficient residence, be eligible to office. I
would^encourage him and take him into the
body-politic. Sir, if I had any doubt about
the propriety of this policy, it would be re-
moved by the appearance here of my honorable
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] from the land
of Emmett and other patriots—a land which has
been crushed down by tyranny for a thousand
years. It does good to the heart of a philanthro-
pist and patriot to see a man of his integjity a«d
character come here. But, sir, I adhere to the
motto, Festina lente—do not hasten onwards too
fast. There is a gentleman from Louisiana here,
who, I suppose, may be considered as of the tribe
of Benjamin. When one thinks of these men, he
is apt to inquire, in the language of the poet:
" Where shall Israel lay her bleeding feet ?
VVh«re shall she find a resting-placc ?" *
We are proud to answer that, under the folds of
the stars and stripes, she shall find protection and
succor; and to her children, as to others, shall be
extended the rights of citizenship. Thus far I am
willing to go; but 1 cannot agree that now, when
there is about to be a great struggle in Europe, we
shall invite men from the purlieus and faubourgs
of Paris, from the outskirts and brothels of Lon-
don, and from the civil and revolutionary wars of
Italy and Hungary. I cannot consent that, upon
a mere declaration of intention, each of them shall
have a right to one hundred and sixty acres of
our public land. Suppose auch fellows should
come here in large numbers, and go out to that
land of flowers—Nebraska—a country beyond
the State in which you live, Mr. President, and
one of us should go there. If we went, we should
find it a perfect Babel of confusion, where un-
known and innumerable tongues were spoken. If
a man of the Anglo-Saxon race should go among
them, and they should find that he had not been
in a riot anywhere in Italy, that he had not been
compelled to run away from France, but that he
was a peaceable American, they would probably
say to him, " How did you come here,sir? Who
did you murder in Tennessee, or in,Kentucky, for
which you ran away? Who did you swindle in
