948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
New York, or what did you steal in Ohio, that
you have come out here into this Babel of confu-
sion V* Sir, are these the people whom we should
build up into a State in that far-off region, out of
the ruined fortunes, the ransacked homes, and the
broken hearts of the red men of theforest ? Is this
your philanthropy ? I fear this is exactly what jt
will result in.
Mr. President, I have intimated that there may
be some designs for the Presidency connected with
this bill. Of course I would not intimate that any
gentleman here thus seeks the Presidency. If any
should, I would ask them to look at the last few
instances which have happened, and, I think, they
will find that they need not go out to the people
on any great public measure in order to reach that
station. For example, we had Mr. Polk, a very
clever man, who is now dead. Pie reached the
Presidency accidentally. I will say nothing fur-
ther of him; for de morluis nil nisi bonum. Presi-
dent Taylor next reached that station. He was
a good soldier, a fine citizen, and a tolerable Pres-
ident.
A Senator. He did not know much. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mi. THOMPSON. Not over much. [Re-
newed laughter.] Then Mr. Pierce got there. I
know he is busy now. I do not mean to strike
at him, because at', this time J know, and the
Presiding Officer of this body knows, that the
greatest of his troubles is to decide a question,
upon which 1 suppose he is very religiously and
anxiously exercised; that is, in reference to the
distribution of the spoils and plunder. lie is en-
gaged m deciding whether a fellow who came on
the last platform, but who was wrong on the Buf-
fala platform, is or is not entitled to consideration
in the distribution of offices; and the mowt politico-
religious question which I have ever known, in
my day, is the grave question now before the Ad-
ministration of this country, whether the prodigal
son came home before he was hungry, or, being
half lean, came home because the old man had a
good fat calf. [Laughter.] That is the grave
question which they aie considering at this time.
Weil, sir, from these illustrations I would say
to men of this description that they should-take
the thing very quietly; for, sir, no gentleman in
the country is safe now. He does not know what
day he may be snatched up and made a President
before he thinks about it. I would say toffentle-
men, theiefore, that they had better avoid origin-
ating great measures which are wrong in them-
selves, but should stand by quietly, and some-
body may be'kind enough to invite them out for
the Presidency one of these days. [Laughter.]
Mr. Piesident, there is another consideration
connected with this matter. I will not suy any-
thing ab^ut progress mid young America, for some
one rnij^ht wish to contravene it; but 1 fay that
our climate, and the character of our soil and popu-
lation, haveengendered and inflamed m our people
a wild, progressive, rabid notion. 1 do not know
whether it is socialism from France, or whether
it is Kossuthism from Hungary and Italy; but I
say that, from the infusion of foieign material, or
from the*idiosyncracies of our own people, they
have become so inflamed and so restive of power
that if they were so concentrated in this country,
and could make a revolution here as in France or
in England, by getting possession of the capital,
our inflammable, revolutionary, discontented, dis-
satisfied people would go far beyond filhbusterism
or anything of that soit, and would strike for the
overthrow of the Government itself. It is a bless-
ing that they are not so concentrated. 1 ask you,
then, sir, for the sake of the safety and the per-
petuity of this Union, to keep our public domain,
not for foreigners, but as a safety-valve, as a means
of escape to let off the wild, unrestrained spiiits
whom we have amongst us; to keep it as a place
where, among Indians and buffaloes, and in the
deep recesses of the mountains, and in reckless
and perilous adventures, such men, intolerant of
society, averse to toil, and opposed to labor, may
go out and waste away that spirit which, if
cramped up in a capita^ that controlled a nation,
would subvert the institutions of the country.
That, sir, with me is a grave consideration.
Sir, I trust that some older member of the body
will give the Senate the statistics in regard to the
value of our public domain. I am diffident to do
so, because I am always averse to- speaking. I
trespass but seldom upon the attention of the
Senate, and when I do so, it is only when I think
duty requires it of me. I have ventured now to
speak upon this subject, because I think deep in-
justice will be done to the old States by depriving
them of their just share of the public domain. 1
believe further, that this measure will be injurious
to the southern States. They do not want to
have foreigners around their plantations, corrupt-
ing the people, injuring their children, and ex-
cluding them from a fair participation in the ben-
efits of the common territory of the Union.
But, Mr. President, above all things, when you
are about to vote this gratuity, remember the eter-
nal principles of justice. Millions and millions
of dollars have been paid by treaty in Indian an-
nuities, and in extinguishing Indian titles; vast
amounts of blood and treasure have been expended
for the acquisition of our public domain. For the
payment of the money thus spent you have taxed
South Carolina and Maine, Massachusetts and
Pennsylvania, and all the other old States. Now,
after the enormous expenditure at which these
lands have been bought, it is proposed to give
them to Hessians, and wild men from all parts of
Europe! How will the people of the old States
like it? Recollect, tins bill will cut like a two-
edged sword; it will depreciate the value of land
in the old States, and at the same time it will
dimmish their population. The reason for this is
obvious. People will not buy land in the old
States when they can get better elsewhere for
nothing. In this way, the men, by whose blood
and treasure the public territory was acquired, will
have it snatched from them; and that, too,not by
receiving in return its original cost, but it will be
followed by a great depreciation of the value of
their property, and a diminution of their business
and population.
There are some other matters to which I do not
now wish to allude, but to vvhich 1 may probably
refer before the bill shall be finally disposed of, if
1 get an opportunity. In regaid to the policy of
it, I am almost constrained to say that, rather than
see located on the western borders of Missouri a
people aliens and strangers to us in blood, aliens
and strangers to us m language, as confused in
language as were those who were endeavoring to
build the tosver of Babel; people who do not love
us, people of a bad stock, (for the vagabond, the
pauper, and the refugee from Europe, or from our
old States, are those who are to receive this gra-
tuity;) rather than see such a confusion of tongues,
such a ring-streaked and speckled set put up m
our far off territory, as a sort of impcrium in im-
perio to hold the balance of power and control this
Union, i would wish it destroyed like Sodom and
Gomorrah, and lost to the Union forever; for we
had better have no public land than have such
neighbors.
Again; when the Senate come to consider this
question, 1 wish them to bear in mind that there
are now great troubles in Europe, and that, accord-
ing to recent calculations, it would cost from
$500,000,000 to $1,000,000,000, to make our navy
equal to that of Great Britain, to say nothing of
the navy of France. Suppose three or four bel-
ligerent Powers of Europe should unite to send a
fleet against us; they could bombard and burn
down New York, come up the Chesapeake and
Potomac, and take this Federal City, lie off in the
Chesapeake Bay destroying property, blockade
California, and cut us off from all communication
with her, except by the tedious overland route,
and not feel the absence of that portion of their
navy which would be required for these objects.
In this perilous, in this helpless condition, look-
ing to these emergencies, knowing the need of our
naval and commercial marine m a proper situation
for defense; knowing the importance and value of
the property which we have afloat upon the ocean,
for the protection of which our navy is necessary;
I ask you, m a time of peace, if we ought not to
be prepared for a time of war, and for emergen-
cies such as may possibly arise? Let us not act
like a drunken boy who wastes away his inherit-
ance by throwing his dollars to the crazy mob
around him; but does it not become us, as Amer-
ican statesmen, to husband our resources,to look
at eventualities, to look to justice? Let us not
offer inducements to bring in reckless foreigners
who will lie down, like the locusts upon the land
of Egypt. Let us consider whether it would not
be a curse to the country; and whether you had
not better have all the plagues of Egypt, locusts,
frogs, and lice, thrown in, rather than have the
country settled up in this way with a State or col-
ony in the West, holding power, predominance,
and influence in the Union under the control of
alien and wrong feeling.
Sir, I have no more to say at present upon this
bill, and I do not know that I shall have anything
further to say upon it at any time. I prefer that
some one else should expose it. I prefer that some
one else should investigate the statistics, look at
the real position of the question, and>expose the
wickedness of the proposition. 1 have, in a some-
what incoherent way, given my convictions and
feelings and notions about it. I think it is based
upon a mistaken principle. It is a radical change
in our public land system. No President has ever
recommended it. There is no call for it. It is not
needed by any pressing public necessity. It is
wasting away our means for nothing. I hope the
bill will not be passed; but if it should pass, though
I make no promises, I must say, notwithstanding
what has been heretofore urged in reference to the
veto power, that if President Pierce should veto
the bill, I am notso certain that I would not be for
him for the succession; such is my conviction of
the impropriety of the measure.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have no inten-
tion, at this stageof the discussion, to enter into a
full review of this whole homestead subject. It
has been very v/ell said, sir, that this is " the land
of the free, and the home of the brave;" and if
there is anything about which we are accustomed
to boast on the fourth of July,and on all occasions
of national festivity, it is that this is the asylum of
the oppressed of every land. Having been taught,
.sir, from my earliest infancy, to honor and revere
these sentiments, it will not astonish Senators if I '
say, that I do not fully sympathize in the senti-
ments which have been uttered to-day by my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson.]
Like that honorable Senator, I approve, to the
fullest extent, the idea that foreigners coming to
our country should conform themselves in their
conduct to our laws and toour customs; but when
they have done so, and have been admitted under
our laws to full citizenship, I would not deprive
them by my policy here or elsewhere, of one
hundredth part of a single privilege which right-
fully belongs to an American citizen. I will not
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.] And why? Because it proposes
to put foreigners upon an equal footing with Amer-
ican citizens, before they become American citi-
zens. 1 care not where a man" may have been
born, whether m France or in Scotland, in Ireland
or in Germany, if he seek an asylum upon these
shores—that asylum which in all our public dec-
laiations, and by our whole public policy we
have guarantied to him—and if he shall live
amongst us for the full lime required by our laws,
and shall be admitted to the rights of citizenship,
I jwould have him enjoy those rights to their
fullest and most ample extent. But until that has
been done, I cannot consent to grant him, so far
as the occupancy of the soil is concerned, the
rights of citizenship to which he is not entitled
under the general laws and general policy of the
country.
But I did not rise, Mr. President, as I said in
the beginning,to discuss this question at this time.
My object is to give notice to the Senate, at this
stage of the proceedings, that I mean, at the
proper time, to move a substitute for the whole
bill. I may say, in a word, that I have never
given the sanction of my own mind to the policy
of giving away the public lands to American citi-
zens or to foreigners. I am,however,for guaran-
tying to every citizen a home. Whether he be
of native or of foreign birth, I would give him a.
home, and secure him in the possession of it. I
have before me, and ask to have read at this
stage of the proceedings, a proposition which
looks to that end; and without detaining the Sen-
ate further, I send it to the Chair, and ask to have
it read now, giving notice to the Senate that I
shall, at the proper time, move it as a substitute
for the original bill.
I will remark further, in this connection, that
the substitute has undergone the revision of the
Committee on Public Lands; and, like the bill
under consideiation, has received their full sanc-
tion. If one be adopted, the other may as well,
or better, be rejected; and it becomes a simple
question for the Senate to decide, whether they
