ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Navy with compressed coal, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
Mr. MALLORT said that, by a special enact-
ment in 1831, the Secretary of the Navy had the
full charge over the whole matter.
The committee were accordingly discharged.
, Mr, THOMSON, of New Jersey, from, the
Committee on Agriculture, to whom was referred
the memorial of Warren & Son, for themselves
and others, of California, praying the establish-
ment of an agricultural college, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of the
officers and crew of the United States frigate St.
Lawrence, asking to be allowed an increase of
pay, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SL1DELL, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Puig, Mir <Sc Co., praying that certain duties
paid by them upon American casks and barrels
may be refunded, asked to be dischaiged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Finance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Puig, "Mir & Co.,
of New Orleans, praying the return of duties paid
by fliem upon certain coffee imported into that city
in two Spanish brigs, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
BILTjS introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a
bill making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads m said State; which was rend a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. 13 El IG TIT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked find obtained leave to introduce a hill for
the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Edwaid R. S.
Canby; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of -the Senate to introduce a bill granting
the right of way to the Marysville and Benicia
Railroad Company through and over the grounds
of the United States at Benicia, in California;
which was lead a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committeeon Public Lands.
light-house bill.
Mr, HAMLIN", from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the i
House of Representatives making appropriations '
for hj>ht houses, light-boats, buoy4*,&.c., and pro- :
viding for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes, reported the same !
back without amendment, and recommended its i
passage. ]
indian office clerks. j
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com- 1
mittee on Finance to report a bill for the relief of
the office of Indian Affairs. It is a small private i
claim, and 1 hope it will be acted on now. j
The bill was read a first and second time hy ,
unanimous consent, and considered as in Commit' !
tee of the Whole. !
It proposes to require the Commissioner of In- j
dian Affairs to ascertain the amount due and re- ;
mainirig unpaid to either of the two clerks who .
were employed in the office from April 1st, 1846, :
to July 18, iy'49, on the business of reservations j
and grants under Indian treaties; to make their
compensation equal to the sum appropriated there- j
for, as authorized by the act of May 9, 1836, j
*4 providing for the salaries of certain officers
therein named, and for other purposes," and sub- i
sequent acts and joint resolutions extending its ;
provisions; and to pay the amount so found to be ,
due. The sum of $1,119 SO is proposed to be ,
appropriated for that purpose. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third !
reading, read a third time, and passed. ■
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW. j
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on the Judi- ,
caary, to whom were referred sundry petitions and j
solution
V
memorials, praying for the repeal of the fugitive
stave law, have had the same under consideration,
and being of the opinion that legislation upon that
subject is inexpedient, have directed me to report
them back, and ask to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of thfe subject.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate discharge
the committee from the further consideration of
these various memorials?
The committee were discharged.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE,
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the additions allowed by ihe resolution
of ihe 17th instant to the ofiiceis and others in the service
of the sScnafi,, for the fiscal year ending the30th ultimo, be
paid out ot the contingent fund of the Senate.
I have conferred with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who says that it is desirable
this resolution should pass, in order to simplify the
accounts. The effect of it is simply to charge the
contingent fund of the Senate with the sum proba-
bly of $1,000 for the additional compensation to
those otiiceis whose payment relates back to the
commencement of the fiscal year. 1 ask for its
present consideration.
Theie being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
texas debt.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 gave notice on Monday that
I should ask, yesterday morning, for the consider-
ation of the bill reported from the Committee on
Finance u to provide for the payment of such
creditors of the late Republic of TeXns as are com-
prehended in the act of Congress of September 9,
1850." 1 did not make the motion then, in con-
sequence of other business intervening, but 1
move now to take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill originally introduced by Mr. Thomp-
son, of Kentucky, provided for the issue of
$8,333,000 of three per cent, stock, redeemable
at pleasure after twenty years from January 1,
1851; which was to be distributed amongst the
parties holding evidences of the debt of the late
Republic of Texas, for the payment of the inter-
est or principle of which the revenues on imports
were either specially or generally pledged. The
parties before receiving the stock weie to file in
the Treasury Depaitment a full discharge of any
alleged or actual claim against the United States
on account of this poition of the Texas debt. It
also provided that in estimating the amount of
such debts held against Texas, inteiest should be
included up to January 1, 1851, at the rate speci-
fied in the certificates or other evidences of debt I
issued by Texas.
The Committee on Finance, to whom the bill
was referred, reported it back on the 15th of June,
1854, with a substitute proposing to distribute
$6,500,0i)0 in cash, pto ratay among the holders of
such Oonds or other evidences of debt of the late
Texan Republic, as were reported to be within the
provisions of the act of Congress, of September 9,
1850, by the late Secretary of theTreasury, m his
report to the President of the United States, ap-
proved by him on the 13th of September, 1851. It
also provided that the creditors should release their
claims, and that the Texas Legislature should re i
lease the United States from ail liability on account I
of the $5,000,000 in stock, reserved under the pro- !
visions of the act of September 9, 1850, and that if :
Texas should not, before January 1, 1^55, either i
release the United States, or procure from the [
creditors releases of all claim by them against the 1
United States, interest should from that time cease
upon the reserved $5,000,000.
On the 21st of June the bill was recommitted
to thecommittee, who, on the 1st of July reported
it with an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert a substitute.
The bill svas read by the Secretary.
Mr. BRIGHT. As time is very valuable to
the Senate, I should be glad if Senators would
give their attention to what the Secretary is about
to read. That portion which he has just read the
committee recommend to strike out, and it is the
substitute which he is now about to read on which
the Senate is called to act. \ ffope, therefore, sen-
ators will give their attexition to it so that it may
be understood.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That in lieu of the sum of $5,000,000, payable to the State
of Texas in five per cent, stock of the United States, by
the act entitled " An act proposing to the State of Texas the
eM3hh.<hment of her northern and western boundaries, fne
relinquishment by the said State of all territory claimed by
her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her claims upou
the United States, and to establish a territorial government
for New Mexico,passed September 9, 1850, the issuing of
which stock was? restricted by the first proviso, to the firth
proposiuon cohtamed in the first se< tion of said act, the
Secretary of the Treasury be, arid he h hereby, authorised
and directed to pay to the creditors of the late Republic of
Texas, who hold such bonds or other evidences of debt, for
which the revenues, of that Republic were pledged, as were
( reported to be within the provisions of the said act of Sep-
tember 9th, 1850, by the report of the late Secretary of
the Treasury to the President of the Urnied ^tate-,Hnd ap-
proved hy himonthe 13th day of September, 1851,or which
come within the provisions of said act, according to the
opinion upon the Texas compact of the present Attorney
General ot the United States, addressed to the Secretary of
the Treasury, under date of September ^6, 1853. the sum
of $8,500,000, to be apportioned among the said holders,
pro rata.
Sec. 2. And he it farther enacted. That in all case« where
the State of Texas may have paid any portion of the dent
described m this act, the said Secretary shall refund to the
proper officer of said State the amount actually >o paid by
the. Slate upon the presentation at ihe Treasury Depart-
ment of the evidences of s-nd debt, on which the said State
! in-iy have made such payment: Provided, The said sum
shall not exceed the piuporuori which would have been al-
lowed to the creditor or er> nifors, il such payment on x.ud
evidence* of debt had(tK)t been made by the State of Texas,
and where any original certificates or othei evidences of
debt have been surrendered to the authority of the State of
Texas,such new certificates shall be teceived as evidences
of ihe original amount o( the c mi.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted, That no payment
shall b'v made under this act to any holderof said secunties,
or evidences of debt, unless the said holder shall lii>t exe-.
cute to the United States a receipt tor the said payment, in
Which said holdei shall forevei release all claim against
the United States for or on account of the said securities or
evidences of debt, and shall nUo indorse upon said secuuty
oi evidence of debt, a credit lor the amount so received by
said holder, m such form a< the Secretary ot the Treasury
may pre^ciibe, and the said certificates, or other evidences
of debt, shall then be deposited with ihe Tteasary Depart-
ment for the benefit of those whom it may concern, until
otherwise directed bv law.
Sec. 4. And be it fmther enacted, That before pay-
ment of the moneys atore>aid, the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury shall give notice, by public advertisement, for the space
of ninety days, of the time at which said payment will be
made, and no payment sh^ll be made on any bond, certifi-
cate, or evidence of debt, which shall not, thirty days betoie
the time limited by said notice, be presented at the Tress*-
urv Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$(8,500,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropnaied,
for the purpose of carrying into effect the piovisionuot this
act.
Sec. 6. -And be it further enacted. That this act shall not
take effect until it shall be assented to by an act of the Legis-
lature of the State of Tex.is, and a copy ol me act ol said
State, duly authenticated, deposited in the Treasury De-
partment at Washington.
The pending question was on this amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, this subject has
been so long before the Senate, that I should con-
sider it a waste of time this morning to go into
the general arguments connected with the ques-
tion. 1 deem it proper, however, to state the *
basis upon which the committee have acted in
making this recommendation. The bill upon its
face would indicate that it is an appropriation out
of the Tieasury for the purpose of paying this
debt. Such is not the fact.
The amount proposed to be paid by the bill, as
it now stands, was appropriated by one of what
are known as the compromise measures of 1850.
In the act of 1850, defining and settling a bound-
ary between Texas and the United States, the sum
of $10,000,000 was appropriated, $5,000,000 of
which was reserved for the purpose of relieving
the United States from any liability that might
result in consequence of the debt of Texas, for
which her import duties had been previously
pledged.
The five millions reserved is in the shape of
stock—five per cent, stock—which is now worth
in the market, with intetestand premium, six and
a half millions of dollars. The amount proposed
to be appropriated by the bill is just the amount
which will he due at the expiration of the time
when this stock matures. Hence, the only point
presented for the consideration of the Senate is,
whether, for the purpose of settling this vexed
question, which has been before xha Senate for
years past, and will be for years to come, unless
settled, you anticipate the balance of the time this
debt has to run; that is to say, pay the interest
now, instead of at the end of the time.
