1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
mm
Mr. SHIELDS. If I understand the subject
aright, the Government o.wes $5,000,000, and the
interest which is to accrue upon the $5,000 000.
This bill contemplates giving the $5,000,01)0 and
the supposed premium upon the stock, and the
interest upon the debt and the premium together.
Mr. BRIGHT. The bill cancels the obligation
of the United States to issue the stock. That
stock is now wortH in the market a premium of
fourteen per cent. The $5,000,000, together wtth
interest and premium, on the 1st of January last,
would have amounted to $6,500,000 if the stock
were issued; but this bill cancels the obligation of
the United States to issue the stock, and requires
the payment in money. The stock matures in a
little over nine years from this time. Five years
of the time, in round numbers, has expired.
Mr. SHIELPS. 1 wish to ask the honorable
Senator what the amount of the original debt,
which is $5,000,000, and the interest accruing;
upon the $5,000,000, whl be at the expiration of
that time?
Mr. BRIGHT. Just what is appropriated in
the bill. The bill, as it now stands, proposes to
appropriate at this time the amount of the debt for
which the United States are liable, $5 000,000,
and the inteiest on that at the end of fourteen
years. That is all it proposes. It is proposed
further} that before this biH can take effect, the
assent of Texas shall be obtained, and that no
part of the money shall be paid until the credi-
tors of Texas have filed a full and final release
to the United States. The committee, after a very
thorough examination of the case, have come to
the conclusion that this is a fair and just settle-
ment between all "the parties. We are willing to
refer it to Texas for her assent. If she refuses
to give that assent, it will then be an open ques-
tion, and will remain here for further agitation.
If she accepts the offer, it will end the question.
If any gentleman objects to this, I hope he will
propose a substitute that will be more fair, equit-
able, and just.
Mr. CHASE. If I understand this proposi-
tion it is to pay now, in lieu of the five per cent,
bonds which were issued, I think, for fourteen
years, the sum of $8,500,000. Those bonds were
issued in 1850. There is then now due four
yeais' interest upon these bonds, or twenty per
cent., which would make the exact amount at the
end of four years, $6,000,000. The honorable
Senator from Indiana stales that the premium
which this stock now commands in the market
would, added to the interest, make altogether the
sum of $6,500,000. The bill proposes to pay
§8,500,000. Taking the statement exactly as it
is, then, the proposition is to pay $2,000,000, for
which there is no obligation on the part of the
United States exising in contract. That is the
simple proposition. It is to pay $2,000,000 for
the sake of getting rid of a vexed question. For
one, sir, I am not prepared to vote in favor of
that payment.
It has been stated repeatedly upon this floor in
the course of the discussions of this winter and
past winters, and I thmkVtated by the honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] that there was
no obligation whatever upon the part of the United
Slates to pay any proportion of the debt of Texas.
That was my opinion at the commencement of
the discussion, and it remains unchanged to day.
Mr. RUSK, The honorable Senator has mis-
taken me. He puts me on the opposite side from
that which 1 occupy. 1 have said from the begin-
ning, (I have omitted no occasions, when it could
be properly said, and frequently when it could
not be properly said,) that the United States were
bound m conscience and equity to pay more than
one half of the debt of Texas, in consequence of
the violation by this Government of her treaty
stipulations, in permitting Indians to war upon
us continually.
Mr. CHASE. Then T misapprehend the po-
sition of (he honorable Senator in regard to the
obligations of the United States to Texas; but I
think I do not misunderstand his opinions in re-
gard to the ground of this obligation. The Sen-
ator now states that his ground of obligation is,
that the United States have failed to fulfil their
obligations in respect to the Indians, and that
damages* sustained by the State of Texas, in con-
sequence of Indian incursions, have cieated a
claim upon the Treasury of the United States for
a very large amount.
But I will ask the honorable Senator whether
he or his colleague has ever asserted on this floor
that the United States were bound to pay any
part of the debts of Tlkas, upon the ground that
they were debts secured by the customs revenue of
Texas ?
Mr. RUSK. I have not.
Mr. CHASE. The honorable Senator says he
has not, and that was the point. The ground upon
which this debt was provided for, in the year
1850, was, that the United States were liable to
pay the debts of Texas, because by annexation the
United States had become^possessed of the reve-
nue of Texas, out of which those debts would oth-
erwise have been paid.
Everybody knows, Mr. Piesident, that the
United States, in 1845, entered into a solemn com-
pact with Texas, by which it was expressly stip-
ulated that the vast area of Tex>*s, her vast public
domain, should be reserved intact to that State,
and that the Stale itself should pay her entire debt,
and that that debt should in no event become a
charge upon the Treasury of the United Slates.
The honorable Senator from Texas did nothing
more than was to be expected from his known
candor and fairness, when he repudiated all claim
upon the United States on theground of any obli-
gation to discharge the debts of Texas because
the United States had become possessed of her
reven ues.
1 do not propose to go into that matter now.
It was settle^ in 1850, so far as the Congress of
that day proposed to settle it. it was settled against
my vote; but at that time Congress did a^iee to
assume, in behalf of the United States, $5,000,000
of the debts ofTexas.
Now, sii, we ate bound to pay that money. It
is a debt honestly due, and it amounts now to
$6,000,000, and 1 am ready at any time to vote
for an appropriation of that sum to be paid to the
creditors of Texas, or to the State of Texas her-
self, as the creditors and Texas shall arrange.
But not believing that there was any original just
ground of claim, and not believing that there is
now any just ground of claim, I am unwilling to
pay the sum of $2,000,000 to the creditors} of
Texas, when the soie giound uiged is not any
compact, not any obligation of public duty, but
simply to get, rid of vexation. If that is aground
of chum, although your Treasury is very full
now, it eertunly would be empty to-morrow, i
thus have stated very briefly the grounds on which
I am compelled to vote against this bill; and hav-
ing stated my views 1 shall not prolong the dis-
cussion .
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not admit the liability of
this Government at all in this case. We have,
however, a fund in our hands which is to assume
the form cf a debt, paying interest at five per
cent., at a future day, and the premiums on the
bonds at this time, as I understand, would be
some fourteen or fifteen per cent.
Now, sir, we have this fund, and we have this
interest to pay. 1 shall give my vote iu favor of
the bill recommended by the committee, on the
ground that we pay what we are now willing to
pay to buy m any debt or stock, and make a fur-
ther concession by way of compromise. The
amount is not very large, and if we can dispose of
this whole subject by making a moderate conces-
sion and get nd of it, m conformity with the rec-
ommendation of the committee, I acquiesce in it
But m doing so, 1 cannot recognize the liability of
this Government for the debt of Texas, i rise
not to discuss the question, but barely to express
the ground on which I shall give my vote.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to make
a speech on this question, but I merely wish to
state my views in regard to it. 1 cannot, vote for
this bill. I consider it as assuming, in part at
least, a debt of Texas which we do not owe. I
am willing to carry out the obligation of what is
called the boundary act. I am willing to pay over
the five millions with interest in any manner that
may be designated by the State of Texas and the
creditors. 1 believe, sir, I would go further. I
would pay five millionsof stock and the premium.
I am willing to pay what we oweaccoidmg to
the statement of any fair account, but I am not
willing to pay one cent beyond that; and, there-
fore, I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is an amendment neces-
sary to come in at the end of the first section.
Mr. DiXON. I desire to know of the Senator
from Indiana,ifthis bill proposes to pay anything;
but principal and interest? - , - -
Mr. BRIGHT. It proposes, as I states be«
fore, to anticipate the interest for the residue of .
the term. It proposes to pay just what th« bonds
wili amount to at the- expiration of the time for .
which they were issued.
I move to amend, by-adding at the end of the
first section, the words: - 4-
Prooided, That th« interest on thedebt ^mbraoed in this*
act shall he calculated and regulated by the existing jaws,'
of the State of Texas,
That was an omission in the bill reported by:
the committee.
Mr, HUNTER. I do not understand that.
The interest on what debt?
*Mr, BRIGHT. Upon the debt of Texas.,
Texas has passed an act whereby the interest on
such debt ceased. The object is to make the bill
conformable to her legislation, and as far as pos-
sible to make it acceptable to her when her Legis-
lature shall come to declare its assent or dissent,
Mr. PEARCE. I apprehend that will make
very littleidifference. The money appropriated
by this bill is not sufficient to pay all the claims
of the cieditors. It proposes to distribute the
amount pro raiay and there will not be more than
enough money, indeed there will not be money
enough, to pay the whole of these debts, and the-
mterest upon them to the time when, by the legis-
lation of the State ofTexas, the interest ceases; so
that it will really make no difference. In regard
to the bill itself, t am so situated on the subject,
that it does not become me to detain the Senate
by any long discussion at present. I however,
beg leave to say a very few woids.
The obligation of theGovernment of theUnited
States, under the act of 1850, is to the State of
Texas, and not to its creditors. That.is certain,
it is an obligation to issue to the State of Texas
$5,000,000 in bonds, taking fourteen years to run,
and paying five per cent, interest; but this issue is
not to be made, according to the act of 1850, until
all the creditors of Texas, to whom their duties or
customs were pledged for the security of the bonds
or other evidence of debts, shall have released any
claim which they may have against theGovern-
ment of the United States, and filed such releases
at the Treasury. That is the provision of the act
of 1850. It was intended to compel an arrange-
ment between the State of Texas and her creditors.
It has failt-d m its elfect. No arrangement has been
made. Texas has not paid these creditors her
debts; and, except as to a'very small portion of
them, has paid none of them. The releases have
not been filed at theTreasury; and the bonds can-
not be issued until the releases of ail the claims
are filed.
That being the condition of things, it is evident
that no settlement of the matter between the cred-
itors of Texas and the State of Texas, and the
United States, as against whom these creditors
also claim that they have a demand, can be made
without further legislation; and I do not see how
it is possible for us to adopt any further legislation
except by the assent of Texas, because $5,000,000
of I he stock proposed to be issued by the act of
1850 were to be issued to her, and not to her cred-
itors.
In the mean time thecreditorsare suffering. The
delay in effecting a settlement between them-and
Texas is ruining them. Many of them are our
own citizens, and they think—and not without
reason—that besides the claim which they have
upon Texas, they have a claim upon the Govern-
ment of the United States. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Chase] thinks that they have no claim
because' we appropriated the funds pledged by the
State ofTexas to the liquidation of these debts.
There are others who think they have a claim.
What the precise extent of it is, whether it is per-
fectly right, or whether it is a cjaim for a perfect
and complete indemnity from the United States, it
is not necessary for me to argue. They believe
they have a claim, and they have under the laws
of nations, I think, good authority for asserting
that they have such a claim. But 1 do not propose
 the bill does not propose—to pay ihe creditors in
full, ftproposesan arrangement which may be con-
sidered a release. Undoubtedly the bill proposes
to appropiiate a larpei sum of money than is now
due upon these bonds, even if you include the
premium which has been mentioned in the argu-
ment. The amount to be given, as stated by the
