240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
view of placing myself rfi^ht before the Senate,
that I think my position in relation to this matter
has been somewhat misunderstood.
I have been charged, through one of the leading
journals of this city, with having proposed the
amendment which 1 notified,the Senate I intended
to offer, with a view to embarass the Democratic
party. It was said thet I was a Whig from Ken-
tucky, and that the amendment proposed by me
should be looked upon with suspicion by the oppo-
site party. Sir, I merely wish to remark that, upon
the question of slavery, i know no Whiggery, and
I know no Democracy. 1 am a pro-slavery man.
I am from a slaveholding State; 1 represent a
slaveholding constituency; and I am here to main-
tain the rights of that people whenever they are
presented before the Senate.
The amendment, which I notified the Senate that
I should offer at the proper time, has been incor-
porated by the Senator from Illinois into the bill
which he has reported to the Senate. X'he bill, as
now amended, meets my views, and I have no ob-
jection to it. 1 shall, at the proper time, as far as
1 am able to do so, aid and assist the Senator from
Illinois, and others who are anxious to carry
through this proposition, with the feeble abilities ,!
I may be able to bring to bear upon it. I think it > |
due to myself to make this explanation, because I ;;
do not wish it to be understood that upon a ques- I
tion like this i have, or could heve, any motive ex- i
cept that which should influence a man anxious to ij
secure what he believes to be a great principle— j|
that is, congressional non-interference in all the ji
Territories, so far as this gieat question of slavery ' \
is concerned. [!
I never did believe in the propriety of passing j|
the Missouri compromise. 1 thought it whs the
result of necessity. I never thought that the great ,|
Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Clay, when head- i
vocated that measure, did so because his judgment
approved it, but because it w.t« .the result of a com- ■
bination of circumstances which drove him to the ■;
position he assumed; and I have never thought ,:
that that measure received the sanctions either of |
his heart or of his head. _ ;
The amendment, then, which 1 gave notice that "
1 would piopose—and which I intended to have
proposed, if it had not been rendeied wholly un-
necessary by the amendment reported by the Sen- ■
ator fiorn Illinois, from the Committee on Terri-
tories of winch he is the honored ilmirmin—I
intended to offer, under the iirm conviction that 1 ^
was cairym<s out the principles settled in the com-
promise acts of 1850; and which leave the whole
question of slavery with the people, and without '.
any congressional intei ference. For over the sub- j
ject of slavery, either m the States or Territories
of the United States, 1 always have believed, and
have always contended, th.it Congre>s had no
power whatevei; and that < onscquently, the act
of 1820, commonly known as the Missouri Com-
promise act, is unconstitutional: and at the proper ,
time I shall endeavor to satisfy the Senate and the ,
country ot the truth of these propositions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As this discussion has be- I
gun, I feel it to be mv duty to say a word in ex- |
planation. 1 am jjlad to hear the Senator from ,
Kentucky say that the bill, as it now stands, ac- ^
comphshes ail that he desired to accomplish by i
his amendment, because his amendment seemed
to myself, and to M>mc with whom I have con- i
suited, to mean more than what he now explains ,
it to mean, and what I am glad he did not intend '
it should mean. ]
We supposed that it not only wiped out the j
legislation which Congress had heretofore adopted, !
excluding slavery, but that it affirmatively legis-
lated slavery into the Temtory._ The object of i
the committee was neither to legislate slavery in j
nor out of the Territories; neithei to inttodncenor j
exclude it; but to iemo\e whatever obstacles Con-
gress had put there, and apply the doc-trine of
congressional non-intervention, ui accordance with ■
the°pnnciples of the compromise measures of'
1850, and allow th<=> people to do as they pleaded
upon this, fis well as all other matters aftectmg
their interests.
The explanation of the honorable Senator from <
Kentucky shows that his meaning was not what ,
many supposed it to he, who judged simply from
the phraseology of the amendment. I deem this
explanation due to the Senator and to myself. ;
Mr. DIXON". I am obliged to the Senator from ;
Illinois for placing me right on that point. Surely
M
the phraseology of the amendment which was pro-
posed by me would not authorize any such con- :
struction as that which seems to have been given j
it—that it would legislate slavery within the limits '
of the Territory now proposed to be organized. :
Now, sir, the language, of that amendment is, that j
the law itself shall not be so construed as to pre- j
vent persons from taking their slaves into that I
Territory, but that they shall have the same right j
to do so as if the law had never been passed. j
What is the effect of that? It only places them ;
,in the position that they would have occupied if-|
the law had never been passed. It does not secure |
to them any right at all by legislative enactment 1
here, but merely removes an obstacle which legis- ,
Itttive enactment here had thrown in the way of i
the slaveholder in taking his property within the
proposed limits. If it. were construed otherwise,
it never could have been my intention to act on
the principle which is suggested; for 1 will here
take leave to remark, that I have always believed
and maintained, as a sound proposition, and ex- i
pect to maintain in the discussion in this case, i
That the power of Congress never did exist at all
over the subject of slavery, either within or with-
out the limits of the Territories.
The motion of Mr. Douglas was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate now to ta
up the bill "to provide for the ascertainment and j
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
| spoliations commit'ed by the French prior to the 1
| 31st day of July, 1801." I make the motion, not
: for the purpose of asking the Senate to act upon
the bill to-day, but simply that some future day !
| may be assigned-for its consideration.
: The motion was agreed to, and lhe Spnate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask that next Monday
i week bp assigned for the consideration of this
bill; and 1 give notice that I shall, on that day,
: ask for a vote of the Senate upon it. 1 do not
propose to discuss it. I should haidly deem it
1 proper or just to the Senate so to do. It is a !
question with which all are familiar. I desire ,
only that the Senate shall give us a vote upon it
at as eailya day as possible. I ask, therefore,
that the bill may be postponed until next Monday
week, and made the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
OPEN EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
Mr. CHASE. As there seems to be no other 1
business now before the Senate, I ask that the '
Senate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion submitted by me some days since, as to hold-
ing Executive sessions with open doors. 1 am not
anxious to do anything more than simply to ask
for a vole of the Senate on the question.
The motion was agreed lo; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution; which is as fol-
lows:
" Uc-olvciJ, That tilt- following mle be adopted for the
lobulation ot ptoci'e<lmg> in flits Senab', and lhat so mi'rh
of the 3'.)th, '10th, and 41 ^ ruh'sa^ niav beincon^is-tent with
lhe mle hereby e>Mbh>licd, be O'-jOnided
" All ^c-sii.ns and -ill proceedings of the Senate shall he
public and open, except when matter communicated in
confidence hv the l'ic-adent -hn'l be received, and m such
oibei ea-ie-. :i-j the Senate by ie?olntion, fioni time to lime,
may ^pec.illy order."
Mr. MASON. A resolution of similar import
Ins been before the Semite since 1 have been here,
and it was introduced, I think, by the piedecessor
of the honorable Senator from Ohio, and underwent
.some discussion. I douhtnot Senators have their
nvnds made up upon the subject; and therefore, to
test whether or not we will go into that subject, I
move that the resolution he upon the table, and
upon thru motion I ask Tor the yeas and nays.
The yens nnd nays were oirtered.
Mr. I^ETTIT. It seems to me that that is pre-
cisely our rule now.
The.yeas and nays were tdken, and resulted—
yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Badger, Bell, Butler, Ca^, Coop-
er, Paw-on, Dixon, Evans, Eveiett, J-Vh, Fnzpatrick,
Foot, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Ma=on, Sebastian,
Shields, Smith. Stuait, Thompson ofNew Jersey, Toombs
arid Toueev—'23.
NAYS—Messrs Chase, Dodsje of Wi.*con«in, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Gvvin, Hamlin. Norn*, Petnt, Slidell,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, Weller, and William5?—1-1.
So the resolution was ordered to lie upon the
table.
PAMELA BROWN.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill for the relief of Pamela Brown,
widow of Major General Jacob Brown, deceased.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place her name upon the list of pensioners,
and pay her a pension at the rate of one half of
the pay per month to which her husband was en-
titled at the day of his death, to commence the 1st
of January, 183S, and continue during her natural
life.
At the request of Mr. Adams, the report of the
Committee on Pensions was read, from which it
appears that Mrs. Brown made application to the
proper Department for a pension, under the fif-
teenth section of the act of 1812, and the act of 29th
of January, 1813. Her application was disal-
lowed under the decision of the Secretary of War,
Mr. Poinsett, who admitted the evidence, but
feared establishing the precedent. The case was
referred to Congress. A bill twice passed the House
of Representatives, but failed to be reached in the
Senate. It was subsequently again referred to the
Third Auditor, Mr. Gallaher, met his unqualified
approbation, was submitted to the Secretary of the
Interior, Mr. McClelland, but by him disallowed
upon the same objection which was presented by
Mr. Poinsett.
The claim is based on the fact that General
Brown died of wounds received and disease in-
curred in the line of his duty in the war of 1812.
Accompanying this petition is the testimony of
the physician who attended him at the time he
received his wounds, and for several years after-
wards; also that of Justice McLean, of the Su-
preme Court; of Dr. Lawsqn, Surgeon General
of the Army, of Col. Kirby, General Browpn's
aid-de-camp; of the Hon. John A. Dix;the order
of the Secretary of War announcing lus death to
the Army, and the inscription on the monument
erected by Congress to his memory, written by
John Gtninov'Adams while President of the-United
States, all of which sustain the fact that his days
were abridged by the wounds received in his
country \s service.
Mis. Brown asks the favorable action of Con-
gress on her petition on precedents established by
Congress at us last and a former session; as fol-
lows: By the act of June 23, 383G; by the act of
January 20,.1853, for the lehef of Elizabeth Arm-
istead; by the act of January 27, 1853, for the re-
lief of Margaret Worth; by the act of February
26, 1853, for the relief of Mary W. Thompson,
Elizabeth V. Lomax, and Mrs. A. M. Dade; and
by the act of January 27, 1853, for the relief of
Mrs. Ann C. Belknap.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to express the hope that
this bill will paes unanimously, as a tribute of
justice to the living and respect to the memory of
the dead, who was as gallant and meritorious an
officer as ever bore his country'y standard into
battle. I knew him well when living; I knew
him during his whole service in the war, and sub-
sequently, until the time of his death; and 1 knew
personally, as well as the fact can be known, that
he never recovered from the effects of the wounds
received in that tremendous contest on Niagara
river, which conferred such honor upon our coun-
try, and now forms such a bright page in our his-
tory. He died poor. 1 hope, under such circum-
stances, the Senate will pass the bill immediately.
It is not an act of gratitude; it is an act of jus-
tice.
Mr. ADAMS. I asked for the reading of the
report to see whether there were facts justifying
the making of this case different from other cases
provided for at the last session. I find there are.
Mr. CASS. It is all right.
M.ADAMS. It is. In other casesthe pension
was only allowed for five years. The facts stated
seem to have justified the committee in reporting
the bill different from them, and 1 make no objec-
tion to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
WIDOW OP CAPTAIN GUNNISON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
hill granting five years' half pay to the widow of
Captain Gunnison.
Mr. CASS. Yesterday when the objection was
raised by my colleague with respect to the name
