1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fe&a
'fSf
been associated with him for three years upon the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads',
and I feel the same regard for him to-day.
But, sir, the explanation which I have given to
the House this morning, which the gentleman says
I have made to go out to the public, I have not
made at the request of the Postmaster General;
neither have I communicated the facts which I
have communicated as coming from him. He has
called upon me to make no explanation in his be-
half. I was only speaking of the necessity there
is for such an order as the gentleman complains of
having been made at the Department, and of which
I myself was ignorant until my attention was
called to it by the complaint of the gentleman in
this case. If the gentleman himself will reflect
upon it for a moment, he will see the necessity
there is for such a regulation.
Take another case in connection with this De-
partment. Who does not know that removals take
place every day in the Post Office Department,
upon charges that do not go to the public, and
upon charges which, perhaps, the person himself
has no knowledge of? Does the gentleman say
that it would be right that members of Congress
should be allowed to go into the room of the clerk
having charge of the petitions for the appointment
and removal of postmasters, and should have the
privilege of examining all these petitions, and all
the private correspondence in relation to them
—correspondence of members of Congress and
others, for the purpose of making it public to the
world ? Should they be made acquainted with all
these secrets, which are peculiarly the business of
the Department?
Why, suppose a charge is made against a post-
master for robbing the mail, or suppose he him-
self makes the charge against another. Suppose
the charges and the evidence are such as to satisfy
the Postmaster General, but not such as to war-
rant him in instituting legal proceedings; but he
thinks himself called upon, in the administration
of his Department, to remove the delinquent post-
master. Would the gentleman have these charges
made public? Would not the making of them
public remove the only means in his power of de-
tecting the guilty postmaster, by putting him
upon his guard ? Mr. Speaker, it does seem, to
me that there is reason, and"good reason, nay, sir,
that there is a necessity, that such a regulation as
is now complained of by the gentleman from
Kcntuclty should exist in the various depart-
ments of the Government.
Now, sir, I have said what I have upon this
subject, not as wishing to raise any hard feeling
against the gentleman from Kentucky in the
minds of the members of this House. I do not
believe that any such exists. I certainly entertain
none, and am sure no other gentleman does; but
I have made this reference because I feared that
the resolutions which I have recommended for
the adoption of the House, under the direction
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, might be prejudiced by the complaints
made by the gentleman from Kentucky in refer-
ence to this matter. Sir, I protest against any
such prejudice being raised. What has the Post-
master General done in relation to the matter ?
The gentleman from Kentucky offers a resolution
calling upon him for copies of all correspondence
concerning this case. And what is the reply of
the Postmaster General ? He transmits copies of
every paper in the possession of the Department
which was called for; and not only that, but he has
marked them for ihe inspection of the gentleman
from Kentucky, or any other member of the
House. I challenge the gentleman from Kentucky,
or any other gentleman upon this floor, to point to
the first scintilla of evidence that has not been fur-
nished by this correspondence, so that if there is
anything wrong in the contract made with Messrs.
Powell and Metcalfe, gentlemen can ascertain it
for themselves.
This, sir, is the condition of the case. The
Postmaster General sent his special a'gents to in-
vestigate the state of the service upon this mail
route, and they reported to him that the service
was not sufficient for carrying the mail upon it.
The Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans made
a special request of the Postmaster General for
increased mail facilities on that route.
Mr. GREY. What is the date of the contract?
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is not dated.
Mr. OLDS. The date is not here. Perhaps
I am unable to give the date. I have not turned
my attention to anything with regard to dates,
seeing nothing wrong in the whole matter.
Mr. GREY. Has the gentleman the copy of
the memorial ?
Mr. OLDS. I have.
Mr. GREY. Does it not give the date?
Mr. OLDS. It does not.
I say that there we're complaints from the people
all along the route at the feeble manner in which
the mail service was performed, and calling for
increased mail facilities; and your Postmaster
General, as in duty bound, called on the postmas-
ters along that route for information. Copies of
that information have been given. He sentaspe-
cial agent from the Post Office Department to make
investigation. His report is also given. The
report recommended that the service should be put
on the river. The Postmaster General asked for
bids from the steamboat owners, and the lowest
bid that he received for the performance of the
service was §50,000 for six months, which was at
the rate of §100,000 per annum. Now, what
could the Postmaster General do? The people
demanded this increase of mail facilities; the bids
of the steamboat owners were too exorbitant. He
could not make a contract of that kind. He then
called on Messrs. Metcalfe and Powell, who had
the existing contract, for a proposition for double
daily service for running two coaches. They
were willing to perform it for a pro rata compen-
sation. They were receiving $36,000, and they
were willing to perform double service for #36,000
more, which would make $72,000 per annum-
still $28,000 less than the lowest bid put in by the
steamboat owners for the performance of the same
service.
The Postmaster General, after the fullest inves-
tigation, made an offer to Messrs. Metcalfe and
Powell that the double daily service should be ;
performed for §24,000 in addition to what they :
already received. They were unwilling to make
this contract. They were unwilling for that com-
pensation to double their stock on the road, to
enlarge their stabling, which they would have to ;
do if they entered into the contract. To do so ;
would require an outlay of $30,000, which, if
they did not get a continuance of the contract
from the 30th of June next, would be thrown on j
their hands as lost. They objected then to enter- j
ing into the contract unless they had some kind !
of assurance from the Postmaster General that!
they could be continued m that, service for four j
years longer. The Postmaster General had no I
power to make the contract beyond the 30th day
of June; but, as an inducement to these men to
take that contract and expend their $30,000 in
increase of stock and stabling, and in repairing
the road—for Mr. Powell himself expended ,
$15,000 in building a bridge on the road at his I
own expense—'the Postmaster General gave them I
the assurance that he would make a recommend- 1
ation to Congress that the contract should be
continued four years longer.
Now there is not a particle of evidence to show
; that it is more than the service is worth. On the
contrary the evidence is that it is not beyond the
real value of the service to be performed. There
is not a particle of evidence that bids would be
put in at a lower rate.
But the point which I wish to urge upon the !
consideration of the House is this; Messrs. Pow-1
ell and Metcalf, have been induced to take this con-
tract and make an outlay of $30,000, upon the
supposition that the Congressof the United States
would extend their contract four years longer; and
if this contract is to be abrogated, or if Congress j
should refuse its assent to the extension of the
> contract, and it is let to the lowest bidders, and
they shall not be the lowest bidders, they will in-
cur a loss of $25,000 or $30,000 in consequence
of having acted on what they supposed would be,
arid what really is, the recommendation of the
Postmaster General that the contract should be
continued four years longer.
There is not a particle of evidence to show that^
everything about the contract has not been fair,
j I believe, on my honor, that a fair and just con- j
i tract has been made by the Postmaster General, i
in accordance with his usual desire to advance the !
i interests of the country in the administration of
J his Department. For I believe that if Postmaster i
! General Campbell has a fault at all, it is that of j
j being too close and economical ill the adoiinistra-!
tion of his department of tMe OovernineBt, r$tjh r
than that he is at all disposed to lend, himself'tc|
anything that looks like over-payment for any
service that may be performed., * -
Now, I ask the House, under these circumstan-
ces, with this understanding upon the. part of
Messrs. Powell and Metcalfe, that they should
have the contract for four years longer,' Congr.eSS
assenting to the same—I ask if it is just that we
should refuse to pass this resolution, and throw
the loss upon these individuals who have coiiie ji>
to the aid of the Post Office Department in the
very hour of its need, and throw this loss upo'ji
them in consequence of their liberality, and tlieir
desire to advance the interests of the Post Office
Department?
I think the resolution ought to pass; and, to make
it effective, it ought to be passed at once; for, if it
is not passed before the 35th of this month, the
bids which have been made under the advertise-
ments will then be declared,'and it will be too late,
because the Postmaster General must then award
the contract to the lowest bidder, whether the low-
est bid be $150,000,1100,000, or $50,000. I hope,
therefore, that the House will at once put the
resolution upon its passage. I am willing, how-
ever, that any gentleman shall now have the floor
who wishes to speak in opposition to the resolu-
tion. Does the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Gret] desire to speak in opposition to it?
Mr. GREY. I desire to say a few words only.,
Mr. OLDS. Before yielding* the floor, in order
to prevent the bill from going into the fifth .class
of business on the Speaker's table, in case a mo-
tion should be made and carried to proceed U> #ie
business on the Speaker's table, I desire to submit
a motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled, the fol-
lowing bills; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of John Guzman, of Lou-
isiana; and
An act establishing a land office in the lower
peninsula of Michigan.]
Mr. GREY. Mr. Speaker, the subject-matter
of this resolution does not immediately interest
me or my constituents. When it was first brought
up before this House I was not in my seat, but
coming in while it was under discussion, I learned
that it was a contract iii' Violation of the general
laws governing the " Ietungs " of mail contracts,
that it was a contract made under the discretionary
power of the Postmaster General. That, sir,
drew my attention to it more particularly than any-
thing else, because, by and under the exercise of
these "discretionary powers" and privileges, in
violation of the laws of the country, the State which
you and I in part represent, have, I will not say
been swindled by the Post Office Department out
of $10,000 per annum, by the operation of that
dangerous " discretionary power;" 1 do not like'
to use the word "swindled." But I will say,
here, that the State of Kentucky has been un-
justly and illegally charged about $100,000 within
the last year for mail facilities and about half that
sum per year previous, under a contract made in
violation of law, and now continued, and the service
upon which has never been performed in accord-
ance with the terms and stipulations of that illegal
contract. Nor has" it benefited, but has been of.
actual injury and prejudice to our mail facilities
in Kentucky.
That is a matter, Mr. Speaker, about which
you and I had some conversation during last Con-
gress, and went together to the'Post Office Depart-
ment to see about; and 1 then prelestfd against it,
and insisted the contract on that route should be
" let" according to law, and to the advertisements
then published for bids upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Grey] when
the contract of which he speaks was made ?
Mr. GREY. When the contract in Kentucky
was made?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREY. If the House will allow me the
digression,. I will, if he desires it, explain to tha
gentleman. In 1850 the contract was let to carry
the mail from Louisville to St. Louis, by the way
of the Ohio river, for $10,000 a year, by J. C.
Piuckles, or Buckles and a partner, perhaps.
There was some personal disagreement hetween
