952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April J 9,
Buckles and the present Second Assistant Post-
master Genera!, which induced the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of the last and
this Congress to believe that Buckles had been
unjustly dealt with. Buckles was seriously fined,
his pay withheld from him, his contract forfeited,
and given to Messrs. Sherlock and Shirley, without
advertisement for bids, but under this odious " dis-
cretionary power," at a much higher price of com-
pensation than had been given to Buckles. Sher-
lock and Shirley performed the service so badly that
complaints were loud and universal, and Congress,
in August, 1852, passed an act which made it the
" duty of the Postmaster General to issue pro-
posals and contract for the transportation of the
mails" on that route.
Accordingly, on the 31st December, 1852, ad-
vertisements were published by the then Post-
master General for bids for the service, "on suit-
able and safe steamboats," for four years from 1st
of July, 1853. 1st. From Louisville to Evans-
ville and back, daily. 2d. From Evansville to
Cairo and back, daily. 3d. Between Cairo and
•St. Louis, daily. The bids to be received at the
Post Office Department by 10th February, 1853,
to be considered and decided on by the 1st March,
and service to commence the 1st July, 1853.
Well, sir, in January, 1853, Mr. Shirley came on
here, and obtained an extia allowance upon his
contract, (which I believe was then at about
$40,000 per annum,) running his pay up to
§70,000 per annum; and from 1st February, 1853,
until the service should commence upon the new
contracts, that is, those to be let 1st March, 1853.
This extra allowance contract to Shirlock and
Shirley was recommended by the present Second
Assistant Postmaster General. I protested against
it, for 1 knew it was in violation of law, and 1
believed it would tend to fix the price for that,
service from Louisville to St. Louis at $70,000
per annum, which was greatly above the steam-
boar daily service between Louisville and Cincin-
nati, (which is §10,500 for one hundred and forty-
two miles.) 1 knew, too, that Shirley and Shirlock
had never performed the service with any regu-
larity; for the district I represent fronts upon the
Ohio river for hundreds of miles, and, sir, 1 believe
it was the desiie of the present Second Assistant
Postmaster General to afford to Shirlock and Shir-
ley the means by this §70,000 to get their line of
packets so regulaily established from Louisville
to St. Louis before the .iww contract could be
ready to commence opei^tion, that the new con-
tractors could not compete with their opposition
line, and would be thus compelled to give up to
Shirley and Shirlock their contracts.
The bids were filed,and on the 2d March, 1853,
Messrs. Glover and Mather were informed by an
" otticial'Metter signed bv Mr. Dundas, informing
them that their bids had been accepted for the
routes fiotn Louisville to Evansville, Evansville
to Cairo, (and several other routes,) the whole of
them at the annual compensation of $450,000.
On the j^th March, 1853, Mr. Dundas wrote
again to Messrs. Glover and Mather, tlmt he was
instructed by the present Postmaster General to
inform them that he had not yet had time 11 to ex-
amine the matter of the acceptance" of their bids
for these routes, "but that it is his intention to
reconsider the acceptance as soon as he can find
time to give it his attention."
The result was a reconsideration and an annul-
ment of their "acceptance " as contractors on ]3th
Mitrch, 1853; and in lieu changes and modifications
weie made under that "discretionary power, "and
a contract finally agreed upon nt the annual compen-
sation of $207,975, for various steamboat routes,
twice daily, on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
&c., to commence on the 1st December, 1853. This
contract was dated on the 20th day of May, ail ,
writte"h out in due form and fully executed, and ;
endorsed "signed, sealed, and delivered by the
Postmaster General, in the presence of .lames N. j
Davis," "and by the other parties in thepiesence
of W. P, Young," ond several other witnesses, '
whose names are attached.
Well, sir, all would here naturally expect an,
end to the exercise of that " discretionary power." :
But no, not yet. The contractors went West, !
procured boats, had everything ready and in com- '
plete trim, and on the morning; of the 1st Decern-!
ber, 1853, presented their boats and demanded the 1
mails. But, lo and behold, a letter from the Post- i
master General, dated 26th November, 1853, !
addressed to the " mail agent" at Louisville, in-
formed him not to give the mail to the contractors
unless they would agree not to carry any freight—
nothing but mails and passengers on any of their
boats. This, too, when there was no such pro-
vision or prohibition in the contract, which he, as
Postmaster General of the United States, had exe-
cuted. All had turned out as 1 had anticipated.
Those favorites, Messrs. Shirlock and Shirley,
had all this while been conveying the mails daily
from Louisville in boats to St. Louis, and are yet
doing so.
The mails are carried from Louisville by stages,
across Illinois, to St. Louis. Therefore, the river
mail was established solely to supply the interme-
diate offices on the river between Louisville and
St. Louis. If it fails to supply these offices, it is
valueless and worthless; it is a fraud upon the
people along those rivers, and a swindle upon the
Treasury.
Although these contractors sail their mail boats
alongupand down the rivets both ways daily,with
freights, passengers, and mails, yet the interme-
diate offices in my district, which ought to have
been supplied daily both by up and down boats,
would have been much better oif without any
river mail at all, for then their mails would have
been sent by land routes, where the contractors
do their duty.
I have remonstrated personally, and by letters,
with the Postmaster General, and with his Sec-
ond Assistant. 1 have sent them newspaper com-
plaints, and those sent me by private correspond-
ents, but all to no purpose. These favorite con-
tractors, Messrs. Shirlock and Shirley, must be
protected, and secured in their monopoly of the
"packet line" from Louisville to St. Louis, wheth-
er they furnish " mail facilities" or not.
There is now for that service paid to Shhlock
and S lirley $70,000 per year; then to the " route
agents," mail messengers, local agents, &c.,
enough to swell it up to about $100,000; all of which
is charged to Kentucky for "mail facihties"in that
State. Thus the law of August, ly52, making it
the "duty of the Postmaster General " to 'Met
out " that river mail service to the lowest bidder,
is disregarded and violated by this " discretionary
power" to favor and fatten "pet contractors,"
at an enormous cost to, and shameful disregard of,
the rights and interests of Kentucky.
Then I would ask the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Uankis] if 1 have not reasons for exerting
what little mJluence I may have in order to put a
check upon official corruption resulting from dis-
cretionary poweis by a Postmaster General and
his assistants, who disregard ail laws and moral
obligations in relation to contracts? During these
negotiations, Mr. Dundas, 1 am informed, often
tried to induce Mr. Glover to agree to let Shir-
lock and Shirley have that contract from Louisville
to St. Louis; often said to Glover, " You had bet-
ter let Shirley and Shirlock have that route," and
" You will have to let Shirley and Shirlock have
that route. They have the boats on it, and al-
ready stocked," ifec.,&c.—substantially as above.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in relation to this Mont-
gomery and Mobile route 
Mr. 11A YEN, (interrupting.) Has the morn-
nig hour expired >
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not like to interrupt the
gentleman from Kentucky; but if he will yield me
the ilooi,I will move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GH EY 1 will yield for tlmt purpose, if I
can have the floor in the morning to finish my
remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be enti-
tled to the floor when the resolution again comes
under consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I make the motion because 1
am anxious that the West Point Academy bill
should be disposed of; and I think the committee
will finish it in a short time, if the House will go
into committee.
Mr. BISSELL I wish to make a single sug-
gestion. I hope the motion of the gentleman
from New York will not prevail; and if the
House will indulge me, I will state the reason in
about three words. There is a bill upon the
Speaker'* table known as the bill making appro-
priations of land to the different States for the
benefit of the indigent insane. 1 hope the motion
of the gentleman from New York will not prevail,
but that the House will proceed to the considera-
tion of the business upon the Speaker's table, with
a view of disposing of this bill.
The question was put on the motion; and there
were, on a division—ayes 54.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cox, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported—ayesa42,
noes not counted.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. BISSELL. 1 move that the House do
now proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I wish to appeal to
my friend from Illinois to permit the bill which has
been under consideration nearly all the morning
to be disposed of. It is a matter of some import-
ance to the contractors.
Mr. BISSELL. We have already got to the
business which I have proposed. I must adhere
to my motion.
The question was taken on the motion to go to
the business on the Speaker's table; and there
were, on a division—ayes Gl.
Mr. BISSELL. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that there be a
call of the House. I do not believe we have a
quorum present.
The question was taken \ and the House refused
to order a call of the House.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman?
and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 48; no quoium voting,
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then fftit; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 70*, as follows;
YEAS—IMcs-brs. AppJeton, Ball, Belcher, Kennett, Ben-
son, Benton, Bn&ell, Buys:, Carpenter, Chandler, Church-
ueli, Cobb, Cook, Coivvm, Crocker, Cull'Mii, Cuttimr,
Thomas DavH, Edireiton, Edmand-, Thomas I). Eliot, tii-
li^on, English, Kthendge, Giddinjrs, Gie>, Aaron Harlan,
Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hurler, Howe, Himho*, Hunt,
Kerr, Kmrod«i\ Knox, Lilly, Lmdloy, Lvon, MuDonjjall,
Maurice, MuldlcMvatth, John G. Miller, Mordecat Oliver,
Parker, Peek, Peckham, Pratt, I'uryear, David Kuehie,
TlruiiHs Ritehey, Ropei>, Bciffe, >5<ipp, Seymour, Skeltou,
William It. Smith, Ilt^tor L. Steven*, Stratum, David
Stuait, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tbm.ston,
Tiaev, rphain, Vail, Wade, Walley,ftllilm B. Waishbuine,
I-iarl Wa-ihbmn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Yates,
ami XolheuifW—7tJ,
N.YVS — Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Baiksdale,
B.iuy, Hell, Boeoek, Boyce, Bridges, Caskie, Chrisnian,
Chngman, Colquitt, Cov, Craigo, Curii>, John G. Davis,
Dawfon, Dean, Dent, Drum, Dunbar, Eddy, Edtnundson,
John i\T. Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Henri, Hihbard, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jone-*,
George W. Jones, J. Glaucy Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt,
Kidwell, Kurtz, Latham, Leteher, Lindslev, MacdonaJd,
McNair, Maxwell, M.i\a)l, .Smith Miller, Murray, Olds,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Richard-on, Bobbins, Rutfin,
Seward, Shannon, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Geoisie W. Smyth, John J. Taylor, Walbmlge, Warren,
Wells-, and Wifte—70.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly proceeded to the business on the
Speaker's table.
A bill of the following title was then taken up,
read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
An act for the relief of the Burlington Univer-
sity, m Iowa,
Mr. PHELPS. T move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope not. What is the
object?
Mr. PHELPS. The object is to dispose of the
Military Academy bill, and then take up the defi-
ciency bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phf.lps's
motion; and, on a division, there were—ayes 49,
noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
LANDS FOR THE INDIGENT INSANE.
Bill of the following title was then taken up from
the Speaker's table:
An act making a grant of public lands to the
several States of the Onion for the benefit of indi-
gent insane persons.
