242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
at this session did not submit a written report.
The bill is precisely the same in its terms as that
which passed the Senate unanimously at the last
Congress. The subject has been examined over
and over again in this and the other branch of
Congress, and has alternately received the sanc-
tion of one and the other House, but has never
been duly passed into a law, because it has not
receiifcd the sanction of both Houses at the same
session. A difference between the representatives
of on^fcof the principal claimants has heretofore,
to a great extent, embarrassed the bill. The bill
which passed the Senate at the last Congress,
and which is the same as the one now reported,
was framed so as to meet that difference, and suit
both parties claiming as representatives of that of-
ficer. The bill passed the Senate at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress, unanimously. It pro-
vides for the distribution of the valuation of the
frigate in accordance with the prize act, as it is
called, of 1802, with the single exception that the
share of Commodore Decatur is made somewhat
larger than it would be under the prize act. The
valuation of the vessel is $115,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Why is the new principle
introduced into this bill, as I understand it, of a
distribution and division between the widow and
the nieces, instead of the heirs and executors?
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill passed the Senate
at the last Congress without opposition, and I
think there can be no opposition to it now. There
was at one time an opposition to it in the Senate,
on account of a difference between the parties who
are interested in the appropriation. They acqui-
esce, 1 understand now, in the distribution pro-
posed. The parties are entitled to it; and as to the
manner in which it is distributed, I do not think
that we should raise technical objections when
they themselves are satisfied.
Mr. BAYARD. I am in favor of this bill; but
I should like to see it amended in one respect, and
I will submit a motion for that purpose. The bill
provides, as regards the commander of the vessel,
for the distribution of the sum appropriated among
certain parties. That is all proper enough. The
individuals who are to receive that part of the ap-
propriation, within the intention of Congress, are
sufficiently pointed out; but when you come to the
distribution of the residue of the fund among the
other officers and the crew, the provision is, in the
first place, that the money is to be paid to the
surviving officers and crew of the ketch Intrepid,
or to the widows, if any, of such as are dead"—
that is all right—" or if there be no widow, then
to the legal representatives of such deceased cap-
tors who were engaged in the capture and destruc-
tion of the frigate as aforesaid, to be distributed
pro rata among the said officers and crew, their
widows, or the legal representatives, theirassigns,
or the lawful attorneys of said parties." I think
the provision ought not to extend beyond thelineal
descendants; therefore the provision ought not to
be for the legal representatives, but for the sur-
viving children, or their issue.
It is true there is a subsequent provision that no
creditor shall receive any benefit under the bill;
but is it not at least questionable whether, if the
money be paid to the legal representatives of the
deceased parties, (which would of course, within
the meaning of the law, include their executors
or administrators,) and the fund goes into their
hands, a creditor may not have a light to claim
it at law, although the money is not to be paid to
him under the bill ?
Is it not a matter of question whether, if the
money were paid to the representative of a party,
it would not form a part of the assets of the estate?
It might be so construed. The object of Congress
is, I suppose, to make a gratuity to the individ-
ual, if living; if not, to his widow; and if his
widow be dead, then to his lineal decendants. I
do not know whether it will extend to collaterals
or not; my impression, however, would be against
that. The words in the bill, "the legal represent-
atives, their assigns, or the lawful attorneys of
said parties," would extend the provision to the
payment of individuals who might have advanced
money upon speculation on the necessities of the
parties. I will therefore move to strike out of the
seventh line of the second section the words " the
legal^ representatives of such deceased captors,"
and insert " the surviving children of the deceased
captors, or their issue."
Mr. FISH. I accept the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I also move to make the same
amendment in other parts of the section, so as to
make it consistent.
Mr. FISH and Mr. BADGER. That follows,
as a matter of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair understands that there
is no objection to the amendment; the bill will
therefore be modified accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in; the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed forathird reading, and was
read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
DEATH QF THE RUSSIAN MINISTER.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President: I discharge a
melancholy duty in announcing to the Senate
that the X-Ion. Alexander de Bodisco, the Minis-
ter of Russia to this Government, departed this
life, at his residence in this District, on Monday
last, and I am informed that his funeral will take
place to-morrow afternoon, at threeVclock. This
eminent gentleman, Mr. President, was known to
all of us, officially, and, I presume, to most of u*k
personally; and we knew him, while always d*
voted to the interests and the honor of his coun-
try, to have adorned the society in which he
moved, by an exemplary and virtuous life.
He was the oldest member of the diplomatic
corps at Washington, having resided here, as the
Minister of his Government, for some seventeen
years; and by matrimonial alliance in our country
he had drawn around him a large and cherished
circlc of family connections. It was my fortune—
my good fortune—to have known him well for
many years; and to have been in the habitual
interchange with him of those kind courtesies of
society which smooth, while they adorn, our
varied paths of life. By his lamented death, his
Government has lost a zealous and faithful Min-
ister, and his surviving family and connections
an affectionate and devoted husband, parent, and
friend. Knowing that—as a mark of respect to the
occasion, as well as to the memory of the de-
ceased Minister—Senators will desire to be present
at the funeral, I offer to the Senate the following
resolution:
It heme made known to the Senate that the Hon. Alex-
ander tie Bodisco, Envoy Extraordinary and* Minister Plen-
ipotentiary of Russia to the United State*, departed this
lite, at his residence in this District on Monday last, and
that his funeral will take place to-moirow, it is
Resolved, As a murk ot respect to the Government of the
deceased Minister, in amity with the United States, and in
tiuther respect to Ins memory and virtues, and to enable
Henatoia to attend Ins funeral, that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it will adjourn to meet on Thuisday next.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that resolution will not
pass, though I am perfectly willing that a motion
should be made to adjourn over till Thursday next,
with the understanding that we may show our
respect, as individual members of society, but not
as Senators, to a foreign Minister. If Congress
adjourns on the death of a foreign Minister, it will
be establishing a precedent, for it will be the first
time that such a resolution has ever gone on the
public records. I indorse everything that the
Senator from Virginia has said with regard to Mr.
Bodisco, but I think we had better simply pass a
resolution, that when the Senate adjourns it be to
meet on Thursday next..
Mr. MASON. I stated, before I offered the
resolution, that I did it upon consultation with,
and with the approbation of several Senators who
are older, more experienced, and wiser than I am.
I confess that the form in which it has been of-
fered met my entire approbation. The Minister
of a foreign court is the representative of the Sov-
ereignty of his country, and is accredited to the
Government to which he is sent as such; and it
follows, as a consequence, that he is the guest of
the nation; he has a perfect immunity of his per-
son and of his property, and he is recognized and
treated as the immediate representative of the sov-
ereign who has sent him. He is the guest of the
nation. I cannot see, therefore, that wehavegone
further than the strictest propriety would require,
in what is proposed; and if it be the first instance
—and I am informed that it is, and we have made
some search to ascertain the fact—in which a Min-
ister of a foreign Government in amity with us
has died at the seat of Government while the Con-
gress of the United States was sitting, I should be
gratified, for one, to set that example of respect to
foreign Sovereignties.
Mr. BUTLER. I am reconciled to vote for
that resolution upon a ground which has not been
assigned, though I think it is a very good one. I
think Mr. Bodisco, and all other embassadors,
occupy an official relation to this body. Prima-
rily, of course, all negotiations are conducted be-
tween the Ministers and the President of the Uni-
ted States; but. we know that their communications
come to this body, and we are thus, in some meas-
ure, associated with the Ministers from abroad. In
that point of view, 1 can see a propriety in pass-
ing the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that the reso-
lution draws the line of distinction precisely where
it should be drawn. It provides that the Senate
shall adjourn over, allowing Senators, in their in-
dividual capacity, to attend the funeral if they see
iit. It does not bind the Senate, and does not pro-
pose that the Senate shall attend the funeral in a
body. It seems to me that the line of distinction
drawn in the resolution is precisely where it should
be drawn.
Mr. CASS. T regret very much that there should
be any opposition to the adoption of the resolu-
tion. It seems to me to be very unexceptionable.
This gentleman came here as an embassador from
one of the highest Powers in Europe, and he died
in the midst of us. Nothing can be more proper,
under the circumstances, as a mark of respect for
his Government, than to give Senators the oppor-
tunity of attending his funeral. The Senator from
Maine has just observed that that is the very pur-
pose for which we adjourn, that we, as individ-
uals, may attend the funeral, as a mark of respect.
I like the resolution. It is a mark of respect that
will be appreciated in Russia, and I should be very
happy to have it passed.
Mr. GWIN. I do not object to a resolution to
adjourn over till Thursday, but I wish to know
if there ever has been such a resolution placed
upon the records of this body. I object to making
the resolution so formal. I am willing to vote,
that when we adjourn, it shall be to meet on
Thursday next, under the circumstances, so that
Senators may have an opportunity of attending
the funeral, if they wish to do so. That form will
be better. I shall vote against the resolution in
its present form, but I will vote for a motion to
adjourn over till Thursday, with the understand-
ing, that it is to give Senators an opportunity to
attend the funeral.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree in some respects with
the Senator from California. I should be very
much gratified to see the Senate adjourn over, but
I will ask my honorable friend from Virginia to
reconsider the latter part of the resolution. It
reads thus: " Resolved, as a mark of respect to
the Government of the deceased Minister." I
think that, perhaps, under existing circumstances,
in the present aspect of the world, that might as
well he omitted. " In amity with the United
States." That is true. " And in further respect
to his memory and virtues." I have no objection
to that. "And to enable Senators to attend his
funeral." That is very proper. But I should
think that something in this form would, on the
whole, be better: " It being made known to the
Senate that the Hon. Alexander de Bodisco, En-
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
&c., has departed this life, therefore, to enable
Senators to attend his funeral, resolved, that when
the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Thurs-
day next:" because if the course proposed be pur-
sued in relation to this deceased minister, it would
be necessary to pursue it in relation to all minis-
ters and all representatives, no matter how insig-
nificant or feeble their Government might be. I
apprehend there is no instance of a legislative as-
sembly taking this course in relation to the death
of a minister. I know of none. I should be very
much gratified, however, to hear from my honor-
able friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] or from
my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Everett,] who are better acquainted with the
diplomatic courtesies of Governments, as to the
custom in such cases.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, that he knows very
well that it is impossible to reconcile all shades of
