1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
opinion in the language of a resolution of this
kind.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask whether it would not be better simply to
announce the fact of the death, and thereupon
adjourn? I think that would be amply sufficient.
Mr. MASON. I submit that the expression of
respect for his Government is a term that is
appropriate while the Government exists in amity :
with ours; and as to the expression of respect
towards a gentleman occupying his position in
society, it is a matter of chivalrous courtesy.
And whatever maybe the present position of that
Government, as known to present history, we
have nothing m the world to do with it. 1 should
prefer to have the resolution pass as it is. It was
prepared with some care, and not by myself
alone.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senate will not desire,
I imagine, to render honors in connection with an
event of this character, however melancholy the
event itself may be, and however much to be re-
gretted by every member of the body, which
would be considered unusual throughout the world;
nor will the Senate for a moment be willing that
it should fail in the bestowment of such testimo-
nials of regret and respect as may be due to a high
official of another Government, with which we are
now at peace. I desire to have the light and the
knowledge and experience which has been ob-
tained by older gentlemen upon this floor to guide
me. The distinguished Senator from Michigan,
and the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Everett,] and others, have large experi-
ence, and can inform us what is customary at
foreign courts when events of this kind occur. I
will gladly vote to render such testimonials of
respect under the circumstances as are given else-
where, but no more. So far as we are concerned,
the matter is important only in respect to the pre-
cedent we shall establish, as this is the first in-
stance in which a matter of this kind has come
before the Senate. Oft-recurring precedents, we
find, embarrass our action, and tend to the con-
sumption of our time. We adjourn on the death
of a member of the Senate or of the House of
Representatives, and in some instances we have
adjourned when persons who were not members
have died. Such precedents, when once estab-
lished, are never departed from. They grow up,'
and will continue. By precedents we are con-
strained until they bccome inexorable, and busi-
ness of great moment is sacrificed to a questiona-
ble custom. While, therefore, we pay becoming
respect, let us pause ere we embarrass our future
action. We may learn from the experience which
gentlemen have derived in other countries what
course we should now pursue.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will offer the amendment
more formally which I suggested. It is as fol-
lows:
It hems: ma>le known to the Senate that the n<m. Alex-
ander de Bodi^co, Envoy Extraordinary ami Minister Plen-
ipotentiary of Russia to the tinted States, dfipaited tins
life at Ids residence w this Distiict on Monday la*t. and
that lus funeral will tdkw place to-morrow: Therefore, to j
enable Senators to attend his funeral—
Ordered, That when tho Senate adjourns lo-day, it will
adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. BAYARD. If I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, it seems to take
from the resolution what should be kept in it—the
diplomatic capacity of the deceased, as a Minister
from a foreign Government.
Mr. SHIELDS. If there is to be any contest
about the amendment, I will withdraw it.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the resolution. !
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his resolution; we had better
do nothing than do it by constraint.
Mr. CASS. It destroys the whole merit of it.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out all after the word ''resolved," and
inserting, "that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Thursday next."
Mr. MASON. The resolution was intended
as a mark of respect to the Government repre-
sented here by the gentleman who has died while
Congress is sitting, as well as a mark of respect
to his memory. 1 think we should pursue the
course indicated by it. Other gentlemen think
differently. They may be right, and I may be
wrong; but 1 am satisfied of one thing, that there
should be no discussion upon the resolution—
there should be no entry of yeas and nays upon
the Journal upon it. I therefore withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution ia with-
drawn.
Mr. WELLER. I know the fact that a great
many Senators desire to attend the funeral to-mor-
row, and for the purpose of enabling them to do
so, I move that when the Senate adjourns to-day,
it be to meet on Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senatea message from the PresidentoftheUnited
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, together with a set of works illustrative of
the Exhibition of 1851, in London, sent by the
English Government to the Government of the
United States.
The message and accompanying documents were
referred to the Committee on the Library.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate again
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein; the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 24, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Pr&yer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The'SPEAKER. Reports are in order fiom
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of petitions in the
following cases, and that they be laid upon the
table:
The petition of Abner R. Hill, praying for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a mili-
tary academy in Alabama;
The petition of William B. Honnell and others,
praying for a donation of land for the purpose of
constructing an iron foundery in the State of Ala-
bama;
The petition of Joseph Wright and others, of
Mahoning, in favor of a homestead law:
The petition of citizens of New York, in favor
of Dawson's homestead bill;
The petition of citizens of Warren county, Ohia,
in favor of a free homestead;
The petition of sundry citizens of Richland
county, Ohio, praying for law reform;
Four petitions of citizens of Ohio, praying for
the freedom of public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators of the soil;
The petition of William Danyrs and sixty-five
others, praying for the distribution of public lands
in limited quantities to actual settlers;
The petition of M. Elliot and other citizens of
Ohio, praying for a distribution of land to actual
settlers; and
The petition of R. C.Lyon and onehundied
and fifty-eight other citizens, for the same pur-
pose.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill of the House, entitled " A bill
granting to the State of Alabama public lands in
alternate sections to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads within said State," reported the
same back with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute.
Mr. C. said: The committee, after two months
of deliberation, have determined to report one rail-
road bill. It was not their intention, however, to
move that it be put upon its passage; nor was it
their intention to ask that anything of so great
importance should be immediately considered.
I If it be the pleasure of theHo'use to takeupthis
I bill and all other similar bills, affecting, as they do,
! the interests of the different States, and act upon
I them, although they may, every one of them, be
j voted down, whether we are satisfied or not we
I shall have to yield to the decision of a majority of
' the House. We havedetermined, however, not to
■ move to put a single bill reported by us upon its
I passage, but to allow them to go to the Committee
t of the5Whole, to take ihAc places upon the Oal-
, endar, and take their chances for the action of the
i House.
What is the question before
Mr. LETCHER.
the House ?
Mr. COBB. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and be printed. Now the gentleman
knows what the question is. I was proceeding
to say that we have determined to ask that no bill
reported by us shall be put upon its passage, and
not again to submit ourselves to the charge which
was unjustly made against us during the last
Congress, that we put everything reported by us
upon its passage, to the exclusion of other busi-
ness of the House. Therefore, although this bill
involves interests of very great importance to the
State of Alabama, I have moved to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I desire to ask my
colleague whether the bill he has reported provides
for the Gerard and Mobile railroad?
Mr. COBB. It does embrace that railroad.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I desire to ask my
colleague one other question., I wish to know
whether he has reported other bills in connection
with the one I have referred to, or whether he has
allowed it to stand upon its own merits?
Mr. COBB. We have reported every bill which
the Committee on Public .Lands have determined
to report, in one general bill. They have declined
to recommend at least one half the cases for which
applications have been made from the State of
Alabama. But such as they have agreed to rec-
ommend, are all reported in this bill.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. 1 give notice, then, that
when the proper time shall arrive, I shall move to
disconnect these bills, and to allow each one to
stand upon its own individual merits. There are
cases embraced in this bill that I know nothing
about. The Gerard and Mobile railroad, to which j
I have referred, I do know something about, and U
I know that it has merits. I desire, therefore,
that it may be permitted to stand upon its own
merits, and that the others may also stand upon
their individual merits. I shall therefore move,
at the proper time, to disconnect these bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask my col-
league upon my left [Mr. Cobb] what railroads
he has included in the bill he has reported from
the northern section of Alabama ?
Mr. COBB. The Charleston and Memphis
railroad, extending the whole length of the gen-
tleman's district, is embraced.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
der. I want to know whether this debate is in
order upon a motion to commit ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate is certainly in order
upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and print.
Mr. LETCHER. But gentlemen are not dis-
cussing that motion; they are discussing the merits
of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman is cer-
tainly mistaken. 1 have no wish to say anything
further, but I had no design to discuss the merits
of the bill in the question I asked.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit and.
print is debatable, and the Chair is of opinion
that it opens the merits of the measure itself to
discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
reference of the bill. I asked a question in refer-
ence to it, because I had no knowledge of what
the Committee on Public Lands had done, and I
desired to know how the bill would affect that por-
tion of the State from which I come. I have,
however, no objection to its going to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed, and 1 can examine the bill for
myself.
The question was taken; and the bill was re-
ferred.
DONATIONS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to permit me to offer a reso-
lution directing the Secretary of the Interior to
report to this House, as early as practicable, the
number of acres of public land which has been
donated by the Government of the United States,
as near as may be, and for what purposes, and
! specifying the quantity for each purpose, and in
what States and Territories.
