954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
The SPEAKER. Before the count was had,
the gentleman from North Carolina rose, and
moved to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed, and read the third
time.
Mr. BISSELL. The House was in the act of
dividing, when the gentleman from North Carolina
made his motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had not counted
at all. He had only commenced to count when
the gentleman from North Carolina rose and made
his motion. There was an example of this kind
on yesterday, and the Chair would not vary the
practice.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to understand what the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina is ?
The SPEAKER. It is to reconsider the mo-
tion by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed,
and read the third time.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall give the gentleman
from Illinois an opportunity to make that motion
in a few minutes.
Mr. BISSELL, I desire to ask the Chair, if
my motion, upon which the House was in the act
of dividing, is not a privileged motion J
The SPEAKER. It if? a privileged motion, but
the motion made by the gentleman from North
Carolina is a privileged motion of a still higher
character. If the House had seconded the demand
for the previous question, and ordered the main
question to be put, the Chair could not have en-
tertained tiie proposition to reconsidei; but before
the Chair had announced the result of a count,
the gentleman from North Carolina rose in his
place, and made the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. \ am surprised to see this
uneasiness manifested by gentlemen. I did not
intend to occupy the time of the House more than
a single moment, when I first arose and addressed
the Chair. I desire to know if the bill does not
contain certain limitations upon the States with
reference to the mode of disposing of the money;
in other words, whether it does not as it stands—
I will not trouble the House by having it reread—
require the States to expend this money in a par-
ticular manner as indicated in the bill? I under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Btssri.l] to
admit that it does. My opposition, then, I would
say, rests upon these feuturea of the bill. I will
waive the general question. Gentlemen may take
it for granted that Congress has a right to give
land to the States, and divide it among them ac-
cording to the Federal population, or any other
equitable mode. I am now taking no exception to
that principle. I hold that when you do it, when
you give land to the States, that you have no
right to control their expenditure of vv^iat becomes
their's abxolutely by your gift—at any ratp, to re-
quire them to do what this Government itself
cannot constitutionally do.
For example, in order that gentlemen may un-
derstand my point—and I shall be gratified if they
can meet it—I hold that this Federal Government
has no jmischction over the lunatics or paupers
in North Carolina, nor any rij;ht to take care of
them; that this Government has no authority, un-
der the powers given to it as a Federal and limited
Government, to legislate in this way for either
the lumuicy, paupers, negroes, or anybody el3e,
in the States; but that u is a matter which belongs
to each State exclusively. If, therefore, this bill
proposed to give lands or money, and to appoint
a set of Federal officers to go into the States and
take care of the lunatics, I piesume that most of
the members of the House would say that the
Government was exceeding its powers. I think
that nobody would maintain that we had a right
to appoint a set of Federal officers to go into the
States, and take care of the poor lunatics, or any
other class.
But does not this objection apply with equal
force to the pending proposition ? As the bill is
now framed, 1 understand it merely makes the
States agents to carry out its provisions, instead
of havin? it done by the Federal officers. It is so
framed that the States under it will tske the money
under an obligation to use it in a particular man-
ner pointed out in the bill, and, in fact, to use it to
effect what the Government then has not a particle
of authoiity to carry out. It requires, too, I
believe, the States to make returns from time to
time a.s to how they are spending the money, just
exactly as an overseer would do upon a planta*-
tion. It degrades the States, therefore, by making
them the mere agents of the General Government
to do the will of the Government, and that will,
too, being a violation of the Constitution of the
United States, which plainly limits its powers.
If the Government, by the Constitution, had any
authority to do such a thing, possibly it might be
contended that it could effect its object through the
agency of the States. But if the General Govern-
ment have no such authority, it is equally clear
that this whole proceeding is wrong, whether it
appoints the States agents or the Federal officers.
1 therefore rest my opposition to the bill upon the
ground thus briefly stated.
I shall yield the floor in a moment, and then the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] can either
move to lay my motion upon the table, or he may
discuss it, or any other gentleman may take the
floor. My opposition to the bill rests upon this
ground, but there may be other objections to it.
I should be glad to hear from the gentleman
from Illinois, i understand him to be a believer
in the doctrine that this is a Government of lim-
ited powers, and I have no doubt that he holds
that we must act under the Constitution according
to the power granted to the Government by it.
If the gentleman can show me that there is any-
thing m the Constitution which will authorize us
to take care of the lunatics in the States, either by
a donation out of the Treasury or in this mode, I
might vote for the bill. 1 do not think he can do
so, however. And yet the bill is so framed as to
make the States mere agents to enable the Federal
Government to violate the Constitution, to which
it owes us existence.
When I got up I did not intend to occupy more
time than might be necessary to indicate the
grounds of my opposition to the bill. Asa ques-
tion of expediency, I need not say that I regard
with favor a proposition so benevolent and chari-
table as this measure, and should be pleased to
see it carried into practice, if it could be constitu-
tionally done.
Mr. BISSELL. I will say but a word in re-
ply 
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to suggest that he move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, and then we
will pass the bill immediately?
Mr. BISSELL. I will, after saying a word.
[Cries of " No!" " No!"]
Mr. BISSELL. Very well, then; I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and the motion to recon-
sider was laid upon the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous; question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon the passage
of the bill I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 81, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Appleton, Rail, Tlank^, flolohor, Ben-
nett, licn«on, Benton, Bi^t'll, Bndgi's, Bugg, Carpenter,
Chandler, Chiaehwell, Clark,Cobb, Corwm, Co\, Crocker,
Culloin, Cutting, Tlmm.^ Driwxm, Dunbar, lid-
Thomas I). J',hot, Hlhaon, Kliieinitre, bailey, Fen-
ton, Florence, Grej, Aaron Harlan, Mairi.-on,.Haven, Ries-
ter, Howe, Hiifihe^, Hunt, Kerr, Knox, Kurt/,, Latham,
Lilly, I .lndley, LnuUlej, Lyon, ,Y1aimee, Mid(iie -wai th,
John G. Millei, rinnth Miller, Mordecai Oliver, Parker,
Peck, I'eckham. Pratt, Pnryear, David Ritchie, Rogers,
rtnife, Sapp, rioymonr, Skelion, Samuel A. Smith, William
R. Smith, Himui L. Sevens, Stratum, David Stuart,John
I-i. Ta\ U>r, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Thurston, Tracy, tJpham,
Vail, Walhndge, VTalley, KHiliu B. YVd>hbutue, Israel
Washburn, John Wuitwuith, Tuppan Weiiuvurth, Wheel-
er, and \ate<—SI.
NAY'S—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barkidale,
Barry, Bocotk, Bnjce, Ca-kie, Chn-uian, Chnyman, Col-
quitt, Cra'fje, Cutfn, John G. Davi^, Dean, Dent, fhuni,
Inbh, Fnlmundsoi!, Faulkner, Giddinj?-, Goode. Green-
wood, Glow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Hairis, Wiley P.
EFariis, Hasting, fiibiiaid, D.unel T. Jones, GYoiyo XV.
•Tone-?, J. GUney Join;?, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Kittiedge,
Letcher, Maed'-mahi, MeN.ur, Mavweli, Murray, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Robbins, liuffin, Sevvaid, Shannon,
Shower, Gernt Smith, George W Smyth, Richard H.
Stanton, John J. J'a>lor, Wade, and Witte—53.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BISSELL. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote just taken, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was first taken upon the motion
to adjourn; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion
offered by Mr. Bissell,
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the same; but they were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. S^GE, the House, at three
o'clock and thirty minutes, adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, ,'lpril 20, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
J. w. KELLY.
Mr. MORTON". Mr. President, early in the
session a memorial was presented from J. W.
Kelly, of Florida, asking remuneration for an
alleged violation of a contract entered into with
him by the Post Office Department for carrying
the mail from Bainbridge, Geoigia, to Appalachi-
cola. That memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. Subsequently a resolution was
adopted by the Senate, inquiring of the Post Office
Department if that contract had been annulled;
and if so, for what reasons. The response of the
Department was received yesterday, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Thus the memorial is in the possession
of the Committee on Claims, while the response
of the Department, giving information in regard to
the claim, is m possession of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. 1 move, there-
fore, that the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the further consideiation of the memorial of
J. W. Kelly, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, which,
I presume, is the appropriate committee to take
charge of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr, BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I beg leave
to present a memorial signed by citizens of Nor-
thumberland county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the homestead bill may be so amended before its
final passage, as to authorize the Treasurer of the
United States to refund to each and every former
purchaser of any portion of the public domain, not
exceeding a quarter section of land, the original
cost of that land with interest from the time of
purchase. They represent, in the first part of
their memorial, that many of our citizens have
toiled hard to get sufficient money to purchase one
hundred and sixty acres of land, and that we now
propose to give the same amount of land to other
citizens without demanding any payment. They
wish to have the bill so amended as to provide for
refunding the amount which has already been paid
by those who have purchased public lands. As
the subject is already before the Senate, 1 move
that the memorial lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. I present a number of petitions
from citizens of different States. I haweone peti-
tion from one hundred and ten citizens of Indiana;
another from one hundred and twenty-five citizens
of Indiana; another from one hundred and ten
citizens of Ohio; onefrom twelve citizens of Penn-
sylvania; one from eighty citizens of Massachu-
setts; another from forty-eisjht citizens of New
York; one from twenty-seven citizens of Missis-
sippi, and one from one hundred and one citizens
of Georgia. All these petitioners pray for the abo-
lition of, as they say, the unconstitutional office of
Chaplain to Congress, i do not know whether any
such petitions have been heretofore presented at
this session, or whether they have been referred
to any committee. I doubt whether any similar
ones have been presented at this session. I move,
therefore, that these petitions lie upon the table
foe the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of en-
gravers employed m the office of the Coast Survey,
praying to be allowed the benefits of the act of
31st August, 1852, granting a percentage to the
clerks and messengers in the several Executive
Departments at Washington; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, *
