IB 12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then theamend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is in order.
Mr. OrWIN. Was not that amendment per-
mitted to be made by unanimous consent ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated distinctly that the Senator from California
could not move more than one amendment at a
time. The pending question then was on his
motion to strike out "free of cost," and insert
" twenty-five cents, payable when the patent shall
have itoued." He could not move any other
amendment while that was pending. The ques-
tion now is on striking out of the fourth section the
word "contracted."
Mr. WALKER. I am one of those who be-
lieve that the word "contracted" should be stricken
out of the fourth* section of the bill; but I also
believe that the residue of the section ought to be
left, and for this reason: The remainder of the sec-
tion is necessary for the protection of the Govern-
ment of the United States. As it will read, if this
word be stricken out, the section will simply pro-
vide that all the lands settled upon under the bill
shall not be sold prior to the issuing of the patent.
If you strike out the section, the States might exer-
cise the right of selling the lands before the issue
of the patent; and this Government, having itself
taken the initiative in regard to the primary dis-
posal of the soil, it would really be a question
whether* the State government might not sell it.
But ae the section stands, with the word " con-
tracted" in it, it might be, if Congress could act
in the manner proposed, that the lands would for-
ever be exempt from sale under execution. But
it is necessary that the remainder of the section
should be left for the protection of the Govern-
ment during the five years occupancy of the set-
tler. . , .
Mr. CLAY. I shall vote against the proposed
amendment to strike out the word " contracted,"
because I do not see that it is going to achieve the
objects assumed by the friends of the motion.
Suppose the word "contracted" be stricken out,
then the section will in effect be this: that no land
occupied under this act shall be subject to any
debt or debts until the patent has been obtained.
What will be the effect of that ? I say it will be
to divest the States of the right of taxing these
lands, because, if the land cannot be sold for
any debt until the patent issues, of course it will
be in the power of the occupant to avoid all sale
of the land, to avoid all liability for contribution,
in the way of taxes, towards the support of the
State Government, by simply abstaining from
asking or receiving a patent. I cannot vote for
any provision of this kind. It is said that it is
protecting the rights of the Federal Government.
I do not think that such will be the effect of the
amendment; but it will be to protect the settler in
the enjoyment of the land with a perfect immu-
nity from all debts to individuals or to the States,
so far as the land is concerned.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, if I understand
it, the motion is to strike out the fourth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; the
first amendment is to strike out the word "con-
tracted" in that section.
Mr. PETTIT. At any rate the question ought
to be upon striking out the whole section. That
section reads as follows:
" That all lands acquired tinder the provisions of this act
shall in no event become liable to the satisfaction of any
debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing of the patent
therefor."
Let us read it now, leaving out the word " con-
tracted," which it is proposed to strike out, and
we shall find that it has little or no meaning.
Without that word it rea"3s thus:
it has parted with its title. The section, therefore,
ought not to remain at all.
Now, sir, a few words in reference to the ques-
tion that has been rajjseji. by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay,] and answered, I think, to
some extent, by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] relative to the power of taxation. There
is nodifficulty at all in th,e States taxing these lands
after they shall have gone into the individual posses-
sion of persons, and after improvements have been
made. I grant you that that tax will not settle
down as a mortgage or lien upon the lands so as
to expose them to sale, and divest the title of the
United States. But a tax upon their value, the
value of the interest of the occupant, may be
assessed and levied, and it will be charged against
him on the assessment books. If he does not
pay it voluntarily, any personal property which
he has upon the premises or elsewhere, may be
distrained, and may be exposed to sale to pay the
taxes assessed upon this realty, this possessory
right which he has, whatever the local Legislature
may see fit to estimate it at. I say, therefore,
there is no trouble about collecting taxes on this
kind of property by the States, so long as any per-
sonal property of the owner or occupant can be
found. 1 repeat, that I grant the State or Terri-
tory in which it may lie cannot seize upon the
title and sell it, and divest the General Govern-
ment of it; but the tax may be collected in the
manner I have suggested.
But, sir, not to have the appearance of attempt-
ing to control the manner of disposing of the
realty within their jurisdiction, I am in favor of
striking out this whole section. The amendment
to the amendment will leave it awkwardly worded
—that the parties shall not " become liable to the
satisfaction of any debt or debts prior te the issuing
of the patent." Itshall not be so sold prior, to be
sure; it could not be.t^pld so as to pass the title.
That is certain. The possession might be changed
by the local Legislature probably, possibly at any
rate; but to make the question a clear one, let us
keep up the distinction between the powers of
this Government, and the rights and powers of
the States and territorial governments. No ques-
tion does exist,in my mind, that as a local matter,
this Government cannot entail real estate to per-
sons after they have passed the title. When the
title has once passed, it is wholly subject to the
disposition of the local laws, anu there ought to
be no section in reference to it whateyer. The
question of taxation, as I have said, is clear enough
if any personal property can be found upon which
to levy. I think that the section ought to be
stricken out. When that shall have been done,
there is a substantial amendment which I shall
propose to the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the word " contracted.'
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. PETTIT. I shall vote against striking
out that word, with the view of voting to strike
out the whole section, when that shall have been
'defeated.
The yeas and nays were taken; with the fol-
lowing result:
YEAS —Messrs. Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Chase, Dawson, Dixon, Douglas, Evans, Foot, Gillette,
Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Mallory, Pratt, Rockwell, Sebas-
tian, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Touccy, Wade, Walk-
er, and Weller—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Atchison, Clay, Dodge of Iowa,
Fitzpatnek, Geycr, Ilamhn, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Norrts, Pettit, Rusk, and Shields—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to strike out the fourth sec-
tion.
" That all lands acquired under the proviMonsoftlnsact
shall in no event become liable to ihe satisfaction of any
debt or debts prior to the issuing of the patent therefor."
The whole section ought to be stricken out for
this reason: After the patent issues, the property
becomes individual, and has passed from the Gov-
ernment—this Government cannot longer control ,
its disposition. It mustbe left to the Statesalone jj reference to this question.
is perfectly obvious that no person, except the
beneficiary, can acquire the interest, because the
interest of the beneficiary himself can hardly rank
as even an inchoate title. It may rev®rt> under
the circumstances indicated in the bill, to the
Government. The sale for debt or taxes can
effect nothing as against the Government. The
Government will take no title as against the bene-
ficiary; and the consequence is, if you strike out
this section, you strike out a vital principle of the
bill. Itconfersnothingupon the beneficiary which
the Government has not a clear right to confer.
The land remains, until the issue of a patent,
against all the world, except as against the bene-
ficiary, the land of the Government. If it so re-
mains the land of the Government, clearly the
Government may vest its title, until the issuance
of the patent, in such a party as it may see fit. I
hope the section wilt not be stricken out. I re-
gard it as one vital to the bill.
Mr. President, I wish to say another thing. It
will not escape observation that when I moved an
amendment to the bill, simply to strike #ut a ills-
crimination between two classes of foreigners, it
was rejected; and many Senators voted against it
upon the avowed ground that it was not desirable
to make any amendments to the bill. I appreci-
ated fully the force of that'objection to my amend-
ment, and I acquiesced in the vote by which the
Senate decided against it. But, then, immediately
after the Senate had rejected an amendment moved
by a friend of the bill, it incorporated into the bill
a number of amendments moved by its avowed
opponents, which have had no other effi&t than
to weaken and jeopard it. This amendmentcomes
from an avowed, and honorable, and manly op-
ponent of the bill. It comes trom the Senator
from Pennsylvania. 1 hope the friends of the bill
at least will retrace the policy, upon which, in
my humble judgment, they entered unadvisedly,
and will now agree to vote down every amend-
ment, unless it be such as is absolutely necessary
to make the bill perfectly unexceptionable in view
of the Constitution.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to take any
part in this discussion. I shall vote against the
whole bill; and, therefore, it is fair that I shall
make this remark. But the Senator from Ohio
has touched upon what I regard one of the vital
principles of the bill. I am opposed to this tenure
by bounty. It is a new tenure. I may designate
it a tenure by bounty upon the public lands within
one of the sovereign States. Any one who set-
tles upon the public lands, under such a tenure,
has not a responsibility to the State in which he
lives, equal to the responsibility of other citizens.
You make him a federal tenant—a tenant, I again
repeat, not owning the lands by money advanced
for them, not for a consideration which makes
him responsible as a citizen of the State, and sub-
jecting him and his property to the sovereign do-
minion in which he resides; but a tenant by the
bounty of the Federal Government, exempting
him from the liabilities of other citizens. I would
strike it out; and I say, so far as regards the States
in which such lands exist, it is going very far to
impose upon them such a class of citizens.
Mr. PETTIT. I am a friend of this bill. Of
that no Senator can doubt. But I am not willing
to pass a law that shall be totally inoperative, nor
to burlesque law-making by passing provisions
: which can have no vitality or existence, can pro-
j duce no good result," ate only fraught with evil
consequences, and must necessarily produce liti-
gation wherever they are sought to be enforced.
; Now, sir, this provision of the bill seeks to ex-
i empt lands from debts existing prior to the issu-
ing, or the "issuance," as the bill says, of the
1 patent. That, I hold, is an utter impossibility for
this Government to do. The State governments,
to determine. The lex loci rti site—a question
which we have examined m another form in this
body—clearly and unquestionably governs. The
laws of the State will determine how property
may be seized and exposed to sale by execution,
for what debts it may be liable, through what
courts and under what adjudication it must go,
and this Government can no longer control itafter
and the State governments alone, after this Gov-
,, ernment has passed the title, have the only power
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays upon |j to determine the means by which it shall be ex-
* j emplified or authenticated; and that applies with
I no greater force to the fee simple itself than to the
I possessory right. Your States can determine who
! shall possess property, which is held individually,
| as well as they.can determine who owns the fee
i simple. They may give the writ of ejectment to
I recover the possession. It is true5> at common
; law, the only thing triable in such actions, was the
i right to immediate possession, and in this country
j it is vested entirely in the States. Therefore,you
1 would do what would be a nullity, an idle mock-
1 it; and they were ordered.
S Mr. CHASE. I desire to say a few words in
The Senator from
Pennsylvania says that this is a bankrupt law.
It is quite the contrary. The whole effect of thfl
section, as it stands, is simply to exempt the
homestead from liability for debt'until the patent
shall vest the title. After the title shall have
been vested by the patent, it will be liable for
debts precisely as any other property of the party
will be. Now, until the title shall so vest, it
