1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
tion provides that the party, in order to be entitled
to a patent,
e< Shall prove, by two credible witnesses, that he, she,
or thf y have continued to reside upon and cultivate said
land, and still reside upon the same, and have not alienated
the same or any part thereof."
Here is a bounty for perjury. I should like to
know where two credible witnesses could be pro-
duced to prove this negative, that the party had
not alienated the land. I ask some of the friends
of the bill to answer that question. I propose to
strike out those words, " have not alienated the
same or any part thereof" and insert:
Provided, That on proof that the same, or any par
thereof had been alienated prior to the i?-sue of the patent,
the grant and patent shall be null and void.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 15, noes
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
mendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall apply
to any of the public lands lying northwest ot the Ohio
river, and which were ceded to the United States by the
Coinmonwealth of Virginia, pursuant to the act of thai
Commonwealth, of the 30th of October, 1783, accepted by
Congress March 1st, 1784, the same being, by the Virginia
acts and d^ed of cession aforesaid, considered as a common
fund for the use and benefit of such of the United States as
have become members of the Confederation or Federal al-
liance of said States, Virginia inclusive, according to their
usual respective proportions in the general charge and ex
penditures, and to be faithfully and bona fide disposed of
for that purpose, and for no other uses or purposes what-
ever ; and the sixth article of the Conftitution of the United
States, providing that all debts contracted and engagements
entered into before the adoption of this Constitution, shall
be as valid ngaum the United States under this Constitu-
tion, as under the Confederation. ]
If this bill pass, it will certainly introduce a j
new policy, on the part of this Government, with I
reference to a portion of the public property. !
The honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. j
Cass,] when contesting the policy of this bill, j
with other bills of general interest that were i
pending before Congress, said he considered it j
the great measure of the session,and I agree with
him. It is the great measure of the session.
Mr. CLAYTON. And of the age.
Mr. MASON. It is the great measure of the
age, to make it more ample, because it asserts
a right on the part of this Government, two-
fold in its character: firnt to give away the public
property without consideration; arid secondly, to
select the class to whom it shall be given—to give
away the public property that it holds under the
Constitution, and to select the class to whom they
shall give it, because they are to give it only to
those who will reside upon and cultivate it.
Now, Mr. President, jf that is to be the policy
of the Government in reference to the public prop-
erty, I can see no reason, and 1 apprehend no
Senator can assign a reason, why it shall be lim-
ited to the public lands; why they cannot, for the
same reasons, go into the public Treasury, and
take out the coin and give it to one class of the
community to the exclusion of others; why they
may not go into the public Treasury and take the
public money, and say we will give it to the pau-
pers, to enable them to maintain themselves with-
out labor; or to the manufacturers, to enable them j
the better to carry on their manufactures? It
asserts a power in the Government, I submit with
all possible respect to those who differ from me,
to exercise an unlawful control over the public
property. I agree, then, with the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, it is the great measure of the
session,and probably of the age. Itisagrarian—
agrarian in its strongest aspect. The whole of the
States are tributary to this policy. The great
body of the public lands are those which were
purchased and paid for out of the Treasury. They
became public property, and this bill asserts a
right to take that public property, not for the pub-
lic use, but to give it away.
Sir, I can see no warrant in the Constitution j
for it; but if it is the purpose of the Senate thus
to use the public property, I respectfully submit ,
to them, oft the part of the State which I have the \
honor to represent here, that they shall regard the
compact made with that State, at least in relation
to so much of this property as was derived from
it. That which was called Northwestern Ter-
ritory, and out of which have been carved five
States of the Confederacy, is bound by that com-
pact. I have recited the terms of the compact in
the amendment; because, if it be the pleasure of
the Senate to reject it, I want it to go on the
record, that my State and my people may know
how far this Federal' Government regards a com-
pact made with one of its members; how far this
Federal Government will regard a compact made
with one of the States, when it is in pursuit of
a policy which I well know the people of that
State will deprecate. Sir, what is the compact?
The States, under the articles of Confederation,
were urgently requeued by the Federal Govern-
ment of that day, tty;*#iake a cession of all their
public lands for public purposes, upon fair and
legitimate grounds, upon the grounds that these
lands, having been acquired by the common blood
and treasure of the colonies of Great Britain,
should not be exclusively applied to those States.
Virginia made a very large cession; she made it
upon conditions. Those conditions are upon your
statute-book; and the Constitution under which
we now legislate, and which we are all sworn to
support, imposes upon this Congress to regard the
engagements entered into by the Confederation.
1 have recited that in the amendment. Sir, the
compact was this: Virginia passed a law, in pur-
suance of the recommendation of the old Congress,
authorizing her Representatives in Congress, by
deed, to convey this domain to the United States,
but upon this condition, among others: After re-
serving: a portion of it in order to pay the bounties
stipulated to be paid to her officers and soldiery,
it says:
" It shall be considered as a common fund for the use and
benefit of such of the United Slates as have become, or
shall become, members of the Confederation or Federal
Alliance of such States, Virginia inclusive, according to
their usual respective proportions in the general charge and
expenditure, and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed
of for that purpose, and for no other use or purpose what-
soever."
The Representatives x)f Virginia, thus author-
ized, did convey the land, and m the deed of con-
veyance itself recited that it was made to and for
the uses and purposes, and on the conditions, re-
cited m the act. That act was signed and sealed
in the presence of the old Congress, and by a res-
olution of Congress accepted; and they made
themselves parties to it in all its stipulations and
provisions. One of the conditions of the cession
was, that only three States should be carved out of
this territory; and as evidence that Congress con-
sidered itself bound by the stipulations and con-
ditions, it afterwards) by resolution, requested the
State of Virginia to relax that portion of her pol-
icy, and to enlarge the condition, so as to permit
live States to be made. Virginia did it, and that
was the only one of the conditions contained in
the cession which was relaxed or modified on the
part of Virginia."
I submit, then, it is binding upon the Congress
of the United Stales, under the present Constitu-
tion, because, as recited in theamendment, by the
sixth article of the Constitution all contracts and
engagements entered into by the Government
under the Confederation are assumed to be binding
upon this Government. Now, sir, I do not see,
if a compact is to be regarded; if the Congress of
the United States is not to set an example to its own
people, and to the world, of violating a solemn
compact entered into upon good consideration at
the time it was done; how we can avoid making
the amendment to the bill. Why, sir, what is
the stipulation? 1 do not believe, far-seeing and
sagacious as our ancestors were, that they ever
contemplated a day when Congress would assume
to give away the public property; and whether
they did or not, the bill upon your table comes
strictly within its purview. What, then, is the
condition ? The condition is, that these lands shall
be treated as a common fund, and that the States
then in the Union, and those that thereafter should
come into the Union, should have the benefit of
that fund. How? In proportion to their com-
mon charge in the general expenditure. At that
day this general expenditure, under the Articles of
Confederation, was apportioned among the States,
and the States provided for it; and this was the
fund to be for the relief of those States propor-
tionate to its common charge in general expendi-
ture. Now, the power of taxation is given; a
revenue is collected from the people of the States
in lieu of the apportionment of this common
charge; and under the terms of that deed of ces-
sion, mutatis mutandis it accommodates itself per-
fectly in reference to the present condition of
things and the taxing power, because if you treat
this as a fund) bring it into the Treasury as a part
of the common funds it will then go exactly in
proportion for the relief of States for their com-
mon charge in support of the Confederacy.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know whether
this bill is to pass into a law or not. If it does
pass, I, as a representative of the State of Vir-
ginia, ask in her name that the land ceded by her
shall be exempted from its operation. .1 ask it
under the terms of the conditions upon which the
land was ceded; I ask it as a right upon the part
of one of the States of the Union, that a compact
made with her shall not be violated, but shall be
regarded; and if it be the pleasure of the Govern-
ment to enter into this policy of treating the pub-
lic property no longer as a trust, but as a subject
confided to their arbitrary discretion, to be given
away either to classes or to the people in numero9
let this property, which is exempted by the terms
of the cession from any such disposition, be ex-
empt from it.
Mr. FISH. Before the Senator from Virginia
takes his seat, I should like to ask him whether
the amendment he proposes is confined,*tb the fu-
ture disposition or restriction upon the lands ceded
by Virginia alone, or whether it extends to the
other States who have likewise ceded land to the
Government ?
Mr. MASON. It is confined to Virginia.
Mr. FISH. I would likewise like to ask the
Senator whether the deeds of cession executed
between the Government and the other States did
not contain similar restrictions as to the disposi-
tion of the lands ?
Mr. MASON. The deeds of cession made by
the various States contained various provisions.
I think the one made by the State of Connecticut
reserved the fee-simple and sold the land after-
wards. The deed of cession between New York
and the General Government may have contained
the same provisions as that of Virginia. I think
the terms of it were for the common benefit of all
the States, or some equivalent expression. I con-
fined my amendment to the State of Virginia,
because I thought it incumbent upon me to bring
the attention.of Congress to this compact made
with her in reference to the lands, so far as she
ceded them.
Mr. FISH. It would be utterly impracticable
to put into operation the prohibition of this amend-
ment, should it be enacted, as it is impossible at
this day to tell what lands were ceded by Virginia,
and what were not ceded by her. The claim of
Virginia at that time was very extensive in its ter-
ritorial limit; but it was very doubtful as to the
larger portion of what was claimed. Other States,
my own among the number, claimed title also to
what was then known as the Northwestern Ter-
ritory. The State of New York, foremost among
the old States, executed a deed of cession con-
taining a provision in terms similar to that which
the Senator from Virginia has stated, and in effect
that which the State of Virginia afterwards at-
tached to its deed of cession. A committee of
Congress, some time in the year 1781 or 1782, on
the cession of the Northwestern Territory, had
referred to it the claims of the several States. The
State of New York, the State of Connecticut, and
I think the State of Massachusetts, attended by
their representatives before that committee, and
submitted to it their claims. The State of Vir-
ginia refused to submit her title to the land, or
give the nature or extent of her claim; and in her
deed of cession she made it one of the conditions
that the General Government should guarantee to
the State all the lands claimed by her, and not
embraced within the deeds of cession. That com-
! mittee, in the absence or in the refusal on the part
' of the representatives from Virginia to submit her
title, reported upon the title of the other States,
and, among others, reported that the State of New
York had the prior and best title to the territory
lying out of her own proposed limits, north of the
Ohio and south of the forty-fifth degree of paral-
lel; and in reference to Virginia, also reported dis-
tinctly, and recommended the refusal to accept the
grant proposed by the State of Virginia, on the
ground that that State asked Congrpss to guaran-
tee her land to which she had no title.
I do not desire at this time to enter into any
discussion on that question. My object was
merely to interpose a claim for New York to
which she is fairly entitled, of having been the
first to tender and execute a cession of lands, the
title to which at that time was recognized by the
