246
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 24,
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would respectfully ask the
Chair what the state of the question is?
The SPEAKER. There is no question pend-
ing except that made by the gentleman from Ohio
himself, to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. A motion was made
by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton]
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAItER. That is the first question.
The question was then taken, and there appear-
ing, upon a division—ayes G7, noes GO—
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, called for the yeas and
nays thereon.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are de-
manded.
Mr. LANE. I withdraw the call.
Mr. SOLLERS. I renew the call.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the Chair state
the precise question before the House?
The SPEAKER. A joint resolution, which
will be read by the ClerK, was reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] moved
to reconsider that vote. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table, and upon that motion
the yeas and nays are called for.
The Clerk then again read the resolution.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I understand, then,
that we are to vote whether the motion to recon-
sider the motion by which the joint resolution was
referred shall be laid upon the table or not.
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask a question, for the information of myself and
the House. If the mution to reconsider be laid
upon the table does the bill still remain with the
Committee of the Whole 011 the State of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 100, nays 78;.as follows: ,
VEAS—Messrs. James 0. Allen, Willis Allen, Rarks-
dale, Helchcr, Uocock, Bovce, Bridge!*, Oaskic, Chamber-
lain, Cliurcliwell, Clark, Cobb, Colquitt, Curtis, Cutting,
John G. Davit;, Thomas Davi^, Dean, Dowdell, Drum,
Dunbar, Dunham, JOaxtman, Fdirciton, Ellif-oii, English,
Fenton, Florence, Gamble, Giddinsjs, Green, Grow, Hamil-
ton, Andrew J. llailau, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley 1\ Har-
ris, Hendricks, Hetm, llilibard. Hillyer, Houston,
George W.Jones, Koland Jones, Keitt, Kulvvell, Kittredjje,
Kurtz, Lane, JLetcher, Lilly, Jdndsley, MacdonaUl, Mc-
Nair, McQ.uu<m. Mace, Maurice, Maxwell, Mayail, Mill-
son, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, I'eck,
Peckham, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell,
Pratt, Riddle, Thomas Ritehey, Jtobbuis, Ruttin, Pewwrd,
Shannon, Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Bnodgrass, Ilestor f,. Stevens, Stratton, Sttaub,
Andrew SluarT, John J. Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Walker, Waltdi, Warren, Wdk, John Wentworth, West-
brook, Darnel 1 . Wright, and Ilendriek IJ. Wiichl—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Aliercrombie, Aiken, Ball, Brinks, Ben-
son, Benton, Bissell, Brooks, Campbell, Caipenter, Ca-
ruthers, Chandler. Chnsman, Clubman, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cummins?, Dawson, Dick, Dickin-
son, Eddy. Kdmands, Etlieridae, fiveihart, Fai ley, Flagler,
Franklin, Goodrich, Gieenwood, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
Haven, J/tester, Hill, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoll. Kerr, Knox,
Lrndlcy, McCullough, Matlesou,Meaeham,Middlesvvartb,
John G. Miller, Morgan, Notion, Motdocai Oliver, Pai kcr,
Pennington, Pmyear, Ready, R«'t\sc, Russell, Rabin, Sage,
Sapp,Simmons, William R. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, David Stuart, John L. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tiaey, Tiout, Upham, Wallev, Elhlm B.
Washburne, Tappan Wentwoith, Wheeler, Witte, Yates,
and ZoNicoffer—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported "A bill for the relief of
the heirsof AnthonyG. Willis, deceased;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, le-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and I
ordered to be printed. jl
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee have the kindness to withdraw the mo-
tion till 1 make a report from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BENTON. 1 am instructed, by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to introduce a bill for
the relief of John S. Jones and William Ii. Rus-
sell, surviving partners of Brown, Russell & Co.
I desire to say that I agree with every word
said hej*e the other day by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] against hasty legislation.
Ordinarily, it is proper that every biil should be
subjected to the forms which experience has pre-
scribed to prevent errors and mistakes. There are,
however, exceptions to this rule, and I think this
bill is one of them. It is a bill which authorizes
the Secretary of War to audit and settle a claim
arising in the Quartermaster's Department, and
it orders not a shilling to be paid, but fixes a limit
beyond which he is not to go. The bill has been
unanimously reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. It has been considered by General
Jesup, the Quartermaster General, who is the
head of this Department of the Government, and
a report in the same case was made by the Senate
committee at the last session. Under these cir-
stances, if gentlemen do not think it necessary to
submit the bill to the ordinary forms of legisla-
tion here, I would ask that it be put upon its pas-
sage; but if gentlemen think that it ought to go
through such forms, I will not ask for a departure
from rules which I hold to be so necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would ask if the
bill does not make an appropriation ?
The bill was then read through.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, this bill
must go to a Committee of the Whole House,
containing, as it does, an appropriation of money,
unless by unanimous consent the House suspend
that rule. Is it the pleasure of the House that
unanimous consent should be given ?
Mr. JONES. Let us adhere to the rule.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Mr. Machen, its Chief Clerk,
informing the House that the Senate had agreed
to the sixth amendment of the House to the bill
of the Senate No. 12, entitled " An act to regulate
the disbursement of the contingent fund of the
Senate and for other purposes," with an amend-
ment, and that they had disagreed to all the other
amendments to said bill. Also, that the Senate
had passed House bill No. 47, making appropri-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th June, 1855, with
sundry amendments, and asking the concurrence
of the House therein.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
owing titles:
" An act to provide for the payment of the print-
ing of the returns of the Seventh Census, and for
the paper purchased for said printing;"
S. No. 159. "An act to provide a place for hold-
ing the courts of the United States in the southern
district of New York, and for other purposes;"
And asking the concurrence of the House
therein.]
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in
the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, when last
in session, had under consideration the reference
of the President's message; and upon that ques-
tion the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Oliver]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, addressed the com-
mittee on that portion of the President's message
which relates to the raising of tonnage duties by
the Suites for purposes of internal improvement.
He said that when he first read this portion of the
message, he was at a loss to understand what in-
terpretation to place upon it, though he must con-
fess that he had his suspicions that it recom-
mended tonnage duties for harbor and river im-
provement. He contended that the measure rec-
ommended by the Executive, if adopted, would
work a fundamental change in the legislation of
this country; that it would overthrow the present
system, and erect upon its ruins this remarkable,
this extraordinary measure of tonnage duties.
Great God! what must have been the strange
infatuation that could have suggested to the Ex-
ecutive such a policy! What could be his apol-
ogy for suggesting the overthrow of the present
system, and substituting in its stead this newfan-
gled doctrine. [His speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. Oliver having concluded,—
Mr. MAXWELL obtained the floor, but yield-
ed, foi the purpose of explanation, to
Mr. KE1TT. Hesaid: I des:reonly to correcta
mistake of the member from Missouri, [Mr. Oli-
ver,] and to answer an inquiry which he has
propounded. When I submitted my views to the
committee a few days ago on that portion of the
President's message which relates to tonnage du-
ties, I had not read either the letter or the speech
of the distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Judge
Douglas.] Since then I have hastily read both;,
and I now offer my tribute to the large statesman-
ship and patiiotic sagacity contained in both.
The member asks me if I repudiate Mr. Cal-
houn. Sir, this is a strange question to ask me
now, while the State is still convulsively sobbing
over his grave. South Carolina, sir, upheld, and
with unfaltering devotion sustained, Mr. Calhoun
while alive; and his death has only sanctified him
in her affections. We bowed to his splendid in-
tellect, and to his stainless honor; and he richly
deserved our homage and support. South Caro-
lina paid to him, sir, the tribute of a confiding but
an intelligent and discriminating constituency; not
the tribute which the mountebank extorts from
the populace—yes, sir, ours was the tribute of
men.
Sir, South Carolina supported Mr. Calhoun,
with unfaltering consistency from his earliest en-
trance into politics. Like some splendid planet
fashioned by the hand of Almighty God, and
floating by a natural law into its appropriate
orbit, Mr. Calhoun at early manhood floated into
his appointed sphere, constellated around the
Constitution. Mr. Calhoun was the first, I believe,
sir, who announced and advocated the doctiine of
tonnage duties for works t of internal improve-
ment. We differed from him—and it was
almost the only difference in his long life—in that
portion of his report on the Memphis resolutions
m which he invoked the aid of the Federal Gov-
ernment for improvements in the Mississippi
valley. But though we differed from him in that,
the State never abated one jot or tittle of herlove*
reverence, and support of him. It was a differ-
ence alike honorable to the State and to Mr. Cal-
houn. Sir, as England's Queen said, when the
loss of Calais was reported to her, "If my heart
could be read, Calais would be seen written upon
it;" so, too, South Carolina would say, "if my
heart could belaid bare, written highest and bright-
est upon it would be seen the name of John C.
Calhoun."
Mr. MAXWELL resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee for an hour, in regard to his
views of the action of Congress concerning the
disposition of the public lands, and in relation to
grants for the construction of railroads. His
speech (withheld for revision) will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. ETHERIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Tennessee I move that the
committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole, according to order, had had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the reference of the President's message,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
A message was here received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Machen-, its Chief Clerk, inform-
ing the House that the Senate has passed an act,
(No. 26) for the relief of Ira Baldwin; an act,
(No. 50) for the relief of the legal representatives of
