1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MM
Committee of Congress, and of having had the
best title to the Northwestern Territory. If the
Senator wishes a vote upon his amendment now,
1 am inclined to think that I shall vote for it, if he
will so modify it as to embrace the land ceded by
the other States.
Mr. P&TTiT. Mr. President, the Senator
from Virginia asks and demands in the name of
the Commonwealth that he lepresents, that her
compact of cession of any interest which she
may have had in the western iands, stall not be
violated. I hardly need say to that Senator, or
the Senate generally, that I shall be the first to
hold up my hand against any such violation; that
I cannot, under any circumstances, be induced to
vote for a proposition which shall violate any of
the early compacts, as such, which were entered
into between the States and the General Govern-
ment; that if there were any State in the Union
which I could be induced to procure a violation of
such stipulations against, Virginia would be the
last; and I will not attempt, under any circum-
stances, to violate a compact which that ancient
and honorable Commonwealth has entered into.
The patriotism of Virginia, ancient and modern,
the chivalry of her sons, ancient and modern,
forbid that any such thing should be attempted.
But allow me, Mr. President, to say I think, if
the Senator holds that there is any danger of a
violation here, he is grossly mistaken. That no
such attempt is made here, nor wiil this bill vio-
late any such provision, is very clear to my mmd.
Sir, let me say to that Senator, that after his
State passed the law of 17&3, with the provision
in it that he read to the Senate, she made another,
a subsequent, u different compact with these States.
She ratified and confirmed the Constitution of the
United States, which, in so many words, if it con-
flicts—though I hold it does not conflict with it—
would abrogate this original compact, because it
expressly, in words, authorizes this GovUfciment
<( to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the Territory or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States." That was
a later and subsequent contract, a subsequent
agreement of the Confederation that this Govern-
ment should dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations concerning the land. First, while
we were a mere Confederation, under the articles,
she put in that provision. Then we were poor;
then we were weak; then we were contracting
debts, or had just contracted debts, to acquire an
independent, national existence; but after that was
over, when the gloom of the Revolution had dis-
appeared, and the bright effulgence of the political
noonday sun was shining upon us, she came for-
ward and said, we should have unlimited puwer
to dispose of the lands ceded by her, as well as by
others. Does Virginia propose to repudiate that
latter contract, or will she admit that the latter
one supersedes her former enactment, her former
stipulations? Sir, the latter contract does super-
sede the former, if there were a conflict; but I hold
there is no conflict.
Mr. President, the Senator says that this is an
agrarian measure.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask the Senator
whether the Government would not be constitu-
tionally bound by the compact with the State of
Georgia? That State ceded the land out of which
has been formed the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi with like conditions. Now, how can the
constitutional question apply to the subsequent
contract made with the State of Georgia?
Mr. PETTIT. Very well, when that comes
properly in my way, 1 will attend to it. I rose to
reply briefly to a few remarks of the Senator from
Virginia, and that question is not before the Sen-
ate. The Senatoi from Virginia says that this is
an agrarian measure. Well, sir, if this measure,
which holds out inducements to the citizens of the
United States to acquire the realty, the ownership
of the soil, to identify themselves with the soil of
the country, tends to agrananism, then I should
go for the measure which would consummate it
entirely, and would be the perfection or pattern of
agrananism. I only would to God I had the
power—for I would not hesitate to exercise it if 1
had it—to compel every American citizen to own
a piece of the soil of the country. By so doing I
need not say to you I should give her a defense and
strength which she could not have under other
circumstances.
Give the man an interest in the soil, let his chil-
dren know that they shall own it, and he may
well bid defiance from all invasion abroad, and
turmoil and revolution at home. I would carry it
to the full extent of agrarianism, if in my power.
1 repeat, i would compel men to own soil whether
they lived upon it or not.
Sir, it is a common saying, it is cant, I may
properly observe, to talk of agrarianism and of
the Gracchi—those lovers of their race who de-
sired that men should become rural occupants of
the country, if to desire that men should be
possessors of the soil, coupling patriotism with
an interest, making them an ardent, enduring, and
available defense in time of need; if to desire that
men should have the means by which they could,
with little industry, draw from the soil itself the
necessary sustenance for them and their families
be agrananism, then I am an agrarian, and to the
fullest extent. But, sir, it is not. That term is
applied odiously, and as a term of derision and
contempt to those who would divide up the pres-
ent individual ownership of soil among persons
who have it not, and cannot acquire it. Some
Senators here may have large possessions, more
than they can cultivate and dispose of'; and there
may be people who, per force of law, would di-
vide it out to those who had none to cultivate.
But that is not my feeling or desire. 1 sympa-
thize with no such movement.
Now, let me say to the Senator from Virginia,
that if he is desirous of maintaining the provis-
ions of the deed of cession, of the act of the Le-
gislature of Vnginia of 1783, I will go with him
to the fullest extent, if he will put in this provis-
ion as it ought to be. If, instead of saying that \
the bill shall not apply to the lands of Virginia, 1
he will put in what I propose, I will not object. ;
I will not go into the question of whether Vir-
ginia then, or m modern times, has arrogated a
little more than justice might always warrant her
in doing. 1 willnotgo into thequestion of whether
she arrogated to herself the ownership of ail the
lands, even to the western ocean. 1 will riot con-
test her right before this tribunal to the owner-
ship of all these lands. If, however, the Senator
will amend his amendment so as to make it read,
that this act of Virginia referring to it, and the
clauses of the Constitution, shall not be violated,
then 1 will go with him, and vote for the amend-
ment; but when he says that the bill shall not
apply to the territory northwest of the river Ohio,
I shall dispute the rightof Virgmianow, or at any
time, to put any such restrictions upon it. She
had no right to do so; she never pretended even !
to do it. j
Mr. MASON". The terms of the amendment ,
are, 41 the lands ceded by the State of Virginia."
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator amend it as
I have proposed, by saying, provided, that this
act of Virginia, this deed of cession, this com-
Sact, as he calls it, between Virginia and the
rnited States, shall not be violated? (f he does,
1 shall be with him, and then we shall see whether j
the courts, if it shall be necessary to resort to j
them, will determine that a grant of lands under j
this bill is a violation of it. Sir, it is no violation, '
and it never was; and there is not a court in the t
Senator's own State but would hold it idle to set 1
up such a pretense or claim. |
The Senator says he wants to maintain the ,
compact invioiate. Then let us reaffirm it. I ,
am ready now, and I hope all my successors here
may be ready, to affirm and reaffirm the engage- i
merits into which our ancestors entered. If Vir- \
ginia has reserved to herself a right that is invio-1
lable, we cannot change it, but we must give her ;
the full benefit of it. Let the amendment be so !
amended as to provide that this compact, this :
deed of cession, shall not be violated, and then, 1 J
say to the Senator, I will vote for it upon the yeas :
and nays; but as long as he shall persist in saying !
in his amendment that the act shall not apply to !
the territory northwest of the Ohio river ceded '
by Virginia, I cannot agree to it. That is making -
a new law. 1 am willing to confirm the old law; J
and if the Senator has any question about that, :
he will certainly accept, my proposition. >
Sir, I do not know that f desire to say anything !
further on this question. I earnestly ask the Sen- |
ator to put his amendment in the form I have !
suggested, so that it shall be an express reserva-
tion, so that it shall not violate any compact en-
tered into by Virginia and the confederated States.
Let the Senator so amend hia amendment,
Mr. MASON. • I prefer to haveit in its present
form-. ' \   „ - .
Mr. PETTIT. 3ge will not amend ifc. Then
I move an amendment to this, effect, to mak§.it
read: '
Provided, That no compact entered into betweenitfce
State of Virginia upon the one part, and the Umted-S.tates
u[)on the other part, by deed of cession ai d acceptance,
shall be violated. - • - • 1 -
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have l>ut a few
words to say upon this point, and then I shall
leave the subject. That there was a disputed
question as to the rights of the States under the
Confederation to extend their charters indefinitely
westward to the Pacific ocean, is a historical fact
which we all know. It was a question which
almost divided this Confederation, The States
not possessed of any such claim contended, and I
think very rightly, that this whole country be-
longed to the King of England, and that, as it had'
been conquered from him by the common blood
and treasure of the United States, it belonged to
this Union. But the States of New York, Con-
necticut, and Virginia, who contended that their
charters ran indefinitely westward, said "it is ours,
and we will have it." Fora long while that ques-
tion threatened the dissolution of the Confederacy.
Some of the best resolutions ever passed and
drafted, on that subject, were by the Legislature
of Maryland, and they serve to show the excited
feelings which prevailed at that moment.
Now, with respect to the claim of Virginia, the
Senator from Indiana calls on the Senator from
Virginia to show where it was. No man can
show where it was, nor is it settled, nor can it be
settled; for the moment you attempt to settle it,
you interfere with the claims of Connecticut, and
with the other States who contended that they
went indefinitely westward upon their parallels of
latitude, to the Pacific ocean. Therefore, the
cessions made were all made indefinitely. None
were designated by fixed boundaries, and you
cannot now point out the cessions.
Well, sir, it was maintained at first on this floor,
and is yet by some gentlemen, though 1 perceive
the honorable gentleman from Virginia does not
now maintain it, that the clause in the deed of
cession, that the lands ceded should beforthe
common benefit of the States, meant the C6T(imon
benefit of the States respectively and individually,
and that, therefore, the lands should be distributed
to them. I do not mean to go into that question;
but to my mind, nothing is clearer than that the
common benefit there meant was the common
benefit of the confederated States, and not the
common benefit of the individual States. If the
cession was for the common benefit of the Con-
federation, it is a question for us to determine
what is the common benefit in the application of
the land ? I believe it is for the common benefit
of this Confederacy that the land should be settled,
and that by providing for its settlement we vio-
late no claim of Virginia at all.
1 hold in my hand, Mr. President, three acts of
Congress, approved by General Washington,
carrying into effect this very principle of granting
the public lands gratuitously to actual settlers; so
that when the honorable Senator from Virginia
says that our ancestors never dreamt of such a
provision, I show him that our ancestors first set
the precedent, and established the principle. The
first to which i refer is an act approved March
3, 1791, "granting lands to the inhabitants and
settlers at Vincennes, and the Illinois country, in
the territory northwest of the Ohio, and for con-
firming them is their possession." I have no
doubt that there are many other similar acts, but
I have had my attention called to these three
within the last ten months. This act grants to
settlers in Vincennes, who are heads of families,
four hnndred acres of land, if they lived there
before 1783, and then it further provides:
"That the heads of families at Vincennes, or in the Illi-
nois country, in the year 1783, who afterwards removed
without the limits ofthe said Territory, are, notwithstand-
ing entitled to the donation of four hundred acres of land
made by thi  resolve of Congress of the 29th of August,
17W8 ; and the Governor of the said territory, upon applica-
tion to him lor that purpose, is hereby directed to cause the
same to be laid out."
It contains a further provision:
" That the Governor of the said Territory be authorized
to make a grant of land, not exceeding one hundred acres,
to cach person who hath not obtained any donation of land
from the United States, and vejho, on the 1st day of August,
1790, was enrolled m the rnuiua at Vincennes, or in tbo
Illinois country, and has done nulitia duty."
