1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
On the 2ist of April, 1792, another act was
passed and approved by the President, entitled
" An act authorizing the grant and conveyance of
certain lands to the Ohio Company of Associates."
It will be recollected that this company purchased
a large tract of land. They did not pay for the
whole, or receive a patent for the whole* but they
received a patent for what they did pay for; and
besides that, they had included in their patent one
hundred thousand acres for the express purpose
of granting it to every real settler above the age of
twenty^one years. Here is the provision:
" That the President be, and he hereby is, further author-
ized and empowered, by letters patent as aforesaid, to
grant and convey to the said Rufus Putnam, Manaaseh Cut-
ler, Robert Oliver, and Griffin Green,"
Who were the agents and directors of the com-
pany, to my personal knowledge,
il asd to their heirs and assigns,in fee-simple, in trust for the
usses above expressed, a further quantity of one hundred
thousand acres of land: Provided always, nevertheless,
That the said grant of one hundred thousand acres shall be
made on the express condition of becoming void for such 1
part thereof as the said company shall not have, within five
years from the passing of this act, conveyed in fee sim-
ple, as a bounty, and free of expense, in tract4? of one hun-
dred acres, to each male person not less than eighteen years
of age, being an actual settler at the time of such convey-
ance.,J
This act was approved April 91, 1792. No
principle can be more fully established than is this
principle by that act. General Washington knew
all about this compact, and so did the men asso-
ciated with him.
Mr. WALKER. And he was a Virginian.
Mr. CASS. Besides that, there is another act,
and I have no doubt that there are half a dozen
such, in the book which I have before me, contain-
ing the land laws. 1 have scarcely had time to look
into it; but here I find this provision for the relief
of the settlers at Galliopolis, passed in 1795:,
That the President of the United Htates shall be, and
lie is hereby, authorized and «:nipmyph'i! tn cause to !k sur-
veyed, laid off, and divided, the remaining twenty thou-
sand acres ol land, residue or Hie twenty-tour thousand
acres, into an many lot:; or purl- as the actual settlers! of
tjalhopohs shall, on the ascertainment aforesaid, amount
to, and the same to he designated, marked, and numbered
•1 !i a plat thereof, lo tie icturned lo the Secretary oftlte vud
Territory, together with a eeitifieate 01 the courses of the
smd lots ; the said lots, or parts of the aforesaid tract, to be
aligned to the settlers aloresaid by lot. And the President
of the (Jnited States 13 hereby authorized and empowered
to issue letters patent, as aforesaid, to the said actual set-
tlers, and their lieiis, for the said twenty thousand acres,
to be held by them 111 severalty, in lots, to be designated
and descnhed by their munbeis 011 the plat aforesaid, with
condition, in the same letters patent, that, if one or more of
the said grantees, his or lier heirs or assigns, shall not,
within live years from the date of the same letters, make, or
cause an it procure to lie made, an actual settlement on the
lot or lots ai>-n;ned tn lum, hei, or them, and the same con-
tinue for live years thcrealter, ihat then the said letteis
patent, so far as concerns the said lot or lots not setlled
and continued to he settled as aforesaid, shall cease and
determine, and the title thereof shall revert in the United
Htates, in the same mannei as if this law hail not passed."
Now, Mr. r resident, nothing can lie clearer
than that. My belief, as a member of the United
States Senate, in, that tins measure will inciease
the prosperity of the country in which the United
Statesara interested. 1 believe it. is for the public,
benefit, for the benefit of Virginia as well as the
rest of us.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has re-
peated mi opinion of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, as I understand, to wit: that this is
dars legislation. Here is an act applying to every
citizen of the tJnited States. Hut, says the hon-
orable gentleman, they will not all take advantage
of it. To be sure they will not, but does that
make it a class) measure1 You may say the same
thing .if the wale of the public lands. You may
say that is a class measure, because all will not
buy. So of voting:; it may he said it is a class
measure, because all the people will riot vote.
My idea is, that that is a class measure which
the law confines to a purncular class of persons.
That is not a class measure winch extends to all,
and may be embraced by ali, though all do not
intend to take advantage of it. It is liable to no
such reproach.
But (he honorable Senator says it is agrarian.
As I said yesterday, that is a reproach which lias
been handed down to us from early times; but I
believe that now, since the restarches of Niebuhr,
Roman history has been pretty well redeemed
from it. ft is no agrarian law. It is a provision
for the settlement of a world, a vast tract of land
which we retain in a state of nature, which, in my
opinion, we have no moral right to retain forever,
or almost indefinitely, in a state of nature. We
hold it upon the condition pointed out in the words
of Scripture, that it shall be replenished and sub-
dued. Our only excuse, the only excuse for civ-
ilized nations for going to an undiscovered region,
and taking possession of a country roamed over
by savages, is to carry into effect this very injunc-
tion that the world was given to produce, and that
he who prevents its produce ought to be allowed
to have no certain property in it; and yet we, for
the sake of this paltry profit, are to hold our lands
out of cultivation for centuries ! I do not think it
proper, and I hope the Senate will concur with me 1
: m this opinion. I
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, without going ;
into the general question of this bill, I shall en- j
| deavor to put the Senator from Michigan right j
in one very important part of the history of these I
cessions, which he has not given very accurately. !
It is very true that it was contended by the State
of Maryland, and other States in the United States
: who did not hold land, that all the unappropri-
' ated lands in the United States, havir.g belonged
1 to the Crown of Great Britain, ought to inure to
the benefit of the Confederacy. That doctrine
wa3 steadily and uniformly denied, and the Con-
federation asserted no right over those lands,
i She could not have done it at any moment. She
1 never did it. It is true, Maryland remained out
j of the Confederacy until 1781, during the war,
i because she would not acknowledge that those
1 lands which were to be won from the British
1 Crown by the common arms of all, should not
1 inure to the general benefit of the General Gov-
1 ernment", but I say that doctrine was repudiated
I by the Confederacy.
The doctrine of Maryland was not, as stated
| by the Senator from Michigan, that the title was
! uncertain. She did not proceed upon the idea
, that the rights of the States claiming land did not
extend to the Pacific ocean, but upon the idea that
; inasmuch as those lands had belonged to ihe
' Crown of Great Britain, the Confederation should
I succeed to the rights of the Crown; and this claim
applied as well to lands within the settled, defined,
and undisputed limits of the States, as to those
where the claims and rights of the States conflict-
ed and clashed. There was no conflict in Georgia.
Prom the Atlantic ocean to the Mississippi river,
her claims to land extended; and Maryland con-
tended that she had a share in the lands there as
well as anywhere else. It is true that m theNorth-
I west Territory, New York and Connecticut, as
j well as Virginia, laid claim to it; but that was not
I the ground upon which Maryland and the other
opponents of the separate ownership of the sev-
j eral States put their objection to it. The teiritory
i was not ceded upon that ground. But the other
ground to which Maryland adhered with great
tenacity, was, that as the lands were wrested by
! the common arms from the Sovereign of Great
Britain, they ought to mure to the common benefit
1 of those who won them. This argument was
urged with a great deal of apparent justice, and
real justice too. They said that as they had fought
to disposses the British Crown to those lands, they
were therefore entitled to participate in them, as
| well as the States within whose legal limits they
' existed.
Hence, the idea of the Senator from Michigan
on that subject is wholly erroneous. As my col-
i league [Mr. Dawson] remarked, the cession of j
the State of Georgia is clearly and indisputably |
in force. It was made after the Constitution; j
, and the cessions made before the formation of ;
the Constitution was recognized by that instru-
ment, Georgia ceded to the General Govern- >
ment her lands upon certain terms and condi- I
tions. It If? altogether a mistake, on the part of
the Senator from Indiana, to suppose that the j
Constitution, as a subsequent contract, overruled i
and altered the compacts by which the States '
ceded their lands to the Geneial Government. 1
' The Constitution could not have done it even if :
there had been no express clause upon the subject, j
but there is an express clause affirming'the valid- j
ity of every compact made by the Confederation, i
I am, therefore, much astonished that the Sena- ;
tor from Indiana, who ia usually very accurate j
on these subjects, should present the view which ;
he has done. I say that, under the power "to make '
all needful rules and regulations," Congress would
be compelled, even without the clause of the Con-
stitution affirming the validity of the contracts of
the Confederation to administer the land accord-
ing to the terms on which they received it from
the original holders.
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. PETTIT. I did not answer the Senator a
colleague fully, in reference to the question which
heput to me, and I do not know that I am entirely
competent to do so; but I will make this remark
to him, and to the Senator on the floor who has
yielded it to me: Georgia, in ceding her lands to
the United States, subsequent to the Constitution
of the United States, which expressly, in so many
words, authorized Congress " to dispose of " the '
public lands, could not make a compact or an
agreement in violation of it. Congress could not
accept a donation, or surrender of title that would
violate the Constitution,or on any condition, or
any terms, in violation or contravention of the Con-
stitution itself. The Constitution was over us all,
over Georgia as well as the other States; and it
expressly provided that Congress might "dispose
of" the public lands, and, therefore, if there is any
seeming discrepancy between them, the one must
give way to the paramount law.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman will find him-
self in a much greater difficulty now than he was
before. As to the cessions before the Constitu-
tion, the Constitution is express that the new Gov-
ernment took all the burdens and contracts of the
old one; and, therefore, I suppose the gentleman
would not attempt to reply to the argument on that
point. It is unanswerable. The Constitution
expressly confirmed all the existing engagements
of the Government at the time; and, therefore, it
is not necessary to say anything on that point.
But the gentleman's idea in respect to the ces-
■ sions subsequent to the Constitution, is somewhat
noveLand equally untenable. According to his
doctrine, this Government can go on and make
contracts with the States, or any other Govern-
ments, against the Constitution of the United
States, and hold the fund derived from those con-
tracts discharged from the obligations of the trust
imposed on it. That is the position in which he
puts this Government by his argument. Suppose
this Government makes a contract, undertakes to
carry out certain conditions, to do certain things,
to exercise a trust, which she has not a right to do.
My idea is that she cannot receive it at all. The
gentleman's idea is that she can receive the fund,
but is discharged from the conditions; that she
takes the fund absolutely because she had no right
to make the bargain ! The case is this: He makes
a contract by which he undertakes a trust, but he
says, " I cannot undertake this trust, because I
have no authority, and, therefore, I will take the
fund discharged from the trust!" That is the
gentleman's position. It leaves no room for argu-
ment. It is unnecessary to refute such an idea,
and hence I say the whole doctrine urged as to the
lands ceded by the States as unanswered and un-
answerable.
Sir, 1 do not attach to this measure the import-
ance that many gentlemen do. I do not think with
some that it is a great measure for this age or any
other age. I do not believe, either, that as much
good or as much evil will result from it as some
i imagine. I do not think it a wise thing; I regard
! it in the main as a very foolish thing; but I have
not attached much importance to it. It is not a
new proposition at all. But there would be much
less difficulty in the argument of the Senator from
Michigan if we had unlimited and uncontrolled
powers; if, in other words, this Government was
absolute, unchecked, and uncontrolled, and had
the lands untrammelled by any conditions what-
ever; but that is not the case. In the first place,
Congress must exercise all its powers, in con-
formity with the authority under which it acts;
and in the second place, the conditions contained
in the trusts under which the lands were obtained
are not discharged by the Constitution, nor can
they be discharged in any other way than by the
performance of the trust itself. That is the whole
difficulty.
The Senator from Michigan contends that this
measure is for the common benefit of the United
States. How can that be ? The deeds of cession
of Virginia and of Georgia state that the land
ceded should be for the benefit of all the States in
a certain proportion, in proportion to the general
charge on each State for the support of the Gov-
