-248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
jurors, and members of the bar, of the county of
Washington, in the State of New York, in favor
of the same object, which I ask may have the same
reference.
The above petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVERETT. J am requested to present a
memorial of theMassachusettsHistorical Society,
praying that an appropriation may be made to
defray the expenses of procuring from the archives
of the British Government, especially from the
State Paper Office, copies of all documents, rec-
ords, and correspondence pertaining to the early
history of the Colonies and of the United States. I
move its reference to the Committee on the Library.
It was so referred.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the petition of H. H. Maddox, praying compen-
sation for services in taking the Seventh Census
in the State of Kentucky; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BADGEft presented a memorial of citizens
of the city of Wilmington, in the State of North
Carolina, praying Congress to make tin appropn-
ation for removing certain obstructions at the
mouth of Cape Pear river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. F present the petition
of Dr. J. C. Walker, the President of the Fort
Madison and Bloomfield Railroad Company, and
of four hundred other citizens of the State of Iowa,
asking for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of the Fort Madison and Bloomfield railroad; and
they also request that, if along any part of the
route of the said railroad there should be no public
lands, Congress should grant a like portion of
lands as is prayed for, as an equivalent therefor,
in some part of the public domain in said State.
1 ask that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of certain
legal voters of the counties of Ontario and Seneca,
in the State of New York, praying Congl-ess to
take such measures as will in.sure, m any future
treaties with foreign countries, the insertion of a
clause to submit international disputes to arbitra-
tion; which was leferred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a remonstrance of Francis O.Morse, on
behalf of himself and others, citizens of the
United States, engaged in the importation of lasts
from the British provinces, against the passage of
an act giving further remedies to patentees; winch
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rochester, State
of New York; a petition of Washington Gib-
bons and others; and a petition of citizens of De-
troit, State of Michigan, praying the construction
of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Francis Picard, adminis-
trator of Captain Pierre Ayott,of the Revolution,
praying lemuneration for losses by the confisca-
tion of property, and for advances of money for
the service of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Joseph Bindon, j
of the revolutionary army, praying commutation s
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. I
Also, the petition of Francis Picard, adminis- |
trator of Captain Pierre Ayott, and the petition of j
E^ra T. Marnny, grand-child of Captain Lewis j
Marnay, of the army of the Revolution, praying !
to be allowed commutation pay; which were re- j
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. !
Also, a petition of citizens of New York and 1
Brooklyn, and a petition of citizens of New York, :
praying that a contract may be entered into with j
Christian Hansen for the transportation of the j
United States mails between Brooklyn and certain j
ports of Europe; which were referred to the Com- :
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of inhabitants
of Shenandoah county, Virginia, praying Con- |
grpfis to establish a national garden for the culti- [
vafion. improvement, and sale of Irish potato i
seed,&c.; which was referred to the Committee!
on Agriculture. !
Mr. G-WlN presented the petition of Richard 1
Nosworthy, of England, praying remnnr-rnnnn
for the destruction of six cases of his merchandise
at the port of San Francisco, through the neglect
of the United States custom-house officers there;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of Dr.
William M. Ryer, praying compensation for vac-
cinating Indians in California under a contract
with the United States Indian agent; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Sophia
G. Dillingham, praying a pension on account of
the services of her father, Elisha Dillingham,
during the war of the Revolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented certain docu-
ments, signed by D. Cooper and J. Van Etten,
counsel for Alexander Ramsey, late Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs in Minnesota Territory,
being a review of the testimony taken on the in-
vestigation of the charges of fraud preferred
against him; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that the United
States Mint in that city may not be removed;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD submitted ccrtain documents
against the passage of a bill to secure the rights of
citizenship to children of citizens born out of the
limits of the United States; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
West Troy, New York, praying the enactment
of a law giving further remedies to patentees;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. JOHNSON presented, at the request of the
President of the Senate, as he stated, the petition
of William N. Couch and others, praying the
establishment of a tri-weekly mail between Kansas
and Platte city, Missouri; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 present the memorial of
Charles D. Ailroedson, asking compensation for
services as Chaigo d'Affaires ad interim at Stock-
holm. At a former session of Congress one half of
the compensation due to him for such services was
appropriated and was paid to him. Only one half
was allowed, because it was supposed the fees
which he received as Consul at Stockholm would,
together with the sum appropriated, be sufficient
to compensate him. It now appears that the whole -
amount of fees that he received was but eighty-
nine dollars. As those services were performed
during the time that I was in the Department of
State, I think it my duty to add my testimony to
that of my successor in office, and express the
opinion that tins gentleman is entitled to the com-
pensation due to a Charge d'Affaires for the time
during which he served in that capacity. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
XiEPOR-T FROM STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to
authorize the State of Illinois to select the residue
of the lands to which she is entitled under the act
of ?2d of March, 1827, granting land to aid that
State in opening a canal to connect the waters of
the Illinois ri\erwith those of Lake Michigan,
reported it back with an amendment.
NOTICES OF Bir.LS.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the law re-
lating to preemptions upon the public lands.
_"Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to continue
the improvement at the Des Moines and the Rock
River Rapids m the Mississippi.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
RepiesentfUives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill granting the
franking privilege to the Superintendent of the
Coa«t Survey, and the assistant in charge of the
office of the said Coast Survey.
PRINTING OF REPORT.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that an' extra number
of the report of the Committee on Finance on the
b>!I to provide for the surrender of retain bond*
of the State of Indiana held by the United States,
be printed. I suppose the motion goes to the
Committee on Printing.
The motion was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of William
Beatty be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and, to-
gether with additional documents relating tbeieto, referied
to the Commiitee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Schna Sumner, praying
that compensation may be made to her husband, who u
now an inmate ofa lunatic asylum, for importantdiscov-eries
in navigation, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referied to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Robert S. Patterson and
others, praying an act of incorporation for a company to
construct a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue, in Wash-
ington city, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of C. B. Cluskey be with-
drawn front the files of the Senate, and referied to the
Committee on Claims.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. BELL. I rise to make an inquiry of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce. That
committee for several sessions past have thought
it expedient to make no report on the numerous
memorials and resolutions referred to them in ref-
erence to the improvement of rivers and harbors,
upon the ground, as it has been supposed, that
they thought it the better plan for tne Senate to
await the proceedings of the House upon that sub-
ject, and to take up a bill for that purpose when
it should be sent here by the House. The con-
sequence has been, that the river and harbor bill
has never made its appearance here until a very
late period of the session; and when that happens
to be the long session of Congress, the summer is
usually more than half spent before the appropria-
tions for these great objects are made, and con-
sequently, during the year of the long session, theie
can be no expenditure, and no continuation of the
works in progress. For this reason these works
become in some degree dilapidated before the of-
ficers of the Government can proceed in the execu-
tion of their duty . This habit has been so inces-
sant now, that it has become a very plausible
argument against the whole system; and it is con-
tended that it is pursued in such an irregular man-
ner as not to be worth much. The works are
suspended every two years, although the appro-
priations may be made by Congress every other
year; and this has been a fruitful cause for com-
plaint.
The inquiry which I wish to make of the hon-
orable chairman is, whether it is the intention of
■ that committee to pursue the same course at the
! present session ? If so, m my opinion it is tanta-
I mount to making no appropriation whatever. But,
sir, I cannot disguise it from myself and from the
Senate that it may be possible that the action of
the Senate's committee, or of the Seriate, upon the
subject, will be no remedy for the evils of which I
complain; but if we proceed actively to report a
bill in reasonable time, and send it to the House,
we shall have discharged our duty, and the re-
sponsibility for the passage of that bill at some
day, which will permit these works to proceed, will
not rest upon us but upon the House of Repre-
sentatives. If we pursue this course, and the
House shall pass the bill in reasonable time, the
results which have been so much complained of
will be obviated. If an opposite course be pur-
sued, the million and a half of dollars spent last
year will haye been partially lost for the want of
a consecutive application of the funds to the reg-
ular progress of the works.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think it has
been the uniform practiceof the Senate, or at least
of the Senate Committee on Commerce, to await
a .bill from the House to make appropriations for
the improvement of harbors, rivers, and lakes.
I am not aware that that piactice has ever been
departed from. If it has been, the case is not
within my knowledge, nor am I aware that the
Committee on Commerce propose to depart from
the ordinary course at the present time. I sup-
pose it is within the province of the Senate com-
!i mittee to report an appropriation bill, without
!' awaiting* for one from the House. I suppose it is
II equally within the province of the Committee on
