1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Finance to report appropriation bills for the sup-
port of the various departments of Government;
but such lias not been the practice of that com-
mittee, and such has not been the practice of the
Committee on Commerce. I do not myself know
of any good reason which would apply to the one
case which does not apply to the other.
There are some of the great leading objects of
improvement, such as the Mississippi river, the
mouth of the Mississippi, upon which the Com-
mittee on Commerce have reported, and now con-
template reporting several bills. It has always
been my opinion—and my action in the commit-
tee has corresponded with that opinion—that
each of these appropriations should be in a sepa-
rate bill, making it depend upon its own merits
for its success, and not to force those improve-
ments which are really national and meritorious
to carry those which are not of that character. I
have, however, always found myself in a minor-
ity on that committee in that proposition.
I have then been in favor of reporting; one bill
for the continuance of the appropriations for old
works, leaving1 the new works for a separate bill.
Upon that proposition I have also found myself
in a minority.
I can say, then, in answer to the question pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
that i do not know that it is the understanditavof
the Committee on Commerce to take any omev
course than that which has usually been pur-
sued.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to be allowed to add in
connection with the subject, that I think there is
a great deal of force in the suggestion made by my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] I think my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, must have seen the inconvenience which
results from awaiting all these bills to come from
the House of Representatives. As we have the
unquestionable right to originate such a bill as has
been referred to, why should we not originate it,
more particularly when it is so highly important
to the public interest that the bill should be passed
at an early day, and when the state of business in
this House is such as materially to accommodate
its passage?
But however the case may be in regard to these j!
appropriations generally, I wish to take this op- j|
portunity of calling the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce to a petition which i j
1 presented, and which was referred to his com-*j
mittee, praying for an appropriation for the pur- j'
pose of removing obstructions in the mouth of i
Cape Fear river, 111 .North Carolina. The eontin- j
uance of those obstructions is one of the greatest S
outrages that now exists in this country; and if the !
committee refuse to report a general biii, I beg of j
them to take into consideration the propriety of i
reporting a special bill for that object. It ought !
to be done. !
Mr. SEWARD. Mr, President, I wish to say j
that my position on the Committee on Commerce i
has been in favor of introducing a bill into the |
Senate, and bringing the subject thoroughly to the j
consideration of the Senate; but 1 have to say that, i
if honorable Senators expect their views to be j
understood by the committee, it will be necessary \
for them to take some form, either by waiting- on j
the committee or in writing, to let those views be ,
known to us. I shall be very happy to receive i
any communication of that kind from any St.na- j
tor m regard to any matter of internal improve- j
ment. 1 have thought it proper to make this 1
explanation in addition to what has been said by 1
the* honorable Senators from Tennessee and North
Carolina.
Here the conversation dropped.
INVALID PEXSIOX BILL.
Mr. HUXTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to v. Inch was referred th^ b.k from the
House of Repiesentatives for the payment of in-
valid and other pensioners of the Limed States,
for the year ending" June 30, 1855, reported the
same back, with an amendment.
On motion by Mr. liTTT^TKR, the senate, as
in Committee rtf the Whole, proceeded to consider
tho lull.
The amendment of the committee was to strike
the foilowin'r rhnso out of the bill:
«■ Foi p.'twn-i- of invalid- who who wound-M^ bojiu!
pviA niPH-'i *•<"!'• (Sunns ill*1 K'M w^nil hmt t>r tt-
5UU,£2^UU; anJ the oJiieu lor pav uig privateer penaionria
in Boston is hereby abolished, pluI the said pensioners .-hall
he paid/as pnvaa-er pensioners are paid at oilmr places."
The amendment wasagieed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, ordered to be read
a Uiird time, was read a third time, and passed,
y TROOPS ON THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives " for the relief of
the United States troops, sufferers by the disaster
to the steamer San Francisco," reported the same
back with amendments, and asked for its present
consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill.
The first amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the following words, in the first
section-1—
"That theie shall bo paid, under the direction of the
Presfidunt, to each ot the officers, ljon-commi-^ioiied offi-
cer*, imiMciauj-, and pnvates, who were, on the 21st day of
Deeeiiibia, emSiarked t\t New York, under orders for
(Jahiorma, on the steamship Sail Francisco, and who were
on boaid that vessel on the occasion oflier iccent disaster
at sea"—
the words:
and to Lieutenant Francis Key Murray, and an}' other
olhce.ror bcaniau of the United States Navy who was on
board said bluaii^lnp under orders,
So that there shall be paid to each his pay and
allowances for four months.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the first section the following !
proviso: ,
Provided, That the amount of pay and allowances ad- ;
vaneed to the oiheers and men by the iiufhoiily ol the Pry*- ,
uUmt, jmn-iou- to then* embarkation, sdiall be passed to tlu-ir
ercdit, and their receipts foi the same be canceled.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that it is the six
months' pay and rations, all of which they have
lust, for which the amendment proposes to give j
them credit. We desire to give them credit for 1
that pay and for those rations, and not to hold J
them responsible or chargeable for them. I believe j
the House oiiginally intended to make this pro- !
vision, but it was left out perhaps by mistake. '
There is another amendment.
The next amendment of the committee was to !
add to the end of the second section, which is in .
these words: j
"That if any such ollieor, non-commissioned officer, ,
musician, oi piivato, shall have died before receiving such j
payment from auv cnu<*o consequent npon >-aid di^Kter, .
his widow, if one" survive him, and if not, then his minor
childien, if any there be, shall be paid a >um equal m ■
amount to six months' allowance oi the deceased j" ;
! the words: i
and that the widows and minor clulth^n of those ofiicei*, ,
i non-eoirmn^ioned officer^ and privaie-t who pennied by ,
' fins dialer, or died from in coH.se/pu-neo tliciexjt, !
i shall nenilowed pensions in the same iimmnn in all respects
i as. if the said otficeis, non-commissioned ofneer?, and pri-
1 vatrs had been killed m battle.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nonius !
in the chair.) If there be no objection, the ques- i
I tion will betaken on ail iheamendmentsto^etiier.
I There was no objection, and the amendments
; were agreed to.
i ■ Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I desire to offer
S an amendment to the bill, by way of an additional
! section, which, however, has not the sanction of
j the majority of the Committee Oil Military Affairs.
Before doin^ so, however, I take occasion to say
! that the sympathies of each member of thut rnm-
1 mittee we're as strongly in favorof the proposition
which 1 submit as mine were. The only difierence
between us was, as to whether it would not '1
! opening too wide a door for future claims. The
5 majority of the committee thought it would, and
1 influenced by that consideration, refused to rec-
! ommeiid to the Senate the adoption of irie amtnd-
l mcnt. I differ from them upon the subject, and
! therefore submit the following amendment:
Sr.c. 3. J-bid 7 ? if fmfher cmcteJ. Tnnt the Record
!' Auih'or of the Troa-uiv he, ai'd 'no heichy. authon/.ed
! at.ri direcied to ascertain the amount of the lo^-. >u.?-
tamed b\ the olheeis, (.eomnn^-ioued and non-eomnn-
®ioned.) novates, and seamen u1 the vieo 01 tl.i? Lulled
■' v\ ho wfrc on ixiani of the Sen JY«hciVo at the
1 tune of the late disaster to that ve.-^el; au<\ that he pay tne
ainount of the lo.^es thus a^eeiumn-iU out of any other
1, numejs m the TiGR&ury not otheiw^e appropnated.
1 I am anxious thot the amendment should lie
adopted, \f the maio'O'.ty of the Senate concur wiih^
me/ It does seem to my mind thr.t the justice of
it cannot be questioned for a single moment: and
the ma£unmmiLy of it, bun sure, will he conceded
i! by every one.
It is particularly hard upon the privates when,
as soldiers, after serving their country for years,
they have accumulated something from their hard
earnings, they are sent to San Francisco, and in
obeying the order of the Government, by no fault
of their own, by no indiscretion oo their part, for
they are compelled to obey, misfortune overtakes
them, and their property ia ioat.
Now, 1 submit to every Senator, whether sim-
ple, even-handed justice does not require that loss
to be made up to such men. *
I have heard of several cases of peculiar hard-
ship, and I will state one to the Senate, ft is the
case of one whose name I will not give, but who
is said to be a most reputable and deserving young1
man, and who is, I believe, a sergeant in the Army.
After struggling for years, he had saved and accu-
mulated from his earnings eight hundred or a
thousand dollars; his Governmenttordered him to
San Francisco; he took the iittie pittance which he
had saved from those hard earnings, and started
to obey that order, and while on his way the
amount was swept from him, and he is now turned
back upon the world without a solitary dollar
with which to begin the conflict of life. Is there
a Senator here who can find it in his heart to vote
against paying that money to that individual? I
feel perfectfy sure there is not. But then the ma-
jority of the committee say that they would will-
ingly provide for such a case if it should come
before us on its own individual merits. They did
not, however, wish to report a general amend-
ment, which, in their opinion, would open too
wide a door for future claims.
1 have no doubt it will be passedj and you, Mr.
President, know, and every Senator knows, that
we shall have to pay this after a while, and we
had better pay it now, in the beginning, because
my experience here is that' these things lose
nothing in amount by lapse of time. A claim is
preferred to-day; it is postponed from year to
year; it begins at one hundred dollars, and in ten
years amounts to one 'thousand dollars. And I ,
have yet to learn that, in the end, any claim which
had the semblancc of justice was not successful.
I believe it will be wise economy; I believe it will
be a clear and undoubted saving in the end for us
to settle this question aright now, in the begin-
ning, when the facts are before us, and when tes-
timony can be obtained without any difficulty. I
say, sir, that by pursuing such a course we shall
save a large amount of money.
But, Mr. President, 1 suppose we are not to be
less just than our predecessors havebeen. When
Fort Delaware was destroyed by fire the Con-
gress of the United States was called upon to in-
demnify the officers and soldiers for their losses
sustained by that disaster. What was then the
action of the Government? Be it said to its honor, .
magnanimity> and justice, that, without hesitation,
Congress vo'ted to refund to each one every dollar
which he had lost. I cannot for my life see any
reason why we should now depart from this rule.
I am not very much in the habit of regarding pre-
cedents as always obligatory, but when they are
good \ must say that there can be no objection to
1 following them*. Such a provision was deemed
| just and equitable then. If it were just and equit-
! ab\e at that time, it is equally so now, and per-
1 hapg it is more necessary in this case than in that.
: Butallowmg the two cases to stand on equal ground,
! \ appeal to every Senator to say whethci it is not
; fair and just that a Government like ours, possess-
ing the means, with an overflowing Treasury,
' which wants depletion—the great difficulty being,
: as we are told, to oet money out of the Treasury—
j should make up the loss sustained by those men,
1 who, while in the service of the Government, and
i obeying its orders, were overtaken by this caSam-
ity.
Mr. .TOtlMSON. ! hope that the amendment
will not be agreed to. Before voting npon it, I
wish merely to state to the Senate that it was con-
sidered at some leneth by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, on the proposition of the honorable
Senator who now submits it to the consideration
of the Senate, and was rejected. It was rejected
upon several grounds. I shall Slot undeitake to
state positively what considerations governed the
minds of the other gentlemen upon the con,mittee
who were opposed to it. 1 presume they will state
them to the Senate; but, so far us 1 was concerned,
the grounds upon which I opposed it were these:
I thought, in the first place, that it would open a
