zm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 96,
very wide door for future claims upon the Treas- |
ury, and would lead to expenditures to which we j
could fix no limit whatever. I consider that those ,
who carried with them their private property upon j
this occasion—property not absolutely necessary |
to themselves in the discharge of their duties; and
it is impossible to define what was absolutely ne-
cessary beyond their everyday clothing, and the
arms and equipments necessary to their service,
under the impression that they were going to stay
in California for a great while, or even with the
expectation of coming back—did it at their own
responsibility, and the Government cannot become
an insurer for them.
There is no limit that you can put upon the de-
scription of losses such as those which would be
embraced by the amendment. Under it almost
anything may be brought in. The officers and
men can open their accounts against the Govern-
ment upon every description of articles, if they
open upon any; and as to the equipments, the
most of them are furnished by the Government,
and consequently can be no loss to them.
If it is intended so to load this bill, which is
designed to be a benefit to the sufferers, as to de-
stroy the bill itself, and thus fail to give the four
months'pay which is provided for, and fail even to
remit the six months' pay advanced by the Govern-
ment, as the Senate has agreed to do in one of its
amendments, and that, too, by an amendment of
so indefinite a character as that which is proposed
by the Senator from Tennessee, adopt the amend-
ment, and I think we shall have aehieved very
effectually that object.
The amendment was voted down in the com-
mittee. I say nothing of the strictness that may
exist in regard to all approaches to the Treasury,
either in this or in the other branch of Congress;
but, sir, if you open the door here by the adoption
of this amendment, you will lose the bill itself.
Let us be content with doing a little good. We
cannot do all that the philanthropy and kindness
of every gentleman would prompt him to do, and
if we did there would soon be no Treasury what-
ever.
The reasons which I have thus given are those
which induced me to vote against the amendment
in commitlee, and which lead me to oppose it here.
What were the reasons which influenced other
members I will not pretend to say. They can
state them for themselves.
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendments which I
submitted were those which the Committee on
Military Affairs agreed upon. As stated by my
honorable friend from Arkansas, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Tennessee was not
sustained by the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was before us, and was discussed to some ex-
tent. In the main I agree to that amendment. I
think the officers and soldiers who suffered losses
on board that vessel in consequence of the disas-
ter, ought to be reimbursed for those losses. I
think there was no difference of opinion in the
committee on that subject. It was only thought
a little premature, and perhaps unadvisable at this
time, to comply with this general mode of relief.
Another reason was that which was very forcibly
given by my friend from Arkansas.
I was rather in favor of the provision at the
commencement, but another reason influenced oiy
mind. It is reported—I do not know how truly—
that some of the officers of the command, who
were on hoard that vessel, were among the first to
embark in boats and leave the command on the
vessel. I hope it is not true. If it be true, I
do not know that I am at liberty at this time,
perhaps it would not be advisable, to give my
opinion upon it, but I will say this, it is a subject
of military inquiry, and I hope it will be con-
ducted as such; for I hold that a man who is
placed in charge of such a command, who is the
chief and leader of such a command, and who, in
a moment of danger and distress, such as occurred
to that vessel, abandons that command, is guilty
of as much, I will not say cowardice, but mis-
conduct, as if hedeserted them in the heat of battle,
and in some respects it is even worse.
I also hold, that in the embarkation of the troops
on the vessels which came to the rescue of the
wreck, it was wrong for the officers to be the first
to leave it. I hope that matter can be explained
by the condition of the officers; that they were
incapable, by sickness or wounds, to superintend
their commands. The privates should have been
first embarked, and the captain of the company
should have been the last man of the company on
board the boat that carried them off the wreck;
the regiment should have been first embarked, and
the colonel of that regiment the last to fly from
the wreck. " ^
One of the singular aspects of this case is, that
the first embarkation left the command destitute
of its commander, and the whole regimental staff,
commissary, quartermaster, medical officers, and
all, so that, if I am correctly informed, the soldiers
left behind knew not where to find provisions or
medical stores. I know some of these gentlemen
personally. I have had the honor to command
some of them in battle. The commander of the
regiment served under me at Tampico. I know
him personally; and I know, also, that some of the
officers who embarked in the boat which first
transferred the troops to the Kilby are as brave
as any in the service; but from wounds received,
and from sickness incurred by exposure on the
wreck, they were incapable of performing service.
My honorable friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] tells me that Lieutenant Murray, who is
now in the city—an officer whose gallant con-
duct during the whole of the disaster does credit
to him and to the service in which he is engaged—
explains this matter, and states that the officers
were on board the Kilby, not for the purpose of
remaining there, but for the purpose of returning
to their command on board the wreck; and during
the night the Kilby, as we all know by news-
paper information, was separated from the wreck.
However, this, as I remarked, will be the sub-
ject of military inquiry. I do not, therefore, wish
to prejudge it; on the contrary, I hope and trust,
for the honor of the American Army, for thehonor
of the service, and for the honor of the country,
that every officer who left that command will be
able to explain it to the satisfaction of the na-
tion.
The committee considered that it might be some-
what premature to provide for a general indemni-
fication of all the losses until we should ascertain
whether the men proposed to be indemnified had
discharged their duty faithfully on that perilous
occasion or not. For one, I go for paying every
dollar that was lost there by those men during the
disaster. I am in favor of reimbursing them every
dollar and every particle of property which was
lost; but I never will consent to pay a man for his
plate and his jewels, and his money, who left his
command in the hour of distress; and, until I am
fully satisfied on that point, I shall not vote for
the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a privileged question.
The hour for the consideration of the special
order of the day—the case of the honorable gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. PnELrs] who I see is
present—has arrived. I therefore move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until to-
morrow, for the purpose of taking up the special
order.
Mr. SHIELDS. If my honorable friend from
Tennessee insists upon his amendment, I suppose
the bill will have to go over. I would suggest to
him, however, that it will perhaps be better to
withdraw it.
Mr. DAWSON. I will suggest to my friend
from Tennessee, though in favor of ihe amend-
ment, that as it may lead to an embarrassment of
the bill, it had better be withdrawn, so that the
bill may pass to-day to give the relief which it
affords.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the circum-
stances I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the bill will be considered
and disposed of to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
postpone the bill has been entertained.
Mr. GWIN. I was going on to say that I
am in favor of the amendment, and an  ready to
vote for it now.
Several Senators. It is withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not desire to
embarrass the bill. I believe its principle is right,
and also that the principle of the amendment is
right; but as Senators think that the adoption of
the amendment may embarrass the bill, 1 with-
draw it.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope then the bill will be
reported to the Senate and passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make one or two
remarks in connection with what has been said
by the Senator from Illinois, so that they may go
out at the same time with his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
atorfrom Indiana withdraw his motion to postpone
to enable the Senator from South Carolina to pro-
Mr. PETTIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. I saw Lieutenant Murray at
his friend and relative's quarters this morning—1
refer to my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason]—
and I heard him converse very freely upon the
subject of the wreck. It is due, perhaps, to
Colonel Gates particularly, that I should now
make the remark that I put the interrogatory to
Lieutenant Murray how Colonel Gates came to
leave the San Francisco and go to the other ves-
sel ? His reply was, that he is a gentleman of over
seventy years of age, and it was not an easy mat-
ter, after going into the Kilby, to return; and very
few were young enough to do it. Lieutenant Mur-
ray did not attribute his course to anything like a
disposition to abandon the command.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am highly gratified to hear
that explanation.
The bill Was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendments were concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed; the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and was read a third time, and passed.
y VERMONT SENATORS HIP.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
reported on the 16th instant from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred, on the
4th instant, the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas, the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps was appointed
by his Excellency the Governor of Vermont, in the recess
of the Legislature of that State, to fill a vacancy in the
Senate of the United States, which liaii happened by the
death of the Hon. William Upham, a Senator whose term
of six years would have continued until the 4th of March,
1855; and
Wheieas, it is understood that since that temporarv ap-
pointment was made, the Legislature of Vermont has been
convened at its regular session, and has adjourned with-
out lining such vacancy: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
whether the Hon Samuel S. Phflps is entitled to retain
his seat in the Senate of the United States.
The resolution reported from the committee by
a majority, consistingof Mr. Pettit, Mr. Geyer,
and Mr. Williams, is in the following words:
Resolved, That the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps is entitled
to retain his seat in the Senate of the United States.
. A minority of the committee, consisting of Mr.
Butler and Mr. Bayard, dissent from the report
of the committee, and submit a minority report
expressive of their views.
The question before the Senate was stated to be
on the resolution l'eported from the committee.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, in moving to
make this subject the special order of the day, I
did not design by any means to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate at any considerable length in
its discussion; nor do I intend to do so now; but
having made the report, as the organ of the com-
mittee, they think it is incumbent on me to state
briefly the position which the committee occupy.
The facts in the case before the Senate are well
understood, and need not be recapitulated. In
coming to the conclusion that the Hon. Samuel S.
Phelps is entitled to retain his seat in the Senate
of the United States, the comrpittee have exam-
ined the Constitution and the precedents which
they think bear upon the question. The committee
conclude, in the first place, that the design of the
framers of the Constitution was that there should
be two Senators from each State in commission at
all times ready for the exigencies of the public
service. They came to that conclusion, first from
the plain, palpable declaration and language of
the Constitution itself, in these words:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, cliosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years, and each Senator shall have one
vote."
In addition to this provision we find that, in
order to avoid anything like a hiatus, or vacancy,
the framers of the Constitution provided two
means for the creation of the office of Senator.
Primarily, they vested the power in the Legisla-
ture, but, contingently, in the event that the Legis-
lature did not excise the authority, in the executive
of the State, in the person in whose hands the
executive authority might be vested for the time
being.
The Constitution has declared that the Senate
of the United States shall consist of two Senators
