1818
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
immigrants now coming into this country, who
are seeking a home.
Why, sir, look to the character of that immi-
gration. They are sent over here by contract,
embarking from Bremen, or some other part of the
continent of Europe, and to be landed by contract
somewhere in Minnesota or Ohio. They are sent
through with their tickets, treated like bales of
merchandise on the way, and are now dying in
large numbers in the railroad cars of cholera, with-
out any hand to give them even a drink of water.
And that is the class of people whom we are to
invite over to our shores, suddenly to be converted
into American citizens, by giving them a proprie-
tary right in the soil.
X have no feeling of unkindness whatever towards
the foreigner. I would pass no lav/ in the world
that would throw any dilftculties in the way of his
coming here. When they do come, I would admit
them under the laws of naturalization, as speedily
as their own good would prescribe* to ail the rights
of the American people. But to hold out a bounty
to them in advance, to bring them here by an
exodusy as it is now properly styled, depopulating
the old countries, and generally of the worst part
of their population, in order to populate ours, is a
policy which, 1 for one,confess th-at I more than
dislike. Be that, however, as it may, I ask the
Senate to give to the State of Virginia the benefit
ot the contract which she entered into with the
United States in 1784; and unless they do give her
that benefit, I want the State of Virginia to know
what sort of Government it is with which she is
associated, and how her rights are disposed of.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I think an ex-
amination of the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Virginia will show that there is
some very serious difficulty involved in the prop-
osition which he submits, and which he thinks
to be so simple and unembarrassed. 1 ask the
attention of the Senate to it. In that amendment
the Senator proposes to exempt from the opera-
tion of this pending bill all lands that were ceded
to the United States by the State of Virginia;
ceded under certain conditions, which he sets out
in the amendment extracted from the deed of
cession. Now, 1 desire to call attention to the lan-
guage of that cession:
l< To bo considered as a common fund, for the use and
benefit ot such of the United Slate* as have become, or
shall become, members of the Confederation or Federal
Alliance of the said States, Virginia incisive,"
How? As a common fund for the use and
benefit of those States, Virginia inclusive. How?
^'According to their usual respective proportions
in the general charge and expenditure, and to be
faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pur-
pose, and for no other use or purpose whatever."
Mr. President, it is undeniable that if any part of
that stipulation is binding upon the Government
now, each and every part of it is equally binding.
If the obligation to retain this as a common fund
for the benefit of all the States, Virginia included,
be obligatory upon the Government, it is equally
obligatory to observe the rule by which the equal
and common benefit is to be determined, which
forms a portion of the same contract; that is to
say, " according to their usual respective propor-
tions in the general charge and expenditure."
Now, what is meant by their respective propor-
tions in the general charge and expenditure?
Where will you find it under this Constitution
and this Government5 And to what did that
clause relate in the cession of Virginia? The
Senator from Virginia said he supposed it related
to a charge according to population.
Mr. MASON. I did not say that.
Mr. BADGER. I understood the Senator to
say that, but I will understand him not to have
said it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator, I am sure, does
not desire to ascribe to me what I did not say.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly not.
Mr. MASON. I said, that according to the Ar-
ticles of Confederation, the general charge among
all the States was apportioned among them, and
they were to raise the money required by that
charge,and pay it into the Federal Treasury; and
these conditions were in relief to the States, pro-
portionate to their charges.
Mr. BADGER. Precisely; but I understood
the Senator to say, in proportion to population.
That, however, is a matter of no importance.
This cession took place in 1783, and was accepted
in 1784. At that time these States were united
under Articles of Confederation, and the eighth
article gives us the key to, and the explanation
of, the languagejn that cession which has been
referred to. What is it? •
" All charges of war, and all other expenses that shall be
incurred for the common defence or general welfare, and
allowed by the United States in Congiess assembled, shall
be defrayed out of a common Trea&ury."
How was it to be supplied?
" Which shall be supplied by the several States, in pro-
portion to the value of all land within each State, granted
to or surveyed tor any person, as such land and the build-
ings and improvements thereon shall be estimated accord-
ing to such mode as the United States in Congress assem-
bled &hall, from time to time, direct and appoint."
Now, sir, according to the terms of the deed of
cession from the State of Virginia, the lands were
to be applied for the common and equal benefit of
the several States, according to the value of all
lands which were held by private proprietors,—
those lands which had been granted or suiveyed
with the view of being granted for individual own-
ers in each State. How was that value to be as-
certained. By the several States? No; but m
such manner as the United States in Congress as-
sembled should direct.
Sir, if that was the rule, as undeniably it was,
if this was the meaning of the condition or stipu-
lation contained in the deed of cession, as beyond
all question it was, I ask you how you can now
apply, according to that rule, the lands ceded by
ihe State of Virginia ? It has been said, it was
said by the honorable Senator from Virginia, in
my eye, [Mr. Buntkr,] that if you sell the lands
and put the money into the Treasury, and pay it
out in defraying the general expenses of the Gov-
ernment, you accomplish the purpose of the trust
declared by this deed of session. But is it not man-
ifest you do not?
At the time when our forefathers were united
together under this Confederation, they raised
supplier for general purposes—how? Not by
levying duties, for the Confederation had no power
to do it; not by direct taxation under the authority
of one General Government which filled the Treas-
ury from the people directly, irrespective of any
consideration regarding their connections with the
States, but by a rule established by the eighth of
the Articles of Confederation, that for all purposes
which the Congress might deem necessary for the
common defense and general welfare, the sums
deemed necessary should be collected in each
State according to the value of the lands in that
State which had private proprietors, that value to
be ascertained m a method to be directed by the
United States in Congress assembled. Now, I
pray you, sir, to observe and see whether it is not
clear, when the State of Virginia said : " for the
equal and common benefit of all the States, her-
self included," she did not mean that the lands
were to be sold, the money put into theTreasury,
and appropriated as Congress might think proper.
To say, " herself included," in such a case,
would be an absurdity. Suppose Virginia were
now in the possession of vast funds, and were to
present to the Government of the United States
$1G,OUO,OUO to go into the Treasury, to be ex-
pended in the ordinary disbursements of the Gov-
ernment, for building Uffht-houses, erecting custom-
houses, building fortifications, providing for the
support of an Army and Navy, and other purposes
within the power of this Government, would it
not be a pure absurdity to say " for the equal and
common benefit of all the States t herself included?"
How could she be excluded, if the meaning was
that Congress should apply the money just as
Congress might think proper, under the Consti-
tution, for the advancement of the common good,
accordng to the plan laid down by Congress, in
subordination to that instrument?
Therefore, sir, the very words upon their face
show that they meant something else. When we
recur to the A rticles of Confederation then in force,
then constituting the only rule by which the
States were charged in the Government, the thing
becomes as clear as daylight; and hence, if that
portion of the deed of cession from Virginia be
now m force and obligatory, according to its
terms upon the Government of the United States,
it is a violation of it to apply the proceeds of
these lands, or the lands themselves, in any other
way than among the several States, according to
the value of the granted or occupied lands of indi-
vidual proprietors, to be ascertained in such a
manner as an act of Congress shall provide. Vir-
ginia has, in this very cession, made this clear
beyond dispute.
And, Mr. President, we understand perfectly
well, from the nature of the organization that uni-
ted the States during that time, wherefore that
provision was made. The United States, iri Con-
gress assembled, wanted, a million of dollars.
They had no power to levy it on the citizens of
this country. They had no power to impose a
tax on the citizen of any State in the Confedera-
tion. Then what did they do ? Why, the sum
to be levied was apportioned between the differ-
ent States, according to the value of the landed
estate belonging to individual proprietors, ascer-
tained in such manner as Congress might pre-
scribe; and the subsequent part of the article,
which I did not read, directs that that portion
which fell to each State should be collected by the
State, and paid into the common Treasury. We
understand the language of the deed of cession of
the State of Virginia, when we refer to that state
of things, with clearness and certainty. It has a
definite and appropriate signification. It meant
this: that the United States, in Congress assem-
bled, should dispose of these lands, should app^r
them among the different States, in the first place,
by discharging such calls as the United States,
in Congress assembled, might have made, under
thatarticle, upon the several States for their contri-
bution towards thecommon Treasury; and I sub-
mit, as an irresistible corollary from that first
proposition, if there were no such demands to be
made, they should pay the money in the same
propoition to the States for whose benefit it had
been granted.
But be that as it may, sir, and however desir-
able it might be, or may be, in the judgment of
some Senators, or in my own judgment, to carry
out literally, and strictly, and according to the
ternfs, the conditions of that deed of cession, it is
manifest that it can no longer be done. What,
sir, would you have the Congress of the United
States pass an act now, sending forth assessors
and valuers through the whole extent of this con-
tinent, for the purpose of determining the value of
real estate held in private hands; and having ascer-
tained it, of what use would it be? We call for
no contributions. The States make no contribu-
tions to the Treasury now. There is no levy
made on the States now, as under the Confeder-
ation, for certain specific sums of money ascer-
tained by any rule. This Gov ernment collects its
revenue by laws applicable to the inhabitants,
reaching the individual, drawing money from the
several States, or rather from their citizens,accord-
ing to the amount of importations, or according to
the amount of consumption of imported articles,
and not at all according to the value of any estate,
real or personal, in those States. So that, if you
had the value of all the real property ascertained,
how would it guide you in disposing of the pro-
ceeds of the ceded lands ? It could not guide you
at all. You would have no charge made upon any
State to which to apply her share of what had
been produced by the sale of those lands, in order
to settle it, and give her a clear discharge from the
common Treasury; for there is no charge against
her.
Then what are you fo do with it? 1 admit,
you might take the proceeds and divide them
among the several States, according to the value
of the real estate in each State, so ascertained;
but I must say, I think the expenditure necessary
for making the ascertainment and valuation, would
absorb a great deal more than the proceeds of the
lands for many years to come.
Hence it is apparent, as I think, that the state
of things in regard to the connection between the
States—the state of things which bind us together
under our present constitutional Union—being so
altered from what it was under the Articles of Con-
federation, we must suppose our forefathers as a
set of reasonable, intelligent, practical men—as
they undoubtedly were—intended that a corres-
ponding change should take place in the manner of
disposing of the national domain. And, there-
fore, Mr. President, strange as it seems to the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] I think
there is nothing unreasonable, or inappropriate,
or inconsecutive in what was laid down by the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,]
that a state of things having arisen under this Con-
