960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
Mr. GREY. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion to aliow me one word ?
Mr. HARRIS. I think the gentleman has
already said enough upon this subject.3^"
Mr. GREY. I ask it as a matter of courtesy.
I will renew the motion.
Mr. HARRIS. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have yet?
The SPEAKER. Eleven minutes.
Mr. HARRIS. I am anxious to have this reso-
lution disposed of and passed. Unless it receives
immediate action, and is disposed of before the
25th of this month, it will be entirely useless to
the parties whom it is proposed to relieve.
Tne SPEAKER. TheChair would remind the
gentleman that discussion is not in order, as there
is a motion pending to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. GREY. I again ask the gentleman to
withdraw his oa.ll> to allow me to read a statement
from an official record of the Post Office Depart-
ment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama having1 made a demand for the previous
question, and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Sewud] having moved to lay the bill upon the
table, both the call and the motion must be with-
drawn before discussion will be in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not like to be discourteous;
but I do not feet at liberty to withdraw the de-
mand. I must insist upon it.
The question now being upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table,
Mr. SEWARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lilly and
Cox were appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and thetellers reported
—ayes 41; a further count not being demanded.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. SEWARD, I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's? table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I submit that the pre-
vious question has been demanded, and that the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded but not seconded; and the morning
hour having expired, a motion to proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table is, under the lule, in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw the motion.
J do it to hIiow the gentleman from Alabama that
I do not wish to embarrass hi« resolution. I ap-
pealed to the gentleman to allow me ten minutefi
to speak upon the resolution, and he would not do
it. I will, however, not make any factious op-
position, and I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WHEELER. I renew the motion to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. GREY. lias the previous question been
seconded upon thia resolution?
The SPEAKER. It has not. It has been de-
manded, however.
Mr. GREY. Have I the right to say anything
upon it}
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not de-
batable, the previous question having been de-
manded.
Mr. GREY. Then I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HARRIS. I would if i thought it was
the wish of the House; but I do not think it is.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers on the second
to the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jonks, of
Louisiana, and Dent were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
■—ayes 78, noes 41,
So there was a second; and the main question
was then ordered to be put. |i
The question was then taken on the motion to ;!
recommit the bill to the Committee on the Post j;
Office and Post Roads; and it was disagreed to.
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing, and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, called for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the resolution.
The question was put on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and,on a division, there
were—ayes 76, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. RORRINS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail, and
Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 86, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being " Shall the bill pass
Mr. GREY demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 82, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Banks!, Uaikxiale, TJplcher, Hell, Bennett, 13us>ell, Boyc'e,
Bridget?, Caskic, Cobb, Colquitt, Crnige, Curtis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Drum, Dun bar, Dunham,
Eddy, John M. Elliott, Ethendge, Fenton, Florence,Goode,
Greenwood, Grow, s*amp>im VV. llams, WiJey I\ Harris, j
lI.iMmy*, Hemi, Hibbaid, Hunt, Ingorsoll, Daniel T. Jones,
j. Gianev Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, KidweJl, Kurtz,
Latham, Lmdsley, Lyon, M anion aid, McDou^all, McNair,
Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May, Mayall, Smith Miller, Mur-
ray, Peckham, Bishop Peikin-<, I'helps Phillips Powell,
Pratt, Richardson, Kiddle, Thomas Ritchey. Kohhins, Ruf
j tin, .Seymour, Shower, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
| hum Smith, JlestorJL. Sievon«, John J. Taj lor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, ThuMon, Vansant, Warren, John Wentworth,
Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—82.
NAYS—Me srs. Ball, Bocock, Bucg, Carpenter, Clark,
Clmguian, Corxviri, Cox, Crocker, CnMnm, Thomas Davis,
Dickinson, Thomas D. Rhot, Failey, Fiankhn, Giddutgs,
Gicy, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, llanison, llie>tei, Jiowe,
Gooigt; YV. Joney, Kerr, Knox, Letcher, Lillv, Maurice,
Mnldleswarih, John G. Miller, Milli-on, Parker, Pun ear,
David Ritchie, Rogeis, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Skelton, Ger-
rit Smith, William Jt. Smith, Gooisie W. Smyth, Richard
H Stanton, Stratton, John h. Taylor, Tracy, Upham,
Wade, Waljpy, Elhhu lb Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zollicoller—54.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, moved to recon-
sider the voteby which theresolution wasadopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have a memorial
which I desire to present to the House, signed by
one hundred and twenty-four citizens of Wash-
ington and Alexandria, against the military super-
intendence of the public works.
Mr. BISSELL. I object.
The SPEAK.ER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] can present it at the,Clerk's
desk, under the rules.
Mr. SMITH. I desired to present it in open
House, so that some notice should be taken of it.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY" BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. J on ics, of New York, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the supportof the Military- Academy
at West Point, for the year ending the 30th June,
1855.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration a bill making
appropriations for the West Point Military Acad-
emy, and particularly the Senate amendments
thereto. The first question is upon agreeing to
the second Senate amendment, which will be re-
ported by the Clerk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For cavalry-exercise hall, $20,000."
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the pending ques-
tion tellers have been ordered.
Messrs. Smith, of Tennessee, and Riddle, were
appointed tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 55.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate was then
reported, as follows:
"Sec. 2. Jivdbe it further enacted. That the compen-
sation of the piofessors of French and diawing he made
equal to that ol the profe^ois jn the other departments ;
and that the compensation of the master ot the sword be
$1,200 per annum."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This, Mr. Chair-
man, is an amendment proposing to increase the
salaries of the teachers of French and drawing
from $1,500 to $2,000. By the act of September
16, 1850, changing the pay of these professors, it
was
" Provided, That hereafter, in lieu of the pay proper, or-
dinary rations, forage, and servant*?, heretofore received
under the act of April 12, 1812, the piofcs^ors of engineers,
philosophy, mathematics, ethics, and chemistry, shall be
entitled to receive .-52,000 each per annum, and ihe profes-
sors of drawing and French each .$'1,500 per annum ; and
that the adjutant oftbe Military Academy shall hereafter he
entitled to leceive the same pay and allowances as an adju-
tant of a regiment of dragoons."
By the act of March 3, 1851, that was so al-
tered as to allow the officers and professors lon-
gevity rations in addition to the salaries of $2,000
provided in the law from which I have just read.
And at the time the salaries of these professors
of French and drawing were fixed at $1,500 per
annum, it was admitted, I believe, by those who
advocated the proposition upon this floor, that the
best of French teachers and the best teachers of
drawing weie employed in the colleges and uni-
versities of the country for $600 or §800 per an-
I num. We gave them $1,500 and quarters or houses
to live in; and now the proposition is brought
forward to increase their salaries to §2,000 per
annum.
Mr. BISSELL. I am not aware that it is the
intention of any gentleman to insist on raising the
salaries of the professors of drawing and French.
It is desired, and U is thought to be altogether
proper, that the pay of the fencing-master should
be increased to £1,200 per annum. That is almost
as little as any man can live on at that place.
A Member. What is his salary now?
Mr. DEAN. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I would answer that it is
$750 per annum.
Mr. PECKHAM. That is a small affair. His
salary should be raised to be equal to that of the
lowest clerk here.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will not object to the
increase of the salary of the fencing-master to
$1,200 per annum. The other professors receive
$1,500 per annum.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I .hope that the com-
mittee will non-concur with the Senate s amend-
ment. The fencing-master, or the master of the
sword, now gets his rations, quarters, and, I believe,
forty-six dollars per month. And, if I mistake not,
it is a soldier who performs this service. The oiTice
requires but few qualifications, and little capacity.
I suppose that they look only to his qualification
as a master of the sword. They can get plenty
of them; more than they want. They could get
regiments of them at the price now paid. The
question is before the committee, and 1 hope they
will disagree to the whole amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman is mistaken in
saying that the fencing-master is a soldier, if he
means by that a private of the Army. Not at all;
and I am authorized, by gentlemen who know, to
say further, that he was only induced to accept
that position at the small salary he now receives
of $750 per annum, by the promise that every
effort should be made to get him an increased
salary. Now that is an important position to oc-
cupy; and it is not every man who has a strong
and active arm who can get employment in such
business. It is a very skillful exercise, and re-
quires a man to qualify himself to be a good
teacher. He must have a high degree of excel-
lence in the art, such as is not attained without
years of practice. I think, under all the circum-
stances, that $1,200 is not too great a salary for
the fencing-master.
Mr. JONES. I think his pay now is as good
as that of a captain, certainly as good as that of
a lieutenant in the Army.
Mr. BISSELL. It is not as good as that of a
captain; but I will not consume the time of the
committee by going into an argument on the sub-
ject. Nor is it as good as that of a lieutenant.
He is there, and is compelled to keep up those
associations which we would desire of a man in
that position, as one of the teachers at our only
military school. He has necessarily to incur
