THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1854.
New Series....No. 61.
some expenses beyond the bare necessities of
living; and I do think that if we allow him §1,200
per annum, it would not be extravagant, it is less
than any of the clerks of the Departments here
receive under the law lately passed. j
Mr. DEAN. I have no desire to detain the !
committee. I would inquire whether the ques- '
tion can be divided—whether a separate vote can !
be had on the proposition to increase the fencing !
teacher's salary only?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can move
to amend by striking out all of the Senate's amend-
ment, except that providing for an increase of the
salary of the fencing-master.
Mr. DEAN. Then for the purpose of testing
the question, I move to strike out that portion of
the Senate's amendment relating to the increase
of the salaries of the professors of drawing and
French. I wish they might all be raised; but 1
desire to test the question.
Mr. SAGE. What is the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
"That the compensation of the professors of French and
drawing be made equal to that of the professors (n the
other departments."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. How will the amend- ;
gient of the Senate then read ? j
The CHAIRMAN. It will read;
"For compensation of the master of the sword, $1,200
per annum."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like some
gentleman to tell me what the other professors get.
Mr. DEAN. Two thousand a year, and the
professors of French and drawing, §1,500 a
year. That there may be no misunderstanding,
1 will state that I have offered this amendment
for the purpose of getting a separate vote on the
two propositions embraced in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. SMITH. I should really be glad if some
fentleman would tell me why the professors of
rawing and French at West Point should be paid
$2,000 a year, when similar professors, equally
efficient, no doubt, can be had in the private acad-
emies of the country for less than half the money?
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, I say for less than half the
money; and half the professors in the colleges of
the country do not get over $1,000.
Mr. DEAN. Well, I propose to strike out that
part of the Senate's amendment which provides
increased compensation for the professors of
French and drawing.
Mr. PECKHAM. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia does not understand the proposition. The
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Dean,] if
adopted, will let the salaries of those professors
stand as they now are.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from New York, if, in addition to $2,000
a year,"the professors do not have their private
quarters furnished them ?
Mr. DEAN. I do not know what the gentle-
man means by " private quarters."
Mr. PRATT. Houses for their families to live
in.
Mr. DEAN. They have houses to live in, but
no rations, or any thing of that kind.
Mr. PRATT. That is what I understand, and
that is quite enough.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether, if the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from New York should prevail, we should
be denied the privilege of voting upon the salary
of the gentleman who teaches the sword exercise?
Mr. DEAN. Oh, no.
Mr. BISSELL. That will be the next question.
Mr. DEAN. The object of my amendment is
to separate the two questions.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean s
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would be glad, if
it be in order, to move to add after the words
" per annum " the following words:
And the pay of the cadets shall be increased to $88 30
per month.
61
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is, that the proposed amendment
is not in order; in the first place because it is not
germane to the pending amendment; and in the
second place because the pay of the cadets is pro-
vided for in the bill which has been passed upon
by the Senate, and it is not now within the con-
trol of the House.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 think the amendment is in
order, but the Chair can decide the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
proposed amendment is not in order, not being
germane to the subject.
Mr. PECKHAM. Let me say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that what he desires is provided
for in another bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose, \e the
section is stricken out, that the salary which the
teacher in fencing now receives would still be the
same. 1 move to strike out the section. In sub-
mitting the motion, I desire some one, who is fa-
miliar with the subject, to inform me how much
time the teacher of the sword exercise is engaged
during each day.
Mr. BISSELL. I will answer the gentleman
as far as I can, with a great deal of pleasure. I
do not suppose, by any means, that this man is
engaged in teaching the sword exercise from sun-
rise to sundown; but I presume that he is engaged
ten hours in a day. He has some five classes to
teach; and being required to attend so often to his
duties there, it is quite out of the question that he j
can carry on any other business there or else- !
where. Our chaplain here does not employ in
his duties more than three or four minutes in the
course of the day, but we do not pay him accord-
ing to the time he spends here. The gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] as well as myself,
are not engaged in official duties ordinarily more
than three or four hours in a day, but our constit-
uents never think of paying us in proportion to
the time we spend here. They send us from our
business and homes to this city, to attend to the
duties which they think proper to devolve upon
us; and when we get here they pay us what they
suppose is a liberal compensation. Suppose they
should insist upon paying us according to the
time we were actually in session. What would
the gentleman from Virginia think of it? It is
enough for me to say, that the master of the sword
exercise is required to be upon the spot at certain
hours, and perform his duties as teacher, and of
course he cannot be engaged in other business
there or elsewhere. Is not that a sufficient answer
to what the gentleman has said, or does the gen-
tleman desire to know the precise number of hours
and minutes he is engaged each day ?
Mr. SMITH. 1 merely desire information
upon this subject. I look upon the practice of
sword exercise as more distinguished for strength
of muscle and quickness of eye, than for any thing
else. The acquisition of the art is within the
reach of every one of ordinary ability, and of
course the qualification is possessed by many
persons whose services may be readily command-
ed. We know, also, that none of the respon-
sibilities of the ordinary professors devolve upon
him.
Mr. BISSELL. Nor is he paid as much as
the other professors. ,
Mr. SMITH. It is well known to all tnat
there is no obligation imposed upon him to remain
in the institution all the time. He can as well live
across the river, as in the institution. He has
only to come forward in the fourse of the day,
attend at his room, instruct his classes, and then
go where he chooses, and devote himself to what ,
business he may desire, as our professors of lan- ,
guages do in this city, who after instruction given ;
here, go to Georgetown and other places. Now, :
I think, that for services three or four hours a day, ;
#750 is enough. At any rate, I should be glad if j
any gentleman will tell me of another mail, thus ,
proficient, and thus employed, who gets as much j
money. I doubt whether there is. 1
A Voice. The clerks under the Government. ;
Mr SMITH. Do not point me to evidence to i
be fouiid in the clerkships under this Govern-
ment. I confess I have had no hand in that mat-
ter, and I state it here with satisfaction. Their
salaries are too great, but their condition is alto-
gether different from that o,f the individual of
whom I am speaking. The clerks are required to
be qualified in a variety of ways, as well as to be
men of integrity. The salaries are not rightly
regulated, and if some gentleman would devise a
plan by which they should be paid in proportion
to their labors, he would render a great service to
the country.
A Member. We are engaged here only three
or four hours.
Mr. SMITH. Let me say to gentlemen, that
although we, as members of Congress, are in this
Hall but three or four hours a day, yet if we are
true and diligent in the performance of our duties,
vpry few of us get off with less than fourteen
hours a day of persevering labor. I know the
fact to be so. EVery member who gives himself
to the performance of his duties, labors as much as
that. There may be some members who desire
to be here for pleasure, but 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN. I only rise to answer the ques-
tion which the gentleman has put. This institu-
tion is not situated in my district, but it is so near
to it that I have been there frequently, and know
something about the duties of this man. There
are constantly four classes in that institution, who
occupy the time of this professor to the exclusion
of everything else. He can engage ^n nothing
else. The training of these classes commences
in winter at six o'clock, and in summer one hour
earlier. The professor who is engaged ther# can
go into no other business whatever; and the only
question now is, whether $750 is sufficient pay
for a person who is qualified to be sent there, and
whom you are willing to send there, to train the
young men of the country who are to be put at
the head of your armies in time of war?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the gentleman how long the instruction continues
each day to each class?
Mr. DEAN. For one hour to each class.
Mr. SMITH. Does he teach each of these
classes every day'
Mr. DEAN. I presume he does noton Sunday.
Mr. SMITH. Then he instructs each class
only one hour a day?
Mr. DEAN. Now, Mr. Chairman, that is the
sort of exercise which is required. To be sure, it
is, to some extent, physical exercise, but it is the
most exhausting physical exercise you can con-
ceive. Labor by the day is nothing in compari-
son to it.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question, and 1 hope he will answer it,
for I assure him it involves a consideration that
will have much weight in determining my vote
upon this amendment. If we refuse to give this
man $1,200 will he resign ?. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNT. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to say a word?
Mr. DEAN. Yes, sir, I will, ifthe gentleman
is going to speak for the Senate amendment.
[Laughter.] .
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Chairman, the fencing-mas-
ter employed at the Military Academy ought to
be a gentleman who is fit to associate with young
men of high character. He is, usually, a man
taken from the ranks of some foreign service, who
is out of employment at home; and such a gentle-
man ought not to receive a compensation less than
that which this amendment of the Senate proposes
to five him. He should be able to give advice in
reference to questions of honor. Something more
is required than the more physical force of a clown.
He should be someihing more than meiely strong
in muscle. He should be one who, by years of
experience, has acquired great skill in the use of
the weapon, which is a proper weapon for a gen-
tleman of high character in his national profes-
sion .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there any
amendment pending to the Senate amendment?
