1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1819
stitution in which the States, as such, were no
longer called upon to contribute to a common
treasury, in which the United States collect a com-
mon treasury by their own direct action upon the
citizens, and not through the States, there being
no longer such a thing as the eighth article of the
Confederation remaining in force; and the public
landsstill remaining, it is reasonable, in the highest
degree, to suppose that, when the new Constitu-
tion was adopted, containing a provision that
Congress should have power " to dispose of" the
public lands, it meant this: That whereas, hereto-
fore, we were able to furnish a rule, and to insist
upon the application of a rule, which was reason-
able and just, we, the members of the Union,
being liable to be called upon for contributions to
be raised by ourselves according to a fixed rule;
and whereas, we have now established a govern- 1
ment having direct operation upon the people, no
longer finding it necessary to call upon the States
forcontributions,and havingacomplexLegislatuie,
embracing representatives of the people and rep-
resentatives of the States, we devolve upon that
legislative body to make such dispositions of the
public lands, as well as of the other property of
the United States, as they may deem just and
reasonable for the general benefit of all.
Now, Mr. President, what makes this more
clear, and, to my understanding, more properly the
just and rational interpretation of this provision, is
this: Whatever power, under the Constitution,
the Congress of the United States has over the pub-
lic lands, it has over all the other property of the
United States, and whatever authority the Congress
of the United States has not over any other prop-
erty of the United States, it has not over the land:
for in the Constitution the authority is conferred
in precisely the same general words, " to dispose
of" one class of property as another. No notice
is taken of any residuary provisions in the old
deeds of cession. No exceptions are made from
the general grant. It was not thought necessary
to exempt by words from this provision a reserva-
tion or condition in the deeds of cession, which,
from the very nature of the case, had become im-
practicable and inapplicable; but the same general ;
authority is given m identically the same words i
with regard to the lands, and to every other por-
tion of the public property.
What was said by the honorable Senator from
Indiana is, I think, justly said, that when Vir- \
ginia, New York, and Connecticut ratified this |
Constitution—for it took effect in no State without ]
the ratification of that State—they agreed volunta-
rily to devolve upon the Congress of the United
States the power to dispose of all the public lands,
and all the public property; and if, therefore, be-
fore she made that agreement, Virginia had a right
to insist upon any restriction as to the power of
disposition, she, by that agreement, voluntarily
surrendered it. But, sir, if we have no general
power to dispose of the public lands, we have no
general power to disposeof any other public prop-
erty of the United States. We had no power to
dispose of the brass cannon which we gave to an
association here forming that statue of Jackson,
which now adorns one of the public squares of
this city. It is idle to talk about amounts. It
was the property of the United States. If there
was a restriction upon a thing worth half a million,
there was the same restriction upon a thing worth
a penny. We have exercised that power.
Why, sir, with regard to the territory which was
ceded to the United States by the State of Virginia,
and which once formed a part of the District of Co-
lumbia, the seat of Government, that, 1 take it, was
property of the United States. I do not recollect
any clause in the Constitution of the United States
which authorizes Congress in terms to recede, to
give away, to sell, or to dispose of, any part of the
ten miles square which might be ceded to the
Union for a seat of Government. Not at all, sir.
The only article in the Constitution upon that
subject is that " Congress shall have power to ex-
ercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever
over such district (not exceeding ten miles square)
as may, by cession of particular States and the
acceptance of Congress, become the seat of Gov-
ernment of the United States."
Then, this being the state of the case, the only
power being in the first place a direct one, ex-
pressly conferred, of exclusive legislation, and in
the second place, an implied one to accept a ces-
sion of territory, I ask you where we got the
power to retrocede a part of this District to the
State of Virginia ? It was the public property of
the United States. If not, to whom did it belong?
To Virginia? It had belonged to her, but was
ceded to the United States; and after the cession,
I suppose it belonged to us. Where did t'ne*Gov-
ernmei.t of the United States get the power to
cede that territory, but under us common author-
ity and control, first over the property of the
United States, and in the next place over the emi-
nent domain and sovereignty which belonged to
the United States over the territory so ceded. It
seems to me, then, sir, very evident that the rule
under which the State of Virginia intended, and
everybody at that time undeistood that she in-
tended, that this pioperty should be applied, is
not the rule of paying the money into our Treas-
ury, as our Treasury is now formed. The Treas-
ury of the Confederation was a common Treasury
contributed by the States as States, not according
to their population, not according to their wealth,
not according to any property that they had in j
them, except the one item of lands owned by in-
dividuals, either granted to, or surveyed for indi-
viduals, with the view of being granted. There
was therefore a propriety in it, and we can well
understand the application of it. It was this. The
United States m Congress assembled charged the
State of Virginia with $100,000 for the common
defense, and for carrying on the war. But they
have sold lands ceded by Virginia, the share of
Virginia to which, according to the rule here laid
down, would amount to !jjJ00,000. Then the corn-
pact required that the $100,000 should be applied
in extinguishing the demand upon Virginia for
the $100,000 directed to be collected by the United
States in Congiess assembled. That was the ap-
plication of it.
Then I submit to you, sir, that the moment these
requisitions should haveceased under the Confed-
eration, if we suppose such a thing as that the
United States in Congress assembled had merely
attained power, without breaking up the whole
form of the Government under the Confederation,
to levy duties, and had no longer any necessity for
drawing upon the States, the necessary and un-
avoidable result would have been, that the money
raised by the sales of those lands should be paid
over to the States, according to the rule laid down
in that instrument. It would have been the only
possible method of disposing of them consistently
with the terms of the deed of cession.
We cannot carry that out now. Nobody pro-
poses to make a survey, and examination, and
estimate of all the lands in the United States, in
order that we may determine what is the value of
the lands held in the States by private owners.
But you say you discharge the obligation by put-
ting the proceeds into the Treasury, and expend
ing them in such manner, at such places, for such
purposes, and in such amounts, as Congress may
direct. Sir, you do no such thing, according to
the rule given in the deed of cession. I say not
but that that may be a very proper and allowable
mode of applying them; because I hold that under
this Constitution Congress has the power to dispose
of these lands as Congress pleases—the right to
dispose of them for all purposes of general utility
to the whole nation. But if that be so, then Con-
gress has a rightful power to dispose of them in
such manner as Congress may deem best calcu- ^
lated to promote the harmony, the general inter- i
est, and the common welfare of our common i
country. I
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, this bill has ;
already occupied a great deal of the time of the
Senate. There are but about two weeks of the
session remaining unexpired. I will not overrate ,
the importance of the bills which have to be acted |
on during that time. All the appropriation bills j
have to be acted upon. I am anxious to dispose j
of this bill. !f a majority of the Senate is in j
favor of the measure, 1 would not throw a straw j
in the way of its passage. If, on the other hand, j
there he a majority of the Senate against it, it is
important that we should now know it, and that
we should have an end of it. I propose, there-
fore, in view of the importance of the business
which remains to be transacted, and which can-
not be transacted if this bill be debated de die ad
diem, to move that the bill be laid on the table. I
move this as a test question, and on the motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. '.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order : ' ( <■
Mr. BRODHEAD. ' I desire.Jo^make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order. The motion is to lie on the table.-
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the Senatorfrom Delaware, which is usual!.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is not in order while a motion
is pending to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I ask unanimous
consent to make the suggestion. It is a privilege,
which has always been accorded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to
make a statement or suggestion to the Senator
from Delaware. Is there objection ? ["None
None!"] The Senator from Pennsylvania will
proceed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I suggest, then, to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, whether it would not be better
to make a test question on the motion to postpone
to December next.
Mr. CLAYTON. I prefer having a test ques-
tion on the motion to lie on the table.
Mr. FISH. I merely wish to state that my
colleague, [Mr. Seward,] who is absent, would
have voted in favor of this bill on all motions tend-
ing to affect the main question, but he has paired
off with the Senator from Pennsylvania,' [Mr.
Cooper.] • <■
Mr. WADE. Upon the final vote on this bill,
I agreed to pair off with the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Morton ]
Mr. BADGER. This is a final vote, a test vote.
Mr. WADE. I think 1 ought not to vote on
this motion, and 1 shall not do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion that the bill lie on the table, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, fivans, Fessenden,
Fish. Filzpatnck, Foot, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason,
Norn-;, Pearce, Pratt, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
and Toucey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bell, Bright,
Brown, Cass, Clia-e, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, James, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, jones of Tennessee, Pettit, Rockwell, Sebastian,
Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Walker, and Wellor—S7.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. Some two days ago, when I
was making some remarks to the Senate, I alluded
to the case of Pollard's lessee vs. Hagan el al.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] pro-
nounced the opinion which I read to be an obiter
dictum, and of no value. Since that time 1 have
been looking over the reports, and I find that- a
case was decided in 1850, in the opinion of which,
given by Chief Justice Taney, I find this lan-
guage:
• " The whole question upon the ordinance of 1787, and the
acts of Congress extending it to other territory afterwards
acquired, was carefully considered in Pollard ®s. Hagan 3d
Howard, 212."
That is the case from which I quoted.
"The subject is fully examined in the opinion pro-
nounced in that case, and with which we concur; and it is
sufficient now to refer to the reasoning and principles by
which that judgment is maintained, without entering again
upon a full examination of the question.'1
It is very true that the point in dispute in this
case was not the point in dispute in that; but the
reasoning and arguments of the judge who de-
livered the opinion in that case are here referred
to without objection, and with the statement that
his opinion is fully concurred in. That is suffi-
cient.
Mr. CASS. The case was not before the court,
and was not argued before the court. It was not
necessary to the point in contest, and what right,
therefore, had the court to make a decision on so
solemn a question as the exemption of the public
property from taxation, when it was not before
them?
Mr. BADGER. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Messrs. Douglas, Walker, and others, called
for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered; and being taken, resulted
as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Butlor, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Evans, Fessen-
den, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Houston,
