1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
from each State, and has provided two means,
both ample, one of which must always be in ex-
istence, to keep the Senate full; for it must be
recollected that no State is ever without an execu-
tive. It always has an executive, though it may
not always have a Legislature. When the Legis-
lature is in session—is in a condition to act and to
exercise the primary authority—it has power to do
so; but, inasmuch as the Legislature is not always
in that condition, and the State always has an ex-
ecutive, the Constitution has conferred upon the
executive the right to make temporary appoint-
ments, so that the Senate can at all times be kept
full by the action of these two departments.
The question, in this case, arises principally, as
it is said, upon the construction of the latter clause
of the third section of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States. That section, after
providing that the Legislature shall appoint, pro-
ceeds to say:
" And if vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise,
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the exoe
utive thereof may make temporary appointments until the
next meeting of the Legislature, which shall then till such
vacancies."
That the language of the Constitution, or of
any law, cannot always be read and understood
literally, will be seen by reading this language
twice. The intention, and not the language in all
instances, must be observed. If you take this pas-
sage literally, it will be seen that there could be
no appointment by the executive unless there be
vacancies. The language is expressly in the plu-
ral, "and if vacancies happen" " the executive
thereof may make temporary appointments," in
the plural again—appointments to correspond with
vacancies. I need not, however, dwell upon this
wording. No one" has doubted, and no one will
doubt, that the executive has authority to appoint
where but one vacancy happens. I notice this
point in passing, for it is right before me; and it
is utterly out of the question, in giving a sound
construction and sound interpretation to legal in-
struments, always to construe them literally as
the words themselves indicate. Nor, indeed, does
such, at first blush, seem to be the proper im-
pression. . .
But the question arises as to whether the limit-
ation implied in the words " until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature," applies to the contingent
power of the Governor to appoint and its duia-
tion, or to the period within which he may exer-
cise and continue to exercise that power. The
question is, does the limitation apply to the power
to fill the office, or to the commission of him who
is the appointee? The committee have supposed
that the limitation is upon the appointing power,
that the executive cannot make an appointment
after " the next meeting of the Legislature," but
that the force and effect of the appointment, the
commission and the office, continue until tne prim-
ary authoiity, the Legislature,lays its hand upon
the subject and exercises that, authority, or until
the senatorial term, the end of the six years, shall
have passed by. . .
The committee are further of opinion that the
lano-uao-e in regard to the power of the executives
of the several States to fill vacancies is neither
perspicuous, definite, nor concise; that it is sub-
ject to two interpretations; that it may be and
mi "lit have been in the beginning fairly and justly
interpreted, either according to one or the other of
two views. It may be interpreted so as to limit
both the appointing power and the duration of the
office- or, on the other hand, in maybe interpreted
so as'to be applied, as the committee propose to
apply it, to the extent of time witmn which the
appointing power maybe brought into requisition, |
or may be exercised. |
"What then, is the difference between these two I
interpretations? When two such interpretations
may be put upon this language, without doing I
violence to the Constitution, or to the organization
of its powers, we may well inquire what was the
object of the framers of the Constitution; and we
mav well see what would be the result of one m-
terpretation,and what of the other. By giving he
former interpretation, that both the power and the
office terminate upon the meeting of trie Legisla-
ture, you 'rive to the phrase a harsh and severe
constt action, which does not coiuk^ to the ser-
vice or benefit of the public, but nosohuely to
deprive the States of the service of a Senatoi, foi
in all cases, if you consider the language literally,
so as to terminate both the power to appoint and
the office of the appointee, at the meeting of the
Legislature—for it is out of the question to torture
the word "meeting" to mean dissolution, or end,
or rising, or adjournment—you in the first place
violate what was the plain and palpable intention
of the framers of the Constitution. They designed
that there should always be two Senators from
each State in commission; but by this harsh inter-
pretation you are compelled, every little while,
and in every State in a few years, where a hiatus
or vacancy in the Senate occurs, to demand that
the Senator who holds an executive appointment
shall take his hat and walk out at the moment
when the Legislature meets. It may be some
days before the Legislature will elect. They may
not, perhaps, elect during their whole session,
and then, when a man is elected, it will take him
some days to get here.
Mr. BADGER. How long would it take for a
man to come here from California?
Mr. PETT1T. As it was in the olden times it
would take months; but according to the present
rate I believe a man can come in thirty days.
Sir, we must also consider what was the con-
dition of the country when the Constitution was
adopted. Then our country was sparsely settled;
there were no railroads, no steamboats, and the
slowest modes of travel were used. Men coming
from Boston probably had to make a long and
tedious journey in order to reach the seat of Gov-
ernment; and no doubt Senators and Representa-
tives came on horseback from Georgia, Tennessee,
and Kentucky. In that view of the case, then, it
would have been apparent to the framers of the
Constitution that, under the harsh construction
against which I contend, the Senate might be fora
long time without a full representation of the
States. We are to regard this question as though
our country were now in the situation m which it
was at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion; and by that means we shall get back into the
feelings, and judgment, and intention, of those
who framed that sacred instrument; and that will
explain to us fully that matter.
Well, sir, by this interpretation, as I have said,
you distract the public service; you have not your
men in commission all the time; and the Senate is
not composed of two Senators from each State, as
the Constitution provides that it shall be. The
Constitution expressly provides that the Senate
shall be composed of two Senators from each State,
and, for the purpose of having at all times that
' provision carried into effect, provided two means
of appointment, one or the other of which is at
all times capable of sending a Senator here,
the Legislature is not always in session, the per-
petuity of the Executiveof the State exists forever,
in one hand or another, and is at all times leady
to fill the hiatus. ,,,.1.1.1,
1 have contended that this would be the harsh
view, the harsh construction of the provision of
the Constitution. It is contended for, L know, by
some gentlemen; but it seems to me that it is one (
not in accordance with the spirit or intention of 1
the framers of the Constitution. The puoliecon-
venience, the public sei vice, and the public interest 1,
are served by a different construction, and would jj
not be served by this. _ . ||
Now, what is the other view? What is the ,,
consequence if we take the milder view which the ,1
committee have taken of this question? By it we j
promote the public service; we carry out the ,
spirit and intention of the framers of the Consti- j
tution; we live up to its very letter, as neaily as 1
we can; we carry out the provision which says
the Senate shall be composed of two Senators
from each State. While I do not feel bound by
the precedents of the Senate as much as by the
precedents of cases adjudicated before the judicial
tribunals, they are still entitled to great consider-
ation and respect. The Senate have heretofore
interpreted the Constitution as the committee in-
terpret it now, upon more than one occasion. It
the opposite construction prevail, at the meeting
of the Legislature the Senator here holding his
seat under Executive appointment loses his seat.
The Senate has, uniformly, m twenty, thirty, or
1 forty instances, or perhaps more, decided that the ,
office does not terminate upon tae meeting ol tile
! Legislature, but continues beyond the meeting.
Ij This was decided first 111 the famous case of Mr.
I Smith, of Maryland. That resolution has been
II read and reread, but I will read it again.
The Senate, on the 6th of June, 1809, after full
consideration and deliberation, passed this resolu«
tion:
•• Resolved, That the Hon. Samuel Smith, a Senator ap-
pointed by the Executive of Maryland to fill tbecvaeancy
which happened in the offiee of Senator for that State, is
entitled to lioid his seat in the Senate of the United Stales
during the session of the Legislature of Maryland, which,
by the proclamation of the Governor of said State was to
commence on the 5th day of the present month of June*
unless said Legislature shall fill such vacancy by the ap-
pointment of a Senator, and this Senate be officially in-
formed thereof."
1 read this, not because it is a resolution fully
covering the case of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, but because it expresses the deliberate
judgment of the Senate that the office does not
terminate upon the meeting of the Legislature,
.That they have resolved and re-resolved. There
are thirty and forty, perhaps there may be one
hundred instances, where Senators have been ap-
pointed by the executives of their States, and
come here and held their seats until the meeting
of the Legislatures, and until their successors were
elected and came here and took their seats. My
own case furnishes a*1 illustration of this practice.
I came here on the 18th of January, at the middle
of the last session of Congress. My predecessor
[Mr. Cathcart,] had been appointed by the Gov-
ernor of the State to fill the vacancy occasioned
by the death of Governor Whitcomb. It was
not proposed to turn him out of the Senate as
soon as it was known that the Legislature met. I
hold that we are compelled here to take official
notice of the meeting, and not of the adjournment
of the Legislature, for that is a matter that caprice
may determine; but the constitution, or a perma-
nent law of each'State determines when^he Legis-
lature- shall meet. But I need not refer to my own
case. Indiana has had two or three other instances
of the same kind. Mr. Hanna was once appointed;
Mr. Tipton was elected to succeed him, but did
not come here for three or four months after his
election. There are a great many instances of
the same sort. Many gentlemen have been ap-
pointed to fill vacancies, and have continued, in
every instance, I believe, to hold their seats until
their successors appeared and were qualified. In
at least fifty cases the Senate has thus given to
the clause of the Constitution in question the con-
struction which the committee give it, that the
office does not terminate upon the meeting of the
Legislature.
This is the mild and benignant construction-
one calculated to promote the public service, and
not to injure it. And when two constructions
can be given—I care not whether it be upon the
bench or in a legislative body—the one detrimental
to the public service, and the other promotive of
the public good and the public weal, the latter
ought always to be adopted. Such has been the
iudo-ment of the Senate heretofore. Then, sir,
the°committee think that they are justified in
coming to the conclusion at which they have ar-
! rived; first, because it seems to be justified by the
I language of the Constitution itself, and then, it
j bein<* subject to two constructions, they have the
1 precedence of the Senate for their guidance.
1 It is idle to say to me that upon any philological
principles it can be shown that the word " meet-
in*'" means" end." The resolution oftheSenate,
inlhe case of Mr. Smith, of Maryland, said he
might hold " during" the session of the Legisla-
ture. The committee have said very tritely, in
their report, that you cannot construe " meeting^
into " end," " dissolution," or " adjournment.
I The Constitution does not say that the appointee
: shall hold his office until the next adjournment of
i the Legislature; but if the limitation applies to the
I appointee, it is "until the next meeting of the
i Legislature.'' We think, then, that we are justi-
- fied in our construction from the text of the Con-
! stitution itself; from the precedents, and the con-
' Struction heretofore given it by the Senate, and
I from our construction being promotive of the
1! public service, and not detrimental to it.
Sir, I have pursued the subject longei and
1 further than I had intended. Ishall now leaveit
' entirely to the consideration of those who feel more
■! interest in it than I do, and who are, perhaps,
1 abundantly better able to manage the mattei.
! shall not detain the Senate longer.
! Mr BUTLER. Mr. President, it is not my
1 purpose to take a prominent part in this discus-
| sion. The question before the benate resolves
