252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jam 26,
itself into a very simple proposition, and I think it
would not be very much improved by an amplifica-
tion of the discussion. The papers on the table
disclose the fact that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary were divided—that the honorable Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] and myself differed
from the majority of the members of that Com-
mittee. I have placed my reasons for that dissent
in writing. I do not choose, now, at least, to go
fully into the subject. I may restate them, how-
ever, m a different form hereafter; but the state of
my voice will not allow me to do so now; nor do
I know that it is very desirable, for two reasons.
I think the Senate will come to a very intelligent !
conclusion on this subject, by reading the Consti-
tution and the precedents; and I know that my
friend from Delaware is very fully prepared upon
the subject, and therefore I yield the floor to him .
to conduct the discussion in reply to the honora-"
ble Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, before pro-
ceeding with the debate on this question, differing
as I do, toto calo, from the reasoning of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, and the views of the
majority of the committee, I should like to know
whether the special order in Executive session, at
two o'clock, is to take effect? If so, ) cannot, of
course, conclude my remarks by that time.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor that we may postpone this subject till another
day.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. We can postpone
the other subject until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I thought the other was im-
portant to-day.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir ; we can take it up to-
morrow.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Delaware is
indisposed, and would proceed with great per-
sonal inconvenience to himself to-day.
Several Senators. Then let us postpone the
subject.
Mr. CHASE. I trust the Senate will at once
acquiesce in a motion to postpone the subject until
to-morrow, or such day as will suit the con-
venience of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BADGER. To-morrow will be private
bill day.
Mr. CHASE. Say Monday.
Mr. GWIN. We have a special order for
Monday.
Mr. CHASE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Monday, and to
make it the special order for that day.
Mr, HUNTER. I hope that will not be done;
for the bill of the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. DouGt-As] is already the special order for that
day.
Mr. CHASE. Then I move to postpone this
subject until Tuesday. This will not interfere
with the special order of Monday, unless the Sen-
ate choose, because that subject is the special
order for Monday, and from day to day until dis-
posed of. Unless the Senate shall choose to pro-
ceed with the consideration of this matter 011
Monday, and settle the question as to the right of
the honorable Senator from Vermont to a seat, the
other bill could be taken up, and proceeded with
from day to day.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the subject will be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER and Mr. CHASE. To-mor-
row is private bill day.
Mr. PETTIT. Perhaps some other Senator
may wish to go on to-day.
Mr, BAYARD, i should be perfectly willing
to proceed to-day if I supposed that the debate
couid be clo«ed to-day; but the suggestion which 1
made was with reference to the fact that there is an
existing special order in Executive session at two
o'clock. If that order shall be executed, and
properly it ought to be, then of necessity this de-
bate cannot be closed to-day; for I certainly can-
not conclude my remarks by two o'clock. I will
not promise to conclude at any time. X think
that the questions here involved are very import-
ant; not perhaps in reference to the particular
case, but because I think the constitutional pro-
vision has been departed from m a variety of cases,
and I wish to show what is the extent and force
of the precedents which have existed in this body,
and to endeavor, so far as my own views go, to
place this matter upon some principle which may
be acted upon hereafter as well as now.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that if he is willing to go on
to-day, we can devote to-day to the consideration
of this case, and postpone the other special order.
Mr. BADGER. I can state to the Senatorfrom
Virginia that the Senator from 'Delaware greatly
prefers not to go on to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 did not understand him so.
Mr. BADGER. He is willing to go on, of
course; we are always willing, but we sometimes
have our personal preferences. I hope, therefore,
the subject will be postponed until Monday; and 1
will add another suggestion why it should be done,*
I do not see how the subject is to be disposed of
to-day. Seme of as have not made up our minds
upon the question. *Some of us wish to listen in
order to be convinced. Some of us do not yet
understand the subject thoroughly, and are not
prepared to decide for ourselves. I confess I am
in that situation. 1 hope the subject will be post-
poned until Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. There is already
a special order for Monday.
Mr. BADGER. Then suppose we say Tues'
day.
Mr. CASS. The Nebraska bill is the special
order for Monday, and from day to day, until
disposed of. Then, if you do not make this sub-
ject the order of the day for Monday, it will be
thrown over for an indefinite period. I think it is
one of those questions which should supersede all
others. We owe it to ourselves and to the Sen-
ate to dispose of the subject as soon as possible.
Mr. PETTIT. Undoubtedly; it is a question
of privilege.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur with the honorable
Senator from Michigan. I think, as a question
of privilege, by parliamentary rules, this will take
precedence of ail others; and I think we might
well take it up to-morrow, notwithstanding the
order of the Senate that we shall take up private
business on Friday. If it takes precedence of all
other questions, we can consider it to-morrow.
It would, to be sure, postpone private business for
a week, but that is all.
Mr. BADGER. What would be gained by
that?
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Delaware in-
forms me that he cannot be here to-morrow, and of
course 1 yield to every personal consideration he
may urge; but one thing is very certain: this sub-
ject has been for a long time pending, and I say,
for one, that it would give me very great pleasure
to receive on this floor, the honorable Senator
from Vermont; but 1 am perfectly satisfied that
it he retains his seat here it will be in violation of
the Constitution of the United States; and in that
point of view I could not consent, if there was an
important question pending, and it was likely to
approach a tie m the Senate, to the reception of
his vote; but I should protest against receiving it
until this question should be decided. This shows
the importance of deciding a question of privilege
of this kind, that we should know who are com-
petent voters in the Senate.
Mr. CASS. It is the first question which should
come before the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir. In the English Par-
liament they always take up such questions first.
I have looked at the books, and I know it to be
so.
Mr. CLAPTON. I think, from what I un-
de  stand, that the claimant to the seat is ready to
I proceed. My colleague can speak on some other
I occasion. If the claimant [Mr. Phelps] would
! take the floor, my colleague would have an op-
| portumty of being heard fully on a future occa-
1 sioii, when hp will be in better health.
I Mr. CHASE. There is a special order in Ex-
! ecutive session for two o'clock to-day. The hour
| approaches. It is perfectly obvious that no Sena-
! tor can take the floor and do justice either to him-
self or to the subject during the time which now
remains. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] is entitled to the floor. He is indisposed,
and would proceed with great personal mconve-
E nience to-day,and undersuchcivcum,stances,I have
I never known in this Senate, an appeal addressed to
| the courtesy of the Senate in vain. We have al-
| ways agreed to a postponement, upon the apphea-
, tion of a Senator under similar circumstances, of
any question, to a day which would suit his con-
I venience. That day in tins case is Monday. I
therefore insist upon my motion to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until 011-
day.
Mr. CLAYTON. If my colleague desires to
follow the Senator from Indiana in the debate, of
course we all agree that he should do so, and se-
lect his own time. I do not so understand him.
I understand him to be willing that the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Phelps J shall proceed with
his argument, leaving him to reply. If that is the
understanding, I would suggest that the claimant
for the seat should go on now; but if my colleague
lias the slightest desire to proceed to-day, I should
certainly insist upon his right to do so, or if he
should desire to follow in the debate before the
claimant for the seat.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the Senator from Dela-
ware say what he does desire, and we shall grant it.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Delaware,
who is entitled to the floor, doe,? not desire to.
speak in preference to any other Senator who
wishes now to occupy the floor. If there is any
Senator who desires at present to speak, I will
withdraw the motion; but if there is no Senator
who desires now to speak, I shall insist upon it.
I do not understand any other Senator as indica-
ting a wish to occupy the floor at this time.
Mr. BAYARD. So far as my own personal
convenience is concerned, I am perfectly willing
to proceed now; but I do not wish to go on to-day
with one half of an argument, and leave the rest
of it for a subsequent day next week. My in-
quiry was directed to that matter. There is a
special order assigned for two o'clock to-day in
Executive session. My inquiry was, whether
that special order necessarily caused the Senate 10
take up that subject at that time.
Several Senators. Not at all.
Mr. BAYARD. But you cannot close the
debate to-day. There are other Senators who
desire fo debate the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to suspend the further
consideration of the present order of business, for
the purpose of proceeding to Executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now before the Senate is to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Monday.
Mi. BUTLER, 1 move that the whole subject
lie upon the table, giving notice at the same tune
that 1 shall call it up whenever I can—not to-mor-
row, because the gentleman from Delaware may
not wish fo speak to-morrow—but I shall call it
up on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to move to take up from
the table for consideration the message from the
House of Representatives announcing the appoint-
ment of a committee, to act jointly with such
committee as may be appointed by the Senate, to
take into consideration the propriety of recom-
mending an amendment of that portion of the
Constitution which regulates the mode of electing
the President and Vice President of the United
States. It was on my motion that the message
was ordered to lie upon the table. My motive in
making it has been misunderstood in the House
of Representatives. It is supposed by some
members of that body that the intention was to
show disrespect to them. It is scarcely necessary
for ine to say that such was not my intention.
The motion was made because it was necessary
for us to go into Executive session at the tune.
Not having listened to the reading of the resolu-
tion then, I thought it was a different proposition
from what it is.
I am not prepared to say that I am opposed to
the proposition to change the mode of election; I
therefore 1x10 veto take up the message now, in order
that a motion may be submitted to authorize the
President to appoint a committee 011 the part of
the Senate. I hope I shall not be put on it as
chairman, because I cannot serve well in such a
position.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution of the House being then under
consideration,
The Senate adjourned.
