1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 20,
Hunter, Johnson, Mason, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Toucey, and Wade—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bright, Brown, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Towa, Douglas,
Gwin, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Pettit, Rockwell, Rusk, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, and
Walker—21.
So the motion was agreed to•, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, My 20, 1854.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. COBB. I have a paper in my hand which
relates to a case now pending in the Land Office.
It is the petition of certain citizens of north Ala-
bama. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to withdraw it from the files of the House, for the
purpose of having it presented there.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the motion to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
amend an act entitled an act to amend an act en-
titled " An act to reduce and modify the rates of
postage," was laid upon the table; upon which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. Can I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman can with-
draw it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman's motion
to reconsider was made yesterday, and it cannot
be withdrawn after that day. There is a special
rule on that point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken
in this. The gentleman may withdraw his mo-
tion to reconsider the day it was made, or that
succeeding, so that any other member may have
the right, under the rule, to renew it. The gen-
tleman can withdraw his motion to reconsider
to-day.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider, aa well as the one to lay that
motion upon the table.
THOMAS C. NYE.
The SPEAKER. Repoits are now in order
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roiuls.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back Senate bill (No. 307) entitled "Anactfor the
relief of Thomas C. Nye, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. OLDS. I would be glad 'if the gentleman
would first allow me to r«port to the House the
post route bill, of which I gave notice yesterday.'
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen-
tleman from New York submit in regard to the
bill which he has reported ?
Mr. JONES. I ask that it may now be put on
its passage. That its object and extent may be
fully explained, 1 ask that the Clerk may read the
Senate report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the bill, itproposes examination and ascertainment
of the losses sustained by a particular individual
in consequence of the passage of the law of 1845,
for the i eduction of the postages of the country.
Prior to the passage of that law, when a bidder
for a particular route obtained the contract and
superseded the old contractor, he was, by law or
custom, compelled to take the horses, harness,
and stages of his predecessor at valuation. The
law of 1845, reducing the postages, repealed that
portion of the law, and left afterwards no obliga-
tion, on the part of the new contractor to take the
stock of the old one.
This bill is to indemnify a contractor for the
losses he is alleged to have sustained in conse-
quence of his successor refusing to take his stock.
It will open the door of the Treasury, if passed,
to thousands, nay millions of dollars of claims.
This is the pioneer bill, which will be made the
precedent For all the others. On it all the others
hang.
Those contractors who failed to get their con-
tract extended, had all their property, horses,
coaches, and stock, of every description, to dis-
pose of, and I cannot see why the Government
should be subjected to damages in all these cases
in consequence of the law passed in 1845.
Again j it is proposed, when the amount of dam-
ages ia ascertained, that it shall be paid, and makes
an appropriation for that purpose; and the rules
require that it shall be considered first in Com-
mittee of the Whole House. It is certainly at
the head of a very large class of cases, which will
be brought here if this is successful; and it should
undergo a tolerably thorough examination before
it is acted upon.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee as raising a ques-
tion of order ?
Mr. JONES. I do.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from New York what amount is in-
volved in this bill?
The SPEAKER. A question of order has
been raised, which it is the duty of the Chair to
decide. If the Chair understands correctly the
language employed, the bill does make an appro-
priation, and by the face of the act the money
would be drawn from the Treasury and paid over
to the parties, which brings it within the rules
requiring bills making appropriations of money
to be first considered in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the "Union, or Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I ask that it may
be referred to the committee on the Private Calen-
dar. If I could have the privilege, I should like
to make that reference.
The SPEAKER. It being a private bill, it
I would go upon the Calendar. It would need no
vote of the House, unless objection be made.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
REFERENCE OF MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I rise to change
the reference of certain memorials and petitions,
which I think have been referred to the wrong
committee. I refer to the petition of the Hon.
Mr. Maxwell, of Florida, a member of this House,
for the construction of a railroad in the State of
Florida, which has been referred to the Post Office
Committee. I wish, further, to ask that the refer-
ence of the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
which has been referred to the same committee,
may be changed to that of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
I ask still further, that the reference of the peti-
tion for the construction of the Philadelphia, Fort
Wayne, and Council Bluffs air-line railroad which
has been referred to the same committee, may be
changed to that of the appropriate committee. All
! petitions of this character have been heretofore re-
ferred to the Committeeon Public Lands. I make
i this request of the Chair, as I understand it is the
' duty of the Speaker to see that the proper refer-
j ence is given to all such petitions and memorials.
| Mr. OLDS. I object to the motion of the gen-
tleman at this time.
' The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
i York raises a question of privilege as to the du-
l ties of the Chair in reference to petitions and other
1 matters referred under the rules of the House.
' From the character of the paper or papers sent to
: the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
i the Chair would have no hesitation in deciding
that if his attention had been given to them, it was
i his duty, under the rule, to have given them a
'• different direction to that which they have taken.
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on the
; Post Office and Post Roads to take into consider-
ation all such petitions, matters, and things touch-
j ing post offices and post roads, as shall be presented,
or as shall come in question and be referred to
them by the House; and to report their opinion
thereon, together with such proposition relative
thereto, as to them shall seem expedient." " It
j shall be the duty of the Committee on Public
i Lands to take into consideration all such petitions,
i matters, and things respecting the lands of the
, United States," &c.
The duties of each of the standing committees
of the House are prescribed by the rules of the
House; and the Chair has referred to these two
Committees on Public Lands and the Post Office
and Post Roads, simply for the purpose of saying
that the matters referred to by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Jones,] would have been, if the
■attention of the Chair had been drawn to them,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands and to
the Committee on the Post Office andPost Roads.
Then again:
"Members having petitions and memorials to present,
may hand them to the Cterk, indorsing the same with
their names, and the reference or disposition to be made
thereof; and such petitions and memorials shall be entered
thereon, subject to the control and direction of the £
Now, whether the Speaker, by this authority,
has a right to withdraw, by his own order, and
change the direction of these misdirected papers,
is the question. The Chair doubts that he is au-
thorized to exercise such a power.
Mr. OLDS. Can I be heard a moment in rela-
tion to this question?
The SPEAKER. With pleasure.
Mr. JONES, of New York. The gentleman
from Ohio will excuse me for one moment. I ask
for the reading of the second rule, and the note
appended thereto, showing that this proposition is
a debatable one, unless the Chair so decides.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would-, to a limited extent, be a debatable propo-
sition.
Mr. JONES. Well, I wish the 2d rule to be
read, together with the note appended thereto,
because I think it is the duty of tnis House to see
that the business which comes before them be
referred to the appropriate committees.
The rule was read, as follows:
"He (the Speaker) shall preserve ®rder and decorum;
may speak to points ol'order in preference to other members,
rising from his seat for that purpose; and shall decide
questions of order, subject to an appeal to the House by any
two members—April 7, 1789 ; on which appeal no member
Khali speak more than once, unless by leave of the House."
Mr. JONES. Now, I ask that the note may
be read, unle33 the Chair decides that this is a
debatable question, because I wish to have the
views of the House thereon.
The note was read, as follows:
" Difficulties have often arisen as to a supposed discrep-
ancy between the appeal contemplated in this rule and that
referred to in rule 35. There is no discrepancy. The
question of order mentioned in the second rule relates to
motions or propositions, their applicability or relevancy, or
their admissibility on the score of time, or in the order of
business, &.c. The i call to order' mentioned in rule 35,
on which, in case of an appeal, there can be no debate, has
reference only to 'transgressions of the rules in speaking,'
or to indecorum of any kind. See also rule 51, id which
debate on an appeal, pending a call for the previous ques-
tion, is prohibited."
Mr. JONES. This is a proposition merely to
change the direction of a memorial, and therefore
I think it is a debatable proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly chooses
to regard it as such, inasmuch as he was himself
involved in the matter, the rules having made it
his duty to superintend the distribution of the
business presented under the rules, and therefore
he was pleased to be heard thus far upon the
subject.
It will be for the House to determine what dis-
position they will make of the matter, the memo-
rials having been referred, and the attention of the
Speaker not having been drawn to them, other-
wise he would have given them another direction.
Mr. OLDS. I am not at all tenacious as to
what course these papers shall be made to take.
I only desire that the House shall pursue its cus-
tomary policy in regard to any order which it may
make in reference to them. It is a customary
thing for a great many memorials, upon any par-
ticular subject, to be presented to the House, and it
is a customary thing, under the rules of the House,
fo-r members of this House to give those memo-
rials different directions.
Let me give an illustration directly in point.
During the last session of Congress, while the
present Speaker was the occupant of the chair,
there were forty or fifty memorials presented to
this House with reference to the Wheeling bridge.
Now, what was the question involved in those
memorials? The Supreme Court of the United
States had ordered that bridge to be taken down.
Some of those memorials were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads; a
portion of them were referred to the Committee on
I Military Affairs, and a portion of them went to the
Committee on the Judiciary. They were all
couched in precisely the same language; and they
were ail referred under the rules of the House,
