962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
The CHAIRMAN". The amendment to the
amendment is pending.
Mr. JONES. 1 move to strike out §1,200.
Mr Chairman,! have moved this amendment
for the purpose of saying a word m reference to
the compensation of this fencing-master. The
gentleman from New York has stated that his com-
pensation was $750 per annum. Now, by refer-
ence to the Blue Book, it will be seen that the
master of the sword at th? Military Academy re-
ceives $46 66 per month, making about $560 a
year. In addition to this, he receives four iations
per day. These lations aie computed at twenty
cents each, making eighty cents a day, and in-
creasing his compensation to about $852. Then,
in addition to this, he has quarters, making in all
about $1,000 or $J,100 a year.
Mr. DEAN. I said the salary of this master
of the sword was $750 a year. I have before me
a letter from him, in which he says his pay is only
$7*20. I will read an extract from the letter, and
allow him to speak for himself. He says:
" The salary of all the professors here is >$2,000 per annum,
with the exeepti'm ol Pmft-SMirs Auuuel and Wen, who re-
ceive $1 ,.">00. My pay is $720. This enormous (hlTerenee
between my salary and that of tho,-e gentlemen, will show
jou how pooily my &erviee^ are compensated."
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman if he does
not get as much pay as a lieutenant in the Army?
Mr. DEAN, i do not know.
Mr. PHELPS, lie dues get more; and there
are some fifteen or twenty lieutenams employed
at the academy at West Point.
Mr. BISSELL. What are they doing there?
Mr. PHELPS. They are instructing the
cadets.
The question now being upon the amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, withdrew
it. • &
The question then recurred upon concuriing in
the amendment, to the Senate.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in, there being, on
a division, ayes 7'2, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
committee do now rise and report the amendments
of the Senate to the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Junks, of New York) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
the state of the Union genemlly under considera-
tion, and particularly the Senate amendments to
the Military Academy appropriation bill, and had
directed hnn to report the same back, with the rec-
ommendation that the iirst amendment should be
non-concurred in, the second coneuit ed in, and the
third concurted in, with an amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the amendments.
The call forthe previous question was seconded;
and the mum question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The queshon is first on the
following amendment of the Senate, in which the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
recommend a non-concurrence:
" For re pans and additions to ptofessors' quarter?.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Cietk then reported the second amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Foi cavalry cveioit-e hall, $20,000
Mr. LYON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yea'? and nays were ordered.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to ask if the question
is on concurring in the Senate amendment, or in
the report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. They are the same thing.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union report in favor of the amendment; and the
question is upon agreeing to the amendment of the
Senate.
The question was then put; and it was dcoided
in the affirmative—yeas 09, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Me«rs. Aiken, Appletnn, Banks^, Reli, Hemwtf.
T is<cll, Carpenter, Ca-kie, Chandler. Clark, Clinyni.m',
C'ojquiU. t'ioeUer, Cuiti1*, Cutting. Thomas Davis, Dean,
Unit, Dickinson, Drum, Dunbar, P.ddy, Thomas D.
Eliot,Farley,Fenton, FJorence, Franklin,'Aaron Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Hastings, Hubbard, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,
Latham, Linds-ley, Macdonald, McDouguil, Mace, Maur-
ice, Murray, Parker, Feck, Peekham, Bishop Peikins,
Phillips, Riddle. David Ritchie, Rogers, Sage, Seward,
Shower, Ilestor L. Stevens, John J. Taylor, John L,
Taylor, Thurston,Tracy, (Jpham, Vansant, Walley, Well*,
Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and VViUc—69.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Rail, Bark^dale,
Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Bugg, Chri«man,
Churchwell, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Cox, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dunham, Eastman, Edgeiton, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Etheridge, Gtddmgs, Greenwood, Grey,
Grow, Hamilton, Wiley P. Harris, Hiester, George W.
Jones, Kuiu, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, Limltey, Lyon,McNair,
May, Mayall, Middleswarth, John G Miller, Smith Miller,
iVhllson, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Puiyeai, liobbms, Rufhn,
Sapp, Shannon, Singleton, SkHton,Gernt Smith, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard II. Stanton, Stratton,
Andrew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Vail, Wade, Elhhu
B. Waslibume, Issiael Washburn, and ZollicotFei—66.
So the second amendment of the Senate was
agreed to.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LYON. On that I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PECKHAM. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I rise to a question i
of order. After a motion is made, and the House '
has acted on it, is it in the power of the party
making the motion to withdraw it? Isitnotthen !
in the possession of the House?
The SPEAKER, By an express rule of the j
House, it is in the power of the mover to with- j
draw it heforeaction has been had upon it. |
Mr. SMITH. But here was action; we were j
called upon to vote. The yeas and nays were I
ordered.
The SPEAKER. Preparatory to taking action, j
The Clerk then read the third amendment of |
i the Senate, as follows:
"flue. 2 Be if further enactcd ^ That the compensa- I
tion of the prole,-^orsof Fiench and drawing be made equal !
to that ol' the profe-^ors in the other dcp.utments and the |
compensation of the master of the .sword be $1,200 per i
annum "
TheSPEAKER. TheCommitteeof the Whole
on the state of the Union propose to strike out
the following words: " Professors of French and
drawing be made equal to that of the professors
in the other departments, and the compensation
of the;" so that it will read:
" Sfc. 2. Jlnd he il further enacted, That the compensa-
tion of the master of the sword be «$ 1,200 per annum."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that I demand
the yeas and nays. j'
The yeas and nays were not ordered. ■'
Mr. BENSON. [ ask for tellers. ,j
Tellers were ordered; and Mesfers. Smitii, of!'
Virginia, and Ciiurciiwell, were appointed. I
The question was then taken; and the tellers I'
reported—ayes 79, noes 42. j
So the amendment was agreed to. |
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA. ,
Mr. HASTINGS. I ask the indulgence of i
the House one moment. I am under the neces- ,
sity of leaving the city for a few days. Before 1
doing so, I was very desirous of giving my views
briefly upon the territorial bills now under con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on the i
state of the Union; and I ask that the House will i
now allow me theprivilegeofprinting my remarks j
with the proceedings of the House. ,
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, 1
that privilege will be granted to the gentleman 1
fi om New York.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed!" from all parts !
of the House.] i
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments read were agreed to; >
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman cannot move
to reconsider all the votes upon the different 1
amendments togethei.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move to reconsider the ;
vote by which the last Senate amendment was ,
concurred in; and also to lay the motion to recon- ,
sider upon the table. i
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HENN. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
[Cues of " No !"" No !" from all parts of the
Hall.]
Mr. HENN. I withdraw it, as it seems to be
the wish of the House.
Mr. PECKHAM. I believe the question has
not been taken upon the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary, as
the bill passed the House upon a former occasion;
and the only question for the House was upon
agreeing or disagreeing to the Senate amendments.
That has been disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was themotion of
the gentleman from New York | Mr. Dean] to
reconsider confined to only one amendment?
The SPEAKER. It was; and that motion was
laid upon the table. The Chair stated to the gen-
tleman from New York that he could not group
all the amendments together in a motion to recon-
sider. He made but one motion, and that was ill
reference to the last vote.
Mr. SMITH. And that does not dispose of
the other amendments?
The SPEAKER. He submitted no motion in
regard to the other amendments.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is that motion in order
now?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House adopted the amend-
ment last but one.
Mr. DEAN. Is that in reference to the riding
hall?
Mr. PECKHAM. It is.
Mr. LYON. Upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. EASTMAN. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were, upon
a division—ayes 53, noes 63; no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll I" " Call the roll !,r]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present by counting
the House.
Mr. PECKHAM. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. LYON. 1 renew it.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman cannot
withdraw the motion now. A question has been
taken since he made the motion.
The SPEAKER. But no quorum voted upon
the question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. It is, that the gentleman cannot with-
draw his motion when business has been tians-
acted since he made the motion.
The SPEAKER. It is perfectly competent,
under the rules, for the gentleman to control his
own motion until action is had upon it. A ques-
tion put, upon which no quorum votes, is no ac-
tion upon it. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Lyon] renews the motion. The Chair would
inquire whether the gentleman voted in the ma-
jority ?
Mr. LYON. I did not vote at all.
The SPEAKER. By the rules of the House,
when the yeas and nays have been demanded and
taken, some gentleman only who voted in the ma-
jority is entitled to move to reconsider the vote.
When a vote has been taken, upon which the
| yeas and nays were not called, any gentleman can
! move to reconsider, because there is no convenient
; test by which to determine how members voted*
| The Clerk will read the 56th rule, which governs
t in such cases.
i The rule was read, as follows:
! "When a motion has been once made, and earned in
tliu affirmative or negative, it shall be in order toi any
, member of the majority to move tor the reconsideration
; thereof on the same or succeeding day," See.
j Mr. SMITH. The object of my inquiry waa
: this: The motion was made,and the yeas and nays
were ordered upon it 
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman will ob-
serve that there was only a preparation to take a
vote. It was not action upon the part of the
j House—it was only preparation for action.
; Mr. SMITH. But the yeas and nays were not
i only ordered, but the Clerk had proceeded to call
the name of at least one member.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
governing the case.
