1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
The Clerk then read the 45th rule, which is as
follows:
" After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the
Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in the possession of the
House, but may be withdrawn at any time before a decision
or amendment."
The SPEAKER. Under that rule the Chair
decides the gentleman has the Tight to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question, was taken-, and the motion agreed
to, and
Thereupon, at ten minutes past three o'clock,
th-e House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, JlpHl 21, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting estimates of $25,000 for construction of
cistern for marine hospital at San Francisco; and
of $44,000 for the removal of earth around said
hospital.
Also, transmitting copies of letters from the
collector of the port of San Francisco, and from
the contractor for building said marine hospital,
in reference to a claim of said contractor for dam-
ages incurred by him in consequence of the failure
of the Government to procure a site.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a long communica-
tion. It relates to a subject which is before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and is not before any standing committee of the
House. I move, therefore, that without reading,
it be laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of th-e House to offer a resolution,
which 1 send to the Clerk's desk and ask to haee
read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire whether it be not expedient that one
copy of each work belonging to the Library be constantly
retained therein. Also, whether books taken from the
library should not be required to be returned within a
definite time, to be fixed by the rules regulating the Libr.iry.
Mr. CLINGMAN- That is the rule now.
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir; but is not put in
force.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection to
the introduction of the resolution, the question will
be on its adoption.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the Hout>e of the petitions of citizens (if Cocke
and Sevier counties, Tennessee, for a mail route from New-
port to Scverevillc, in said State, for the purpose of a refer-
ence to the Post Office Department.
On motion by Mr. ROGERS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole House be
dischaiged from the further consideration of the resolution
to refer the petition of Isaac S. Bowman, son and executor
of Isaac Bowman, deceased, to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior for liquidation under the act of July 5, 1632; and that
the same fee referred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims.
ANESTHESIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 210, entitled 44 An act to recompense the
discovery of practical anesthesia."
Mr. HAMILTON, f move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims. If the House
were full, I would move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BISSELL. If I were permitted, I would
make a statement in regard to the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How does the bill get in?
Is it before us regularly?
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
and the Chair, conceiving it to be a private biil, laid
it before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no desire to throw
obstacles in the way of its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is on the floor, and entitled to it.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. BISSELL. I rose for the purpose of
moving that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. That was the committee in
whose charge the bill was in the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON. I did not yield, Mr. Speak-
er, for the gentleman to move a reference of the
bill different from that I proposed. I yielded
merely for explanation.
Mr. LETCHER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, I would say a word.
{ hope that tke bill will not be sent to the Com-
mittee of Claims. I do not consider it a claim at
all. Let it go to some other committee of this
House—the Committee of Ways and Means, or
some other commtttee.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope that the bill may
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I will say that the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate had this subject under consideration,
and that the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House, during the last Congress, also had it under
consideration. Ifitbesent to the Commtttee of
Claims, there is no possible chance of its ever
being considered by that committee. They know
nothing about the case, and they do not want to
know anything. The Committee on Military
Affairs have had !he subject once in their charge,
and I think it should be now referred to them for
investigation.
Mr. LETCHER. I will make a proposition.
We have about a dozen doctors in the House,
and I propose to organize them into a committee
and give them the charge of this matter. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BISSELL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, I will say a word. I
only want to give a single reason which occurs to
me why the bill should be leterred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. Those who have looked
into this matter at all, and who have noticed the
memorial which was presented to the Senate, are
aware that the petitioner claims something for the
reason that this article is used extensively in the
Army in the mode discovered or invented by him.
I believe the whole claim is based on the fact that
the invention, or rather the discovery of the me-
morialist, whoever he may be,is used extensively
in the Army of the United States. I can, there-
fore, think of no committee to which it could be
so appropriately referred as to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to say a few
words in reference to this matter. I have so much
confidence in the Committee of Claims, that 1
should prefer that this bill should be referred to it.
I do not mean anything disparaging to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for I have the highest
confidence in it also; but I think the subject appro-
priately belongs to the other commtttee.
This is a private claim. It isostensibly brought
before the House on theground that it benefits the
Army and Navy; but that is not the true design
of the bill. The bill proposes, after awaking i
$100,000 to the gentlemen claiming to have made
this discovery, to throw it open for the use of the
whole people of the United States. It is, there-
fore, for the benefit of the people; and the Com-
mittee of Claims as well represents the people as
the Committee on Military Affairs does. If the
views of the honorable gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. are correct, there is quite as much
reason for referring it to the Naval Committee as
to the Military Committee. It is intended for the
benefit of the whole people of the United States,
and I have great confidence in the Committee of
Claims that it will fairly and honestly represent
the people of the United States.
What is this proposition? We have an idea of
what it is. We had it here in this House once
before, and we summarily excluded it from con- j
sideration, and much less from approval. Tt is a
proposition to pay $100,000 to six gentlemen, or
to the one of them to whom the circuit court of
the United States for the northern district of New j
York shall determine to be the discoverer of this
anaesthetic agent. These claimants, Messrs.
Morton, Jackson, Nicholson, Weils, and^ others,
are scattered over the whole country. There is
to be a bill of interpleader filed in the circuit court
of the northern district of New York. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to be the complainant as
the trustee of this fund, and these gentlemen are ,
to be the defendants. They are to get together j
their witnesses and counsel there from all sections I
of the Union, and to litigate this matter to their
satisfaction, and then this money is to be awarded
to them, or to one of them, and the Government
is to pay the costs of that adjudication. J would
infinitely prefer that either of the committees of
this House should at once decide the question, and
give the money, whether right or wrong; for it
would be a saving to the country. And when all
this is done, then the people of the United States
are to have the free use of this anaesthetic agent.
If either of these gentlemen has a right to this
agent as the original discoverer, let him maintain
that right under the patent laws of the United
States. I therefore hope that the bill will be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. I know that
committee will give the case that consideration it
deserves; and upon the motion so to refer it I
demand the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidnet
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had signed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
H. R. No. 53. An act for the reliefof the legal
representatives of Isaac P. Simonton.
H. R. No. 180. An act for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Edwards.
H. R. No. 204. An act establishing a land
office in the lower peninsula of Michigan.
H. R. No. 237. An act for the relief of Mary
Deany, widow of the late Lieutenant James A.
Deany.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the state oftthe
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] moves to refer the bill to
the Committee of Claims, and demands the pre-
vious question upon it. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] moves to lay the bill upon the
table, and demands the yeas and nays upon that
proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his motion, and allow the
bill to go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES. I cannot withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 82, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Belcher, Benton. Bridges, Brooks, Bugg, Carpenter,
Clubman, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox, Craige,
Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dent,
Drum, Eddy, Edgerton, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English,
Giddings, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, liibbard, Hiester,
Hughes, Jngcrsoll, Daniel T. Jones, feeorge VV. Jones,
Roland Jones, Kidwcll, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, Leteher,
Lilly, Lmdsley, McNair, Mace, Maurice, Maxwell, May,
Middleswarth, Millson, Murray, Parker, Pheipa, Powell,
Pratt, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas Hitchey, Robbing,
Ruffin, Seward, Shannon, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, Wil-
liam Smith. George W. Smyth, Stratton, Andrew Stuart,
John J.Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tlmmnn, Trout,
Vail, Vansant, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbume, Witte, and
Daniel B. Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Banks, Benson, Bissell,Caa-
kie, Chandler, Cook. Crocker, Dawson, Dean, Dunbar,
Eastman, Kdmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheridge, Farley,
Faulkner, franklin, Aaron Harlan, Henn, llewe, Hunt,
Km, Kittredge, bniith Miller, Perkham, Phillips, Ready,
Riddle, Rogers, Sapp, Shower, William R. Smith, Richard
H. Stanton, Straub, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Tracy,
Upham, Wade, Walley, Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappan
Wentvvorth, Wheeler, and ZolUcoff«r—46.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill,was laid upon the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw that motion for a single
moment. .
Mr. JONES. It would not be debatable m any
Mr. BISSELL. It seems hardly respectful to
lay a Senate bill upon the table without giving it
the slightest consideration.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
SENATE BILL.
The following bill upon the Speaker's table was
then taken up, read a first and second time by
its title, and referred as indicated below:
An act for the relief of James Jeffries and Jere-
miah M. Smith. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER then announced that reports
