1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mh
under the direction of the same Speaker who now
occupies the chair.
Well, what did they ask.' They all asked one
thing, and that was, that the Congress of the
United States should declare the Wheeling bridge
a post route. Was that what they wanted in
fact? Not at all. They wanted to legalize the
structure of the Wheeling bridge. It was purely
a judicial question. But it had been referred,
under the rules of the House, to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and that commit-
tee, it is true, reported a bill declaring the Wheel-
ing bridge a post route, although you had a post
route already in existence from Washington to
Columbus, Ohio, passing over this bridge. But
in so doing they declared that bridge a legal struc-
* ture. It involved a legal question—a decision of
the Supreme Court.
Well, when the report of that committee was
introduced into this House, the question was
raised how the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads had come into possession of that
question, as it wa? purely a judicial question, and
more properly belonged to the Committee on the
Judiciary, The Chair decided that, inasmuch as
the subject was referred to that committee, through
the memorials, they had the right to take cogni-
zance of that subject-matter.
Now, here is a memorial sent to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. That the
House may fully understand the matter, I will
send it to the Clerk that it may be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the me-
morial, but was interrupted by
Mr. HUNT. I have not been able to hear very
well what has been going on; but I understand
there is something wrong in the mode in which the
business of the House has been transacted. I
understand that it is now proposed to bring up
certain matters that look for an appropriation of
land, and to put those matters before the House
irregularly, which, according to my view of par-
liamentary law, is an abuse of the parliamentary
law of this House. For instance, the committees
of this House have proper duties assigned to them.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
have the floor. I ask that the memorial may be
read.
The memorial was read, and is as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Repretentatives
of the United States:
The undersigned, citizens of the States of Indiana, Illi-
nois,'and Iowa, respectfully ask your honoiable body to
pass a law establishing a mail route by railroad, from Fort
Wayne, Indiana, via Leon and New Boston, in Illinois,
Westfleld and Washington, in Iowa, to the city of Council
Bluffs, in said State. That to facilitate the construction of
said road, and the establishment of said route, and to
secure the speedy and safe transportation of the mails and
troops of the United States upon the same, theie be granted
to the States through which the same may pass, alternate
sections of lands, in the same manner that grants have
heretofore been made to the State of Illinois, and other
States, upon such terms and conditions as Congress may
direct.
Mr. OLDS. Now, Mr. Speaker, the point I
wish to make is this: that in that memorial there
were matters belonging appropriately to the Post
Office Committee. Now, sir, although it may
also contain matters appropriately belonging to
another committee, yet I hold that the Post Office
Committee had the right to act upon it.
Mr. PECKHAM. Will the gentleman tell me
when that memorial was referred to this com-
mittee?
Mr. OLDS. Three or four days ago.
Mr. PECKHAM. Was it not yesterday ?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio if this railroad matter has not been be-
fore the Committee on Public Lands; whether
they had not agreed to report a bill, but transferred
the matter to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, for the purpose of getting it before
the House at an earlier day?
Mr. OLDS. I can answer the gentleman so far
as the facts are concerned; but I cannot answer
him so far as the inference is concerned. I under-
stand that this matter has been before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that they have agreed
to report a bill. But I do not understand that
when the Committee on Public Lands, in their
turn, ceased to occupy the floor, there was any
understanding between that committee and the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads by
which matters before one committee were to be
transferred to the other committee. I do notknow
that there was any such understanding between
any members of the two committees. So far as
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads is concerned, 1 can speak certainly,
and I say there was no such understanding.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not assert that there
was any such understanding between the two
committees.
Mr. OLDS. Well, I assert that there was not.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not pretend to gainsay
the gentleman at all. But I ask him if it was not
true that this petition had been sent to the Post
Office Committee within the last two or three days,
for the purpose of allowing that committee to un-
dertake to report a railroad bill?
Mr. OLDS. That is the very point I was en-
deavoring to illustrate. I had the memorial read
that I might illustrate it.
Mr. HASTINGS. I should like to have the
names signed to that petition read. The memo-
rial has been got up in this city.
They were read,as follows: John Bell,Thomas
Tiger, Silas Ramsey.
Mr. LETCHER. One other question and I
shall not further embarrass the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of New York. What is the date
of the memorial?
The Clerk. July 17th, 1854.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia?
Mr. OLDS. I am willing to answer all ques-
tions put to me.
Mr. LETCHER. What I wish to inquire is
this: Has the chairman of the committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, or any other member
of that committee, notified beforehand that such a
memorial would be presented ?
Mr. OLDS. I can only answer for myself. I
did have notice that a matter of that kind would
be presented to the committee. Is the gentleman
satisfied ?
Mr. LETCHER. That will do.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. MILLSON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman what evidence, what documents and papers,
were before the committee, and whether notice j
was given to the committee of the purpose to con- J
sider these various applications ?
Mr. OLDS. 1 am happy to find, Mr. Speaker,
that the Virginia members on this question are
coming up on one side of it; and I want to put
the question directly home to them; 1 want to
know how it was that they, at the last session of
Congress, voted to sustain a report from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads legaliz-
ing the Wheeling bridge structure? That was a
purely judicial question. Virginia was a unit
then, and raised her voice on the other side—and
i why? Because the Wheeling bridge was within
the State of Virginia. It was a question affecting
the interests of Virginia. And although I would
| not assail that State—for I have stood by her on !
j all occasions—yet it does seem strange to me that J
I she should so earnestly oppose the reference to
] the Post Office Committee of a proposition to make
| a post route through the States of Indiana, Illinois,
and Iowa, couched in precisely the same language
! used in the memorial in reference to making a post
route of the Wheeling bridge, wheie a post route
already existed. 1 ask why it was that the gen-
tlemen from Virginia did not rise on that occasion
and say that it was the duty of the Speaker of the
House to order that the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads should be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will beg the gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield to him a moment. It
( will be recollected by the gentleman and the House,
j that the Chair did not undertake to decme that he
j had the power to withdraw papers from commit-
tees and give them different reference/
Mr. OLDS. I did not so understand the Chair
at all. y
The SPEAKER. Papers are referred under
the rule. The Chair stated that, by the rale, it
was made his duty to see that proper reference
was made of papers. Every gentleman will at
once see that it is scarcely possible for the Chair
to look at each and every paper presented during
the session, and also attend, to his other duties. ,
His attention, at all events, was not called to this,
matter. •
Mr. OLDS. That is the point, and I was going"
on to say that the Chair acted correctly throughout.
The SPEAKER. The papersswere referred,
but they were not referred in open House by vote,
of the House, and cannot therefore be brought
back here by a motion to reconsider. Under the
circumstances, however, the Chair holds that itifl;
proper in him to receive the motion which has
been submitted by the gentleman from New York, .
for the withdrawal of these papers, or rather that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
be discharged from their further consideration, in
order that they may be referred to another com-
mittee.
The Chair has made this statement that each
member might know what was exactly before the
body. He thinks, under the circumstances, that
the committee may be discharged from the farther
consideration of the papers, in order to give the
House an opportunity to give them the direction
which seems to it most proper. The Chair thought
some gentlemen did not understand the question
before the House.
Mr. OLDS. I did not at all complain of the
course pursued by"the Chair. I think that the
Chair has been perfectly fair. What I desired to
illustrate, was what the parliamentary courtesy of
the House should be in a case of this kind. Now,
if a matter referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads contains a proposition prop-
erly belonging to that committee, have not they
cognizance of it? And will anybody now under-
take to deny that this memorial does not contain -
such a proposition, although it may also contain
propositions which do not belong to that commit-
tee? g,
What should be the course which the House
should pursue in regard to this matter ? If the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads at-
tempt to report to this House upon any matter
which the House itself shall not deem as belong-
ing appropriately to that committee, then wilFbe
the time for the House to check the committee.
If the memorial contains matter that does belong
to that committee, so much of that memorial
should be left in the hands of the committee.
Does the House suffer any detriment in pursuing
a course of this kind? Not at all. You are not
withholding from the Land Committee business
which properly belongs to that committee, be-
cause you have hundreds of these petitions, and
they are legitimately referred to that committee
also. The House suffers no injury by permitting
these memorials to remain in the hands of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, so
long as they contain matter legitimately belonging'
to that committee; and it will be time for the House
to act, and act understandingly and courteously,
when the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads shall undertake to make a report based
upon memorials referred to them that do not legit-
imately belong to them.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds,] without answering the inquiry put to
him just now, has alluded to the course of the
Virginia delegation in reference to the Wheeling
bridge bill. 1 should like to ask the gentleman from
Ohio if he thinks there was anything wrong in the
course of the Virginia delegation in regard to that
bill ?
Mr. OLDS. I will answer the gentleman with
great pleasure, by saying that I think their course
was entirely right, fair, and honorable.
Mr. MILLSON. If the course of the Virginia
delegation was right in the Wheeling bridge case,
I shall not, until their course is impugned, under-
take to defend it. Then the question recurs to
the inquiry I first put to the gentleman from-Ohio,
and that is, whether there were any papers and
documents before the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads sustaining this memorial,
dated the 17th of July; and if so, whether there
was any special notice given to the members of
the committee that the subject contained in the
memorial would be investigated by that com-
mittee.
Mr. OLDS. I will answer the gentleman
frankly. The reason why I have referred to
Virginia upon this occasion, is, that with me Vir-
ginia is good authority. I have been taught to
live and move and breathe under the resolutions
