1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I8S&
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
could report.
The question then is simply this: Shall the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads be
allowed to have jurisdiction over this matter, or
not ? 1 will not go into an argument upon the pro-
priety of giving them that jurisdiction, because
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] has already
discussed the matter fully. If, under-the rules
of the House, this matter may properly go to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is
anybody cheated because the matter is presented
by that committee? Is anybody cheated because
the committee have properly assumed jurisdiction
over this matter, when the Committee on Public
Lands might also have assumed jurisdiction over
it?
Let me say here,'%hat I believe it is competent
for the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to report this bill, notwithstanding the fact
that it has been considered in the Committee on
Public Lands, and notwithstanding the fact that
they may now be ready to report a bill. But,
sir, I will not detain the House longer. I merely
rose to state to the House what my motives were
in the course I have pursued in this matter.
Mr. OLDS resumed the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask my colleague to al-
low me to say a word by way of explanation.
Mr. OLDS. I have but a word to say, and
will yield the floor in a moment. It appears to
me that this House has raised a tempest in a tea-
pot in reference to this matter. Why, every gen-
tleman knows that memorials of this kind are
every day referred to the different committees of
the House. Sir, is there any fraud perpetrated
upon the House? I appeal to the members of the
House if, during the time I have held a seat upon
this floor, I have ever attempted to perpetrate a
fraud upon the House? No, sir; I have been
open and frank in all my dealings, and I shall be
so now.
The question before us is simply this: Does
the memorial contain matter that properly comes
within the jurisdiction of theCommittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads? Not, does it contain
matter that does not belong to that committee.
Why, sir, memorials are referred here every day
that contain matter belonging to more than one
committee. Your President's annual messages
always contain matter belonging to different com-
mittees, and are referred, one portion to one com-
mittee, and another portion to another committee.
Weil, suppose the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads will do what it has never yet done,
and what this House has never censured it for,
viz: report on matters not referred to it—it will be
tune enough then to raise this question; it will
be time enough to pass censure on that commit-
tee when it undertakes to pursue such a course.
When that report comes m is the time to raise
the question. When that committee reports a
railroad bill is the time for gentlemen to come
in with their propositions. The present is not
the time. Let gentlemen wait and see what
will be the action of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads on these memorials, it has
been seen and admitted that they contain matters
properly belonging to that committee. I only
ask the House to take that course which seems
to be parliamentary. Wait for the action of that
committee. If it undertakes to report what does
not properly belong to it, then let this House do
what is done every day, and discharge the com-
mittee, and make a refeience to another committee.
There is no fraud on the House, none in any
way. These memorials all contain prayers for
mail routes. Under the rule of the House, they
were referred to the committee to which they
properly belong.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With my colleague's per-
mission, I shall occupy a moment of the time of
the House. I rise for the purpose of saying that
I filed one of these memorials, and gave it the ref-
erence complained of I did it openly before the
House, as I do everything else. I presented them
in the same way that I have presented others.
Now I assert, with due deference to the Chair,
and others, that the reference is correct. The
memorials embody these distinct propositions:
L That there vshali be a mail route declared;
2. That terms shall be imposed by which the
mail transportation shall be forever regulated on
the road;
3. That our troops and munitions of war shall
be transported on the road; and
4. That there shall be a grant of the public
lands.
Now, sir, my position is this: That memorial
was properly referable, under the rules of the
House, to either of three of the standing com-
mittees:
1. The Committee on the Public Lands; because
it involved the grant of a portion of the public
domain.
2. To the Committee on Military Affairs; be-
cause it proposed the transportation of our troops
and munitions of war; and
3. To the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; because it not only proposed the es-
tablishment of a mail route, but declared that this
company shall be forever required to transport the
mails of the United States on such terms as Con-
gress may impose.
And it is no small consideration, and a matter
of no little importance to the people of this coun-
try, that the mails of the United States shall be for-
ever transported on that road on such terms as
Congress may impose, and why?
Let me refer the House, Mr. Speaker, in con-
nection with the importance of this proposition,
to the condition of things now existing in refer-
ence to'the mail service between this point and
the city of New York. You have a railroad be-
tween these two points, and a railroad which is
in the hands of a company that refuses—yes, sir,
refuses—to transport your mails under contract. It
only binds itself from day to day; and we have
information beforeus from thePost Office Depart- i
ment, that although it pays that company higher ,
rates for the transportation of the mails than it |
does to any other company in the United States, j
yet it will not enter into a contract to transport
them for a year.
I hold that the memorial embodying this import- ;
ant provision, that the company will obligate [
themselves to transport the mails forever, upon i
such terms as may be imposed by Congress, is ■
one of sufficient magnitude to carry the memorial !
as well to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads as to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 will say again, that I hold that the proposition
that this company shall be required to transport
to that far distant frontier troops and munitions of
war, would have entitled it to consideiation before
the Military Committee.
In the present condition of things in this House,
knowing that the people of the West were deeply
interested in those internal improvements, I saw
fit to make my election of the committee to which
I should send the memorial. I had a right to make
my election. I did make it, and I sent the memo-
rial to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. If there is any sin m it, 1 lise for the pur-
pose of taking my share of the responsibility in
presenting a memorial embracing these three im-
portant propositions. I chose to send it to that
committee, and it has taken that direction.
Mr. HUNT. There is nothingabout this mat-
ter for the smartness of debate to expend itself on,
nothing about which gentlemen should twit one
another to show their wit in controversy. It, is a
plain matter of parliamentary law and usage.
Sir, I was asked to sign a petition to bring be-
fore the Post Office Committee a matter which had .
been referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
asking an appropriation of lands for certain rail-
roads to be constructed in Louisiana. I declined ,
signing that petition, because I thought the pro-
posed action was indirect and irregular, for it was
openly and candidly avowed by my colleague that
he wanted the question in regard to the appropri-
ation of lands to be made through the report of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
This did not appear to me to be regular. My
colleague said the responsibility would rest upon
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I said, no, sir, because the proceedings looked to
a referenc^which is through the clerk who files it,
and passes the paper to the committee. I said if
the object were avowed to this House, that the
matter concerning a grant of land, was to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Tost Office and
Post Roads, the House would suy it was not the
appropriate committee, and that it appeared to
me it\vgfluid be taking the House by surprise,
ami bnmgmg up irregularly a mailer which could
not be brought up if the House knew the objeafe I
Each committee-has its appropriate business; its •
fixed and specific duties under the ""rules.- A ref-
erence through the clerk to a committee,standi on
the same footing as a reference to a eommitteeby
order of the House. It must b^-a' reference of3
appropriate matter; of business iMbg "within the1
prescribed and well understood duties of the com-
mittee. The reference through the cleric is al-
lowed for the purpose of facilitating arid expedit-
ing business, and the presumption is that no ref-
erence will be made of inappropriate matter. To
refer inappropriate matter is irregular and unpar-
liamentary. It tends to confound business; to do
away with a proper investigation and considera-
tion of the particular subjects committed to the
several committees; to open the door to favoritism
and undue preference; to put it in the power of
one committee to engross to itself the entire busi-
ness of tha House.
It is not enough to say that there is no fraud m
the matter, because these things are to be spoken
of hereafter, to be weighed, discussed, and acted
upon. But the question concerns the reference
of the memorial in the first instance. It is as to
the regularity and propriety of the reference; and
the responsibility in this case rests upon him who
makes the reference through the clerk. Is it nofc
so, sir? And hence it is, Mr. Speaker, that
you have defended yourself, and said that, under
the arduous duties of your office, you could not
look over all these petitions, and see them prop-
erly referred. Now, I am as anxious as any
member of this House to have these questions of
appropriations of land for railroad purposes acted
upon. But I will not lend my sanction to any
indirect, irregular, and unparliamentary course to
effect that which I desire. 1 know that, if the
particular measure in which 1 take a local interest
were before the House, the House would not re-
fuse its sanction to it. I make no charge of fraud"
upon honorable gentlemen around me. Gentle-
men say that this matter is not the business of the
committee to which it has been referred.
Sir, a petition having several objects, may be
referred to a committee having jurisdiction clearly
as to one of them; and in that csgse the committee-
would make a proper report, according to its con-
science and judgment, as to the objects not within
their appropriate jurisdiction. And thus f do not
say, that if the real bona fide object of the peti-
tion referred to the Post Office Committee, is to
fix a post, route, the committee may not properly
charge itself with the petition, although the peti-
tion may look at the same time to other objects.
But I do say, that where there is no road in ex-
istence, a reference, under a fiction, for the pur-
pose of bringing before the House, another ob-
ject—such as a grant of lands for a railroad—is
irregular and unparliamentary and wholly inad-
missible.
A motion was made the other day to suspend .
the rules, in order that a bill granting lands for a
Railroad might be taken up. A friend of internal
improvements, I voted to suspend the rules. But
the gentlemen were foiled in that case, and now
they resort, in their desperation, to this mode of
effecting their object. It was only the other day
—on the 17th—that the petition before the House
was referred to the Post Office Committee. This
fact, m itself, shows the character of the present
proceeding.
Mr. HENN. I wish to correct the gentleman
! from Louisiana.
| Mr. HUNT. I derived my information from
! the Clerk of the House.
] Mr. HENN. Will the gentleman allow me to
; explain ?
' Mr. HUNT. Certainly, sir. I speak only for
I the public ffood.
! Mr. HENN. My motion the other day to sus-
! pend the rules was not for the purpose of intro
i ducing the present bill, but another bill, asking for
I lands in Iowa for a railroad.
| Mr. HUNT. Well, then, it was for the estab-
i lishment of a road which conflicts with this one.
| This shows how these things are. Here one
' company from Indiana,Illinois,and Iowa, areask-
! ing for the establishment of a post routs over lands
in Iowa, which an Iowa company is praying you
to grant to tnem, for a railroad m their State. Do
you not see in these facts the benefit of having
1 every matte'" refened to lU appropriate commi{tee?
. Now, in what i have spoken, I may, perhaps,
! subject myself to injurious remark* from the.
