1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
changed at all, it must be by the order of the
House.
Mr. HAMILTON. What is the point ?
The SPEAKER. Itiswith regard to the entry
upon the Journal of the demand made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. It will go in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. When the yeas and nays
are not ordered, the demand for them is never
entered on the Journal. The gentleman from
Tennessee desires that it shall be.
The Chair would state, that if the practice in
this respect be changed, it must be done by a vote
of the House. The object of the gentleman from
Tennessee may be reached, when the Journal
shall be read on Monday morning, if the House
adjourns until Monday.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire simply to
ask my colleague, if it would not satisfy him to
have his motion published in the Globe without
• mutilating the Journal?
The question was then taken on Mr. Hiester's
motion; and it was decided in the affiimative.
So the House agreed that .when it adjourns,itbe
until Monday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Arkansas withdraws his objection to having
the bill read, and as there is a general desire to
have it read, I hope that the Clerk will now be
allowed to read the bill.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
The demand for the previous question was not
seconded.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
referring the bill to the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The question wa3 then taken; and a division
being had, there were—ayes 55; noes not counted.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. That motion would take
precedence of the motion to commit ihe bill, but
it cannot be entertained during the pendency of
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. JJutthe House have
refused to second the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. That is very true; there was
110 second. The motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Edger.tonJ would now be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 would inquire of the Chair,
if it is in order to submit amotion to postpone the
onsideration of this matter until next Wednesday ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order, if the House should vote down the several
pending propositions to refer.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] will allow me, I will say to him
that if he will promise to take charge of the bill, I
will not object so strongly to the motion which he
has indicated; but I must state to the House, that
1 have only been waiting in this city, in bad health,
in order to get this matter disposed of. I shall
soon be compelled to leave for theWest,and when
I shall return I cannot tell.
Mr. LETCHER. I am willing, for the pur-
pose of accommodating the gentleman, to fix upon
any day of postponement which will meet the
wishes of the gentleman.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow this matter to proceed now. The
gentleman from Kentucky informs us that he is
only waiting in this city for the purpose of dispos-
ing of this bill. He tells us he has thoroughly
examined it, and that the parties have suffered on
account of a wrong advertisement on the part of
the Government officers. It is said that the parties
have acted in good faith; and are we to hold those
men, like Shylock, to the pound of flesh, when
they are not in fault'
The SPEAKER, (interrupting ) The Chair
would remind the gentleman that debate is not in
order upon the proposition to postpone.
Mr. HUNT. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to proceed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not ni order.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is then in order.
Mr. SAGE. I hope the motion to recommit
this bill, or the motion to postpone, will prevail.
There is no disposition upon the part of any mem-
ber, I presume, to delay action upon it from any
captious motive. The objection seems to be that
if we act upon it now, it would be establishing the
precedent of acting upon a bill without a report,
and without investigation, but upon the recom-
mendation of an individual member. We all have
equal rights here, and I have bills in my posses-
sion which I am interested in getting through, but
I take it for granted that this House is not ready
to allow these bills to be put upon their passage
without a report and examination. If it will meet
the wishes of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Ewinc,] I will move that the further consideration
of this matter bepostponed until next Wednesday.
Mr. HUNT. I would consent to the motion
of the gentleman from New York, if I could see
any good reason for postponing action. But I
can see none whatever. The gentleman from
Kentucky says the Senate have twice acted upon
this matter, and that he desires to have it dis-
posed of now.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair
desires to ask the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sage] if he submitted a motion to postpone,
or only suggested such a motion?
Mr. SAGE. I submitted the motion. We shall
then have the report before us.
The SPEAKER. Then that motion cuts off
debate, and the remarks of the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] are not in order.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the gentleman from New
York to withdraw his motion.
Mr.SAGE. 1 will,if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HUNT. I will.
Mr. SAGE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HUNT. I am acting altogether in courtesy
in this matter, and upon principles of justice. We
have heard the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sage] advert to precedent. The first of all pre-
cedents is justice. Here is a measure of relief
called for by individuals who have suffered by con-
tracting for a route twice as long as was adver-
tised by the Postmaster General. Now they come
before the House in perfect good faith and with
clean hands. We have proof that they acted in
good faith, and that thePostmaster General deluded
them.
Now one gentleman asks, suppose the mistake
was upon the other side? When that question re-
curs it will be time enough to act upon it. Here
is a gentleman of honor who has investigated the
case, and he refers also to the Senate reports. The
gentleman says he cannot be here on next Wed-
nesday. If there were any motive for postpone-
ment; if there were any doubt of the correctness
of the statements in the reports of the Senate; if
it were alleged that they were made in error, it
would be reasonable and just that there should be
a postponement. It appears to me, under the cir-
cumstances, that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Ewing] ought to be gratified in his reason-
able desire, and that this matter, which he has
thoroughly examined, ought to be disposed of
now.
In accordance with my promise, 1 now renew
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until Wednesday next.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to state to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky 
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman is not in order.
I return the gentleman's courtesy to me.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to postpone; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would state to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that I have no hostility to
his bill. 1 wish to give it a fair and candid con-
sideration; and it was only for that purpose that I
made the motion which I made.
I will say, however, to the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Hunt,] that when he has read as
many Senate reports as perhaps I have, he will
become satisfied that it is not the best evidence in
the world that a bill ought to pass because a fa-
vorable report has been made upon it in the Senate,
or because it has once 01* twice passed that body.
I will state to the gentleman from Kentucky, that
if this bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, next Friday is objection day; and
if it is one of those cases which are as clear as the
gentleman states it is, its justice will be manifest
upon reading the report, and it will be passed
without difficulty. If, however, it should be ob-
jected to. it will lie over until it can come up and be
discussed there. It is not defeating a bill by refer-
ring it to the Committee of the Whole House; but,
on the contrary, in my opinion, it is the best
method of passing it.
Mr. EWING. I have not been disposed, and
am not disposed, to press this matter upon the
House against their wishes. I appealed to the
courtesy of the House, not with a view of estab-
lishing a precedent for ordinary cases, but hoping
that by an explanation of the peculiar circum-
stances connected with this case the House would
allow the bill to be disposed of at once. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sage,] how-
ever, seems to place it simply upon the ground of
ordinary transactions. Sir, 1 wish very much
I could establish ill this House a precedent for
courtesy. I know of no precedent that would be
more useful, save more time, 01- contribute more
to secure justice to those having honest claims
against the Government of the United States. But
I despair of being able to establish a precedent
which would be of sufficient force to reach the
sense of propriety of the gentleman from New
York. I say I despair of such a result; for I have
discovered that when the great body of the House
seem disposed to recognize the peculiarity of the
circumstances attending this case, a few«member«
like the gentleman from New York seem die-
posed to throw insurmountable obstacles in the
way of accomplishing what is the obvious wish
of the great majority of the House.
As to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
I have served the little time I have been in thin
House to but little purpose, if jt has not taught
me what is the effect of such motions. I presume
even the new members of the House would need
110 explanation to be able to ascertain what is the
effect, not to say anything of the object, of such
motions. 1 can say nothing of the motive of the
gentleman—nothing of his object; 1 leave that for
the conjecture of others. The effect, however, 1
cannot misunderstand.
! will say to the House, however, that, not
wishing to press this matter at present, if there be
objection, 1 will consent to the motion to post-
pone its further consideration until some day next
week, although it will result in keeping me in the
city until that time, and subject me to very much
inconvenience in consequence. I ask that as early
a day may be fixed as possible. I would suggest
Tuesday; and 1 hope in the mfean time the ob-
jectors of the bill will examine the subject fairly,
and ascertain whether there are objections that
are insurmountable against its passage.
The SPEAKER. There is also postponed to
next Tuesday the consideration of another report
from one of the standing committees, and it would
take precedence of the bill before the House in the
morning hour, being of the same character of
business. '
Mr. EWING. Attherequestoffriendsaround
me, I would move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. SAGE. I would ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. EWING. 1 will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. SAGE. 1 will. The gentleman seemed
to throw some reflection on my want of courtesy
here, when I distinctly stated, in making the mo-
tion 1 did, that I did not intend to be discourteous.
There has not been a single instance since the
commencement of this session, where this House
has passed a bill without having the report of the
committee before it. It was for that reason I ob-
jected to having the bill under consideration passed
at this time. On examination, I stated that I had
no doubt I would vote for the claim. I do not
think I can be charged, in good grace, with want
of courtesy, when I stated the reasons which actu-
ated me. That is all I have to say. I now renew
the motion that the further consideration of the bill
be postponed until Monday next.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone; and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the bill is post-
poned until Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. EDGERTON. I now move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the ^Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
