256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26.
account. But, by the ex.sUng patent laws, you
gay that the mechanical mind of the country shall
stop for a period, , Well, the object of that is to
give an advantage to an inventor. It is said, that
when a man has made an invention, it is his prop-
erty, and he ought to make something out of it,
and that, but for the patent laws, he would not
make anything out of it, because any one else
might adopt it.
Now, I am willing that we shall give some ad-
vantage to inventors; but the real question is, how
far are we to go in that direction ? I believe that the
Government of Great Britain allows no extension
beyond fourteen years. But how is it with us?
Why, the Commissioner of Patents is allowed to
extend patents beyond fourteen years, under cer-
tain restrictions. ,How does the matter in fact
stand before him ? Some-party who has a great in-
terest in a patent goes before him; evidence is
taken upon one side; able counsel are employed to
present the case, and even if the Commissioner is
honest, in nine cases out of ten, like a judge and
jury who have heard the counsel and witnesses
on the one side, he is liable to be misled; and if
he is not a thoroughly honest man, he is almost
sure to grant the extensions.
I wish to say, to prevent misconstruction, that
I am entirely satisfied with the course of the pres-
ent Commissioner of Patents, as far as I know it.
The only case I know of, in which Congress has
been asked to go beyond his decision, is one which
excited my astonishment. I allucte to the report
of the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office
of this House on the Colt patent extension. I read
the decision of Mr. Mason in that case. It stated
facts and laid down principles which, it seemed
to me, were conclusive. I afterwards saw in the
New York Herald what purported to be the re-
port of our Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office. I read it over, and thought it probably a
quiz. It never occurred to me that any committee
of this House would make such a report as that. 1
came up here, sent to the document room for the
report, read it, and asked other members to read it
as a matter of curiosity. There is not one plausible
pretext in it for the extension of that Colt patent.
Every single fact stated is against it, and every
reason—if there be a reason given—is against it.
When that Colt case comes up on private bill
day, it will perhaps be discussed; but I think the
time has come when we ought to stop all these
extensions beyond fourteen years. If the inven-
tion is a valuable one, in all probability the in-
ventor will be remunerated, and if he is not, why,
it is usually his own fault.
Now, I was applied to the other day to give my
aid in getting a patent extended, and I was told
that the inventor had had a patent for fourteen
—or perhaps for twenty-one—years, and had not
been able to make anything out of Jt. Well, if
so, that is tiie very best reason why it should go
into the hends of the public. It is as old, I
believe, as the time of the earliest fables that the
dog which could not eat hay should not he by it
to keep the ox from it; and hence, when a man has
had a patent for 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Cuncman's
amendment, and it was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was then adopted.
iVIr. HOUSTON. I move the Committee do
now rise and report the resolutions to the House,
with the recommendation that they do pass.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordmglyrose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Oiui) iepoi ted that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the President's message, and had come
to a series of resolutions Thereon, which it recom-
mended do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolutions which have
just been reported.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordeied to be put.
The question was then put, and the resolutions
were adopted.
STEAMSHIP SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the proceedings
of a public meeting m the city of Philadelphia in
reference to the disaster which befell the steamship
San Francisco; which wereJreferred to the joint
special committee on that matter.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate will close on the de-
ficiency bill in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to-day; and if it be the
pleasure of the House, I should like to have it
disposed of this evening. 1 therefore move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 62.
Mr. WALSH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMullin
and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, in the chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the committee do now take up the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. I understand that that is
the business now in order, having been already
taken up ; and on this the gentleman from Louis-
ana [Mr. Perkins] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRA.1GE. I desire to know how debate
is to be regulated in reference to time?
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand the ques-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, the
answer is, that the general debate closes in an
hour after the bill is taken up, and then five min-
utes' debate ensues on such amendments as may
be offered; and if the debate occupy more than
his evening hour—to-morrow being private bill
day—it may throw the bill over to another week.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman,
it will be recollected by the House that when the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was in sitting, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith,] at the request of the gentleman from New
York, yielded the floor. As this gentleman [Mr.
Smith] is still desirous of making some remarks,
1 feel great pleasure in surrendering to him the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, addressed the com-
mittee, at considerable length, adverting to the
New York controversy, and regretting that it
should have been introduced into the House of
Representatives.
He gave a succinct history of its causes, from
1847, when a resolution approving of the Wilmot
proviso was introduced into the Legislature of
that State. He was one of those who delighted
to sustain our public men; and it was a matter of
deep regret to him that Mr. Marcy should have
fallen under the ban of any portion of the De-
mocracy of the country—and still more so those
of his own State. He paid a high compliment to
the ability and integrity of the Secretary of State.
He supported the Administration, especially vin-
dicating the conduct of the President of the United
States. [Kis speech will be found m the Ap-
pendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that the time allotted for debate has expired, and
the Clerk will now proceed to read the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON took the floor.
Mr, CUTTING. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama permit me, for a moment, to refer, without
reading, to the records of the proceedings at Bal-
timore, which are contained in the Union?
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
Mr. CUTTING. My colleague from New
York [Mr. Wbstbrook] undertook to deny what
I stated upon this door. I hold in my hand the
Union—not the National Intelligence!—in which
is contained the proceedings of that convention—
not editorially—but as regularly reported in the
Union paper of that day. By that it will ap-
pear 
Mr. NICHOLS, (interrupting.) .1 rise to a
question of ruder. I understood the Chair to de-
cide that it could not be read except by unanimous
consent.
[hp CHAIRMAN. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
Several Members. "Too late," "too late."
Mr. NICHOLS. I objected at the time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the objection, but holds if the gentleman objected
in time the paper cannot be read.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It is a matter of uni-
versal interest to the House, and I hope it will be
read.
Objection was made, and the paper was not
read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a statement
to the committee. There are several gentlemen
who wish to propose amendments to this bill now
before the dommittee. I supposed that everything
of that kind would be prepared by this evening;
but some of the committee have informed me
that matters have been so recently submitted to
them, that they will require, at least, until to-
morrow morning, to pass upon them. I therefore
ask that the committee rise, that we may spend
the remainder of the evening in receiving reports
from committees. I make that motion.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee (Mr. Stanton-, of Tennessee)reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 49, being a bill to sup-
ply deficiencies in appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
The SPEAKER announced that reports from
committees were next in order, and commenced
calling for reports from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordeied, That the Committee on Military A flans, to which
was roferjed a petition to indemnify The State of South
Carolina foi moneys expended for Hie United States, m the
war in Flotid.i with the Seminole Indian?!, be difecharj-ed
from the further consideration thereof, and that the same be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FAULKNER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported "A bill for the relief of William
Hawkins;" which was read the first and second
time by its title, and referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am instructed by tho Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to report back Senate bill
for the relief of Joseph Gideon, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill just reported to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. OLDS. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. MiDDLESWARTH, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports
in the following cases; which were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed:
In the case of Charles M. How, of Benton,
New Hampshire, praying for compensation for
military services as heir of Abraham SafTord ; and
In the case of Stephen Hoyt, and other heirs of
Stephen Hoyt, senior, deceased, of Bradford, in
the State of New Hampshire, praying for a grant
of land in California for services rendered by said
deceased in the Revolution.
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report upon the me-
morial of the defenders of the city of Baltimore in
1814, praying for one hundred and sixty acres of
land; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. VAIL also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of George W. Gibson;
which was read the first and .second time by ns
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAIL also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Parmeha Slavin,
widow of John Blue, deceased; which was read
the first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EDM.AND3, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made adverse reports in the fol-
