1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
067
Spain which had been unadjudicated, or unliqui-
dated , as they call it, came within the provisions of I
the treaty, and this Government was, bound to pay
the claims. The liquidated or settled claims were
made subject to an appeal to the Spanish Govern-
ment. To-that Government the claimant must
look for satisfaction; but this was a liquidated
claim, and, as such, the Government of Spain was
bound to pay it.
There is one point which I regard as of some
consequence in reference to this view of the case.
It is this: When Mr. Meade procured the liquida-
tion of his claim from the Spanish Government,
that Government itself took occasion, through
their official agent with this Government, to give
information of the fact. Mr. Meade informed the
Secretary of State of the United States, also, that it
had been settled. The Secretary, in acknowledg-
ing Mr. Meade's letter, congratulates him upon
the success of his efforts to secure a settlement;
and in extending his congratulations, he takes
occasion to remark; "TheGovernmentfeelsnota
little gratification in having contributed to this sat-
isfactory result." The Secretary takes to himself
and to the Government of the United States praise
that lie had had a hand in procuring that settle-
ment. I ask the committee to mark that fact, be-
cause upon it may depend a portion of the argu-
ment in favor of this claim. I ask the committee
to remember that the Government of the United
States interfered itself in the case; that it desired
the settlement of the claim, and that it was instru-
mental in procuring that settlement.
The committee will perceive that I am malting a
simple statement of facts, not so full even as the
report which I have had the honor to present to
the House.
I use the few moments in making this simple
narrative, divesting it of all attempts at appeal to
sympathies, denying myself the pleasure of im-
proving it towards their feelings, but asking only
that members shall listen to a simple, naked
statement of these facts which involve the com-
forts of Americans, and which include, in no small
degree, the honor of our own country.
Mr. Meade, I say, seeing that he was, without
his consent, involved in this treaty, protested
against it; but he knew, while he protested, that the
Government of the United States, in the exercise
of its " eminent domain,"had the right to include
him. He knew that the Government of the
United States had a right to say that" we involve
the claim of every citizen of the United States in
this settlement, and we assume, while we exercise
the power ofdoing that, the right of settling hon-
orably with those whose property we have taken. "
When this was done Mr. Meade returned to this
country. He brought his claims here, and when
the commission was appointed, as it was, he laid
this great claim before it. After some time, the
dates of which are unnecessary, he was informed
that it was not a proper claim on this Govern-
ment, because it was a liquidated claim, and that
treaties, in general, involved only unliquidated
claims. After some months spent in discussions
of this kind, it became evident to the commission
that his claim was specially included in that
treaty, and then instead of allowing it, as they
might and ought to have done, they threw them-
selves back on that clause of the treaty which
gave the commission the right of judging of
the character of the claim. In general, no
power can be more just, none can be morepru- I
dent than that. We have since that time seen
how, even with the exercise of that power, errors
'may creep in. And Mr. Meade brought to them
the full proof. He brought to them the treasury
note of the King of Spain, acknowledging the
liquidation of the account, and confessing the in-
debtedness to the mau at that time. They de-
manded of him the proof of that note. That was
very singular. Other persons came with naked
claims upon our territory, with a mere bill and
statement of accounts of how much was due, and
the commission demanded of them some proof of
those statements. Here was a very different case.
However, finding that he was not likely to succeed
without the evidences which had satisfied fepam,
Mr. Meade resorted to the Minister of Spam to
know whether he could procure the proofs neces-
sary. Now, Mr. Chairman, any person who has
any knowledgeofthe Spanish character, will pretty
well judge how a Minister of Spain would jump
up when he was asked to prove the words of the
King of Spain—how he would feel if he was
asked to offer some proof of the justice of his
Majesty's court.
When Mr. Meade addressed his letter to the
Marquis de Anduaga, the Marquis expressed great
indignation at the decision of the Commissioners
here in doubting the truth of the proceedings of
the Spanish King and courts, and added:
'•'The Spanish Government will regard as a serious in-
sult that what in Spam is acknowledged us most sacred and
respectable, should here be pronounced of no value; that
it will never consent to have questioned the legality and
purity with which your liquidation was made ; and which
is accompanied by alt the marks of authenticity winch it
can give it; and, in tine, though it should be practicable to
reunite all the documents upon which that liquidation was
made, his Catholic M.ijesty knows too well what is due to
his own dignity, to the reputation of his ministers, and to
the integrity ot lus tribunals, to consent that a foreign com-
mission shall deem itself authorized to revise their de-
crees."
That was the answer of the haughty old Don.
If they had not any money in Spain, they had
some honor left, and they stood upon it when the
money was gone. Sir, whatever may be the effect
of that feeling which the Spaniard has, upon the
gentleman's family whose claims are now before us,
you and I, I hope, will ever respect that national j
feeling which rises indignant at an imputation I
cast upon the character of its judicial institutions; j
and when once the head of a nation has confessed |
its indebtedness to an individual, it becomes dis- i
honorable almost in that head to lend itself to
inquiries as regards the motives of that proce-
dure. Nevertheless, Spain was a waning country.
Island after island had been fillibustered away.
Mexico was retreating from itsgrasp. Venezuela
was passing away. Ecuador, Chili, Bolivia, and ;
all those with new fangled names and new forms
of government, were passing from the grasp of j
the mother country. She began to feel that a new 1
power was springing up, and though she had all ,
the feelings of honor that recognize an insult, and .
all the remains of the old Castilian pride that would j
resent it, yet she said: this new republic is not so
sensitive to these matters as we are, and perhaps j
we had better yield. !
The Government of the United States consented j
at last to interfere again in behalf of Mr. Meade,
and they determined that they would ask the
Spanish Government to supply these records under
the treaty; and they sent thither, after eight months
waiting. Governments do not move fast in these
matters, and they did not do it, 1 am sorry to say,
until the distinguished Secretary of State had,
with a characteristic zea\, broken a lance or two
with the Spanish Minister on the merits of the
case—preferring to keep up his own credit as a
severe letter-writer to the establishment of the just
claim of a fellow-citizen. But tie moiiuis nil nisi
bonum. After some time, Spain consented to the
demand. After some six months she ordered that
the archives of the Spanish courts should be ex-
amined; and, accordingly, from pigeon-hole to
pigeon-hole the clerks went. But, in the mean
time, theseat of Government had been changed, and
the documents of the various courts w ere in transitu
from Seville to Cadiz, and from Cadiz to Madrid;
and they were about in the same situation as some
other State Departments have been; and the Span-
ish Government said, we cannot supply you with
all these papers now, but you shall be furnished
with them as soon as possible. And while they ;
were considering that matter, while they were ,
hesitating upon this last failure, the time of the ;
commission expired, the door was closed, and ,
Mr. Meade was excluded from the benefits of that j
It "is the duty of a Government to perform the
duties it owes to any of its citizens, as much so as j
any of the duties which it owes to any other Gov- i
ernment. If Mr. Meadehad procured, as he might ;
and can now procure, I presume, all the proofs ot ,
his claim upon the Spanish Government, the com- ;
mission which sat m that city in 1822 and 18^3 .
would have allowed the claim; but he could not ,
produce them. Is that his fault? You may say it '
was his misfortune. Undoubtedly it was.
But there is one clause of this treaty of^ itwu
withstanding the solemn compact of this treaty,
all those vast everglades, and all the lands lying
between the mouths and heads of the rivers, and,
instead of allowing you to take them in fee-simple,
we will give them to our favorites, the Governor
General of Cuba and others, the Government
of the United States could have justly declared
war, and could have justly taken possession of
what would give to them full satisfaction. What
the Government of the United States owed to
itself in the enforcement and fulfillment of that
treaty, it owed to every gentleman concerned
in the claims involved in that treaty. There
can be no doubt to any man acquainted with
national law, that the Government of the United
States was in fault in not making a treaty in
behalf of Mr. Meade. He was foreclosed by the
very terms of the treaty, and he had no longer
any claim against Spain. If he had, there are
gentlemen in the sound of my voice who would
rejoice at it. Five hundred thousand dollars
against the Government of Old Spain, and she not
pay it, with Cuba within two days' sail of our
shores 1 We might annex Cuba to Florida, and
tie her to the Everglades. It'would be one of the
best claims that we could institute,against her,
and I would ask nothing, if I desired to set up as
a filibuster, but to demand immediate compliance
with this claim of $400,000 or $500,000. But I
am arguing before the Congress of the United
States, and in the presence of those who, while
tliey see no wrong done to the Government, know
that there is laid upon their consciences a sense to
do right to the people of that Government, and to
maintain the dignity and honor of this nation with
regard to individuals as well as communities.
They will not see injustice permitted towards one
who has a claim upon us of this kind.
This is a claim of a citizen of the United States,
a na'ive of the State of Pennsylvania, a merchant;
and in that character is involved almost all we rec-
ognize of honor between man and man. It is to the
merchant that our country owes much of its fame
abroad. It is from the merchant and his business
that the country derives its means and methods of
greatness. Here, sir, is one who, by our neglect,
has endured losses, "enough to break a royal mer-
chant down," and we stand here for thirty years
debating whether we will consider his wrongs or
not; spending more time in the discussion of the
claim than the claim amounts to; not that I think
that wrong, for in the way of honor, and truth,
and justice I would cavil on the ninth part of a
hair. 1 would spend ten thousand dollars in legis-
lating upon one dime, if the spending of it involved
the principle of honor or public faith.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I have been
listening to the aigument of the gentleman, and I
want to obtain information upon this subject. If
1 understand the gentleman's position, it is that
this claim was properly included, and ought to
have been allowed, by the commission. That the
reason that the commission did not do so, was,
that proofs were not furnished in time before the
commission was dissolved; and that this Gov-
ernment was under obligation to obtain the proof
and submit it. They failed to do so, and therefore
the commission declined to pass upon the claim;
and that the claim was lost in that way. _ _
Mr. CHANDLER. That was the a fortiori
cart of the claim. . .
Mr CLINGMAN. Did the commission leave
the claim in a condition of suspense when they
adjourned; or did they reject it?
Mr. CHANDLER. They did not directly
^^Mr^CLINGMAN. Then I understand that
the Government should have obtained the proof;
and if they had done so, the claim would have been
^Mr*CHANDLER. The money was all ex-
nende'd upon the other claims.
Mr CLINGMAN. But if this proof had
been furnished to the commission m time, there is
a probability, and, in the opwion of the gentleman
: from Pennsylvania, a certainty, that they would
have allowed the claim.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no doubt of it.
which says that the Government of Spain pledges j I r. report a statement of what the
itself to supply the proofs which it has in its pos- j j I here is in [
Then the Government of the Unit |i j^r_ cLiNGMAN. These inquiries are made
States was solemnly pledged tothose ^^ ~ ^ fact8 of ttie cise, as it m an
you up the sovereignty of jj
Florida; suppose they
nroofs Suppose the bpamsn laoveriiinein _,',i . '
said, we refuse to give you up the sowee ly o ™P<  CHAnDLER. I should regret to have
Florida: BUDDOse they had said,.we retain, not- (I Mr. t-niu
