1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
ordered\ and Messrs. -Stuart, of Michigan, and
Pringle, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 92, hoes not counted.
So the amendment w^s agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment: to strike out the words " in a
body."
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendment is not in
order. The gentleman cannotstrikeoutwhathas
been "already incorporated into the bill as an amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH. I will say to the Chair that 
[Loud crieffof "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question pend-
ing.
Mr. FAULKNER.' I rise to a question of
order. 1 desire to know from the Chair whether
we are to regard .the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] as having been
adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been adopted.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I suppose the bill w
open for additional amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to have the ruling of the
Chair understood by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it is not in order to move to strike out what
the committee has inserted in the bill. For if you
could strike out one word, you might also move
to strike out the whole section. Therefore it is
clearly out of order to make such a motion.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a point of order. 1
do not understand that the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has been
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question has not been
taken on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. CRAIGE. Well, if not adopted, it is in
order to more to strike it out.
TheCHAlRMAN. The question now is on
the amendment, as amended.
The question was taken; and Mr. Benton's
amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
• Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to that amendment.
Several Members. Theamendment has been
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
add a proviso ?
TheCHAlRMAN. It is in order to move to
add a new section to the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER, I now move to amend the
bill by inserting an independent section, succeed-
ing that already acted upon.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me for a moment. I want to ascertain the
facts in this mutter. Do J understand the Chair
as having decided that the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, as amended, has been
adopted?
/ The CHAIRMAN". It has been adopted.
Mr. McMULLIN. "Well, sir, 1 desire to cor-
rect the Chair in the matter.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order."]
I was on the floor before the decision of the
question was announced, and addressed the Chair
with a view to oiler an amendment to the amend-
ment.
[Cries of "You were too late!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was notin
order.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
Is there not an amendment already before the
committee, offered by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faulkner?]
The CHAlRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia was about to move such an amendment.
Mr. WALSH. Then that is the question, 1
'believe, before the committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I beg to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Several Members. It is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. In what particular matter
does the gentleman appeal ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I will submit the question
to the Chair. There are a dozen gentlemen
around me who are prepared to state the fact to
the Chair that I was'on the floor and addressed
the Chair before the vote on th.e amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri announced.
[Cries of"Ordei!" "Order!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Did I understand the Chair
to say that I was not upon the floor, and that I
was out of order?
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman from Virginia until after the
question had been put to the committee, and the
committee had decided it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I say that I was upon the
floor before the question was put.
The CHAIRMAN. But the Chair did not
recognise the gentleman.
Mr. FAULKNER offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the monthly pay proper
of tho several giajes of the Army, hereinafter enumerated,
shall be at the following idles; a major sjeneral, $<565; a
brigadier general, «$lb5; a colonel, a lieutenant
colonel, 15 , a major, ^95 ; a captain ol cavalry, ,$85 ; a
captain of artillerv and infantry, j$75 ; a fir-t lieutenant of
cavalry, $65 ; a first lieutenant o{ artillery and infantry,
$57; a second lieutenant of cavalry, .-$)5 , a second lieu-
tenant of artillery and mfaniiy, £47 : a cadet, #3.3} a ser
geant-niajor, (luarterniasier-Herg'-ant, principal musician,
duel bugler, principal farrier, and ordnance-sergeant, §*23;
to each firbt xuyeant of a company of dragoons', mounted
riflymen, artillery, and infantry, ,^kil; to all other sergeant.-*
of those aims, $18; to a corporal ot dragoons and mounted
riflemen', $14 ; 'o a corpoial of artillery and mfantiv, ft 13 ;
to a fnrrioi, hlack*.inilh, saddler, and aitificer of dragoons,
mounted rtfterm n, and artillery, ^15; to a bugler of dra-
goons' and mounted riflemen, §12; to a musician ot artillery
and infautrv, ; to a puvuie ol diayoon-5 and mounted
nth-men, I; and to a private of aitiiloiy and intantiv,
$10 : Provided, That the existing allowance18 shall be con
fined to officers when on duty, or who Mtall have left their
pos-th byica*on ot wound.* received in the line of their duty,
and that officers absent fiom duty under anyother circum-
stance!* shall only be entitled to the pay proper of their re-
spective grades.
2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the surgeon
general and paymaster general of the Army shall be allowed
the pay and emoluments of a colonel.
^Kt;. 3. Jln<l be it furtkei t-runted, That every soldier,
who, having been hoiioraMv discharged troin the service ot
the United State--, shall, within one month thereafter, re-
indict, shall be entitled to two dollars per month in addition
to the ordinary pay of In* grndo, for the li'rs-t penod of live
yeat^ after the e\puafion ot Ins pit \ions enlistment, and a
further sum ot one dollar per month tor each sueeee-uve
period ol" live years, so long as he shall remain continuously
in the Army ; and that soldiers now in the Army, who have
served one or more enlistment-*, and been honorably dis-
charged, shall be entitled to the benefits herein piovuled for
a second enlistment.
See. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That soldiers who
served in the war with Mexico, and received a certificate
ot merit for distmgui-hed --rrviees, as well those now in the
Army n-s tho^e that may hereafter enlist, shall receive the
two dollats per month to which that certificate would have
entitled them had they remained continuously in the service.
Sfc.c.5, Jlnd be it farther eiutctcd, ThU non-commis
sioned officers, who, under the authority of the seventeenth
section of the act approved March, 3, 18*17, were recom-
mended for promotion by bit*vet to the lowest.grade of
commissioned officer, but did not receive the benefit of
that provision, shall heeniuled, under the condition recited
in the foregoing section, to the additional pay authoiized
to bo givt;n to such privates as received certificates of
merit.
fc*EC. 0. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he N hereby, authorized, by
and with th'-advieo and consent of the Senate, to pnnfer
the bievet of seeond lieutenant upon such m'-monous non-
commissioned officers as mav, under regulations to be es-
tablished, bo biouiJu betore an army board, composed of
four officers ot rank, -.penally convened tor the purpose,
and be found qualified tor the "duties of eoinimssioned offi-
cers; and to attach them to regiments as supernumerary
officers, according to the provisions? of the fourth section of
the act approved Apnl 29, 1812, entitled "An act making
further piovision for the Corps ot Engineers."
tfrc. 7. Jlnd he it, Jurther enacted, That the allowance
to soldiers employed woik on foitihoation-s, in survey,
m cutting roads, and other constant labor, of not less than
ten days, authorized by the act approved March 1819,
entitled " An act to regulate the pay of the Army when em-
ployed on tangtie dutv," he meiea^d to twenty five cents
per day, tor men employed a-, laborers arid leauwers, and
forty cent* per day when employed as mechanic*, at all
stations ca-*t of th" Rocky Mountains, and to thirty five
cents and filty cents per day, i e^pectively, when the men
are employed at -nations west of those mountains.
f*he. 8. •.'hut be it further crui< ted, That th" provisions
of the fir-4 -potion of the act granting pensions to widows
and orphans of person-, dying m the naval service, approved
August 1J, lb, be cxt-nded to the widows and oi phan- of
oflico.is, non commissioned officer-*, mu-ocians, and sol-
diers of the Army of tile United States, including volunteers
and nuhtia. mustered into the service ot the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I understand that amendment is'a reg-
ular hill, reported by a committee other than the
one which reported the bili before this committee,
I ask whether that bill contains an appropriation,
or whether it is not to regulate the Army?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is to regulate military
allowances, and clearly in order.
Mr, SMITH. But does it contain an appro-
priation ? I ask that the 81st rule may be read.
Mr. PECKHAM. Before this matter is dis-
posed of, I desire to offer an amendment to the bill
itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
most be first *3is nosed of.
Mr. PECKHAM. But this is offered as an
additional section to the bill. I propose to offer
an amendment to the bill itself, whi^h, as I un-
derstand it, will take precedence of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair thinks the
question of order must be first disposed of. The
fcttst rule will be read.
The rule was read, aa follows:
"81. No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be In order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not pievmitaly authorised hy Jaw—un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public works
ami objects at- aio already in progress, and tor the. contin-
gencies, tor carrying on the several departments of the
Government.5'
'Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to call the attention
of the Chair to the question before the committee.
The point of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia, as I understand it, is upon the ground
that the amendment is not germane to the bill,
this being an appropriation bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Thequestion of order
is not de )atable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not debating it. Iam
merely stating the ground upon wh ich the amend-
ment is not m order. The second ground is, that
there is no law for the proceedings proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia. And, in the third
place, because the amendment proposes to regulate
a certain class of pensions, which it. certainly is
not in order to do as-an amendment to an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order. The question is not debatable.
Mr. FAULKN ER. Do 1 understand the Chair
to decide the amendment to be m order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it to
be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 suppose the
Chair has reasons for his decision. I hope he will
state them to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. S'FUART, of Michigan. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. Before the question is taken
upon the appeal, I move that the argument of the
gentleman from Alabama be stricken out. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that the question may
be stated by the Chair.
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair has decided
that theamendment offered by the gentleman from
Virginia is in order. From this decision the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] takes an ap-
peal; and the question now is, M Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?"
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I demand tel-
lers upon that question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Pennington, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chan* was overruled, the tellers having report-
ed—ayes 56, noes 65.
Mr. PECKHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And be it futiher enacted, That of the $240,000 hereby
appropriated for the manufacture of arms at the national
armoneft, only $40,000 be expended until otherwise or-
dered by the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have passed the para-
graph to which this amendment has reference, and
there is nothing to which it can attach properly;
and therefore it is out of order.
Mr. PECKHAM. This is a regulation as to
the time the appropriation should be made, and
therefore it is not inconsistent at this time.
TheCHAlRMAN. We have already passed
upon the paragraph to which it relates, and the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It is precisely like the case of yes-
terday, which was simply to reduce the amount.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offerthe following amend-
ment:
And further, to pay such amount of arrearage? as may
be found to exist by an increase of the per diem, monthly,
