1854,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" About the same time negotiations were renewed at
Madrid, and the signed treaty of 1819, with an additional
article annulling three Spanish grants of land in Florida
was offered on our part as the basis of the negotiation—not
as deriving any validity from its having been skrned bv the
parties, or from its having been ratified by this Government
but as a proportion which was presented for the then future
assent of the Cortes and of the United States.
   October, ISO, that proposition and the memorial of
Mr. Meade were both pending before the Cortes ; and the
question WHS there raised, if the treaty should be agreed to,
who was to pay Mr. Meade's debts—Spain or the United
States ? A committee was appointed to ascertain the fact.
The committee was informed by the Spanish Ministry that
the debt was to be assumed by the United States; and on
applymg to our Minister, they understood him to say that
it should bo paid by the United States if the treaty was
y '£e c°"?s> and 'hat the debt spoken of was
the debt as acknowledged by the Government of Spain.
Our Minister, however, did not understand the conver-
sation as having any official character. He took no note
ot lt^ nor did he make any communication respecting it to
his Government; nor does he admit having given any assur-
anCif 1 ^le ^e^t should be paid, though be thinks it
probable he may have said that it was provided for by the
treaty.
Now, sir, there stands the report of the com-
mittee; and by it they show conclusively, beyond
doubt or cavil, that Meade's debt against Spain
was not included by any one of the provisions of
the treaty. In order to-make it a good claim
against the United States, such an oneas we would
be justifiable in voting to pay out of the Treasury
of our own Government, it is necessary to relieve it
from the predicament in which the committee were
constrained to place it, or rather, in which they
found it. ^ How is this to be done ? Certainly not
by appealing to the provisions of the treaty; for
the committee state that, by that instrument,
Meade is precluded from all claim against the
United States. But, sir, to fix this claim upon the
United States, oral testimony is resorted t" to prove
what was the opinion, respecting this claim, of the
American Minister at Madrid, at the time therati-
fication of the treaty was under consideration by
the Spanish Cortes, in October, 1890. Par this
purpose the deposition of Guerera, a member of
the Cortes at the time, is produced, not to prove
what is in the treaty, but what was the opinion of
a particular individual at that time as to whether
Meade's debt against the Spanish Government was
renounced, and its payment assumed bytheUnited
States.
Well, sir, they took the deposition of Guerera,
some years afterwards, in Philadelphia, I believe,
before Francis Hopkinson, and it is here in the
report which lies upon your table. He deposes
that, in order to avoid any possible misunder-
standing or mistake upon the subject, he, with
another member of the Cortes, were deputed as a
commission, while the treaty was under the con-
sideration of the Cortes, to wait upon the Ameri-
can Ministerat Madrid, [Mr.Forsyth,] to inquire
of him whether he construed the Meade claim as
it then stood, or as it was claimed to stand, to be
within the terms of the treaty. He testifies, fur-
ther, that Mr. Forsyth, our Minister, gave it as
his clear and_-distinct opinion, that the Govern-
ment of the United States would be responsible
for the debt of Meade, if the treaty should be rat-
ified. I will read his language. He says :
u In order to avoid any possible misunderstanding orrnis-
tnfte upon this subject, it was proposed in the Cortes that a
committee of two of its members should be appointed to
wait on the Minit-ler of the Uniled States, Mr. Foi-syth ;
and accordingly this deponent, with Mr. Thomas Isiurto,
member ot the city Cadiz, were appointed, did wait on Mr.
Forsyth, and obtained from that gentleman the clear and
distinct assurance that the debt due to Richard W. Meade
would certainly he paid to him hy the United States, if the
treaty were ratified by the Spanish Government, and the
eessupns above mentioned totally annulled.
11 And this deponent solemnly declares that these assur-
ances, thus conveyed to the Cortes, and these assurances
only, induced that body to annul the grants of land m the
Floridas, two of which had been acknowledged valid in
the treaty itself: that hail not the Cortes been perfectly sat-
isfied by these solemn awiranees that the national debt (as
it was regarded) due to Richard W. Meade would be tully
paid by the United States, it would not have consented to
vacate those giants of land, as far as respected the United
States, but would have vacated them as respects individuals
to whom they had been made, leserving ihein to the Span ,
ish nation by the law of reversion, for the express purpose 1
of paying, by them, the debt due to the said Itichard tV. i
Meade, either by their transfer to said Meade, or by sale, :
and wnh the product thereof would have paid the debt and ,
interest."
syth, who was our Minister at that Court, it is
not perhaps necessary for me to say how 1 should
decide it. Mr. Forsyth's testimony is contained
in another partof the report; and he says:
"No persons ever presented themselves to me, as a com-
mittce of the Spanish Cortes, during my residence in Mad-
rid as ihe Minister of the United States. If I ever had any
conversation with those deputies on the subject of the Flor-
ida treaty, X am entirely unconscious that they spoke with
me by the authority of that body, or that any importance
was attached to the opinion I might express. It is proper
to add, that f should have stated, on such application, that
i believe Mr. Meade's claim was provided for in the treaty
of cession. This opinion was freely expressed to all who
conversed \vitb me, and may have been, and no doubt was,
to Joseph Moreno de Guerera, in thepresence of Mr. Isturio.
The only conversation I distinctly recollect was held with
Martinez de la Rosa, also a deputy of the Cortes, and of the
commission to whom was referred the treaty of 1819.,J
I This, sir, is the testimony of Mr. Forsyth. In
I the conclusion of his deposition he says;
"I wish it to be clearly understood that I do not question
t.se accuracy of Joseph Moreno de Guerera's statement fur-
ther than relates to my conversing wuh him and Mr. Isturio
a? a committee from the Cortes. The Cortes may have
given them such a commission, and the conveisauo'n may
have been held in consequence thereof; if it was, I have
no recollection of it, and do not know that they were con-
versing with me officially, and certainly did not say more
tl)al claim was included in the treary of
Such, sir, is the whole sum and substance of
Mr. Forsyth's deposition. The most that can be
deduced from it is, that if he expressed any opinion
at all in reference to the claim, it was a private
! opinion, and not officially communicated to the '
j Cortes or those representing the Spanish Govern-
ment. He says that whatever he said was merely
an opinion ot his own; but that if he ever ex-
pressed any opinion, it was, that this claim was
included within the treaty.
Sir, after Mr. Forsyth returned home, he be-
came a member of this House. Ill the Nineteenth
Congress, first session, he, as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, made a report upon
this very claim, in which he says:
" The committee consider that the decision of the com-
missioners, foiming a tribunal of limited and specified
jurisdiction under a treaty, ought to be considered conclu-
sive, and would recommend that the whole subject of claims
of citizens of the United States on Spain, prior to 1819,
should be deemed settled."
Thus it will be seen that lie, as a member of
this House, reported a recommendation that the
whole subject of claims of citizens of the United
States on Spain, prior to 1819, should be consid-
ered settled. He goes on further to say:
" But the petitioner alleges that Ins claim lias not been,
and could not be, fairly examined by the commissioners,
for the want of sundry papers in the hands ot the Spanish
Government,winch they were bouud to furnish; which
were, at his instance, duly demanded, were not furnished
j prior to the day fixed by the treaty tor the termination ot the
j commission, and the linal decision oil all claims presented
to it; indeed, not yet furnished by tile Government of
Spain.'1
Notwithstanding this expression of opinion in
the report, the committee reported a bill providing
that this and other claims which had been before
that commission, should again be referred to the
commission for adjudication. The bill, however,
did not pass. This case was, in the Nineteenth
j Congress, First Session, referred to a select com- '
■ mittee of the Senate, of which Mr. Thomas M. J
j Clayton was then a member. That gentleman |
| made an unfavorable report upon it, which con- '
! eluded as follows: j
"Resolvedt That the prayer of the memorialist ought not
to be eranted." !
Now,sir, from the position in which 1 find this ,
i case, so far as I have thus presented it to this j
[ committee, my mind has been brought to the con- f
: elusion, that Mr. Meade has no claim upon the j
' Government of the United States, butthat he had.;
i a good and valid claim upon the Spanish Govern- I
! ment, which thatGoveniment oughtto have paid. ;
I If I could have doubted as to the justice of the ;
[ claim, there is one more document to which J call |
j the attention of the committee, and more especially
i that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is i
one of those which have not been brought up in ]
company with reports on this claim for years
It is one which I doubt whether my friend
which the Senate referred this claim, was the iden-
tical gentleman who negotiated this treaty in 1819,
to wit: John Qumcy Adams. In his report he re-
ferred the Senate to two letters which he had writ-
ten on the subject, one to our Minister in Spain,
and the Other to the representative at Spain to this
Government, ft is, to my mind,, the clearest,
plainest, and most conclusive document I have
ever perused. He meets several of the points of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The letter to
Mr. Solman, the Spanish Minister, is among the
papers appended to the report of the committee;
but the one written by Mr. Adams to our Minis-
ter at Madrid, is not in it; and it seems to be out
of place in the document where it is printed. It
was a considerable time before I could find it. It
is headed: "Extract of the general instructions,
No. 1, from Mr. Adams, Secretary of State, to
Mr. Nelson, Minister Plenipotentiary to Spain,
dated Department of State, Washington, 98th
April, 1823." It goes on to say that:
A letter from the Spanish Charge d'Afi'aires, Mr. SoI 
man, dated the loth of April, has been received at this
Department, inclosing a copy of one from Mr. Andunga to
Mr. R. VV. Meade, of 16th October, 18^2, relating to his
claim pending before the commissioners undfr the Florida
treaty, translations of these papers, and a copy of my an-
swer to Mr. Solman's letter, are herewith inclosed. The
claim of Mr. Meade, as presented to the commissioners,
was palpably not, and could not be embraced by the treaty,
as an order for payment of it by the Spanish Department of
Finance. Spain was undoubtedly bound to the payment
or it in full ; and so she was for the payment of all the cer-
j tincates of her public debt which were purchaseable in the
i market at thirty or forty per cent, of their nominal value."
I My friend from Pennsylvania spoke of these
; people having been kept out of their money so
! long; that it should be paid in full because it was
, a settled, liquidated debt; but here your own
! Secretary of State tells you at the time that it was
j not, and could not be included within the -treaty,
j He shows you the reason why it could not be in-
cluded. *He maintains that the debt, such as it
; was, on Spain, was worth but thirty or forty
I cents on the dollar in market. Spain was not
1 able to pay her debts at the time, and that was the
' reason, as Mr. Adams shows, why she did not
} pay this liquidated debt of Mr. Meade.
| ** But again, Mr. Adams says;
"All the claims provided for by the treaty were unset-
tled claims, the proper subjects of compromise, and the
avowed and unequivocal principle of the treaty was to
make such compromise. This was well known to Mr.
Meade, as well as to the Spanish Government. The first
, report of the Spanish Junta of four counselors in favor of
j Mr. Meade's claim, was made on the 30th September, 1819,
after the terminanon of the period when the treaty should
have been ratified by Spain. The certificate delivered to
Mr. Meade in May, 1820, directed that the sum which had
been found due to him should be paid out of the funds of
the Royal Finance Department} with interest, The treaty,
though not ratified by Spain, was then pubticin Europe arid
America. It had twicc been communicated by the Presi-
dent of the United States to Congress—first in February,
1819, immediately after it was signed, and again in Decem-
ber of the same year, when it was published with the doc-
uments at the commencement of that session."
Then, sir, it was not possible that Mr. Meade
could have been mistaken. He understood the
provisions of this treaty; he understood the na-
ture and character of his claim; and he knew, 1
doubt not, that his claim was not one of those pro-
vided for by this treaty.
But, says Mr. Adams:
" Tt was well known to Mr. Meade that it did not provide
for his claim thus liquidated and acknowledged, ff he,
then, expected that it should ever be chaipeablc upon the
United States, that was the time for him to have w declared
to the Spanish Government. The nature of his claim was
entirely changed hy the liquidation, but it made, and could
make, no corresponding change in the stipulation of the
treaty. It was not for an order on the funds of the Royal
Finance Department of Spam, for near half a million of
dollars, with interest from May, 1820, that the United States
had undertaken to provide ; and the real efifectofthe liqui-
dation and certificate was to take the case entirely out of
the treaty."
past
( from Pennsylvania has ever seen or heard of.
Now, sir, it is not for me to say what credit > The report of the committee says:
I will attach to this gentleman s testimony; but << Second SessionKighteenth Congress, 1824-'^>. Peti-
when his testimony is brought in conflict with i, non referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
that of Mr. Forsyth's; wherfthe question is to be !i Commute* discharged, and referred to the Secretary of
> -i .  .v.. ...... i  /• _   ' State, and reportt'd on—<I?cport9 ATo. 40.-')
decided by a conflict with the testimony of a num- i
ber of the Spanish Cortes and that of Mr. For- !
Now, sir, my friend from Pennsylvania dwelt
somewhat upon the fact that our Government had
taken some credit to itself for having aided Mr.
Meade in procuring an acknowledgment of his
1 debt; but, sir, it is not so surprising that the offi-
j: cers of the Government should have taken to
I: themselves some credit for that, as that Mr. Meade
!' should claim that because they had done so, they
were bound to pay the debt. Upon this point,
j; Mr,. Adams says:
i1 <* It was a strange u«#e to inuke of ihts warm interest and
i; ardent solicitation of the American Minister in Spain in
: ■ Mr. Meade's favor, to obtain a settlement by Spain of hi«
claims, and of the friendly congratulation of the American
. . . i- Ci 'I ui<- uibuuij vuugiatuiuuuii \Ji mv
Now, it happens that the Secretary or btate, to ,< Secretary of State, after it had been obtained, when the
