1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
made oat the entire proof, there will he to divide
among those eijjlit, ten, or twelve children, forty
acres of land. That amount of land will only pay
theagentfur the prosecution and securing of the pas-
sage of (he claim. I cannot see the necessity for
tnnt provision of the bill at this time. I doubt not
that there are those upon thi«* floor whose fathers
were engaged in the war of 1812, and who would,
if this bill pass, come in under that amendment.
It may he that there are to be divided among ei^ht
or ten, Pome forty, eighty, or one bundled and
sixty acres of land. There are various provisions
in the bill and amendment, and they require con-
sideration. I move, therefore, that they be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Air. LANE, ot Indiana. The objection urged
by the gentleman from Tennessee, it seems to me,
should not be entitled to great weight in this
House. I would place a land warrant, could I do
it for military service, in every family in this
Union; so that, if unfortunately our country
should be again involved in war, when the toscin
sounded there would be a rallying: to the call.
I have in my possession several applications from
the children of deceased soldiers, who became of
age after they had made the application, and
before the papers were completed. Is there any
propriety or justice in excluding those applicants
from the benefits of the bounty land law?—and
yet they are excluded. It does seem to me, as
we have adopted the system of rewarding the
soldier, that we should extend this law so as to
include all the children of those deceased.
Mr. BISSELL. Because we have adopted the
pohcy of rewarding our soldiers liberally, should
we not have any discretion? should there be no
limit to our bounties? should we have no dis-
crimination? We shall evince none if we pass this
bill. I a^ree with its friends in one particular,
and that is, that if it does not pass now, it never
will pass in this House. It is an important bill.
It proposes very important alterations in the
bounty land law. There is more in it than is at
first seen. It substantially, as is remarked by a
gentieman near me, makes these bounty lands
hereditary, in the form of pensions and otherwise.
1 insist that the bill shall be printed and laid upon
members' desks, in order that, by comparing it
wtfh the original act, its bearing, its extent, its
effects may be seen. I agree with the gentieman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jojtes,] that the bill should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. As that motion has been
already made, I cali for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that the motion which was first made wa«« to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole House. I
did not understand that there was any other mo-
tion made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, inas-
much as it is a general bill.
Mr. ENGLISH". I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nsys were not ordered.
The question was then put on referring the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and having it printed: and it was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was so referred, and to lay
the mo'ion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, have all
the committees been calieu ?
The SPEAKER,. Yes, all the committees have i
been called for leporta. ;
THE TRIC RAILROAD QUESTION.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I desire to call up ;
the le&olution introducced some fortnight ago ;
calling for information in relation to the obstruc,- 1
fions to the mail, and so forth, at Erie. I wish to
call that up. _ ^
The SPEAKER. It is the first proposition in |
order, <'<vn>nnttees having been called. The Cl'erk |
will report the resolution. ;
The resolution was read, as follows:
It wit That the President be it^preUtiUv icijucstetl to ]
inform tin- what nitbnn.Uion, it an), ha- been re- ,
ccjved m the I'o>t Office Department, in relation to the I
ob-truchons to the transportations of the mails- of the United !! hill* If tko-fl kQ ^u- ♦: u • ru •
Mains on ihe route between Bultaio. New York and ' n* • t"e, e no objection, however, the Chair
Cleveland, oiuo, through the town of Erie, m tbe state of ^7. repeive the proposition of the Senator from
S>en rici; 1 iiom t o.i/-} ,. i.   i. , . I ivl !£«■•
Pennsylvania,and what measures have b.'ert taken, jf any,
by the Executive, to seem e the unmteirupted u an importation
oi the mails on snid route.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to amend the reso-
lution, Mr. Speaker, by adding a clause, i{ that he
be also requested to furnish copies of such com-
munications as may have been received on this
subject." I move that amendment, and on it de-
mand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio modify the resolution in this form?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes; I modify the resolu-
tion, so as to insert a clause of that kind, and I
move the previous question.
The Clerk repotted the resolution as amended.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Upon that motion I
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were not ordered.
^ The question was then taken; and, upon a divi-
sion, there were—ayes 83, noes 70.
So the House, at three o'clock and thirty
minutes, adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
pope's nuncio.
The PRESIDENT. This is the day set apart
exclusively for the consideration of private bills.
The Chaijk however, will ask the unanimous con-
sent of tse Senate to present a message fiom the
President of the United States, m answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 23d instant, calling
for a correspondence in relation to a mission from
Rome.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the message
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a word, with the
permission of the Senate, personal to myself, in
connection with that matter.
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent. If there be no objection, the Senator
can proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. CASS. I understand this morning that a
New York paper—the Express—I may say, too,
with that unjust bitterness to a political opponent
that seems to make part of its character—has come
out with some very strong observations against
me, to the effect that I had thrown aspersions upon
the character of New York, connected wnh some
expected tumult in relation to the gentleman to
whom the President's message relate. Mr. Pres-
ident, it seems to be hardly necessary, yet I will
say that I never dreamed of throwing- aspersions
upon'thc character of the city of New York. It
is a most unjust and iniquitous assertion. All
that I said was, that the papers of New York had
that morning brought us an accountof a consid-
erable assemblage of people who went down to
the river, supposing that the Baltic was going to
sail, to attempt probably some act of violence on
this gentleman. That is all 1 said, aud I am no ; , . ,
moreResponsible for that than for anv other report h *o "ecu'e liie question whether it is in ordei
Mississippi.
No objection being made, the honorable Sena-
tor was excused.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask the
attention ot the Senate to the resolution which,
has been passed.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
" Rrnlen 1, That, for the residue of the pre-fint session,
every Friday shall be setnparmclusivolyfor (lie cnnsider-
aliun ot private lulls on the  eneral orders of the day : and
that (in the 1< ndny ot <jvery month no such Ixit shall
be taken up to which there may be objection, or the con-
sideration of which may lead to debate."
Mr. PI UN FER. I do not know that the rule
has been so construed as to include within it the
morning hour.
Ihe PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
: that the rule provides that the whole day shall be
* devoted 44 exclusively" to the objects mentioned.
Mr. WELLER. X desire to ask of the Chair,
| whether, under the construction given to the rule,
j it is not in order to make a report of a private bill ?
i , Mr. BRIGHT. I do not think that it was the
| intention of the Senate (o give such a construction
■ to the rule as to require that the whole day shall
be set apart for private business. If the rule be
construed, however, to mean the contrary, I give
notice that [ shall move to amend it so that we
may have the regular morning business in the
first hour.
The PRESIDENT. By the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate the resolution may be so
, amended.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate so to amend the rule.
The PRESIDENT. It will be done, if there is
no objection.
Mr. BADGER. If it is the general sense of
the Senate that that alteration shall be made, I
shall interpose no objection. 1 will only take the
I opportunity of saying, that if it be'done the leso-
' lotion will fail of the effect intended by it. If we
| permit the morning business to be taken up, every
I Senator knows that the object of the rule may be
; prevented by consuming the whole day in discuss-
I ing a question in regard to a general matter,
i Why, we disposed of the whole day a short time
[ a^o in discussing a question as to some affront
which it was said had been offered, or was about
to be offered, to Monseignor Bedini. If a matter
of that kind, or any other collateral affair, comes
up for diticupsion on a Friday morning, the
whole day may be consumed in its discussion,
and thus the object of the resolution may be lost.
I trust it will be inflexibly adhered to.
Mr. BRIGHT. In the case which the honor-
able SenatorfromNorth Carolina cites, a majority
of the Senate c^n control the bubject. It is not so
when you make a rule, because that becomes im-
perative. I think the rule should be so amended
as to «£i\-e the Senate the usual morning hour.
The PRESIDENT. It is only a resolution,
not n role.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution makes a rule,
however.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Indiana to let us try the working
of the resolution as it is construed by the Presi-
dent. If it works badly it may then be amended.
I was about to act upon the principle of bringing
tn business this morning, but I will waive doing
so.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 was about to do so myself;
but if it is the sense of the Senate I am willing to
yield.
Mr. WELLER. Do I understand the Chair
which comes to us in the papers. Whether it was
true or false, I did not know, but it came to me
under the semblance of truth and authenticity,
and I have never heard it contradicted that there
was such an assemblage. I have merely risen to
acquit myself in this respect.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to ask the Senate to be
excused from serving on the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can receive no proposition of a irenera! nature
without the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The day has been set apart, by a resolution of the
report from one of the standing committees a pri-
; vatp bill?
i The PRESIDENT. Tn the opinion of the Chair
that is excluded by the resolution. The resolu-*
tion provides for the consideration of private bills
which are on the Calendar; the making of a re-
port is, therefore, excluded.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
: The first bill on the Calendar was the bill for
the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor, by \vhi<h
it is proposed to authorize the proper arcountirg
officer of the Treasury to allow to him, in the
settlement of his accounts as a purser in the
t United States Navy, for such deficiency as he
I he day has oeen set apart, oy a resolution oi me ; urmeu ~ <r
Senate, exclusively for the consideration of private li shall show to exist by reason of his making de-
