1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I Sim willing to
waive the question of order, and allow that amend-
ment to come in by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot agree to
it. Adhere to the ruies.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair having been
overruled by the committee with regard to what*
seemed to him to be a reasonable construction of
the rules, cannot entertain the amendment of file
gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have some further
amendments to offer to the bill. I am instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to offer the
following amendment:
That from and after the passage of this act, no officer of
the Army or Navy, or person employed as agent by a dis-
bursing officer of the Army or Navy, bhall be a party to, or
directly or indirectly have an interest in, any contract or
agreement for the supply of any article, or for the execution
of.any work for arty branch of the service to which such
officer or agent belongs. And any officer of the Army or
Navy who shall offend against the provisions of this act,
shall, on conviction thereof beloie a court-martial, be cash-
iered.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no officer or
agent of the United States shall pay for any article sold or
work done contrary to the provision* of this act, and any
contract or agreement made in violation thereof shall he
null and void, and all articles delivered or work done m
pursuance oJ any such contiact oi agreement, shall be for-
feited to the use of the [Tinted States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment,
I think, is not in order. This is a bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army, and
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
provides for officers of the Navy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chatrrules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. FAULKNER. From that decision I ap-
peal.
The question was taken on the appeal, viz:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee;" and it war decided
in the affirmative—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FAULKNER. I offer the following as an
independent section:
Be it fwther cnactc.I, That the piovi-o'ons of the fir-Jt
section of the act entitled " An act nullum? nppiopriahons
for the .support of the Army, ending the 30th o! June,
1851,'' approved Heptembri 28, 1850. granting extra pay to
the officers and enlisted men or the Atniy scrvingm Oiegon
and California, be extended to theollieers and men com-
posing the garrison of the povt of Fort Laramie, on the
Oregon route, during the limo ibov occupied said post; arid
that the amount which may be found due them under this
act shall be paid out of any moneys in the Ticasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair cannot receive
the amendment, for the same reasons for which,
the other similar amendments were rejected.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House lull
(No. 95,) making appropriationsfor the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1855; and had instructed him to report the same
back to the House, with various amendments, and
with a Recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the |
main question ordered to he put. j
The SPEAKER. The amendments reported 1
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union must first be disposed of. They will I
be read. !
First amendment: j
Page two. hue twenty-three, strike out the following J
words: v' and horse equipments, $5,">5,727 "HV and msei t: J
" Four hundred and eighty tnousand thicu hundred and j
fifty-nine dollars and thirty eight cents." |
The paragraph, as amended, reads as follows:
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage, i
$480,359 38. ;
The amendment was agreed to. !
Second amendment: j
Page four, line sixty-five, after the word viz., insert the
words " horse equipment* and in lino seventy, strike out
the word " thou^nd," and insert the word* u and seventy
five thousand three bundled and sixty-eight dollars and
thirty-two cents."
The paragraphia amended, will read:
Horse equipments, the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes, iron
and steel for shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons, purchase
of medicines for horses and mules, shoeing horses of
mounted corps and repairing dragoon and rifle equipments,
$375,368 32.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Page six. at the end of line one hundred and twenty-two,
add the following proviso >
Provided, So much of all law* heretofore pa*sed as author-
izes the appointment of military officers to superintend
operations at the national armories be, and the same are
hereby, repealed ; and from and alter the passage of this act
it shaibbe the duty ofthe President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
a competent and well qualified civilian as superintendent
at each of said armories.
Mr. PECKHAM. E call for the yeas and nays
upon that question, as I want to see how many
there are in the House who will vote a direct want
of confidence in the President.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks,
Belehoi, Bennett, Bliss, Budges, Oarnenter, (Jaruthers,
Ohastain, Chrisman, Churohwell, Claik, Cobb, Corwin,
Culloin, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dick, Disney,
Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmund.son, Ellison,
English, Bwmg, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Fiankltn,
Fuller, Goode, Goodrich, Greenwood, Grow.Aaron Harlan,
Hendricks, Henn, Houston, Hughes, ingersoll, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Kidweil, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lilly, Lindley, Lindsley, Macdonald,
McMulhn, McNair, Macv, Matteson, Maurice, Maxwell,
May.iU,Middleswarth,Mi'llapn, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Nichols, Noble, Olds?, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pinker, Peck,
Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Primrle, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Thomas Ritchey, Robbing, itowex JtusseH, Sabin, Snpp,
Shannon, bhower, Simmons, Skehon, Gen it Smith, Wil
ham Smith, George W. Smyth, Soller?-, Frederick P. Stan-
I ton, Richard II. Stanton, Hector L. Stevens, Stratton,
i riiranb, Nathaniel 'G. Ta\loi, Thurston, Trout. Tweed,
j Uph.mi, Vail, V<ui-.uit, Walbridge, WaMi, Ellihu B.
j Wa^hbnrne, Wells. Tfippan Wentvvorth, Wheeler, Witte,
Hemiriek B. Wright, Yates, and Zollicolfer—117.
NAYtf—Messit*. Aiken, Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Barkbdale, Barry, Benson, Benton, Bovco, Breckinridge,
Jiuug, UampbHI, Chnjinari, Colquitt, Cook, Cox, CiaiL'e,
Cioeker, Ciuti-, Dawson, Dickinson, Dowdell, fSdmands,
Thomas D. Eliot, F.ulry, Hastings, ilaven, Hill, Hunt,
Roland Jones, Keitt, Knox, McQueen, Norton, Peek-
ham, Pennington, Phillips,Preston, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Itulfin, Seward, Shaw, Singleton, William R. Smith,
David Stuait, Walloy, and Israel Washburn—47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
considerable vote by which the amendment was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which iatter motion was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
In line one hundred and twenty-four strike out the word
" nine" and insert u five," and striko out the word " two"
and insert u one," so as to make the clause read :
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Feny, ^35,1U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Alter line one hundied and twenty eicht insert :
Foi military and geographical suivey.s vvctt of the Mis-
sissippi uver,
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Alter the one hundied and thirty-fourth line, add :
For the purchase of Barlow's planetarium, for the u«e of
the Military Academy at West Point, j$:2,OOU.
. The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Alter line one hundred and thirty-eight, inseit:
fc'oi continuing the explorations and survey to ascertain
the best route for a raiiioad to the Pacific, and for com-
pleting the icpoits of surveys already made, the sum of
foL5(M)UU.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill:
Sec. y. Jind he itjuit'ur enacted, That of the appropri-
ation of >$50,noO lor continuing th< topographical and hy-
drouraphu'dl survey oi the delta of the Mi^is-wppi, with
II such investigation a* may lead to determine the most prac
tical plan tor s-ecurmg u fiom inundations, approved August
11 :t], 1859, ttie sum of $5,''00 may be applied, under the spe-
i; cial direction of the Secieta *y of War, to the payment of
| any expenses connected with *aid vey and investigation
;1 incurred pnor to the fust day of July, 1^5*2.
!' The amendment was agreed to.
ij Ninth amendment:
j; Sec. 3. Jtnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
j ■ War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to exain-
! i ine into and ascertain the amount of expenses incurred and
actually paid by the State Of California, in the suppression of
Indian hostilitieswithin the said State, prior to the first of
January, Anno Domini 1854, and that the amount of such
expenses, when so ascertained, be paid into the treasury
of the said State: Provided, That the sum so paid shall
not exceed in amount the sum'of $924 259 65; which
amount is hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Sec. 4. *ftnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be, and he hereby is, authoiized and empowered
jo cause to be sold to the highest bidder for ready money,
in one body, on a notice of thirty days in the St. Louis pa-
pers, the tract of land of 3767-ino acres, on which the St.
Louis arsenal now stands, together with the fixtures and
peimanent improvements thereon, and deposit the money
received for the same in the United States Treasury; and
the sum of money so paid m shall be, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, hereby is appropriated to the purpose
of completing another arsenal on the barracks; tract: Pro-
vided , That possession of-said tract shall not be given to the
purchaser theieof until after the new arsenal shall be built,
and the arms, munitions, machineiy,"and tools now in the
said St Louis arsenal removed thereto, for which purpose
the period of two years is allowed from the passing of thi3
act: Provided, That no sale shall be made tor any sum
less than the original cost of the lands, buildings, and per-
manent improvements thereon, which shall be stated by
the Secretary of War, and published at said sale.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to ascertain
what I deem important in connection with that
amendment. Is it in order?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is in order,
having been reported by the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SMITH. I just desire to know if, when
the committees have incorporated ah amendment
into the bill inconsistent with the bill itself, the
House have not the power to reject it as out of
order?
The SPEAKER. The House has no such
power.
Mr. SMITH. Cannot the House control the
Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Virginia rises to
a question of ordei, and submits that the amend-
ment now pending, reported from the Committee
of the Whole, is not in order, upon the ground
that it is not consistent with the bill. That may
have been a good reason why it should not have
been received in committee; but the Committee
of the Whole must be its own judge of its own
rules of order. This amendment having been re-
ported by the committee, the Chair decides that
it is properly before the House, and must be acted
upon by the House as an amendment. The
Chair thinks there can be no question as to the
rule. The Chair, therefore, overrules the ques-
tion of Older raised by the gentleman from,^Vir-
ginia.
Mr, SMITH. Well, sir, I will not appeal
from the decision of the Chair, but I think the
House have the right to correct any error made
j by the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
House to correct errors that have taken place in
committee. It is competent for the committee to
judge of its own rules, and it must coirect its own
errors.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I will call for the
yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'Mr. PECKHAM. Is there any amount fixed
below which the property shall not be sold ?
Mr. PRESTON. Yes, sir. The amendment
' provides that the property shall not be sold below
■ its prime cost.
| The quesiion was taken on the amendment; and
I it wan decided in the negative—yeas 77, nays 81;
i as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Banks,,Belcher, Ben-
; liett, Benson, Benton, Bli&s, Boyoe, Bu<nr, Campbell, Car-
penter, Caiuthers, Chandler, Cook, Corwm, Cullom,
; Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dick, Diekm«on, Edmauds,
I Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Ewing, Farlev, Flagler, Frank-
i Jin, Giddings, Goodrich,Grow, Aaron Hailan, Haven, Hill,
J Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Roland Jones,
1 Knox, Lmdley, MoNair, Macy, Matteson, Mayall, MiddJe-
, swarth. John G. Miller, Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Parke.r,
, Peek, Bishop Perkins, Phelp*, Preston, Ready, Reese, Oa-
i vid Ritchie, Russell, Saliin, Sapp, Simmons, okelton, Ger-
! rit Synth, Rollers, Fredeiiek P. Stanmn, Ricb.ird H. Stan-
ton. Stratton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Wade, Wuliey, Ellihu
i B. Wa-hlmrne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
■ Wheeler, Yates, and ZoUicofn r—^7.
! NAYS—Messrs Aiken, Willi* Allen, Ashe, David J.
1 Bailey, Haik^-dale, Barry. Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges,
! Ca.-kie, Chastain, Chii man, Church well, Clark, Chngman,
| Cobb, Colqunt, Craige, John G. Davis, Disney, Dowdell,
i Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edmtiodson, English, Florence,
