260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
posits of Treasury notes in the Phcemx bank, at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, subsequent to the
month of April, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and also such reasonable and proper expenses as
he has actually incurred and paid, in prosecuting
any suit brought to enforce the supposed priority
of tKe claims of the United States over other cred-
itors upon the assets of the bank in the hands of
trustees.
It appears by the facts of the case, that at the
time the deposits were made the bank was in
good credit; that it had the full confidence of the
citizens of Charlestown and Boston, and that no
suspicions were entertained as to its solvency; that
it had been selected in 1837 &s one of the deposit
banks of the Government; that most of the funds
delivered to the pursers at that station were Treas-
ury notes, which could not at the time be dis-
posed of for cash without discount and loss to the
Government, and which discount the pursers were
not permitted to make; that in 1842, and previ-
ously to the deposit being made, Purser Joseph
Wilson, then also stationed at Charlestown, had
made a representation to the Government of the
difficulties attending the disposition of the funds
intrusted to the pursers at that station, and obtain-
ing permission from the Secretary of the Navy to
make an arrangement with the Phoenix Bank for
the exchange of Treasury note?, so as to make
them avadabie at par; that Purser Taylor was in-
formed of this permission given to Purser Wllson,
and of the arrangement made by him in pursu-
ance thereof with the bank; and supposing that
the directions of the Secretary were intended for
all the purser^.at that station intrusted with simi-
lar funds, he considered himself authorized to
make a similar arrangement with the bank—lie
having, as he states, no other alternative by which
to obtain current funds to dischaige the claims
against theGovernment; that at the time of the fail-
ure of the bank in October, 1842, which was sud-
den and unexpected, it having maintained its credit
up to the day of its failure, Purser Taylor had,
as appears by the certificate of the receivers of the
bank, on deposit therein, the sum of $12,523 58,
of which he has since received from several divi-
dends of the effects of the bank the sum of
§9,392 68, leaving a balance still due of $3,130 90.
As the deposits made by him were made and
credited in his official character as purser of the
United States Navy, lie was advised by counsel,
after the failure of the bank, that it was a ques-
tion worthy of judicial investigation whether the
Government, as' a privileged creditor, under the
act of Congress, might not recover the full amount
of the claim, and he accordingly applied and ob-
tained permission from the Government to prose-
cute the claim, in the name of the United States.
He employed counsel to bring and conduct the
suit; and, after full argument of the case, the court
decided that the claim was not within the act of
Congress.
Congress granted relief to Purser Wilson under
nearly similar circumstances in 1848, and hence
the committee reported favorably in this case.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
dangerous precedent. It is proposed that we shall
not only insure disbursing officers against the
effects of their own improvidence in making depos-
its, but pay them the expenses of suits which
they may institute for the purpose of recovering
the money. That surely is a step further than
we have ever yet gone.
Mr. FISTI. Mr. President, the disbursing of-
ficer in this case was acting under the directions
of the Navy Department. It was at a time when
the credit of the Government was low. TheGov-
ernment was without cash funds, and could only
place funds in the hands of its disbursing officers
by means of Treasury notes, which were several
per centum below par at the time. In order to dis-
pose of those notes, which were drawn in large
sums, without a discount, under the approval
of the Secretary of the Navy, (Mr. Upshur, I
think,) Purser Wilson was authorized to de-
posit these Treasury notes with this bank, which
agreed to allow him the full face of the notes on
condition of their deposit with the bank, and the
use of the funds which might remain until the
whole amount should be withdrawn.
Purser Taylor, at the same station, acting upon
the faith of that letter, made the same deposit,
and continued it until the very sudden and unex-
pected failure of this bank. Supposing then that
the funds, being Government funds, were entitled
to that priority which the Government claims, he,
under advice, instituted legal proceedings to test
that question. The bill now proposes to pay him,
as Congress has already paid Wilson; and, inas-
much as the suit was instituted by the advice of
the Department here, to pay his.costs in that case.
It appears to me to be a very simple and merito-
rious case.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York if it appears from any of the
papers in the case that the money was deposited
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy ?
Mr. FISH. It appears clearly that Purser
Taylor deposited the money on the faith of the
letter wtitten by the Secretary to Wilson. They
were together at the same station, both suffering
from the same difficulty. Wilson wrote a letter
to the Department, and obtained Mr. Upshur's
direction to make the deposit. He did so, and
Tayloracted under the same authority.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
FRANCIS B. STOCKTON.
The bill for the relief of Francis B. Stockton
was read a second time, and considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the proner accounting officer to pay
to him the sum of $(>7 57, being the amount of
losses sustained by him by reason of his making
Ins deposits of public money in thePhumix Bank,
Charlestown, Massachusetts.
The bill was rcpoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr: McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill
giving further time for satisfymgclaims for boun ty
land, and for other purposes, m which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested. /
CORNELIUS M'CAULLAY. V
The bill for the relief of Cornelius McCaullay
was read a second tune, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it proposes to direct the
Secietary of the Treasury to pay to Cornelius
McCaullay, of Philadelphia, the sum of $751 13,
in full for morocco and other materials furnished
by him in the year 1834 to the then Secretary of
the Senate, for use in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. HUNTER called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims, and it was
accordingly read.
It appears from the report that the memorialist
was a manufacturer of fine morocco in the city of
Philadelphia, m 1834. He was called upon by
one Isaac Hozier, representing himself as an agent
of Walter Lowrie, then Secretary of the Senate,
and requested McCaullay to furnish a certain
quantity of morocco for covering the chairs in the
Senate. Mr. Hozier exhibited a letter of Mr.
Lowrie, authorizing him to make the purchase.
Mr. McCaullay accordingly furnished the goods,
shipped them to Mr. Lowrie,. and when about to
diaw for the amount, Mr. Hozier again came to
Philadelphia with another letter from Mr. Lowrie,
and ordered an additional quantity of skins.
Before he had completed this order, he suspected
fraud in IJozier. and went to Washington, and
was there informed by Mr. Lowrie that it was a
hard case that he should be wronged out of his
just claim, but thatthe price of thegoods had been
paid to Mr. Hozier. Under these circumstances,
as the goods were furnished for the Senate, and
the claimant was defrauded by the fraud of an
employee of the Senate, the committee think him
entitled to relief
Mr.'HUNTER. Mr.President, itseems to me
that, in this case, there is no sort of claim for this
amount. The Secretary of the Senate contracted
with Mr. Hozier. He had nothing to do with
McCaullay. He paid Hozier all that he ever con-
tracted to pay him; but it seems that Hozier, in
dealing with McCaullay, failed to pay him. Are
we to follow all these transactions, and see that
nobody loses, either directly or indirectly, on
a"coant of any connection with Senate contracts?
All was done that the Senate could do in the mat-
ter. Mr. Hozier, who was the contractor, was
paid. Mr. Lowrie, our Secretary, had nothing
to do with McCaullay. He was not bound to in-
quire into the facts of the transaction, or to know
from whom Hozier bought the skins, or whatever
was furnished. It was enough for him to know
that Hozier furnished what he had contracted to
furnish, and that he was paid for it. Other per-
sons who dealt with Hozier,any other creditor of
Hozier, might as well come here and demand to be
paid from the Government. It seems lo me that
if we go beyond the contracts which we make,
and pay persons who are the creditors of our con-
tractors, when they may happen to fail, there will
be no end to the demands which will be made
upon us.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have a very distinct
recollection of this case, for it was before the Sen-
ate at the last session of Congress. Mr. Lowrie
employed Hozier to do the work at a stipulated
price. After employing him, he had nothing fur-
ther to do than to see that the work was well done
and paid for. Hozier employed this gentleman
in Philadelphia, but he had no contract with the
Secretary of the Senate. The Secretary made a
contract for thegoods, and they were furnished by
the man with whom he contracted for them.
If that be the fact, 1 can see no obligation, legal
or moral, resting upon the Government to pay
this individual. It was his duty to look for pay-
ment to the person to whom he furnished' the
goods; for they were not furnished, as 1 under-
stand, lo the Secretary.
The Secretary employed a person to perform a
certain contract at a certain price; and that per-
son, in order to fulfill his contract, purchased cer-
tain articles from this gentleman in Philadelphia.
There was no contract between the Secretary of
the Senate and the person who furnished the arti-
cles, and hence I can see no obligation, either legal
or moral, on the part of the Government, to foot
the bill.
! This question was thoroughly examined before
I the Senate, on a similar report, at the lastsession,
! and the case, if I recollectaright, was then decided
•-in the negative. Iam therefore surpused to see
it renewed at this session. It seems to me that
when the facts are understood, there can be no
doubt in the minds of Senators that the claim is
not well founded, and ought not to receive the sanc-
tion of this body.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think my friend from
Alabama is somewhat mistaken in saying that the
case was thoroughly examined before the Senate
at the last session. It came up for consideration,
but a single objection threw it over.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The identical objection
which is now raised was then made—that the con-
tract was with a thud party.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 admit there was an ob-
jection, but 1 do not think that it is a fact that the
case was so thoroughly examined or discussed.
Mr. FITZPATR1CEC. It may be that it was
not thoroughly discussed, but we reached this
point; and if my recollection is correct, the gen-
tleman who pressed the claim, became perfectly
satisfied that it had no merits, and it was with-
drawn from consideration.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is not my recollec-
tion, and 1 had the hill in charge.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It so struck me.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My recollection of the
case is this: It was presented to the Senate by a
memorial, which was referred to the Committee
on Claims, and a favorable report was made from
that committee by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] The bill came up at the last
session on objection day, as it is called, and a
single objection put it over; but it was not dis-
cussed, and I think the records will attest the
truth of my remarks. The case, therefore, now
comes up for the first time, for a thorough exam-
ination m the Senate. I am one of those who
think it is a proper claim.
This man Hozier was one of the employees of
this body. He practiced a fraud upon Mr. Mc-
Caullay, in Philadelphia. The then Secretary of
the Senate says so. Are we to employ men to
go about the country and obtain goods for us by
; fraudulent means and by false pretenses? When
; we have used the goods, is there no moral obliga-
tion on the pair of' this body or of the Govern-
ment to pay this man for them, who has been
confessedly defrauded by one of the employees of
this body ? The Secretary of the Senate says this
claimant was the only manufacturer ofthese goods
