1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn,
Houston, Fngersoll, George W. Jone^, Kein, Kidwell,
Lamb, Lutrher, Lilly, McMulhn, McQueen, Maunce.Max-
well, MitKon, Morrison, Murray,'Noble, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, Packer, Peekham, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell,
Prrut, Furyear, Thomas Kitchey, Robbins, Howe, Ruffin,
Seward, Shaw, Shower. Suiglfton, Wilham Smith, Wil
haai K. Smiih, George W. Smyth, flestor L. Stpvens,
Straub, Daviri Stuart, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Upham,
Vail, Wdlbritlge, Wal h, and Heiidrick B. Wright—81.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was rejected; and
to lay that motion upon the table.
Mr. PRESTON, i demand the yeas and nays.
The ye&s and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and
Preston were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table, the tellers having
reported—ayes 82, noes 74.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
The question then being ii Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BRIDGES demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRESTON demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Lilly
and Wheeler were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays (i2; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bliss, Breeknutdge,
Bugg, Carpenter, Carutheis, Chastain, Ohri.-man, dark,
Chngman, Cook, Dawson, Dick, Disney, Dowdeil, Edjjer-
ton, Edmarids,Thomas D. lihot, Elh on, English, Farley,
Faulkner, Flagler, Floience, Franklin, Fuller, Goodrich,
Greenwood, Grow, Harrison, Haven, Hendricks, Herin,
Houston, Howe, Hunt, Ingersoll, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Kidvvell, Kurtz, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley, Mac-
donald. McDougall, McMulhn, MeN.ur, Macy, Maxwell,
Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr,
Bishop Perkins, Phe!p«, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Ready,
Reese, Riddle, Rohlmis, Rowe, Sabin, Shower, Skelton,
William rfmiih, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth,
fiollerh, Richanl H. Stanton, Ilettor L. Stevens, Stratum,
David Stnair, John L. Tayloi, Thurston, Tweed, Upham,
Vail, Variant, Walbridge, Walley, Tappan Wennvorth,
and Hendnck B. Wright—93.
NAYS—-Messrs. David J. Bailey, Ball, Bennett, llenson,
Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Campbell, Ca-d\.ie,Cohb, Corwin,
Crocker. Culiom, John G. Davis, Tlioma* Davis, Dent,
Dickinson, Eastman, ISduiumKon, Guiding-, Goode, Aaron
Hailan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hill, Hughes, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Knox, Lamb, Letclier, Lilly, McCiueen,
Matteson, Maurice, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peek, Peckhain, John Perkins,
Pnngle, Puryear, David Ritchie, RuJfin, Russell, Sapp,
Seward, Shaw, Simmons, Singleton, Gerrit Smith, Nu-
Um!iuj1 G. Taylor, Trout, Wade, Elhhu B. Wasbburne,
Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Witte, Yates, and ZolhcotFer
—6*2.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was then agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the title of the bill by adding " and to provide for
railroad surveys."
Mr. HOUSTON. It is too late to make that
.motion.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill has been
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move to
reconsider the vote by which the title of the bill
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. And I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Alabama
will wait till he gets the floor to make his motion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate is not in order.
Mr, JONES, Yes; debate is in order; because
the previous question does not operate on the title
of the bill. Gentlemen should know what they
are making questions about.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
proposition to amend the title is debatable, but in
a very limited sense.
Mr. JONES. Certainly, sir. I merely wish
to state my object in moving to reconsider that
vote. My object is, as I was cut off from making
a proposition to amend the title, that I* may mtfre
to am&nd that title so as to make it indicate what
the bill really is, to make it indicate that it is a
bill to make appropriations for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year terminating 30th June,
1855, and to provide for certain railroad surveys.
The reason why I voted against the bill is,
that as there is a provision in it appropriating
money to make surveys of railroads throughout
the country; and holding, as i do, that the Gov-
ernment has no power to ma'ke internal improve-
ments 
[Cries o,f " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, I rise to a point
of order. The remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee are not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the character of the bill itself, except in so far as
the title is to be considered in that connection.
Mr. JONES. Exactly, sir.
The SPEAKER. The reasons why the gen-
tleman voted against the bill are not in order.
Mr. JONES. Except that I may have an
opportunity of making the title indicate what the
biii is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
latter remarks of the gentleman to go to show
that he voted against the bill because he thought
certain provisions improper.
Mr. JONES. Exactly; because that appropri-
ation for making railroad surveys is in it, and, in
my opinion, improperly in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will accept an amendment which I wish
to offer to the title, if it is to cover everything,
u and to pay California her expenditures for the
Indian war."
Mr. JONES. I am perfectly willing to have
that added.
Mr HOUSTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. And on that I ask the yeas
and nays.
On the call for the yeas and nays, the House
was divided, and the Speaker announced 27 voting
in the affirmative, and 123 in the negative.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; and
it was decided in the affirmative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution of
the following title:
Senate resolution (No. 29) " for the confirma-
tion of certain entries and locations of military
warranty made in the State of Michigan."
Mr. WEiEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
fifteen minutes) adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 20, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with resolutions of
the Senate of the 3d of March, 1853, information
respecting the condition of the several marine hos-
pitals, and the expediency of discontinuing the
tax upon sailors for their support, and adopting a
substitute therefor; and also in relation to the col-
lection and disbursement of the marine hospital
fund, showing the amount annually appropriated
by Congress; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented ad-
ditional documents in relation to the claim of the
| heirs of Captain Thomas Dmsmore; which were
i referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PATENT XAWSi *< - *
On motion by Mr? CHASE,tIWbiIl" to arhlM
the several acts now in force relating' to the Parent
Office," was recommitted to th;e
Patents and the Patent Office.
LAND ENTRIES IN MICHIGAN^ V.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the attention of
the Senate this morning to enable me to introduce
a joint resolution, the object of whichis tacorreefc
a difficulty that has arisen out of a law whioh^waSf
passed at this session, creating a.new land district
in the State of Michigan. Prior to the knowledge,
of the change reaching the officers and persons
the neighborhood, certain military land warrants
were located in the offices, to which the tract of
country was, previously to the passage of that bik^
attached.. Those locations, without some future
legislation, are not valid. I propose, therefore,
now to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to allow me to introduce a joint resolution, pro-,
posing to confirm those purchases of land in alt -
cases where the purchases are otherwise reg,ulai?i
There being no objection, leave was grantfed to£
introduce a joint resolution " for the confirmation
of certain entries and locations of military .war-
rants made in the State of Michigan," anddt was
read a first and second time by its title, and- con*
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. •-.*
It proposes to resolve that the entries and loea*
tions of military land warrants made at the.Ioei&j
SaultSte. Marie, and Genesee land offices in Mich?
igan, on or subsequent to the 20th of April last,
of land which prior to that time, was situated in
those land districts, but by the law of latter date,
was attached to a new land district, be confirmed,
and that patents shall issue for them as in other
cases, if those entries and locations are in every
other respect regular and valid.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and the question was stated
to be, " Shall it be engrossed for a third reading*?'-'
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike very much to vote
upon a proposition which I do not comprehend*
This is presented to us without a report, or witte
out a particle of explanation, so far asrl hav*
heard. I should be glad to understand it. ' • ^
Mr. STUART. The Senator will pardon me.
I did explain it to the Senate, but probably: in the
confusion which existed at the time the Senator
did not hear me. I stated that, at this session of
Congress, a bill had been passed creating a new
land district in the State of Michigan, taking
from three original districts, and since the passage
of that law certain purchases of land ,were made
at the old districts by land warrants. These pur-
chases are invalid by the law in consequence of
the change of the land districts. The effect of
this joint resolution is simply to make these pur-
chases valid, provided they are in other respects
so, and to save the difficulty*^ their having been
entered at the old offices after the creation of the
new districts. That is all. . >::
Mr. DAWSON. That is satisfactory.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-?
grossed for a third reading, read a third time, and
passed.
PRIVATE BILL DAT.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 15th instant:'
Resolved, That the resolution of the 24th of January last*
setting apart every Friday for the residue of the present
se?snon for the consideration of private bills, be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. FITZPA TRICK. I do not desire to in-
terpose any objection to that resolution, but rise
for the purpose of giving notice to the Senate that ,
I shall to-morrow, during the morning hour, askL*
the Senate to take up and consider the bill to au-*^
thorize the payment of certain claims for depre-
dations and spoliations during the hostilities with
the Creek and Seminole Indians in 1836 and 1837.
The resolution was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. WADE. Let us get
through with petitions.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid if I withdraw the
motion we shall have some controverted petitions
which will lead to a long debate^ so that we may
