1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
Stales, that Mr. Meade's claims, as then exhibited to them'
unsettled, disputed claims, a mixed character, for contracts'
for losses upon exchange, for depreciation of Spanish Gov-
ernment paper, for interest, and for damages, all, except
the first, of most uncert-un amount and validity, should, in
common with the other claims provided for, have the bene-
fit of the treaty. But no stipulation of special favor to the
claims of Mr. Meade, at the expense of other claimants,
was, 01 would be intended by the Government ofthe United
States. The claim presented by Mr. Meade to the Com-
missioners is for an acknowledged debt from the Spanish
Government to him, dated May, 18211, and directed to be
paid out ot the funds of the Royal Finance Department, with
interest. To say that this is not the claim which, in Febru-
ary, 1819, the United States had renounced and agreed to
compound, would be to say that daylight is not darkness."
Now, whether theclaim in question comes within
the scope of the treaty, I am willing to leave to the
decision of Mr. Adams—to the decision of the
gentleman's own witness. I am glad that it was
the honorable gentleman himself who called Mr.
Adams to the stand; for he has thereby rendered
himself incompetent to impeach htm.
I might pause here. But I will add a few special
reasons why the soundness of Mr. Adams's con-
clusion in this case is to be relied on. It is to be
relied on, not only because Mr. Adams, in addi-
tion to being an honest man, was a preeminently
able one; nor because, also, that he gave to this
subject, as the paper from which we have quoted
shows, the most patient and laborious investiga-
tion; but because, also, that Mr. Adams disliked
Mr. Meade; nay, well nigh abhorred him. Mr.
A. was a man of very strong feelings. He did
not like and dislike so much as he loved and hated.
He scouted the pretensions of Meade to a peculiar
sacredness for his claim; and seemed well nigh to
hate Meade for those pretensions. Hewas willing
to admit thatthe treaty provided for this claim; nay,
he insisted, as we have seen, in the strongest terms,
that the treaty did provide for it. But, so far
from admitting that it was a stronger claim than
all others, he argued to show that it was weaker
than some others. Now, I hold, that because of
Mr. Adams's strong disapprobation of the course
of Mr. Meade, all the greater value is to be
ascribed to what he felt constrained to say in favor
of Mr. Meade's claim—in favor of our Govern-
ment's recognizing it among the claims from which
it released Spain, and which it took upon itself.
We are not then at liberty to reject this claim, be-
cause Mr. Meade was so foolissh as to arrogate
peculiar favor for it. He did not forfeit his claim
by reason of this folly. If I claim that my neigh-
bor shall give to my debt a preference over a
dozen other equally just debts, I am not to lose
my debt because of my arrogance. The debt is
none the less obligatory for my folly and impu-
Nor are we at liberty to reject this claim because
Spain liquidated it after the signing of the treaty.
My neighbors may, very impertinently, undertake
to liquidate or determine the true amount of the
debts I owe, but such impertinence does notcancel
my obligation to pay them.
I have not time to see all, or even much, of
what the commissioners said upon this claim.
My eye falls upon the closing words of one of
them, Judge White; and I will read them:
"Believing, as I do, from the other testimony, that Mr. |
Meade has a well-founded claim, or at least a claim which ;
the Spanish Governm«nt considered well-founded, 1.am j
perfectly willing to require any document from that Gov- j
ernment which there is reason to think they possess, wntcn .
will elucidate those transactions ; and for that purpose am I
willing to continue the cau-?e. ff we can procure more
evidence, it is well; we shall have greater certainty in our
ultimate decision. If we cannot procure more, we must
come to the best conclusion in our power, from the proofs,
as thi-y now exist, as to the validity of the claims and the
extent of allowance.
Now, surely, these words do not favor the idea
that the Meade claim did not fall among the claims
which the commissioners were to investigate.
These words show, on the contrary, that what
the commissioners required was the establishing
of the claim—the proving of the debt.
But, it is said that Mr. Meade fai ed tc.prove
his claim. I admit that he did. I admit that the
commissioners were right in exacting the kinu o
proof which they did exact. But was it the fault
of Mr. Meade that he did not produce it? f ar i
from it. The proof exacted was m the hands,
and among the archives, of the Spanish Govern-
ment; and that Government, because of its foolish
pride, refused to give up the proof 1 he Royal
certificate of the amount of the debt due to Mi.
Meade was, as that Government haughtily held,
all we needed and all we were entitled to.
In these circumstances, what could Mr. Meade
do more? I answer, that he had nothing more to
do. The matter then lay between the two Gov-
ernments. Our Government had discharged the
Spanish Government from all obligation to pay
the claims of our citizens, and that Government
had, in turn, bound itself to put our Government
in possession, so far as it could, of all vouchers
and papers which could serve to establish the
character of those claims. Our Government was
bound to enforce this provision of the treaty against
Spain.
Shall our Government pay the whole amount
of this claim? Perhaps it should not do so. I
have no doubt, however, that in the liquidation of
the claim by the Spanish Government, the amount
was made small enough. Unprecedented pains
were taken to bring the amount within the limits
of strict justice. Moreover, it was then expected
that the Spanish Government, not ours, would
have to pay it. Hence, that Government is not
to be supposed to have been as easy in making
up the amount, as it might have been, were it
making it up for another Government to pay. And,
again, Spain at that time felt herself to be poor.
This was another reason why she was concerned
to reduce the amount as low as justice could possi-
bly allow. The scholarly gentleman of Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] spoke of the "res an-
gustae domi," the straitened home circumstances of
the Meade family. His classical words are no
less applicable to illustrate the condition of poor
Spain, at the time we refer to.
I fully believe that the claim of Mr. Meade was,
in no degree, exaggerated; and that the amount
fixed upon by the Spanish Government was due,
justly and religiously due, to that unfortunate and j
cruelly wronged gentleman. Nevertheless, as 1 j
said, perhaps our Government should not pay
the whole amount. Our Government had but
$5,000,000 with which to pay all these claims.
So far as that sum would pay them, and no
further were they to be paid All I ask for the
present claim is, that as great a percentage be
paid on it, as was paid on the established claims
 be that percentage three fourths of the amount
of the claim or only one half of the amount of the
claim—be it in other words, $300,000 or $200,000.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee ad-
mits that the amount fixed upon by the Spanish
Government was justly due, and is now justly
due, from Spain. Would he send the wronged and
impoverished children of Mr. Meade to that Gov-
ernment? What, however, if there were techni-
calities in the case of which we could avail our-
selves to escape the payment of this debt, anil to
burden Spain with it? Would we consent to avail
ourselves of them? Forbid it justice! forbid it
honor! Even if we pay this debt, still shall we
not have made a sufficiently good bargain out of
Spain ? It was well understood that the treaty ex-
onerated her from all claims of our citizens. Spain
so understood it, as she has repeatedly declared.
Oh ! we should hang our heads in shame, at the
thought of being unkind enough and small enough
to require poor and unhappy Spain to pay this
debt. _ ,
Sir, I am a believer in a strong Government; and
I would have civil Government strong, the earth
over. It is worthless wherever it is weak. But,
sir, a Government is not necessarily strong that
clings, with miserly grasp, to its dollars; that
rejoices in an overflowing Treasury; that multi-
plies its battle-ships, and swells its armies. A
Government may do all this, and still be essen-
tially weak, because essentially unjust. But that
Government is strong, emphatically strong, which
aims to be the impersonation of justice. Such a Gov-
ernment is strong, because it is respected and hon-
ored abroad, and beloved at home. Be ours, sir, a
strong, because a just Government. But let us
remember that the first claim on justice is, that she
pay her debts. Let us then, sir, pay this sacred
debt, that we should have paid thirty years ago;
and our cruel neglect to pay which has been tol-
lowed with so much suffering and sorrow. 1 am
sad for the creditors, and deeply mortified for my
country, in this instance. In the case of the no
less sacred French claims, which should have been
paid more than half a century ago, my pity for the
suffering creditors is greater, because they are so
very numerous; and my mortification at the dis-
grace of my Government and country amounts to
anguish of'spui1' Let us pay these debts,sir, now
—now, when we so easily can—and, in such ways
let us make ourselves a strong Government and a
strong nation. ■
Mr. GIDDINGS. It was not my intention to
participate in the discussion of the bill now under
consideration until I heard the remarks of the
gentleman who has just taken his seat. Nor do
1 now intend to examine more than one point in-
volved in this claim. It was my fortune many years
ago to engage in its discussion, and I then spent
much time and labor in its examination; but that
was in other days, comparatively, the days of my
youth. 1 have repeatedly listened to the discus-
sion of it by others, by some of the ablest minds
that ever entered upon the debates of this body-,
1 heard it argued on one occasion by Mr. Marvin,
one of the predecessors of the gentlemap from
New York, [Mr. Smith,] in a manner that I never
heard excelled; but his view was entirely different
from that which my friend has taken of it.
And here I may say, that I regret most deeply
to come in conflict with my learned and excellent
friend, [Mr. Smith;] but we areall liable to differ
in cases which involve so many considerations as
the bill before us. Now, sir, let that gentleman,
or let any other gentleman, tell us by what rule we
are authorized to put our hands into the pockets
of the people of the United States and pay their
money to this claimant? Remember, sir, that
you take this money from the people to pay it over
to Mr. Meade. No member will consent to do
this unless he can see good cause for it. The
people have never seen nor heard of this claimant.
He left this country, went to Spain, dealt with
His Most Christian Majesty,and lost his property
by riot getting his pay. Now, certainly these
facts give him no claim on his fellow-citizens who
remained at home. The question therefore arises,
by what means have the people become liable for
this claim? How was their liability incuired?
It is certain that this Government never under-
took to pay this debt, nor any part of it. There
was never any stipulation, agreement, or cmtract
between Meade and the United Slates. It is,how-
ever, true that this Government, representing the
people of the United States, stipulated with Spain,
in the eleventh article of the treaty of 1819, to pay
over to such claimants upon the Spanish Govern-
ment, as should make proof of their claims,
$5,000,000 as a part of the consideration for the
cession of Florida. By the treaty this $5,000,000
remained in'the hands of this Government to be
paid out to our citizens who had sustained losses
by the wrongs of the Spanish Government. Mark
the stipulation. It was to pay a certain definite
sum to such persons as should prove their losses
before commissioners to be appointed by the Pres-
ident for that purpose. We held the money as
trustee, to be paid over to those who should, withm
a given time, prove their demands. The $5,000,000
only paid a part of the losses. This Government,
nor the people, had no choice as to who should
receive this money. It was the money of Spain
that was to be paid over to the claimants who
should prove existing valid claims against the
Spanish Crown. Meade was unable to obtain
proof of his claim. This Government lent him
assistance to get his proof. In that they did right,
although there was no obligation resting upon it
to do anything of the kind. Yet that kindness
surely did not render us liable to pay the debt.
But 1 beg leave to differ entirely from my friend
when he says that we reposed trust in the Spanish
Crown to furnish the proofs; and when they failed
to do it, we ought to hold them responsible. The
Spanish Government required us to pay the money
to such individuals as should make proof or their
claims; and in order to aid the claimants to whom
we were to pay money for the benefit of Spam,
they agreed to furnish such proofs as were in pos-
session of the Spanish Crown. Our undertaking
was to pay out the money to those who should
make the necessary proof. Meade had reposed
confidence in the Spanish Crown; had furnished
provisions for their army, and trusted to their
honor and ability. In that he was disappointed.
He was unable to prove his claim. In that he
was unfortunate. The time limited for the de-
cision of the commissioners was about to expire,
and they were compelled to divide the $5,000,000
among those who nad established their claims.
Meade shared no part of the money. His mis-
fortune arose from his inability to make the
proper proof. But, sir, we have paid to the
