1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
not be able to get at the bill. I hope the Senators
wii! not press me to yield.
Mr. GW1N. I do hope, Mr. President, that
we shall no v determine whether we will consider
the homestead bill any farther during this session.
If we are not going to consider it any further, it
had better be postponed until the next session. If
we do not intend to postpone 11 until the next ses-
sion we ought to go on with it this morning. I
hope that matter wilt be decided now, and for that
purpose I wish to controvert the motion of the
Senator from Virginia, although I should not
otherwise desire to oppose it. 1 want the friends
of the homestead bill either to pass it now. or to
postpone it until the next session. If we determ-
ine to progress with it now, of course the mo-
tion of the Senator from Vuginia ought to be voted
down. If we do not intend to progress with it,
the motion ought to be agreed to, and its adoption
ought to be. equivalent to postponing the home-
stead bill until the next session.
Mr. WALKER. I have a proposition which
I desire to make this morning, not only to the
friends of the homestead bill, but to the Senate
generally. It is that we should take up the bill,
that we should then postpone the further consid-'
eration of amendments in detail, let the bill rest
as it is, and receive as a counter proposition, and
take the sense of the Senate upon either one or
the other of the measures which stand in antago-
nism to it—either that proposed by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Drown,] or that by the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] Let us
take up the bill, and ascertain the sense of the Sen-
ate upon one or the other of these as a counter
proposition to it.
As one of the earlies! friends of the homestead
bill in the Congress of the United States, I must
say that,after what I have seen, I am satisfied, and
I feel bound so to express myself, that it. is not the
sense of the Senate that the bill from the House of
Representatives should pass. This is my convic-
tion. If that be the sense of the Senate, it can
easily express itself upon one of these other prop-
ositions. i think that we should take up the bill,
and receive one of them as a counter pioposition,
take the sense of the Senate upon it, and abide by
the result. For one, as a friend of the homestead
bill, 1 am willing to do so,
Mr. GWIN. I hope, then, that we shall pro-
ceed with the consideration of the homestead hill,
and thai the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
will withdraw the amendment which he offered
yesterday, and which led to debate, and after that,
that we shall have a direct vote on a substitute for
the homestead bill,and see which has the gieatest
strength.
Mr. CLAY. T trust that that motion m«y
prevail; and I pledge myself to that understand-
ing. i shall withhold all the amendments which
i Intended to ofler to*the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I appeal to the Sena-
tor from Virginia not to press his motion on this
occasion. If he does, I shall be compelled to vote
against it, and it would be with regret that I
should be compelled to do so. I know the gen-
tleman fiom Virginia has a high public duty to
discharge, and that he has no motive to gratify
but by the dispatch of the public business; but m
this case, I regaid it as a duty to proceed with the
consideration of the homestead bill. We have
now reached such a point that we must come to a
result upon it to-day. I hope, therefore, we shall
proceed to the consideration of the homestead bill,
and either pass it or reject,it.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be the understanding
\ that the question shall be closed- to-day, I with-
\ draw my motion.
^ TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have said that I should make
no motion, nor vote upon a motion in any way
tending to embarrass the homestead bill, and I
shall not do so; but 1 made that remai k in connec-
tion with the understanding that the bill reported
from the Committee on Finance, in reference to
the debt of Te.xas, should be disposed of. it was
taken up yesterday morning and was debated. I
hope it will be taken up again this morning:, and
i say now, as i said yesterday, if it occupies more
than an hour, I will move to postpone it until to-
morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the Senate will take
Bp the homestead, bill. I think we can get through
with that in an hour, and get a vote up. n it. I
do not say this because I am opposed to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not think we can dispose
of the homestead bill in an hour; but if the Texas
debt bill-takes more than that time, 1 will 'move
to postpone it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Say half an hour.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will say half an hour. I
think we can dispose of it in that time, and if we
do riot, 1 shall be willing to let it go over.
Mr. GWIN. 1 made a motion distinctly to
take up the homestead bill,, to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking it up. What has
become of it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The Chair did not hear that mo-
tion.
Mr. WALKER. Certainly the Senator made
it distinctly.
Mr. BADGER. There was another motion
pending.
Mr. GWIN". I made that distinct motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw tt. I will say to him that if the
Texas debt bill occupies over half an hour I will
move to postpone it.
Mr. GWIN. We can vote upon the homestead
bill in half an hour.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from California
is mistaken in supposing that we can vote upon
the homestead bill in half fcn hour. 1 have already
said, and I repeat, I shall adopt no course which
will lead to the laying aside of the homestead bill,
though I am opposed to it. I think the friends
of the measure have a right to have it disposed of,
but surely the motion of the Senator from Indiana
is very reasonable.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
m Cornmuiee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill u to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texas as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9, 1850;" the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Bright, to add to the nrst
section of the bill as amended, on the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Finance, the following:
Provided) That the interest on the debt embraced m this
act shall be calculated and regulated by the. existing laws
of the State of Texas.
Mr BELL. I do not propose to debate this
subject, nor have 1 considered it with any care
since about two years ago; but i wish to be in-
, formed with regard to certain facts, so as to be
; assured as to the grounds upon which I propose
; to give my own vote, and I will doit pretty much
! by way of inquiry of gentlemen who are better
; acquainted than I am with the foundation of this
! bill, a« it is now presented to the Senate.
A number of gentlemen yesterday stated that
this Government was under no obligation to pay
the Texas creditors proposed to be provided for
by this bill, except to the extent of the $5,000,000
which wereappropiiated by the compromise act
of 1850.
If that were true, it would change the opinions
and the impressions which I have entertained in
regard to tins subject; but I understand that there
were, two years ago, when this question was pre-
sented, bond-holders, creditors of Texas, who had
a mortgage upon the customs revenues of that
, Republic, before its annexation to the United
States, to the amount of $8,000,000, or there-
abouts. If I am mistaken in this, I wish those
honorable gentlemen who yesterday took the po-
sition to which I have adverted, would put me
right. Now, how is the fact with regard to the
amount of the debts of Texas having alien upon
the customs revenues of Texas at the time she was
annexed Lo the United States? And upon what
ground do gentlemen say that this Government is
under no obligation to pay those debts?
The amount of those debts in 1852 was what I
have stated; but since that time I understand that
the Attorney General of the United States has
given his opinion in reference to another class of
Texas creditors, amounting to some three or four
millions of dollars; and he has decided that they
come within the same category precisely—that is,
that they were creditors of Texas, with a mort-
gage on the whole revenues of that Republic.
This would swell the amount to eleven or twelve
millions of dollars; and the interest upon these
respective classes at this day would, added to the
principal, make between twelve and thirteen mil-
lions.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to correct the Senator.
He is in error as to the amount of that class of
claims. There was a class of "claims not included
in the opinion of Mr. Corwin, but which Mr.
Cushing thinks are included m the provisions of
the act of 1850. These bonds do not bear upon
their face any pledge of the revenue. They
were issued under a law passed in February, 1840.
Early in February, 1840, the Legislature of Texas
had passed an act pledging their revenues for the
payment of the debts of the Republic. The late
Secretary of the Treasury construed that to have
a letrospective operation, and not to apply to
bonds that were issued after the date of that act.
Mr. Cushing thinks it is prospective as well as
retrospective, and the amount of claims that will
be subject, in that opinion of Mr. Cushing, is
not $3,000,000, or $4,000,000, as the Senator sup-
poses, but was in January, 1851, $1,600,000.
Mr. BELL. Adding to that the interest since
that time, I suppose the amount would be about
$2,000,000. That sum, added to the $8,000,000
i ascertained in 1852, would amount to $10,000,000
' at this day, for which we may be considered, per-
haps, liable. Sir, honorable Senators stated yes-
terday, it having been agieed by compact with
Texas, when she was annexed to the United
States, that Texas should pay her own debts, and
the public lands m her limits having been put un-
der her own control for that purpose, we were
under no obligation to pay these debts. Then,
they say, in 1850, under some idea that we might
be held justly responsible, according to public
law, for that portion of her debt for the payment
j of the principal or interest of which the revenues
^from customs were perpetually pledged, we agreed
to give to her what at thattime was supposed would
be the whole amount of debt subject to this lien
on the revenues derivfd from customs. But that
was a conjectural estimate. It turns out since
that, that there was a much larger amount than
j the $5,000,000 agreed to be appropriated by the
compromise act of 1850, belonging to the &ame
class of claimants, which would stand upon the
same footing in regard to their equitable claim
upon the Government of the United States.
Now, sir, I should like to hear from some gen-
tlemen on what principle it is, if we were under no
obligation to pay the national debt of Texas con-
tracted either in her war of independence, or for
the support of her Army and Navy after she was
independent, and which had liens upon the reve-
nues which vested m the Government of the Uni-
ted States by the compact of annexation, that our
agreement to pay the $5,000,000 discharged us
from all obligation to the creditors even for thos©
$5,000,000, unless we paid that sum pro tanto, leav-
ing a large proportion of the creditors unpaid and
unsatisfied ?
That, however, is not the material question. I
should like to know whether, by the compact, the
United States were discharged from their obliga-
tion to pay these debts under public law—1 mean
those debts which had a hen upon the revenue
which was vested by compact in the Government
of the United States—her customs revenue? We
know that is the great mode, by indirect taxation,
of taxing the people of the country to whatever
extent we find it expedient in this Government to
tax them, just as Texas did then. We know that
the people of this country, except for their local,
and municipal, and State purposes, are not willing
to submit to direct taxation. But, sir, I lay the
principle of public law to be that wherever, either
by agreement, by arrangement, or by conquest, a
province is annexed to a superior government, and
becomes a province ordependency or integral part
of that government, we take the country with the
burden upon it. The fact that, according to the
Constitution, the country so ceded retains local
sovereignty to a certain extent, and for certain pur-
poses, does not, I conceive, make the least differ-
ence. Whatever obligations or liabilities they are
under by a public act of theirs when they were
an independent nation, we, the country into which
they became merged, must assume the responsi-
bility of the payment of those debts.
I do not propose to go into the argument,
, or even to state the authorities in reference to
11 that point; but now, take that in connection with
|| the other proposition, that in 1852 there were
'1 $8,000,000 of tho> e debts having a hen or mortgage
