97*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
claimants of the Spanish Crown the full and en-
tire sum of ^5,000,000, as we agreed to do. We
have fairly and in jjood faith fulfilled our stip-
ulations. And I ask, by what act of this Govern-
ment have we become liable to pay this claim to
Meade? Had he made his proof, he would have
.shared pro rata with the other claimants. But
does his misfortune, his inability to make the
proof, give him any claim on the people of the
United States ? Surely not. This $5,000,000 was
a trust fund in our hands, which we were as will-
ing to pay to Meade as to any other person, could
he have shown himself entitled to it. He could
not do that*, and had any portion of it been paid
to him without such proof, the other claimants
would have had a legal and equitable demand on
us for the money thus improperly paid to him.
I most fully concur with Mr. Adams, then Secre-
tary of State, that this is the same cl.um which had
been presented to the Spanish Government; and I
also agree with Mr. Adams that Meade has not
the shadow of a claim against the United States.
Any man who will look into Mr. Adams's letter,
will see that he regarded this claim m the light
which I have endeavored to express. Nor is it
possible for me to see how gentlemen can difler m
regard to it. I repeat, that Meade's failure to ob-
tain the necessary proof, even with the aid of
our Government, was his misfortune, and not that
of the people of the United States. They have
been guilty of no laches. They have omitted
no duty. They have conformed to their stipu-
lations. it is tiue that Meade was unfortunate;
and I would as soon thrust my hands into the
Treasury of the United States to relieve his mis-
fortune as that of any other man. But he stands
upon the same principles us any other unfortunate
individual, and by no logic, by no course of rea-
soning, by no sophistry of argument, can you
place him upon any other ground than that of an
unfortunate man. We do not wit here to rclie\e
the misfortunes of mankind; and I have never been
able to see in this matter any other claim than that
of an unfortunate man, claiming relief from a Gov-
ernment able to pay, hut on whom no other obli-
gation rests.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not go further into
the merits of this case. The point 'I have aug- j
gested appeals to me conclusive. Whenever this !
case has been before the [louse, on former ocen-
nions, this point has appeared to present an in- i
surmountable obstacle, one which I have never 1
been able to get over; and I will add, that it still I
apjiearsjn that light
rise.
COX. I move that the committee do now
Mr. DEAN, i would suggest that the gentle-
man amend the motion t>y adding, "and report the
bill to the House/'
Mr. COX. .No, sir: I do not accept thacamend- ■
meat. '
The question was put; and the motion was !
agreed to. j
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak- |
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. i
Taylor, of Ohio) reported that the Committee 1
of the Whole House had, according to order,had
the Private Calendar generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
58) for settling the claims of the legal representa-
tives of Richard W. Meade, deceased, and had
come u> no resolution thereon.
Mr. LETCHER, i move that the House do j
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to; and
Thereupon, at u quarter past three o'clock, the
House adjourned until Monday, at twelve o'clock
m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 24, 18o4
Prayer by Rev. William H.
The Journal of Thursday was road and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT present*d documents jn rcKiion to
the claim of Sherman Pierce to a pension for
militaiy servicer* in the hist was- with Great l>ii-
tain; which '..?ere inferred lo the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, a peiiUMs of ciuzeuf- of liaitfurd, Ver-
mont, remonstrating against the passage of the :
; Nebraska bill; which was ordered to he on the
' table.
j Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
| of the United States professing the Jewish reli-
| gion, praying that measures may be taken to
I secure to them the rights of civil and religious
> liberty while traveling or residing in foreign coun-
j tries; which was referred to the Committee on
| Foreign Relations.
; Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of John
i S. Eddy and others, praying remuneration for
j services rendered m the war of 1812; which was
[ referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Marine
1 Society of New York, praying Congress to pass
ci law to make it obligatory for all slaps and ves-
: sela, from one hundred and fifty tons and upwards,
' to be furnished with two or more boys, leaving
: it optional to adopt the apprentice system, or go
■ as volunteers, as the parties may choose; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States
professing the Jewish religion, praying that, when
' absent m toreign lands, the same civil and religious
I rights may be extended to them as are accorded
■ to foreigners while resident m the United States;
' which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
1 Relations.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of New York,
against the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. DAWSON presented documents in rela-
tion to the claim of John Makm, a pilot, for sal-
vage or compensation for aid rendered the frigate
Saranac when in distress off the harbor of Savan-
nah, Georgia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of the inhabitants of Hamsun and
its vicinity, Cumberland county, Manic, against
the passage of the Nebraska bill; which were
ordeied to lie on the table.
M r SUMNER presented the following petitions,
praying a reduction of the rate of ocean postage
to two cents for single letters, and others in pro-
portion; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
Petition of citizens oi Boston and its vicinity,
Massachusetts;
Petition of inhabitants of Dorchester, Massa-
chusetts;
Petition of inhabitants of the town of Attle-
borough, Massachusetts;
Petition of inhabitants of the town of Ashburn-
hain, Massachusetts.
Petition of citizens of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire; and a
Petition of citizens of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Oscar
Cole and Alexander Cook, praying that the law
compelling restaurants and eating-houses m Wash-
ington city, D. C., to be closed at midnight, may
be repealed, which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Charles
Wolter, of Monterey, California, praying indem-
nity for loss of live-stock during the administra-
tion of Governor R. R. Mason in 184$ and J 849;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of the in-
habitants oi the town of Oucrhn, Ohio, praying
the reduction of the rate of ocean postage for a ;
single letter to two cents; which was referred to i
the Committee on the Post Olficeand Post Roads. !
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States I
professing the Jewish religion, praying Congress j
to take such measures as will secure to them re- i
ligious freedom while absent in foreign lands; j
which was referred to rhe Committee on Foreign j
Relations.
Mr. RUSK presented a document containing a !
new plan of a railroad, intended for the transpor- ;
tafion of the mails, and to secure the safety of i
passengers and pedestrians, invented by Roberl !
Mills, engineer and architect; whuii was referred '
to she Committee on the Po.n OfiLe and Po«t !
Roads. ^ ,
Mr. MALLOR \ pie^emed a petiaon of the j
rjti/ens of Hernando county, Florida, praying a ;
gran! of 1-md wheiein to locate a com Ly site: '
whirh wiiN referred to Commute-" on Publh- |
LendF. !
All. JOHNSON pre. ented a. petnion oi' citizens i
oi Hotspriixr county, Arkansas, prsw  (he es- !
j tablishment of a post route from Fair Piay to
i! Owensville, in Arkansas; which was referred to
|; the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
| Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Wil-
li liam Woodward and others, praying that $200
ji may be granted out of the Treasury to mechanics,
I, if the homestead bill should become a law; which
' was ordered to lie on the table.
' Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of George
! J. Cornell, Albert Gallatin, A. J. Hamilton, and
I; other citizens of New York, remonstrating against
| the repeal of the Missouri compromise; which
I was ordered to lie on the table.
ji Also, the petition nf Charles Neilson, executor,
'.son, and heir-at-law of John Neilson, praying
i compensation for the services of his father, and
remuneration for losses sustained by him in the
1 revolutionary war; also, praying to be allowed
the pensionto which his father was entitled; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
| Claims.
Also, the petition of C. M. Clarke, praying
j remuneration for losses sustained by her father,
; Ethan Stillman, undera contract with the Govern-
ment to furnish muskets; which war referred to
, the Committee on Claims.
RIGHT-ASCENSIONS AND DECLINATIONS.
Mr. EVERETT, J have been requested to
i present the memorial of Benjamin Pierce and
others, members of the American Association for
1 the Promotion of Science, praying Congress to
; make an appropriation to enable Professor Mit-
chell, of Cincinnati, to construct a machine for
I observing right-ascensions and declinations by the
| aid of magnetism.
| This is a subject of very great importance to
science. The memorialists are mnorrj; the most
I distinguished men of science in the country.
1 Their memorial is accompanied by the report of a
! committee of this associatio ,, in which they rep-
resent this machine to be of great importance,
promising great practical utility in its application
to scientific purposes, and reflecting great credit
upon American science.
1 am somewhat at a loss to know what dispo-
sition to ask for the memorial. !t does not seem
to belong to any of the standing lommittees of
the Senate, and I have been requested to move
that it be referred to a select committee. I make
the motion with great reluctance; but as the sub-
ject does not fall within the province of any stand-
ing committee, i move that the memorial be com-
mitted to a select committee of five members.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT. I now move that the com-
mittee be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. EVERETT, it was
; Ordered, That the memorial of Henry Newman be vvifii-
i diawn from the hies of the Senate, and referred to the
| Committee on Public Land^.
| REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr BRODflEAD, from the Committee on
i Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
j Charles Gordon, praying compensation for his
| services as draughtsman to the Committee on Pub-
| lie Lands, asked to be discharged from its further
i consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
I nuttee on Public Land,*; which was agreed to.
! Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Tei-
i ritones, to whom was referred a memoiia] of the
j Legislature of the Territory of INew Mexico,
: praying the confirmation of the titles to land un-
dei grants from the Mcxican Government, asked
to be discharge j from r.s further consideration,
I and that it be referred to the Committee on Public
I Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, ftom the snme committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of the
Territory of New Mexico, praying that measures
may be taken to protect the inhabitants of that
: Territory from Indian depredation?, asked to be
; discharged from irs tinnier consideration, and
' that it be referred to the Committee on Indian
J Allaire: which wjs agreed to.
He also* from the ,wme committee, to whom
, was referred a mca.o.ial of the Legislature of the
; Tenitory of Nov." ?Vifcv>, o, prnying the recstab-
; iishment of th-:- milhaiy Fort Atkinson,
| asked to be discharged from its further considera-
I tion, find riiat it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs* which was agreed to
