1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
■Pensions, to whom were referred the following pe-
titions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they be referred to the
Committeeon Public Lands; which was agreed to:
Petition of Prances Depriest, praying to be
allowed bounty land;
Petition of the heirs of George Hoyle, deceased,
praying authority to sell a land warrant issued to
said George Hoyle; and
Petition of D. McManus, a chaplain in the
' Army, praying to be allowed bounty land.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pensions, to
whom were referred the petitions of James Wor-
sen, John O'Leary, John Williams, and others,
invalid pensioners of the Navy, praying an in-
•crease of their pensions, have directed me to sub-
mit a report, and ask to be discharged from their
further consideration, having concluded to report
a general bill, embracing all cases of their kind
As is known to the Senate, I presume, generally,
'the highest pension paid to an invalid pensioner
■of the Navy is six dollars per month; that is to
what is called the seamen, but the seaman in
ordinary is paid five dollars per month, and a ma-
fine §3 50. The committee have ascertained, on
inquiry of the Commissioner of Pensions, that
fthe aggregate increase of pensions by the bill
which we report, will be something upwards of
$9,000. They have, therefore, instructed me to
report a bill placing the pensioners in the naval
service on the same footing with pensioners in the
Army of the United States. I move that the re-
port be printed.
The bill was read a first time by its title, " A
Toill to increase the pensions of seamen and ma-
rines," and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Joseph Nock, praying indemnity
for the violation, by the Post Office Department,
of his contract for making mail locks and keys,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petitions of Nannie
Denman, Arabella Riley, Minerva Catlett, and
Eliza G. Townsend, praying pensions on account
of the services of their husbands, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, on the
ground that their cases had been provided for by
the general bill reported in the case of Mrs. Gen-
eral Childs: which was agreed to.
GRAFTON BAKER.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the House bill for the re-
lief of Grafton Baker, have instructed me to
report it back, with a recommendation that it do
pass; and at the instance of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, whose constituent Mr. Baker
is, I ask that it may be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Grafton Baker $366 50 in full
for services rendered and expenses incurred by
him as bearer of dispatches from the Governor of
New Mexico to the President of the United States
in 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the joint reso-
lution from the Senate for extending an existing
contract for carrying the mail in Alabama.
Also, that they had non-concurred in the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House,
making appropriations for the supportof the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1855, concurred in the second, and concurred
in the third, with an amendment.
OREGON TERRITORIAL EXPENSES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the joint resolution of
the House of Representatives authorizing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
expenses of the Board of Commissioners appointed
by the Territorial Assembly of Oregon to prepare
a code of laws, also to adjust the expenses of col-
lecting and printing certain laws and archives of
the Territory of Oregon, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it back
without amendment, recommend its passage, and
ask for its consideration at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider the joint resolu-
tion. It proposes to authorize the accounting
officers to adjust the expenses mentioned, and to
pay the amount reasonably incurred from the
balance of the appropriation, forcompensation and
mileage of the members of the Territorial Legis-
lature, and of the officers and clerks, nowstanding
oil the books of the Treasury unexpended.  
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
.NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instrur ted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post louie from Memphis, Tennessee, via
Mound City, Arkansas, to Abetdeen, m Arkansas.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
granting the right of way and making a grant of
land to the State of Alabama, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad fiom Girard, Alabama, to
the city of Mobile; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the message from
the House in regard to the Military Academy bill
be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate, in which
the House non-concurred, was to add to the bilfc
the following:
"For repairs and additions to professors' quarters,
$5,000."
The second amendment in which the House
concurred, was to add the following:
" For cavalry exercise hali, §20,000."
The third amendment in which the House con-
curred with an amendment, was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Be it farther enacted, That the compensation of the
professors of French and diawing be made equal to that of
the professors of the other departments, and the compensa-
tion of the master of the sword be ® 1,400 per annum.
The amendment was to strike out the words:
" Professors of French and drawing be made equal to
that of the professors of the otliei departments, and the
compensation of tile"—
So as to make the section read:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the compensation of
the master of tiie sword be ®1,300 per annum. •
The PRESIDENT. What action will the Sen-
ate take upon the amendments?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am disposed to concur in
the action of the House. The difference is not
large; and I would rather close this bill, and have
it finally passed. We have gained something.
The House has agreed to the appropriation for the
riding hall, and I am rather disposed to concur in
their action, and endeavor at another time to ob-
tain the other appropriation which we proposed to
Mr. SHIELDS. I should prefer to obtain the
appropriations which we proposed to mak . Per-
haps, however, we had better comply with the
suggestion of the Senator from Virginia, though
I confess the amendment of the House to our third
amendment is very extraordinary. The honor-
able Senator can see that they have increased the
salary of the sword master, and have left the other
salaries as they were, thus leaving a marked dif-
ference between them. I think.it will be doing
injustice to those professors. However, rather
than hazard the bill, I will agree to it.
The amendment of the House to the third
amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
receding from the first amendment in which the
House non-concur.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think we ought, in justice
to those officers, to try and have our whole amend-
ment agreed to. I am satisfied that any one who
understands the subject will endeavor to give the
two professors a little additional salary. • If, how-
ever, the House shall insist on their amendment,
I shall consent at once to it.. I think, therefor®',
we had better disagree to the amendment.of the
House, and ask for a committee of conference.
If the honorable Senator from Virginia .will join
me in that, 1 think it will be the better course to
pursue. '
Mr. HUNTER. If the honorable Senator de-
sires a committee of conference, I will not oppose
him. I believe we have gained nearly all. we
wished. They have agreed to most of our amend-
ments; and although I believe the salaries of those
gentlemen ought to be.raised, I doubt whether it
is prudent to insist now on more than the House
has agreed to. It seems to me that something
should be due to the House, as they have given us
so much; but if the Senator prefers a committee
of conference, I will not object to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I prefer to take that course,
because I think we shall have a better chance to
do justice to those men. I do not see that it can
hazard the bill to ask for a committee of- confer-
ence, and I would rather that the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia would consent to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not suppose that the
House will defeat the bill for that; but inasmuch
as they had concurred in so much, I thought it
better for us to yield, and try to have our propo-
sitions agreed to next year.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move, then, that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House to ojtr
third amendment, and insist upon our first amend-
ment. ' .
The PRESIDENT. The vote will first have
to be reconsidered upon concurring in the amend-
ment of the House. The question is on reconsid-
ering that vote.
Mr. PRATT. Who made the motion to re-
consider?
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the Senator from Illinois
desires, a committee of conference, I will make
the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now make the motion that
the Senate disagree to the amendment of the House
to the third amendment of the Senate, insist on
the first amendment, and ask a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN ALABAMA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back, with-
out amendment, " A bill granting to the State of
Alabama, public lands in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a central railroad, from some
point on the boundary line of the States of Ala-
bama and Tennessee, to a point on the boundary
line of the States of Alabama and Florida." As,
owing to an accidental circumstance, the report
has been delayed, I ask that the bill may now be
put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the.bill as in Committee of the Whple.
Mr. CLAY. I move to dispense with the read-
ing of the bill, as it is in the usual form of similar
bills that have been passed at this session.
The reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RESCUE OF THE SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the present moment
is a favorable opportunity to call up a measure
which has been lying on the table for some weeks.
It is asubject which 1 think ought to have been acted
upon long ago. I refer to the joint resolution to
make some indemnification to the persons engaged
in the rescue of those who were on board the
steamship San Francisco at the time she was
wrecked. The claim is one of courtesy and gen-
erosity, and one which should be acted upon as
promptly, as possible. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from California, who made a minority report
upon the subject, is prepared to have the resolu-
tion taken up, and considered this morning.- - ■ ■
Mr. GWIN. Certainly. -= '*
Mr. SHIELDS. I move, then, that theSenate
pass by the previous orders, and proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution,.*" manifest-
ing the sense of Congress towards tfeeofficers and-
seamen of the vessels, and-others, engaged in-the
rescue of the officers and soldiers of the Army,
