264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
"Wisconsin. About the time of the difficulty
spoken of in the bill, his nephew was arrested for
passing counterfeit coin of the United States.
The facts of the case, which are all within my
knowledge, in relation to the passage of the money,
are these: Certain counterfeit quarter eagles had
got into circulation;suspicion fell upon the nephew
of Mr. Pettibone. He was arrested; and it was
proved that one of those pieces—one quarter eagle
—had been passed by him. Under the state of
alarm in which the young man was found, he
called upon his uncle, Sylvester Petubone, to be-
come his bail. Without any hesitation, and really
without much consideration, the old gentleman
became the bail.
Now comes something most mysterious in the
case.- The nephew has disappeared; he has gone
to some place unknown to the old gentleman. He
has not been heard of, so far as I have any knowl-
edge, within the city where he then lived, from
that day to this. Every inquiry, every exertion
has been made to produce him, but all has been a
failure. The old man does not to the present mo-
ment know where he is. The bail bond of this
young man with the old gentleman named in the
amendment was sued upon by the United States,
and judgment was obtained against him as surety
to the amount of something over $3,000. Pie
lives in the immediate vicinity of Milwaukie, and
has about seventeen acres of land upon which his
dwelling is situated. It is all the property he lias
in the world. His contiguity to the city, how-
ever, makes it valuable; and at the sale under the
execution upon the judgmentof the United States,
it was bid off at the amount of the judgment and
costs. The time for redemption under our statute
has expired, and it leaves this old man, who is
now something like seventy-two years of age,
without the first farthing on the face of the earth
for the supportof himself and a numerous family.
He has made application to the Treasury Depart-
ment for a stay in the matter, asking its indul-
gence for a little while longer in order that the
subject may be brought to the attention of Con-
gress,and that it may be ascertained whether they
will not relieve him. The Treasury Department
3ms postponed taking a deed for the property,
though the equity of redemption has expired, with
the view of seeing whether Congress will not do
something lor his" relief. The officers have also,
as I am informed, directed that the property shall
not be disposed of in the mean time by the United
States district attorney, or any other authority.
So the matter lies awaiting the action of Con-
gress upon the subject, if Congress is disposed to
take any action in the premises. The amendment,
however, proposes more than the old gentleman
asks for. He has said to me, as one of lus rep-
resentatives, that if Congress, or the Government,
will let him off by paying the costs and five hun-
dred dollars, he is willing to do it. All the injury
which the Government has sustained* was the
passage of one quarter eagle by the nephew of the
old gentleman. lie has lived a long life of in-
dustry. He is a temperate, worthy man. He is !
somewhat incapable of attending to lus own rights; ]
and [ have thought when this bill was pending, I
that I would ask ihe indulgence of the Senate to [
consider this proposition. i
Now, if it is deemed proper by the Senate to hold '
this old gentleman for some part of the amount, I :
am willing to put a provision in the amendment |
that he may be relieved by paying costs and y300,
un he pioposes; but at piesent the amendment j
stands a.* an entire acquittance to him under the ;
provisions of the bill to which it is offered. It1
merely provides that he shall pay the costs. 1 i
believe they now amount to something over £301). 1
If he deserves punisnment, that will be a sufficient :
punishment. If the Government seeks pecuniary
advantage from the transaction, he is willing to ,
pay §500 and the costs. I will, however, hear !
what may be said by others. If it is desirable, 1 j
will change the amendment so as to require the j
payment of ^500. j
Mr. HAMLIN. I will inquire of the Chair '
whether the amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair!
"will siate^ in reply to the Senator, that when fh*
amendment was offered he was under the impres- ■
s'on that it was not in older, and referred to the
rules of the Senate to see if the principles of par- .
lianientary law were modified. The experience
of the present occupant of the chair, as the Sen- I.
ate is aware, is but little. His impression, how-
ever, is, that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WALKER. If it is decided to be out of
order, of course it is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
HODGES AND LANSDALE.
The bill for the relief of Hodges & Lanedale,
and the legal representatives of Rinaido Johnson
and Ann E. Johnson, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered by jhe Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. There to several cases of
that class. The Senator from Maryland, who has
them in charge, is absent; and so is the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard,] who is opposed to
them, and who is prepared to make an argument
against them. At the request of the latter gentle-
man, I move that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUTON, WRIGHT, AND FISHER.
The bill for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to each
of the parties $5,000, as full compensation for the
past use of their machine for making and charging
percussion caps in the arsenals of the United
States, and also for the full, free, and undisturbed
use by the Government of the machine, together
with the patent right or rights to the machines or
im proven) en is.
On the introduction of percussion caps into our
military seivue a few years ago, the country was
entirely dependent upon caps of foreign manufac-
ture. Mr. Richard M. Bouton, in January, 1842,
at the request (if the commanding officer at Wa-
tervliet arsenal, New York, applied himself to
the study of their manufacture, and after several
years, constructed and put in operation a machine.
Since J845 it has been in successful operation in
that arsenal and the arsenal of the navy-yard in
this city. It has greatly decreased the price of
caps and the time necessaiy to make them. The
Committee on Military Affairs think, that from
the saving of time and labor and expense to the
Government, the inventor should be rewarded for
the discovery. However, there are two other
claimants, Fisher and Wright. The machine of
Mr. Fisher was in use in 1844, in the Washing-
ton arsenal, and has since been in successful
operation there. Wrfght ingeniously combined
the two former machines. The committee recom-
mend the appropriation as something in the shape
of a benefit and as a reward to the claimants for
their skill and inventive genius, and as an encour-
agement to otheis; and also m recognition of
some of the benefits which the Government has
derived from the free use of the invention.
Mr. BRIGHT As the chairmai! of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is not fy^sent to ex-
plain the bill, I move that its further Consideration
be postponed until Fiiday next.
Mr. WALKER. 1 hope not, unless the Sen-
ator is disposed to make serious opposition to it.
If he is not, no benefit can arise from the presence
of the Senator from Illinois. The subject has
been well considered, and we can act upon it.
This compensation should be made.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have nothing to say upon
the merits of the bill. I only know the facts as
they were disclosed by the reading of the report;
but there is not a quorum of Senators to vote upon
the bill if the yeas and nays should be called.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the suggestion of the
Senator from Indiana to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until next Friday will be
agreed to. It involves the consideration of rights
of rival patentees.
Mr. WALKER, f think not; if I understand
the reading of the report, the bill provides for the
benefit of all the claimants; is it not so?
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. It proposes to give
$5,000 to e.-ich.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is en-
titled u A bill for the relief of Richard M. Bou-
ton, George Wright, and the widow of Marvin
W. Fisher."
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the bill had better be
laid aside until Friday next.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] is now present.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will explain
the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. It relates to an invention for
the making of percussion caps. There are three
different parties who claim compensation for it.
The subject has been carefully examined by the
Committee on Military Affairs. The amount
which it appropriates is quite inconsiderable, and
it is distributed among the original inventors.
The first two made separate inventions; but the
third person has combined the two 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Fisher.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. Fisher has combined the
two, and made it much more beneficial. The in-
vention has been thoroughly examined bya board
of scientific officers, and the Department has
recommended the appropriation of a larger sum.
The committee, however, have made the appropri-
ation very low and reasonable. I hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. Do I understand the
Senator from Illinois to say that the appropriation
is sanctioned by the Department ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Does it recommend
the compensation?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The amount of the
appropriation in the bill is below the estimate of
the Department.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let us vote upon the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The provision of the bill
is to pay to each of the parties §5,000—that is
$15,000, a pretty large sum.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not know whether the
sum is large or not; but the Committee on Naval
j Affairs reported a bill at the last session giving
one of the parties £30,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would rather that the
subject should go over until Friday next. I con-
fess that I do not understand it. and I do not un-
derstand why this sum of §15,000 should be paid.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have not one particle'of in-
terest in this matter; but it has been before Con-
gress for three sessions. Last session the Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs reported a bill giving
$30,000 to one of the patentees. I took occasion
to arrest it, and to have it referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. We then had the invention
examined by a board of officers. It is an invaluable
invention, and cannot be compensated by §5,000 or
$20,000, or$50,0Q0; buttheseinventions were made
by men in the service of the United States, and
the United States was entitled at the time to the
benefit of their talents and labors. After a full
consultation with the head of the Engineer De-
partment, and the head of the Ordnance Depart-
ment, the appropriation has been reduced to this
small amount.
Mr. BRODHEAD. One reason why I ask
that the bill may go over is, that there is not a
quorum present; and in voting away such large
sums of money from the Treasury it seems to me
i that we ought to have quite a full Senate. I move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until Friday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I still think it had better
go over until Friday. There is not a quorum
here.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a quorum. Let us
have a vote, and we can ascertain. The honora-
ble Senator seems to have some peculiar objection
| to the bill.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; but when we pass
| a bill of this kind there ought to be something
I like a full Senate present. If there is a quorum
j here I have no objection to acting on the bill.
! Mr. SHIELDS There is a quorum. Let us
' have a vote.
; Mr BRODHEAD. Very well; I can object to
1 the third reading of the bill to-day.
j The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
I reading.
