$74
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
the passengers, and the officers and crew of the
steamship San Francisco, from perishing with the
wreck of that vessel."
Mr. HUNTER. I am anxious to have the
Senate fake up the Indian appropriation bill to-day.
I hope we shall devote this day to that bill; it is
time we were considering it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is the day which
was assigned for the consideration of the bill
giving a credit for a limited time on the duties on
railroad iron. There are many considerations
which, I think, appeal to us to dispose of that
subject. There are many gentlemen about to en-
gage in the manufacture of railroad iron, and it is
proper that that bill should be considered and dis-
posed of at an early day, in order that those who
are to be affected by it may know their fate.
They want to know whether they are to go on
with their business or not. I think, therefore, we
had better take up the bill which was assigned for
consideration to-day, and, at any rate, know
whether we are to consider it seriously or not.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to honorable Sen-
ators the nature of this case; and 1 think when
I do so, there can be no objection to our acting
upon the joint resolution to which I have referred.
A joint committee of fourteen was appointed
shortly after the unfortunate accident which occa-
sioned the loss of the San Francisco, to report
upon a suitable form of acknowledgment to the
rescuers of the persons on board that wreck. The
committee reported; but the consideration of the
subject has been postponed fromday today. Every
Senator knows that it is one of those peculiar
cases, appealing, as it were, to our courtesy,
which should have been acted on promptly, if at
all. The object of the joint resolution is to make !
some acknowledgment and some indemnification
to those who suffered in rescuing those poor un-
fortunate persons who were on hoard the Sun
Francisco. It has been put off from day to day.
If honorable Senatois will permit it to be taken
up ami acted on now, it will not take much time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I yield to the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that this day will be
given to the Indian appropriation bill. The joint
resolution which the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois proposes to take up will lead to debate. It
was reported by a divided committee, as I under-
stand, and there will be a debate upon it. It seems
to me that we had better take up the Indian appro-
priation bill, and go on with it. We know that
to-morrow is set apart for Executive business, and
it is important to have that bill passed as soon as
possible.
Mr. BADGER. I was desirous of having
called up to-day the bill to whichtheSenator from
Pennsylvania has alluded, respecting the duties
on railroad iron; but I cheerfully defer my wishes
on that subject, as he has defeired his, to enable
the Senator fiom Illinois toget the joint resolution
to which lie refers, passed. I really think weare
placed in a position m regard to it which is not
entirely respectful. It is, as the Senator from Il-
linois has said, a matter of courtesy and generosity
on the part of the Government. It has been de-
layed by various causes, without any fault or
blame; but I think that a longer procrastination of
it would not be right. It ought to be disposed of
one way or the other. I will say to my friend
from Virginia that it will not take long. Nobody
is disposed to protract it. There may be a little
discussion; but the joint resolution will only take
a very little time.
Mr. HUNTER. I know nothing of the merits
of the joint resolution, but I understand there was
a divided committee in relation to it,
Mr. Sihei/ds's motion was agreed to; and the
joint resolution was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to request the President of the United
States to procure three valuable gold medals, with
suitable devices, one to be presented to Captain
Creighton, of the ship Three Bells, of Glasgow;
one to Captain Low, of the bark Kilby, of Bos-
ton; and one to Captain Stouffer, of the ship Ant-
arctic, as testimonials of national gratitude for
their gallant conduct in rescuing about five hun-
dred Americans fiom the wreck of the steamship
San Francisco; and to direct that a sum not ex-
ceeding $100,000 be appropriated, to enable the
President to reward, in such manner as he may
deem most appropriate, the officers and crews of
those vessels that aided in therescueofthesurviv-
ors of the wreck, and such other persons as dis-
tinguished themselves by offices of humanity and
heroism on that occasion; the reward to be pro-
portionate to the nature of the efforts made, and
the merit of the services rendered, so far as the
same can be ascertained.
Mr. GWIN. I laid upon the table some weeks
ago, a substitute for the joint resolution reported
by the majority of the committee. I now move
to amend that resolution by striking out all after
the resolving clause, and inserting that substitute,
as follows:
That tho President of the United States be requested
to procure four valuable gold medals, with suitable devices,
one to be presented to Captain Creighton,ot theshipThree
Bells', ol Glasgow ; one to Captain Low, of the bark Kilby, j
of Boston; one to Captain Stouffer, of the ship Antarctic,
as testimonials of national gratitude for their gallant con-
duct in re>cunig about five hundred Americans from the
wreck of the steamship San Francisco; and one to Cap
tain Pendleton of the ship Lucy Thompson, as a testimo-
nial of national gratitude tor his gallant conduct in res-mi-
mg a laia:-- number ofthojc sufferers from the bark Kilby,
then in distress, and her crew and the survivors on board
m a state of extreme suffering.
Sec. 2. Jliulheitftntkerresolred, That the President be
also requested to reward the officers and crews of those
vessels that aided in the rescue of the survivors of said
wieek, and such oilier persons as distinguished themselves
by offices ol humanity and heroism on that occasion, by
presenting rhem Willi medals of gold, bitver, or bronze,
with suitable devices; the testimonials to be proportioned
; to the nature of the efforts made and the merits of the ser-
* vices rendered, so far as the same can be ascertained, and
j that such amount of money as may be necessary to carry
| out the object of this, resolution bp, and the same is hereby,
i appiopiiiited out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise uppropiiated.
i Mr. GWIN. i will state very briefly the rea-
' sons which have induced me to oiler the substi-
tute. 1 know that important and valuable services
j were rendered by the captains of these vessels
| and their crews; hut they have been rewarded by
! the people of the United States. A sum exceed-
ing #50,000 was raised in various cities of the
; Union, and it was distributed among the officers
! and men of these vessels. Each captain received
] a sum varying from $6,000 to $10,000, and the
j seamen have received sums from $600 to $1,000.
! In addition, the Government of the United States
' has paid the owners of these vessels laige sums of
j money for the services which they rendered and
.the losses which they sustained. The G-overn-
! mentpaid their accounts as they were rendered—
paid the precise amounts which they asked. For
i instance, the owners of the Three Bells charged
$35,000, and the quartermaster paid it forthwith;
the owners of the bark Kilby brought in a bill for
$15,000, and it was paid at once. What was
paid to the other vessels 1 have not ascertained.
The Antarctic went to Liverpool; and when I
made the examination, and expected to go into
the discussion of the question some weeks ago, a
return had not been received from that vessel; and
1 my attefftion has not been turned to the ([uestion
since
I My object is to give testimonials to these par-
! ties from the Government of the United States,
} such as will be preserved and held in high estima-
! tion by them. Heretofore, in the instances which
j are stated in the report made by the Senator from
, Illinois from the majority of the committee, there
have been appropriations of money paid from the
Treasury, because it was necessary in those in-
stances to make compensation to the owners of
the vessels. In this case, the San Francisco was
chartered by the Government for the purpose of
, conveying the third regiment of the United States ;
1 infantry to California; and the Government had j
! power, without further provision, to compensate j
' the parties who owned the vessels for the losses ;
1 which they sustained and the services which they ■
■ rendered. There are instances where laws have !
i been passed, by which small sums of money have j
j been appropriated from the Treasury for the pur- )
1 pose of rewarding individuals, and also for com- j
; pensating theowners of vessels. This case, how- I
ever, is not like any which has heretofore occurred, j
! In consideration of the vast sums of money which j
' have already been paid to these parties, and the I
, munificent manner m which the Government has j
1 paid the owners of vessels that rendered the ser- j
vice, it seems to me that the proper course for us 1
to adopt is to give testimonials in the way of
, medals—to give gold, silver, and bronze medals,
; subject to the discretion of the President of the
j United States.
There is one provision which the Senator from
Illinois, I have no doubt, will accept at once,
whether my proposition prevail or not. It is that
the commander of the Lucy Thompson shall also
be compensated. He went to the relief of the
bark Kilby when she was supposed to be in a sink-
ing condition, and took off all the soldiers who
were on board of her. My only object is not to
establish a precedent by which enormous sums
may hereafter be drawn from the Treasury for
services rendered in this form. The Government
of the United States has already compensated the
owners of the vessels. It has paid their accounts
as they presented them. The people of the United
States have raised a large sum of money and dis-
tributed it among the officers and seamen who
rescued the survivors. I think, then, we should
confine ourselves to what I have proposed in my
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from California is right when he says that
the people of the United States have collected large
sums of money, and rewarded, to some extent,
the men engaged in the rescue of those unfortunate
persons who were on board of the San Francisco
at the time of the disaster. He is also right, when
he states that the Government has indemnified the
owners of the vessels engaged in the rescue, for
the sacrifices which they made. But that does not
affect the object of this resolution in any one par-
ticular. The San Franctsco was chartered, and,
for the time being, belonged to the Government.
The men who were on board the vessel were the
troops of the Government. The men who were
rescued were the soldiers of the Government. The
property rescued belonged to the Government. ^
The fact that owing to the delay and procrastina-
tion of the Government in acting, the public came
forward, and, to some extent, indemnified these
men, only proves that, in the public estimation,
they deserved some reward, some indemnification,
some acknowledgment on the part of the nation.
A committee of fourteen was appointed by the
Senate and the House to take the subject into con-
sideration, and they brought forward this joint
resolution, which involves two propositions. It
proposes to give a gold medal to the captain of the
Three Bells, who well deserves it, as every
man will admit; to give a gold medal to the cap-
tain of the Antarctic, who also deserves it; and
a third medal to the captain of the bark Kilby,
of Boston. Then it proposes to enable the Presi-
! dent to reward, in such a manner as he shall deem
; best, (after appointing, perhaps, a commission for
! the purpose of ascertaining the facts,) all those
I who weie engaged in rescuing the poor unfortunate
m-'n on board of the San Francisco, whether the
rescuers belonged to these or to other vessels, or
to the San Francisco herself.
What the Government has already paid has
been paid to the owners of the vessels; but the
object of this resolution is to acknowledge and
reward the services of the captains, the seamen,
the soldiers, and the officers engaged in the rescue;
to acknowledge and reward every man who risked
his life to rescue those poor unfortunate men from
a watery grave.
Now, the Senator from California says that
the captain of the Lucy Thompson ought to re-
ceive a gold medal as well as the captains of the
other three vessels. I think if the honorable Sen-
ator considers the matter aright, he wili not insist
on that. The captain of the Lucy Thompson
did his duty. He did all that was required of
him. He found these persons in distress, and he
relieved them; but, sir, he made no sacrifice, he
incurred no risk, he hazarded neither himself
nor his vessel. It was not so with these other
men. They hazarded everything that men can
hazard here.
On the 22d day of last December, I think, the
San Francisco left the portof New York. On the
night of the 23d, in the very first storm which she
encountered, she was a wreck, floating at the
mercy of the waves on the ocean. On the next
morning she^was struck by a wave, and about
one hundred and fifty of those on board were
swept into the ocean. Among them was Colonel
Washington; and I cannot allow this occasion to
pass without saying a word in regard to that noble
officer, who is now lying at the bottom of the
Atlantic ocean. He was on deck with his com-
mand when the storm came on. He took shelter
m what was called a saloon, that is a painted
