1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the bill will have its third reading at this time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope it will be read a third
time.
Mr. DRODHEAD. I object. The rule is that
a bill cannot be read twice on the same day, if
objected to.
john g. mackall.
The bill for the rehefof the legal representatives
of John Gr. Mackall, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay the parties $4,450 as indemnity in full
for the loss of buildings destroyed by the enemy
during the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. BRIGrHT. I should like to hear some
one explain the provisions of the bill. It belongs
to a class of cases which have been voted down
here, time and again, to my knowledge. I do not
devStie to say anything upon the subject, but I
would like to hear it explained. I move to post-
pone its further consideration until Friday next,
when there will, perhaps, be some one here to
explain it.
The motion was agreed to.
uarah pre witt.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and represent-
atives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased, was read a
second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the parties to locate, on
any unappropriated public lands in Louisiana, the
quantity of four hundred and twenty-four acres;
and that on obtaining a proper certificate of the
location from the local land office, and under the
instruction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, a patent shall issue to them.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear the re-
port read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state what the bill
provides for. if I am not mistaken in the name,
it proposes to provide for a family who had a head-
right in Louisiana for six hundred and forty acres
of land. They had been in possession of the
property for a great many yeats, and were evicted
from it by a previous Spanish claim. Upon a
survey by the United States Land Office it turned
out that three or four hundred acres were taken
from them by a previous Spanish claim. Under
these circumstances, they ask for permission of
Navy had decided that his contract was "abro-
gated by the law abolishing the board." On the
same day he addressed a communication to the
Secretary, stating that he was then engaged in the
j execution of sundry oiders under his contract, and
: unless allowed to complete the work, he should be
subject to heavy losses. To this appeal he re-
ceived no answer until the 8th of November, when
he received a note from the Secretary, adhering
1 to his previous decision. Under these circum-
{ stances, he claims that, as he had made a good and
I valid contract with the authorized agent of the
| Government, and had, at considerable cost, made
I arrangements to fulfill the same, and was at all
; times prepared to do so, and while proceeding in
' good faith in its execution itwas abrogated by the
! agent of the Government, without any default on
! the part of the contractor, he is not only entitled
[ to be remunerated for the damages he suffered, but
! to be paid the amount of profits he would have
' realized by the fulfillment of the contract. He lays
; his damages at §2,000. The committee do not
! recognize the right of a public contractor to pros-
pective profits on an unexecuted contract, and
; therefore they did not sanction an allowance in
! the nature of damages beyond the loss actually
j incurred by the contractor by reason of his having
[ entered into the contract.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
i a third reading.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
• objection the bill will have its third reading at this
; time.
| Mr. BRIGHT. I object,
i william g. ridgely.
The bill for the relief of William G. Ridgely
was read a second time, and considered as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is one of the cases which
I ask, in behalf of the Senator from Delaware,
may be passed over. I therefore move to post-
pone its«further consideration until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
william g. williams.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Captain William G. Williams was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers of the Tieasury to adjust and
settle the accounts of the late Captain Wiilliam G.
Congress to locate their head-right in any other !' Williams, of the Corps of Topographical Engiri-
nart of the State.
Mr. WELLER. With that statement of'the
case, I withdraw my request for the reading of
the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
jacob gideon.
The bill for the relief of" Jacob Cfideon was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Third Auditor of the
Treasury to examine his claim arising under a
contract with the late Board ofNavy Commission-
ers, dated July 15, 1842, and to allow him such
actual damages, if any, as he shall satisfactorily
prove that he suffered, in consequence of the ab-
rogation of the con ti act by the construction given
by (he Secretary of the jSlavy to the act, entitled
" An act to reorganize the Navy Department of
the United States," approved August 31, 1842;
and it also proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasuiy to pay the sum so awarded, with
ihe limitation, however, that the sum so allowed
shall not exceed $1,000.
On the 15th of July, 1842, Mr. Gideon entered
into a contract with the Board of Navy Commis-
sioners to supply them with the blank-books,
blanks, &c., for the use of that branch of the
Navy Department for the ensuing year. On the
31st August following, the act abolishing the
Board of Navy Commissioners" was passed.
On the 5th September, Mr. Gideon was informed,
by Commodore Warrington, '1 that the change of
y , , 1.1
eers, and to allow the amount of certain vouchers
alleged to have been lost in consequence of his
having been killed in the battle of Monterey, not
exceeding <>300, the balance appearing against him;
and that the three months' extra pay allo.wed by
I the act of July, 1848, be paid to his widow or
I orphan children.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
I amendment; and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no j!
objection, the bill will now have its third reading, j
i Mr. BRIGHT. I object. j
i children op michael everly. i
The bill for the relief of the children of the late [
' Lieutenaj^ Michael Everly, a revolutionary of-
ficei, was^ead a second time, and the Senate pro.
ceeded to consider it as in Committee of the Whole
i It proposes to directtheSecretary of thelnterior
i to pay to the children of the late Michael Everly,
! of the Pennsylvania continental line, the amount
! which would have been paid him from the 3d of j
1 March, 182G, to 17th of March, 1827, under the |
' act of May 15, 1828, if he had lived to that date. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
; amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a j
third reading. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) If there be no objection, the bill
will now have its third reading.
[ Mr. BRIGHT. 1 object.
L Mr. FOOTE subsequently said: The Senator
i from Indiana who objected to the third reading of
' the bill for the relief of the children of the late
by uommouore warn,,gun ^ r; " ; Lieutenant Everly has withdrawn his oojection,
the boar,! into bureaus would maue no aheiauon | th Jfore, that Oie bill will now be
objection to
I will state
eading of several I
■ change m his engagement for books,"'ifcc., and
Gideon
bills for the reason that there seemed to beno Sen-
ator present who could vouch for their correct-
ness. I have objected to the reading of no bill when
a Senator was present to explain it, but I think it
proper to object when no Senator is willing to state
that he knows the bill to be correct; and I shall
continue that course. ~
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
the fleuriau claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
upon the Calendar is one "confirming a certain
land claim m Louisiana, known as the Fleuriau
Claim."
Mr. WALKER. Is that a private bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is upon the
list of private bills.
The bill was read a second time, and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to confirm the claim of the heirs,
assigns, and legal representatives of Charles J.
B. Fleuriau, orFloriau, to atract ofland described
m a petition, or request, addressed by Joseph Vil-
lars Dubreuil to the Governor and Commissary of
Marine, of the Province of Louisiana, on the 1st
of June, 1763; with a proviso that the act shall be
held and taken only as a relinquishment on the
part of the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The report on this bill is
perhaps longer than Senators would like to hear
lead, and if they will indulge me I will state, in a
very few words, the nature of this claim.
The object of the bill is to confirm the title of
some forty or fifty planters of Louisiana to the
plantations on which they live, and which have
belonged to them, and those under whom they
claim, for one hundred years. The difficulty that
has occurred is this:
The original title, under which these parties
claim, was issued by the officers of the French
Crown on the 1st of June, 1763. It appears that
the province of Louisiana was ceded to Spain by
a secret treaty on the 3d of November, 1762.
That treaty was only made known in Louisiana
on the 21st of April, 1764. So that the grant was
made by the officers of the French Crown while
the officers of France were in possession of the
territory, and while they were acting, as they be-
lieved, by virtue of the authority vested in them
as the colonial officers of the French Government.
That treaty was kept secret between the two king-
doms, and was only disclosed in 1764.
Since that period the Supreme Court of. the
United Slates has held that the grants made by the
officers of the Government which were de facto in
possession of the country, were made without
title, and that the persons claiming title under
such grants cannot uphold their claims against
the Government of the United States. The con-
sequence has been that parties who purchased in
good faith from officers who were de facto officers
of a Government, m apparent authority, with the
right to make these grants, have been deprived of
the property on which they and their ancestors
have lived for three generations. The object of
this bill is to confirm the title to these parties.
The lands consisted, in a great part, of swamp
lands. By the proofs before the committee it ap-
peared that some twenty or thirty miles of levees
have been built around the lands by the propri-
etors; that they have established them into sugar
plantations; that they have steam-draining ma-
chines upon them; and that, m fact, the whole value
uf the lands has been derived from the labor and
ctipital of the persons who are settled upon them.
Under these circumstances, it appears to me that
the simple statement of the facts will suffice to se-
cure for the bill the favorable consideration of the
I The'bill was reported to the Senate without
' amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
i thomas pember.
i The bill for the relief of Thomas Pember was
i read a second time, and consideied as m Commit-
| tee of the Whole.
j It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
I cers to adjust the accounts of Thomas Pember,
! and to pay to him the difference between the com-
! pensation of a captain's clerk and that of a pur-
1 ser while he acted in the latter capacity on the
j steamer Vixen, from October 23, 184S, to June
I 20, 1850, and while acting in the same capacity
