976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A pril 24.
leaving it to him to determine, without any restric-
tions whatever, and leaving him,with such advice
and such information as he can get, to pursue pre-
cisely that course which he shall deem to be best
and most appropriate.
1 think for that, if for no other reason, the re-
port of the committee should be sustained, in pref-
erence to the amendment which has been offered
by the Senator from California. I think the Gov-
ernment owes it to itself and to these men, that
there should be an appropriation fnade in the com-
mercial aspect of this question, as apart from that
which is a mere matter of tribute to the officers,
who may need no other compensation for the mer-
itorious services which they have performed. But
a commercial contribution to the soldiers and to
the seamen, who may have lost there all, is more
appropriate, or is quite as appropriate to a certain
extent, as would be the bestowal of medals in all
cases.
Mr. SLIDELL. T wish to ask the Senator
from Maine one question. He argues this point
as though, if the resolution should pass in the
form presented by the committee, it would be dis-
cretionary with the President what sum he should
expend for the objects contemplated by the reso-
lution. My own impression is, and I think it is
consistent with usage, that the President will con-
sider himself bound, m some form or other, to
expend the whole amount of the appropriation
among the persons who distinguished themselves
on this occasion. If the resolution be so amended
as to leave to the President the discretion to ex-
pend such sum of money as he may think proper,
without compelling him to disburse the whole
$100,000, 1 will vote for the resolution.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
perceive that that is the language of the resolution
now. The President is to disburse the sum in
any way that lie may think proper, to the per-
sons best entitled; but that sum is in no case to
exceed #100,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. That does not at all answer
my question. My desire is to know whether the
President will not consider himself bound, accord-
ing: to established usage, to distribute this sum of
$100,000, in some form or other, among the per-
sons who may have rendered distinguished ser-
vices upon this occasion.
Mr. HAMLIN. The second section of the
resolution, as reported by the committee, piovides:
"That a sum not exceeding $100,000 is herebv appro-
priated, out of any money m the Tnasuiy not oiheiwise
appropriated, to enable the Provident to reward, in such
manlier as lie may deem most appropriate, the ortieor* and
crews ol those vev*els that aided m the rescue ot the sur-
vivors of j aid wre<,k, and Midi other persons a> distin-
guished themselves hv olliees of humanity and heroism on
that oecntmm ; the reward to be proportionate to the nature
of the efioruv made and the merit ot tin; .services rendered,
so far as the liamo can be ascertained."
I will state to the Senator from Louisiana very
cheerfully what its my impression of the matter.
I will only say that I have never known an ap-
propriation made by Congress where a maximum
was fixed, where the executive officer has not al-
ways adopted the maximum in administering the
law; and I have no doubt, myself, that the Pres-
ident would deem it his duty to expend the whole
sum appropriated.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am extremely reluctant to
oppose an appropriation of this sort; but I cannot
reconcile it to myself to vote the public money
away in such a manner. I think it proper that the
people of the United States should not only give
some complimentary expression of their high opin-
ion of such a transaction, but also extend some
pecuniary compensation to the parties who were
so honorably engaged in it; but I venture to say
that, in the annals of this or any other country, i
no set of men on any occasion have ever been so 1
beneficently rewarded as have been the persons
engaged in the rescue from the San Francisco.
Consult the annals of the British Government,
which has always been extremely liberal in such
cases. I have not had occasion to refer to them
lately; but I am very sure that, under no circum-
stances, has any greater reward been extended ;
by the British Government towards persons who :
rescued its citizens from shipwreck, than a medal !
-occasionally; and, in one instance, I believe, <£1,000. ,
Now, we are told that m this case $50,000 1
have been already disbursed by the Government; I
$60,000 have been distributed among the officers j
.and crew of two ships; and, I believe, some $2,000 I
have been given for some complimentary presents
to one or two officers of the Army and Navy.
We ought to look forward. These things are
of a great deal of interest. I do not see that these
people are entitled to call upon the Government of
the United States for remuneration m this case,
because the persons rescued were in the employ of
the Government. I do not conceive that that at
ail changes the merits of the case. Instances of
the kind, sir, are occurring every day. It was not
more than ten or fifteen days after the arrival of
the persons who were rescued from the San Fran*
cisco, that a ship, called the Henry Grinnell, ar-
rived in port, having saved from two ships some
twenty or thirty persons. Now, why are not the
captain and crew of the Henry Grinnell entitled,
in some degree, not to the same extent, to some
compensation as much as these parties?
It appears to me that the proper mode is to pass
some general law on the subject. I think it is
highly proper, under all circumstances, to com-
pensate the officers of the vessel by whom property
is rescued, for their benevolent efforts, and to
compensate the officers and crew who expose them-
selves personally for the purpose of saving those
who are shipwrecked. I think we ought to adopt
some general law; and if the chairman of the com-
mittee who reported this lesolution will introduce
some joint resolution or bill to that effect, making,
not only a provision for this case, but a prospect-
ive provision for all cases of a similar character,
I shall most cheerfully vote for it.
In order to enable the President to carry into
effect the provisions of the substitute offered by
the Senator from California, I will move to strike
out " 100," and insert "20," so as to make the
appropriation $20,000. That will be sufficient for
all the purposes.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall support the chair-
man of the committee who reported this joint
resolution; and the only regi et 1 have on the sub-
ject is, that the resolution has been postponed to
so late a day as this. It was reported upon the
6th of February, and if it was proper at all to pass
it, it loses much of its grace by the delay; so that
I must express my regret that the vote has not
been taken at an earlier day.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will set him right on that point. I
acted as the organ of the committee in bringing
forward this resolution and report. I endeavored
to have it called up, until I got ao tired that I had
to abandon it. I came very near losing it to-day.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not mean to accuse
the chairman of the committee of producing the
delay in not bringing this up before.
Mr. GVVIN. Mr. President—
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Florida
is entitled to the iloor.
Mr. G WIN. J have on more than one occasion
been charged with the delay m this matter. It was
called one day when 1 was not here. I was
necessarily absent at the time, and the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. SlidellJ stated that I desired to be
present when it was considered, and that 1 was pre- 1
pared to oilerasubstitutefortheresolution. I have
always been ready ever since, and was ready on
the first day that the joint resolution was intro-
duced, to give my objections and my reasons
why 1 was opposed to it. It has never been de-
layed one day, on my account, except that on
which I was absent.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not mean to say, or
to indicate in any way, that the delay has been
the direct result of any gentleman. 1 only ex- !
pressed my regret that an act of grace of this
character had been postponed. Why, sir, <vhat t
is the object of giving a reward of this character?
What is the philosophy of the proposition, if it be !
not to stimulate men in the position of these res- 1
cuers to go out under similer circumstances, and !
perform the same high duty > There is no prop- !
erty at stake heie. There was no fund out of
which the persons could be rewarded. It is the
noblest effort, perhaps, m which any one can be
engaged—the salvation of life under such circum-
stances as these; and, Mr. President, there was a
moral bravery connected with this act which may
very well influence us in our action. I repeat,
there is no fund here out of which compensation
can be made. If there has! been a fund, I have
not the slightest doubt that the rescuers would ,
have obtained a far greater amount of compensa- j
tion than that which the select committee reported, i
In one case, the case of the British frigate Venus,
salvage was awarded, where no life was at stake,
merely for the salvation of property; but, sir,
situated as we are here, soon to be the largest com-
mercial Power on earth, it is highly important
that we should embrace, not that we should lose,
an opportunity to show our readiness to reward
actions of this kind. In speaking of the moral
greatness of the transaction, I will remind the
Senate that there have been two or three expres-
sions used in modern naval warfare which have
been handed down to posterity, and kindled the
hearts of those who were called to engage in bat-
tle. You recollect distinctly the flag which Nel-
son spread out before his fieet-^" England expects
that every man will do his duty." You recollect
also the last woi ds of our own hero: <{ Don 'tgive
up the ship." When we recollect words of this
kind, and see how they spur men forward to acts
of bravery under all circumstances in which they
may be placed, we ought to recollect with much
pleasure the words of the captain of the Three
Bells, which the chairman of the committee has so
well described in his report. Finding his voice
drowned by the storm, he bade the men to mount
the rigging and give them three cheers, the only
indication which he could throw out that he would
not desert the wreck. There was a moral great-
ness in that, and we should reward it in a suitable
manner.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana has
spoken of the extravagance of the reward pro-
posed. Sir, this was a most extraordinary case.
It is the first case, and the only one that has ever
occurred in the history of our Government; and,
as 1 before remarked, as the first commercial
Power on earth, who have more tons afloat than
any other nation, it is peculiarly incumbent upon
us to show ourselves always willing to induce
men to go out when no certain reward can pos-
sibly arise from the property saved, in order to
save lives.
The Senator from California, in his argument
upon the subject, seems to look at the amount.
Should we hesitate about the amount in interests
of this kind? Can werewardthesemenatall? Can
any amount that we can reasonably give reward
conduct of this kind? Sir, there are thousands
of men upon the ocean who would be exceedingly
happy to perform the service fornothing, without
hope of reward. Their generosity would lead
them to do it; but that is no reason why we
should not reward them.
The argument is also adduced, that the people
have come forward and rewarded these parties.
Is that any reason why the Government of the
United States should not manifest, in its capacity
as a Government, its appreciation of this conduct?
No, sir. If it be any argument at all, it is a
stronger one in favor of the proposition. The
people themselves have spontaneously set an ex-
ample as to what we should do. Should we hesi-
tate, as a Government, to acknowledge the pro-
priety of the conduct which the people have ap-
proved? I say that if there is any validity in the
argument at all, it renders it more incumbent upon
the Government to make the reward. I shall
have no hesitation in voting for the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to amend the substi-
tute of the Senator from California by inserting:
That the President be authorized to appropriate a sum
not exceeding £-20,000.
Mr. GW1N. The second section, I believe,
authorizes the President of the United States to
give medals to the different parties, and to pay for
them out of any money in theTreasury not other-
wise appropriated. The Senator can attain his
object by adding a proviso that this sum shall
not exceed ^0,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the amendment to the
amendment in the following form:
And that such an amount of money, not exceeding #20,000,
as may be necessary to carry out the object of the resolu-
tion, be, and the f.utie is hereby, appiopriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to accept that.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to. After we have seen the expres-
sions and manifestations of gratitude which have
been given by the citizens of the United States to
these meritorious men, it does seem to me that it
would be much more satisfactory to the people
that we should award nothing at all, than that we
should differ upon the sum, and cut it down from
