1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
PERSONAL EXPLANATION".
Mr. DENT. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make an explanation personal to
myself.
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made, the
gentleman will proceed. The Chair hears ho ob-
jection.
Mr. DENT. On last Tuesday, when the vote
was taken upon the proposition to lay upon the
table a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the 'joint lesolution to confer the title of lieuten-
ant general by brevet was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I was in my seat and voted affirmatively. My
name does not appear upon the record; and I see,
also, that in the Daily Globe my name does not
appear. I have ascertained from the Clerk that,
from the noise in the House at the time, he did
not hear my response when my name was called.
I desire that my name may be entered upon the
record.
No objection was made, and the Journal was
corrected accordingly.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the rules of
the House be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman, before that motion is put, the Chair
will present a communication to the House.
The SPEAKER thereupon presented to the
House a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the
third section of the act of the 20th of April, 1836,
entitled "An act to carry into effect the treaties
concluded with the Chickasaw tribe of Indians on
the 20th of October, 1832, and the 24th of May,
1834," a detailed statement of the Register of the
Treasury, showing the amounts credited and the
sums charged on account of the respective trusts
created under the said treaties upon the books of
the Treasury, during the year 1853; also, the
statementof theCommissionerof the General Land
Office, showing the sales of land m the Chicka-
saw cession during the year 1853.
Mr. HOUSTON. The communication just
read, seems to be a history of the management of
the trust fuud held by the Government of the
United States for the Chickasaw tribe of Indians,
and 1 suppose the proper disposition of it will be
to refer it to the Committee on Indian Affairs, that
they may examine it. 1 therefore make the motion
to refer the communication to that committee,
and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
it will be so ordered.
A communication was then laid before the
House from the Department of the Interior, sub-
mitting an estimate for the salaries and incidental
expenses of the commissioners appointed by the
act of 3d of March, 1851, for settling land claims
in California. . .
Mr. HAVEN. The communication evidently I
is an estimate in reference to that commission. 1 ;
move to refer it to the Committee on Ways and |
Means, and that it be printed. ;
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, !
it will be so oidered. . |
A communication was then laid before the .
House fiom the Commissioner of Public Build- ]
ines, transmitting copies of contracts made from ;
January 1, 1*53, and January 1, 1854, with the ;
names of the applicants for said contracts, with the ,
respective bids. , ,, 1
Mr. rAYLOR., of Ohio. I move to refer the >
communication to the Committee on PubhcBuild- j
inLrs ami Grounds.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,it
will be so ordeied.
SENATE BILLS.
The fo'iou'in"' Senate bills upon the Speaker s
table wete then taken up, read the first and second
time by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
10 An art for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives Of William Weeks.'; Referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
" An act lor the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Daniel Loomis, deceased. ' Referred to
the Committee on Claims. .
" BUI for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia." Referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divi-
sion, for the purpose of ascertaining whether there
be a quorum present or not. 1 do not believe there
is a quorum in the House.
The question was put; and 125—a quorum—
rose in the affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
PRIYATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Hibbard
in the chair,) the business in order being the con-
sideration of bills upon the Private Calendar.
The first bill in order was Senate bill (No. 2)
" to indemnify the State of Indiana for the failure
of title to a township of land granted to said State
on her admission into the Union m 1816."
Mr. HENDRICKS. If there be no objection
to this bill, 1 move that it be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
Mr. M1LLSON. I would inquire of the Chair
if this is objection day?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it is.
Mr. MILLSON. I would like to have an ex-
planation of some features of that bill before it is
reported to the House. I suppose under the
rules none can be given to-day, and 1 do not there-
fore like to have it reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object?
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose that discussion is
equivalent to objection. 1 cannot consent that the
bill be laid aside with a recommendation that it
pass, without some information which I desire to
have; and as this information cannot be given
without necessarily involving discussion, it of
course cannot be laid aside with the recommenda-
tion that it pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there can be no
objection to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Virginia to object to the
bill?
Mr. MILLSON. Under the circumstances I
must object.
The bill was therefore passed over.
The next bill in order was House bill (No. 51)
" for the relief of the widow and heirs of Elijah-
Beebe."
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make an inquiry
which may lead to the saving of a great deal of
time and trouble about this business.. I notice
that several of these bills were objected to on last
objection day. Would not that objection prevail
for this day as well as the last?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so supposes,
unless the objection be withdrawn.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not think that
has ever been the practice under the rule. When
a bill upon the Calendar is called on the first or
fourth Friday in the month,and any member ob-
jects to it, it goes over for that day. Next objec-
tion day, if the bill has not been disposed of m the
interim, it must again be called, and if not again
objected te, must be laid aside. I think that has
been the practice.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Chair asks if
there be objection to a bill, and none is made, the
understanding of the Chair will be that any for-
mer objection has been withdrawn.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say that I did not
put the inquiry to the Chair with a view of em-
barrassing any of these bills, but merely for the
purpose of information.
The CHAIRMAN. If not objected to, this
! bi'l will be laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it.
I House bill (No. 54) " for the relief of Madison
Parton" was next in order on the Calendar.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that that bill be laid
aside to be leported to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think there is an
amendment pending to that bill. When we were
last in Committee of the Whole House on the
!i Pnvate Calendar, I moved to strike out so much
I of the bill as allows interest. _
i! Mr. HILLYER. I have no objection to that
i! amendment going to the House.
The question was then taken UDon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 58) " for settling the claims Of
the legal representatives of Richard W. Meade,
deceased," coming up next in order, was objected
to by Mr. Mace.
The following bills, coming up in their order,
were objected to, as indicated below:
No. 59. "A bill for the relief of Samuel Colt."
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher and others, in va-
rious parts of the Hall.]
No. 63. " A bill for the relief of Charles Lee
Jones." [Objected to by Mr. Walsh.]
No. 99. "A bill for the relief of Captain George
Simpton, of Galveston." [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of New York.]
No. 103. "A bill for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark." [Objected to by Mr. Davis, of Indiana.]
No. 104. " A bill for the relief of Adolphus
Meier & Co., ofSt Louis." [Objected to by Mr
Davis, of Indiana.]
The following bill was taken up in its order:
No. 98. "A. bill for the relief of Henry Lewis,
of Clinton county, Indiana."
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] will
withdraw that bill.
Mr. MACE. I do notknow that it is my duty
to do so. The Committee on Claims instructed
me to report it to the House, and they have not
yet reconsidered that report. Whenever they do,
I shall withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee on Claims
had a subsequent consideration on the matter, and
they thought that it had not better be reported.
Mr. MACE. I have never been notified offi-
cially of that action.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the bill.
The next bill in order coming up for consider-
ation was House bill (No. 105) "for the relief of
Wilson and Brothers, of St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The same question
is involved in this as in several of the others ob-
jected to. I therefore object to it.
The bill was laid over under the rule.
The next bill in order which came up for con-
sideration was House bill (No. 107) "for the re-
lief of Robert Grignon."
The Clerk was proceeding to read the bill and
report, but was interrupted by—
Mr. JONES, of New York. Mr. Chairman, it
is evident that the bill will lead to debate. 1 there-
fore object to it. Let it be laid over.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection for a moment.
Mr. JONES. I have read the bill, and am in
doubt now as to its correctness, and I think it had
better be passed over.
Mr. LETCHER. I will not insistupon it;but
I wish the gentleman would withdraw it for'a mo-
ment, to allow me to make a statement.
Mr. .TONES. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I have taken some trouble
since the last consideration of private bills to look
into this matter at the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and I am satisfied that there is
due the sum of $19,0110.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I object to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. If the bill gives lise to de-
bate it must go over.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not propose to discuss
the bill. I was simply making, a statement of the
facts, which I thought would obviate all objec-
tions. The provision in the treaty of 1836 with
that tribe was amended by the Senate by striking
out this allowance to the petitioner, and therefore
there is no recognition of Grignon m the treaty ,
as it now stands. I therefore propose to amend
the bill so as to let the money be paid to the Me-
nomonee tribe of Indians, and let them assign it
over to him if he is entitled to it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out the words « Robert Grignon," and insert in
lieu* hereof the word* " the representatives of the. Me-
nomonee tr.be of Indians, or their assigns."
The question was then taken upon the amend
ment, and it was agreed to. .
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside to be reported to the
House.
