THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Ses
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1854.
New Series....No. 62.
$100,000 to $20,000. These men are entitled to
some reward, to some acknowledgment from the
country, or they are not. They are entitled to
some reward from the Government, or they are
not. There is no one here or elsewhere who will
maintain that a higher act of heroism in civil life
has ever occurred, or can ever occur. Such an
act, then, deserves acknowledgment. The very
nature of the transaction itself is an evidence of its
Merit; and all civilized nations regard services of
this kind as magnanimous, heroic, and worthy of
reward. It is a principle of maritime law that he
who shall venture his life, or even his property, at
sea, in tempests and storms, to protect the prop-
erty of another, much more to protect the life of
one or of many, is entitled to what, under other
circumstances, would be called an extravagant re-
ward. The law divides, by way of salvage, the
whole value of the property saved, between the
original owner and those who saved it from de-
struction.
If the Government of the United States is to
make a special acknowledgment, as it is agreed on
all hands it should, of this great act, the sum
which that acknowledgment shall cost is to be
fixed with reference to our position and character
not less than with refeience to the greatness and
heroism of the transaction itself. In regard to the
first, I need not say to Senators that we have to
sustain a character which we are perhaps too
proud in claiming, as not inferior to any other
commercial or political power on earth. Then
the next consideration is the greatness and hero-
ism of the transaction itself, as compared with
others of asimilar nature; and on this subject I am
sure that there- is a unanimous agreement, that the
history of naval and maritime affairs presents no
transaction in which more devoted, persevering,
self-denying hardships were undergone, from mo-
tives of mere benevolence and humanity, than in
this case. Then with reference to the effect of
this proceeding as an example, by way of encour-
agementto similar deedsof heroism. If the amount
is to be restricted, it must be wholly through fear
that some evil will come from this legislation as a
precedent? Wow, is any man afraid, by appro-
priating $100,000 to signalize the public appre-
ciation of conduct such as that which elicits this
reward, that we shall encourage too bold, too
heroic, too disinterested conduct, in cases of peril
and shipwreck, on the part of American seamen,
or of seamen throughout the civilized world? Cer-
tainly not. There is no danger of that.
I repeat, sir, if we are, by a special act of this
kind, to show our appreciation of such conduct,
it should be commensurate with the greatness of
the transaction itself. I am sure that if such a
proposition had been made when the intelligence
of the disaster and the partial salvage first reached
the Capitol, there is no man who would have been
for cutting down the appropriation then to $20,000,
We have no claim of property now to settle. We
owe, practically, no debts. We have a large sur-
plus m our Treasury. We are rich. We are
strong; and a Government which has no use for
its surplus funds, except to buy up its own per-
fectly safe bonds at an advance of fifteen cents on
a dollar, ought to make a liberal reward for bene-
fits conferred by others at the peril of the property
and lives of those who confer them, or it ought not
to make a mockery of the virtue of gratitude at
all. Let us, then, sustain our own character,and
encourage our own seamen, and those of all na-
tions, to emulate the achievements of the saviors
of those who were perishing on the wreck of the
San Francisco.
Mr. GWIN asked for the yeas and nays on his j
amendment; and they were ordered; and being j
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Butler, Clay,Dawson,Dodge i
of lovvii, Evartf, Fitzpatrick, Gwm, Hunter, Norris, Pratt, i
R-k. Sebastian, SiidWI, Toombs, and IK.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Bright, Brown, i
Cooper,Everett, Fish, Foot, Geyer,Hamlm,Jone8ofIowa, I
Mallory, Pettit. Seivard, Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Wade, and Wright—21.
So it was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT, subsequent to the declaration
62
of the vote, explained that it was his intention to
vote for the smallest sum, and hence that his vote
should be recorded in the affirmative.
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out "$100,000,"
and insert " $50,000," and on that amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Butler, Clay, Daw-
son, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwin, Hunter, Jones ot
Tennessee, Norns, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, and Wiihams
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Brown, Cooper,
Everett, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, Mallory, Seward, Shields,
Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and Wright-—16.
So it was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
On the question of ordering the resolution to be
engrossed for a third reading, Mr. Toombs called
for the yeas and nays;and they wereordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 16; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Chase, Cooper,
Everett, Ft*.h, Foot, Geyer, Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee,
Mallory, Pearee, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Stuart, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter. Noma, Pettit, Pratt,
Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Williams—16.
The resolution was then read a third time, and
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1855; which
had been reported from the Committee on Finance
with amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we shall get along
faster, if the Secretary will read all the amend-
ments, and if there be any to which any Senator
excepts, he can name it, and ask for a separate
vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
If there be no objection, that course will be pur-
sued.
The amendments of the committee were as
follows: To insert—
For pay of five Indian sub-agents, for California, at an
annual salary of $1,500 each, $7,500;
For pay of four Indian sub-agents in Oregon Territory,
at an annual salary of $1,000 each, $4,000;
For pay of two Indian sub-agents in Washington Terri-
tory, at an annual salary of $1,000 each, $2,000;
! For pay of three Indian agents in Washington Territory,
for six months, ending June 30, 1851, $2,950 ;
For pay of two Indian sub agents in Washington Terri-
tory, for six months, ending June 30, 1854, $1,000;
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, $3,000 ;
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, for six months, ending June 30, 1854,
$1,500;
For erecting buildings for Indian agents in Washington
Territory, $5,000 ;
For the reappropnation for expenses of the removal of
the Catawba Indians to the west of the Mississippi river,
and of settling and subsisting them one year in their new
homes, provided that a home shall first be obtained for them,
and that they shall be removed only with their own con-
sent, $5,000.
In the clause;
For payment to the Chickasaw nation in full of the ex-
penses of their commissioners in negotiating the treaty of
June 22, 1852, $i,0()0,
—to strike out "June 22, 1852, $1,000," and
insert:
—the 22d of June, 1852, as stipulated in the ninth article of
said treaty, $1,500.
In the following: clause to strike out J<28th"
and insert " 29thr'
Fo  eighteenth oftwenty installments for the purchase of
provisions, stipulated in the second article of the treaty of
the 28th ofJuly, 1837, $2,000.
In the following clause to strike out " thirteen"
and insert " thirteenth:'*
For thirteen of twenty-five installments for the purchase
of provisions and tobacco, stipulated In the fourth article
of the treaty of the 4th of October, 1843, $2,000.
In the following clause to strikeout "eighteen"
and insert " eighteenth;"
For eighteen of twenty installments for iron and steel for
shops, stipulated in the thirteenth artieleofthe treaty of the
24th of March, 1832, $540.
To insert the following: *
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Navajos, pursu-
ant to the requirements of the tenth article of the treaty of
September 9th, 1849, $5,000.
In the following; clause to strike out " 27th"and
insert " 20th:"
For iuterest to he paid as annuity, on $200,000, at six per
cent, per annum, stipulated in the resolution of the Senate
of the 27th of May, 1836, $12,000.
In the following clauses to strike out "eighteen"
and insert" eighteenth:"
For eighteen of twenty installments as annuity in goods,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the 29th of
September, 1837, $10,000;
For eighteen of twenty installments for the purchase of
medicines, agncultural implements, and stock, and for
support of farmers, physicians, and blacksmith, stipulated
in the second article of the treaty of the 29th of September,
1837, $8,250.
In the following clauses to strike out "third"
and insert" fourth," and strikeout " of interest:"
For third of fifty Installments of interest, at the rate of five
per centum, on $1,360,000, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the 23d ofJuly, 1851, $68,000 ;
For third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of
five per centum, $112,000, being the amount in lieu of the
reservation set apart in the third article per Senate's amend-
ment to treaty, 23d July, 1851, $5,600;
For third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of
five pei centum,on $1,160,000,stipulated in thefourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the 5th of August, 1851, $58,000 ;
For third of fifty installments of interest, at the rate of
five per centum, on $69,000, being the amount allowed in
heu of the reservation of lands set apart by the third article
per Senate's amendment to treaty of 5th of August, 1851.
$3,450.
To insert the following:
For payment to Thompson Connoly and James Connoly,
children of John Connoly, deceased, $200.
Slockbridges.—For the removal of the Stockbridge In-
dians to the country west of the Mississippi river, which
has been selected for and approved by them, and for sub-
sistence for one year, stipulated in the eighth article of the
treaty of 24th November, 1848, $7,000.
Utah*—For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Utahs,
pursuant to the requirements of the eighth article of the
treaty of December 30,1849, $5,000.
In the following clause to strike out "twenty-
six" and insert " twenty-sixth:"
I For twenty-six of thirty installments as annuity,stipulated
in the second article of the treaty of the 1 st of August, 1829,
$18,000.
In the following clause to insert before " treaty "
the words " fifth article of the:"
For twenty-third of twenty-seven installments for pay of
two physicians, stipulated in the tieaty of the 15th of Sep-
tember, 1832, $400;
To insert the following:
Foi the expenses of holding a council with, and making
presents of goods and provisions to, the Blackfret, Gros-
ventres, and other wild tribes of Indians, immediately
within or adjacent to the eastern boundary of Washington
Territory, $100,000.
To strike out of the following clause the words
and farming to the lands," and insert "to the
bands."
For the expense of making presents of agricultural imple-
ments and farming to the lands of Pueblo Indians, in the
Territory of New Mexico, $10,000: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior may, if in his discretion the public
interests require it, be authorized to use any part of the ap-
propriations herein made for making treaties in Oregon,
Washington, Utah, and New Mexico, and for holding coun-
cils at Fort Benton, prior to the commencement of the next
fiscal year.
To insert the following:
For adjusting difficulties and preventing outbreaks among
the Indians in Oregon Territory, $10,000;
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
Oregon Territory, $10,000;
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
Washington Territory, $15,000;
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
the Territory of New Mexico, $25,000;
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service ifi
the Territory of Utah, §20,000;
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
the Territory of U tab, during the year ending June 30,1854,
$10,000;
For general incidental expenses in the Indian service in
Washington Territory, for six months, ending June 30,
1854. $5,000;
For payment of balance due for transportation of presents.
