268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
Mr. MAURICE. I object.
So the bill was passed over.
The next bill that came up in order for consid-
eration was House bill (No. 108) " for the relief
of George G. Bishop and the legal representa-
tives of John Arnold, deceased;" which being
objected to by Mr. Clingman, was passed over.
The next bill coming up in order upon the Cal-
endar was House bill (No. 120) " for the relief of
Henry N. Haistead."
The bill and report were then read.
The petitioner in this case alleges that he was
in the service of the United States in the year
1814, in a company commanded by Captain John
G. Weaver, of the New York militia, at Sack-
ett's Harbor; that his service commenced op the
22d of August, 1814, and ended on the 9th of No-
vember following, when he was regularly dis-
charged on account of sickness; that his sickness
was the camp disorder, and has continued to the
present time, which has greatly disabled and en-
feebled him. The bill reported by the committee
provides a pension at the rate of four dollars per
month, commencing on the 1st of January, 1845.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The next bill in order was House bill (No. 121)
"for the relief of Benjamin Hammond."
The bill and report were read through by the
Clerk.
The bill provides that the name of Benjamin
Hammond be placed upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the first day
of January, 1854, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The report states that the petitioner was a ser-
geant in Captain Badger's company, in the regi-
ment commanded by Colonel Thom, in the artil-
lery, in the war of 1812. Upon one occasion the
colonel was informed that two men, suspected of
being spies, had been in the camp, and had es-
caped. He ordered the petitioner to take a suffi-
cient force, follow, and, if possible, secure them.
The pursuit was made in the night, and in the
woods; and the petitioner, in the discharge of this
duty, fell, and the bone of his right thigh was
fractured, and he was otherwise injured. The
injury compelled him to leave the service. He se-
cured the best surgical treatment at his command,
but the injured thigh was but partially restored.
He has ever since been lame. The broken limb
is much decayed, and so worthless that the peti-
tioner goes upon crutches.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 propose to ask the chair-
man of the committee who reported the bill a
question. I suppose that committee has reported,
or will report, upon the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Interior, in ielation to a periodi-
cal examination of invalid pensioners. If they
propose to report a hill of this character, I would
suggest whether it would not be well enough to
make an amendment to this bill, subjecting it to
that sort of test? Or does the committee propose
to report a general provision covering all that
class of cases ?
Mr. HENDRICICS. The committee have not
considered that subject with reference to any defi-
nite action, as yet. Whether a bill will.be report-
ed by our committee, providing for a periodical
examination of invalid pensioners, I cannot say,
but I think there is no propriety in adding any
such provision as the gentleman suggests to this
bill. This man will certainly never get well. lie
has been lame ever since 1814, and there is barely
a possibility of his ever being any better.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that
claim, but the Secretary of the Interior reports
that frauds, to very extensive amounts, are prac-
ticed upon the Pension Bureau by persons who
obtain pensions as invalids, and afterwards re-
cover, but continue to draw pensions while in
perfect health. Hence he proposes to subject all
cases of that soit to a periodical examination. I
think it a good suggestion, and I hope the gentle-
man will consider it, and report a bill that will
include this case as well as all others. If the pe-
titioner is really an invalid such a provision could
not affect his case.
HKNDRICKS. The Committee on In-
valid Pensions have been considering that subject,
hSi Ve ma(*e no Vision upon it as yet. If such
a bill as the gentleman suggests was passed, zt
could be made to include all pensions under spe-
cial acts.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I have no objection
to this bill.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 122) " for the relief of Henry
J. Snow, of Rome, in the State of New York,"
was next in order upon the Calendar.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Henry J. Snow, of Rome, in
the State of New York, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners of the United States, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1854, and continue during his natural lite.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 ask that the report accom-
panying that bill may be read.
The Clerk read the report, from which it ap-
pears, that in April last the petitioner in this case
was employed by the officer in command at the
military post at Rome, in the State of New York,
to load and discharge guns on the occasion of the
death of the Hon. William R. King, Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, and while so employed,
by the premature discharge of one of the guns, his
right arm was torn off, his right eye destroyed,
and he was otherwise injured. The accident oc-
curred without fault or negligence on the part of
the petitioner, who is but thirty-seven years of
age, and has a wife and five children dependent on
him for support.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 123) "for the relief of Charles
Staples " was next in order upon the Calendar.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 ask for the reading of the
report.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the report has not been printed.
Mr. WALSH. Then 1 must object to the bill
House bill (No. 121) "for the relief of Lemuel
Hudson" came up next in order.
The bill provides that the name of Lemuel Hud-
son, who was formerly surgeon of the twelfth reg-
iment, fourth brigade, New York militia, of the
war of 1812, be entered upon the pension rolls,
and that he be paid the sum of $22 per month for
and during his natural life, commencing the 1st of
January, 1852.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that the said Lemuel Hudson was surgeon of the
twelfth regiment, fourth brigade, New York militia,
commanded by Colonel John T. Van Dolfsen, and
which was ordered to march from Albany county,
New York, to Sackett's Harbor, by Governor
Tompkins, in the summer of 1812; that said regi-
ment marched'from Albany county on or about
the 15th day of August, 1812, and was accom-
panied by satd Hudson, then a stout and healthy
man, as surgeon; then when at the town of Cham-
pion, Jefferson county, New York, thirty miles
from Sackett's Harbor, the legiment was over-
taken by a heavy storm of snow and sleet, and in
consequence of the disability he incurred in said
storm he is totally disabled. He performed his
arduous duties as surgeon, as aforesaid, well, and
in a manner to endear him to the officers and sol-
diers of said regiment, and was honorably dis-
charged at the close of his term of service, which
was soon after he arose from his bed of sickness,
; all of which is apparent from the papers in the case.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
House bill (No. 125) " for the relief of Harriet
Leavenworth, widow of the late Bievet Brigadier
General Leavenworth," came up next in order.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Inte-
, rior be directed to place the name of Harriet Leav-
| enworth upon the pension rolls, and to cause her
| to be paid the sum of $37 50 per month for and
, during the term of five years, commencing Feb-
i ruary 1, 1853. The report of the committee was
! then read.
j Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I am instructed by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions to submit an
amendment to that bill. Under the pension laws,
I understand that the widow of a lieutenant col-
onel is entitled to $75 per month; that is, the half-
pay as colonel of cavalry; the half pay of a lieu-
tenant colonel of infantry is ^,00 per month.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Ohio that debate is not in
order.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the bill by
striking out $30 per month, and to insert #37 SO.
The question was put on the amendment; and
the Chair decided that the vote was in the nega-
tive.
Several Members. " Divide !" " Divide !"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the bill;
let it go over.
The bill was therefore laid over.
The next bill in order which came up for con-
sideration was bill No. 12G, entitled "A bill for
the relief of George S. Claflin."
The bill was read. It provides that the name
of George S. Claflin be placed upon the pension
rolls of the United States, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, commencing on the fiistdayof
December, 1851, and to continue during his natural
life.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the bill objected to?
Mr. JONES. Let the report be read.
The Clerk read the report; which states that
the memorialist, George S. Claflin, of Mendon,
New York, had served as a sergeant in the militia,
in the war of 1812; that he was taken prisoner
about the 17th September, 1814, and continued a
prisoner at (Quebec, Montreal, and Halifax, until
the 10th of April, 1815, and was discharged on
the 26th of the same month; that during his cap-
tivity he suffered the most intolerable treatment;
his food was loathsome and offensive at times,
and not in sufficient quantities to supply the crav-
ings of nature; and by closeconfinementat nights,
with eight hundred prisoners, the details of which
are set forth in his petition, his constitution was
destroyed, both his feet frozen, and he was at-
tacked with alarming and dangerous disease, and
has continued in feeble health ever since, although
he entered the servicea healthy man, with a sound
constitution. He is now destitute of the menus
of supporting himself and his family. A bill for
his relief passed the House of Representatives on
the third day of January, 1851.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The next bill in order which came up for con-
sideration was House bill No. 127, entitled " A
bill for the relief of James F. Green."
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of James F. Green,
of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, upon the in-
valid pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the first day of February,
1850, and to continue during his natural life.
The report, which was read, states that the pe-
tioner, James F. Green, was draughted in Orange
county, New York, on the 10th of August, 1814,
and mustered into service as a member "of Captain
Halleck's company, of Colonel Belknap's regi-
ment, on the 18th August, 1814; that he was
marched to and stationed at Harlem Heights; and
while stationed theie, and in the line of his duty,
he had his right knee crushed and the bone frac-
tured.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration was House bill (No. 128) "for the re-
lief of Thomas Frazer."
The bill provides for an increase of pension.
The report was read; from which it appears that
thepetitioner, in consequence of an injury received
at St. Albans, Vermont, while sergeant m Cap-
tain Danforth's company, Colonel McCobb's regi-
ment, in the summer of 1813, was, by act of Con-
gress, placcd on the pension roll to draw two dol-
lars and sixty-six cents per month for partial dis-
ability; that he has now become entirely disabled
in consequence of that injury.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered to
be laid aside, and reported to the House.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar, was
House bill (No. 129) " for the relief of Cornelius
H. Latham."
The bill provides for placing his name upon the
pension roll, at tour dollars per month, from Janu-
ary, 1850, to continue during his natural life.
Tt e report was read; from which it appears
that Latham prays for a pension m consequence
of disability incurred while m the military service
of the United States; that he enlisted as a pi ivate
m company B, Captain Sumner, in the regiment
