270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
half pay of a captain in the Army of the Urn e
States for ten years; said pension to commence
on the 1st of January, 1854; provided, said pen-
sion shall cease if she die in the mean time.
The Clerk read the report; which states that
said Alexander^. Hooe lost his right arm in tne
battle of Resaca de la Palma, at which time he
was a captain. A letter from Adjutant General
Roger Jones, dated August 16, 1850, says: "He
was breveted major, to date from May 9, 184b,
'for gallant and distinguished services in the battles
of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma, in Texas,
on the 8th and 9th of May, 1846 ' "
The committee are fully satisfied, from the facts
made known to them, that Major Hooe's death
was caused by the aforesaid wound.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House.
The bill next in order for consideration was
House bill (No. 180) "for the relief of William
B. Edwards."
The bill provides a pension of eight dollars per
month, to commence 1st January, 1854, and con-
tinue during'five years.
The Clerk read the report; which states that
William B. Edwards, the petitioner, was sergeant
in Captain Wharton's company of the regiment
ofdragoons, commanded by Colonel Henry Dodge;
that he enlisted in the Army in 1833, and was dis-
charged from service in 1835, in consequence or
disability. The evidence proves that Edwards,
■while on a march from Fort Gibson as an escort
for the Santa Fe traders in the Indian country,
was thrown from his horse on the 15th day of
June, 1834, and while in the line of his ('u,y-
The testimony shows that, in consequence of the
injury, he is rendered incapable of making a sup-
port by manual labor.
Mr.>PHELPS. 1 do not desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to object to the bill, but I suggest an amend-
ment to it to the effect that, instead of the five
years' pension provided for by it, that it shall be
to continue during life. I have another amend-
ment to offer. I understand that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions have adopted the rule that
from the period the petitioner shows, befoie a
committee of this House, that he is entitled to a
Sension, that the pension shall date from that time.
fow, the first formal report made in this cose
was made in the year 1850. Therefore, in com-
pliance with the principle adopted by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, 1 propose to strikeout
the words 1854 as the time when the payment of
this pension is to commence, and to substitute
1850; that i*, that the pension do commence from
the 1st of January, 1850, and to continue during
the petitioner's natural life.
.The bill was read as proposed to be amended.
Mr. BIS.SELL. I have no objection at all to
the principle laid down being carried out in this
particular case, nor in any case. But I want
uniformity m the matter. For instance: We have
just passed over several very meritorious cases,
in which the order for a pension is to take effect
one on the 1st January, 1854, and others about
the same period of time. 1 refer particularly to
the case of bdl No. 179. In that case there were re-
ports from the committees of one House or other,
or both, in favor of the petition, three or four
years ago. I allude to the case of Emelie Hooe,
widow of Captain Hooe. Theie is no more meri-
torious case before the committee than hers. 1
have no objection to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] but I think
thei^te should be uniformity in these matters.
Mr. PHELPS. I know nothing about the case
of Mrs. Hooe, but I understand that the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions have laid down this as a
rule, that from the time the evidence was perfected
in this House, they will date the pension. -The
amendment I have proposed is in conformity to
that rule, which was the rule adopted in the last
two Congresses.
Mr. BISSELL. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions if that
rule applied in the cases just passed?
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, 1 will say that theCommittee on In-
valid Pensions has adopted, as far as possible, the
policy of the pension law, and of the law of 1822;
that is, that In allowing a pension to an invalid
, himself, the pfension is to commence when he has J
completed his proofs in the Department. '
That applies to the case where the pensioner is
an invalid himself. The pension in that case is
for life. It is therefore of great importance to him
that the pension should commence when he com-
pletes his proofs. But the policy of the law has
been to give the widow half pay for five years.
It is as well for her, the Department says, to have
the pension for five years to come, as to have it
from the time of proof. So in all cases where we
have given half pay to the widow for a term of
years, we have commenced it from the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BISSELL. I am not satisfied with the
reasons given why the pension should date back
to the time of proofs completed, instead of now.
I do not quite understand why the case alluded to
by the gentleman from Missouri should be made
to date back.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Becausethe policy of the
law of 1822 requires that the pensioner should
receive his pension from the time the proof is per-
fected. The proof in this case was perfected in
1850. The same law does not apply to pensions
o-iven to widows, which are for a term of years,
to commence from the date of the laws in such
cases.
Mr. BTSSELL. I wish to ask one other ques-
tion. I desire only to get at the right in this mat-
ter. Was not theamendment in the last case that
the pension should run for ten years?
Mr. PHELPS. For life. It is an invalid pen-
sion for a soldier totally disabled.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand thattheamend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Missouri is
to pay a pension to the individual in this case, and
to date back some four or five years. Am I cor-
rect in this?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
is correct.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is to date back then to
1850 instead of 1854. The reason given for this
is, that that was the time at which the proof was
completed. Before what tribunal was it com-
pleted ?
Mr. PHELPS. It was completed to the satis-
faction of a committee of this House. The report
read by the Clerk is the report that was mode by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions in 1850, upon
testimony then on file.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems to be very clear
that the rule the gentleman admits to apply to
cases in legislation  
Mr. LILLY. As this is a bill which gives rise
to discussion, 1 must therefore object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not want to object to
the bill; but it seems to me—
Mr. LILLY. I object to the consideration of
the bill, because it gives rise to discussion, and
not because I have any objection to the bill. If
the discussion ceases, I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Do I understand that
there is objection to the bill?
Mr. WALSH. I object to the bill.
The next bill that came up for consideration
was House bill "for the relief of John Hamil-
ton;" which was read.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The committee next proceeded to consider
House bill (No. 182) "for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod."
The bill and report were read by the Clerk. The
bill provides that the petition of Daniel Steenrod,
with the accompanying documents and deposi-
tions, be referred to the Secretary of War; and
that he be hereby authorized and directed, in such
mode as to him shall ^em just and expedient, to
appoint an umpire to hear evidence in the city of
Wheeling, Virginia, and ascertain and fix what is
justly and equitably due the said petitioner thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman who reported this bill whit is
the basis of it? Neither the bill nor the report
make any reference to the facts upon which they
are based. 1 desire to know something in relation
to it. Will the gentleman make a statement ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Mace] can make a statement, if not
objected to.
There was no objection; and
Mr. MACE said: The case is based upon a |
contract made by Mr. Steenrod for the con-
struction of the Cumberland road. Jtis similar
in its character to a very large class of cases
which have been before the Consressof theUiuted
States for many years past. The evidence is so
conflicting, and the facts so hard to be got at, that
after much consideration and a full investigation
of everything appertaining to it, the committee
satisfied themselves that they could not, with the
facts before them, come to any decision which
would with any certainty do justice either to the
petitioner or to the Government; and they were not
without precedent in the recommendation they
have made. Upon looking into the records of
Congiess they found that perhaps a ijirge majority
of the cases relating to contracts for the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road had been referred
to a special commission. This being the ease,
they were of the opinion that the best course to
be taken was for the Secretary of War to create
an umpire to collect all the evidence, and adjudicate
upon the question; and that by this course justice
might be done to the petitioner and to the Gov-
ernment.
From the evidence before us, it is my belief that
the amount involved in the controversy cannot
properly be awarded at more than $7*000. No
umpire, I think, could give Mr. Steenrod more
than that; and very likely he would be justified
in deciding that the petitioner was not entitled to
anything. These are substantially the facts upon
which' the bill and report were founded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman if this is one of a class of cases,
or is it the only one of its kind ?
Mr. MACE. I know of no other case of this
kind pending before Congress. A number of
cases similar in character to it were submitted
many years ago to a commissioner of the name of
Collyer, of Ohio.
Mr. Ft TESTER. I object to the bill.
The bill accordingly was laid over.
House bill (No. 383) "for the relief of the
Utica City Woolen Company" was next in or-
der upon the Calendar.
Prom the report it appears that in 1851 the
Utica City Woolen Company made a contract
with Quartermaster Crossman to furnish broad-
cloth to be used in making clothing for the Army;
and by the terms of that contract, the cloth was to
be paid for from time to time, as delivered. The
contract was faithfully fufilled by the company;
but by reason of the late period at which the ap-
propriation bills passed Congress, the money was
not ready until some time after the delivery of the
cloth. The principal was paid, partly on the SOth
of.Tuly, and partly on the 15th of September, 1859.
The company claim interest from the time the
goods were deliveied, when the money became
payable to them, until the time when it was actu-
ally paid. The bill proposes to grant them that
interest.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 184) " for the relief of Gray,
McMurdo & Co." was next in order on the Cal-
endar.
The bill provides for the payment of §570 70 to
Cray, McMurdo & Co., of New Oileans, for in-
terest on moneys advanced by them in 1850 to the
Quartermaster's Department.
It appeared from the report, that in Julv, 1850,
the petitioners advanced to Thomas F." Hunt,
; Deputy Quartermaster General at New Orleans,
j $57,000, for which they received drafts on. the
| Quartermaster General in Washington city. At
! the time the drafts became due, the appropriations
for the Quartermaster's Department were ex-
hausted, and they were consequently not paid until
the 7th of October, 1850. The bill proposes to
pay the petitioners interest at the rate of six per
cent, from the time when the drafts became due
\ until the time when they were paid.
• Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
j of the gentleman who reported that bill at what
rate of discount these bills were negotiated, if anv?
i Mr. EDGERTON. There was no evidence
| before the committee that the bills werediscounUd
I at eny other rate than the usual rate of discount.
I The drafts were at thirty, sixty, and one hundred
: and twenty days, if I recollect rightly. The par-
ties who held the drafts claimed interest from the
I date of the advance. The committee have allowed
