1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, and Zollicofier—93.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will bear with me for a short time, I shall be
grateful, and I will try and condense all I desire
to say within the space of five minutes. From
the little experience I have had in this House, I
am convinced, I am certain, there is no more fatal
way of attacking a bill or any measure, than to
take the floor and speak against it, by argument
or insinuation, when it has arrived at a point
where it fs not further amendable under our rules,
and is beyond the exercise of the discretion of
the House as to its details. Such has been the
course of the gentlemen who have addressed the
House since the previous question was voted
down. They have damaged this bill, sir; I am
afraid they have utterly defeated it. And that this
widowed lady is again to be sent adrift under the
frowns of the House of Representatives.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no connection with
any parties who aie interested in this bill. 1 do
not know the face of one of them—they are stran-
gers" to me; but there is a name mentioned in this
bill that will not allow me to sit still, although in
no way connected with the matter, and hear the
claims of Mrs. Brown disparaged or weakened
in this House.
Sir, I speak on this subject because I live at a
place from which, when I walk into the street
from my front door, I can look over into Canada,
upon those fields where Major Genera! Brown—
whose widow speaks to us in this bill-—during the
war of 1812, after the reverses of our arms, and
when gloom overspread the whole nation, moved
with his gallant men as a pillar of fire. Yes, sir,
and when he moved, success, order, confidence,
victory,followed in his train; and he retrieved our
tarnished honor; established the success of our
arms; and the whole nation felt proud, and was
exalted by what he did. And I should be ashamed
beyond recovery, Mr. Speaker, to go home to my
constituents, and have it known there that I had,
under any circumstances, voted against doing full
justice—with no stinted hand—to the widow of
that honorable, brave, and gallant man.
Sir, he was not educated to arms. He was a
farmer—a brave, noble, cheerful, and hearty man,
of solid sense. He won the confidence of the
country. He served it cheerfully, at the peril of
his life, and I will not forget him when 1 hear his
widow's voice.
I desire to be understood. I do not vote for
this bill simply because General Brown was a
brave and gallant man, as I have described him.
No, sir. Theie were other men who marched
with him, shoulder to shoulder, in those dark
days, and during those fearful struggles.
There was Scotf, and Ripley, and Miller, and
McNeul, and Porter, and there too was that gal-
lant man whose death was announced in the
papers but yesterday, General Towson. These
men and others, sir, marched with Jacob Brown
along our Canadian frontier, and in the enemy's
country, at Foit Erie, at Chippewa, at Lundy's
Larie, and at Bridgewater; they retueved the dis-
asters that had fallen upon our army, they bur-
nished up our tarnished honor, and made the
country hopeful, cheerful, confident, and proud.
Sir, did you not read anew in the papers of yester-
day, how the dispatches from Fort Erie told the
country that Towson's batteries on that occasion
were a continued sheet and flame of fiie?
But, sir, I do not desire that this bill shall pass
upon any considerations of this kind. I only
mention these things as a reason why I would
have this House, at this point, stop and look at
the facts before they "whistle down the wind "
this aged widow, who, we are told, is bending
under the weight of seventy-nine years, upon a
suggestion made here, that proof could not be
made at the Pension Office that her husband's
death was the result of wounds, exposure, and
hardships in the field, whilst in the country's ser-
vice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the gentleman allow
me one minute?
Mr. HAVEN. I beg to be excused. We are
told by my friend from "Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
and I beg him to understand, and also the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] that I ap-
prove their desire to watch the Treasury, and to
keep an eye'upon all these expenses. We are
told by them, that, under this bill,it is uncertain
how much Mrs. Brown will get. Why, sir, is it
possible that this House has no knowledge of the
English language? Cannot it understand a plain
narration? What is the difficulty? Let me read
the language of the bill: •
That the Secretary of the Interior he, and he is hereby*
authorized to place (he name of Pamela Brown, widow* of
the late Major'General Jacob Biown" 
Sir, I have no desire to slur or hurry over either
of those names; I dwell upon them with peculiar
pleasure, and the country recognize them as be-
longing to her.
—u upon the list of the pensioners, and pay her a pension at
the rat<* of one half of the pay per month which her husband
Was entitled to at the time of his death."
What dops that mean? One half pay per month.
What was the monthly pay of Major General
Brown? That is the only question. It is now
how much were his perquisites? how much were
his emoluments? or how much were his commu-
tation i ations and traveling expenses, about which
things we have heard so much in discussing the
army appropriation bill within the few days here;
but it is how much his pay was per month ? The
law settles that question. The Army Register set-
tles it. It is there stated, and any gentleman who
knows anything about the law, knows what his
pay—his pay proper—per month was. 1 submit,
then, to this House, that there is nothing in the
suggestion that this bill is equivocal in its lan-
guage. It is clear and distinct, and the only ques-
tion properly open for discussion is, whether the
half pay per month is too much or not? and
whether it goes back too far, starts from too re-
mote a period or not?
Mr. Speaker, I desire to stop here, and say, that
in my judmenf, our pension laws are grossly
wrong. I believe that in too many cases, to too
great an exent, they allow agents, and persons of
no particular merit, to speculate, so to speak, upon
the blood, gallantry, and noble deeds of men who
have performed valuable services for the country.
They ought to be guarded and graduated more
catefully. But I am not disposed to set them aside
upon this particular occasion. I, for one, will not
commence reform here, when this case comes be-
fore us; and when those who represent General
Brown's flesh and blood, appeal to Congress and
ask us to remember his gallant services when the
country was in danger; and smooth the declining
years of his bereaved and venerable widow.
Mr. FA0LKNER. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a moment ?
Mr. HAVEN. Not at present, as I am almost
through with my remarks. Gentlemen say that
there are over $56,000 to be given to Mrs. Brown
by this bill. They say it is too much, and that
it is more than she can well spend for the purpose
of insuring her comfort and happiness during the
few years she is to stay with us. I confess that
it is more than I would pay to this lady, or those
interesting persons, his and her heirs, who will
represent her after her-death.
But this bill makes no such princely provisions.
It provides for the payment to her of one half of the
regular monthly pay which Major General Brown
received, and that, too, not to commence until
ten years after his death, which was in 1828. Sir,
will that exceed what the General himself would
have accumulated for them, if his years had not
been prematurely shortened by wounds and ex-
posure in the country's service? Sir, I think it
is more than the widow requires, as the bill is. It
may be that it goes back too far; and I desire
those gentlemen here who are fiiendly to this bill—
who favor this pension—and who wish to see
exact justice done—when I have finished the re-
marks which I am about making—to settle the
precise point which they wish to fix for the com-
mencement of this pension, if they desire to put
it at a later date than 1838, let them do so. I pre-
fer they should 
[Loud cries of'* No!" "No!"]
Now, Mr. Speaker, one thing more, and then I
will leave the matter with the House. It has
already taken up too much time—time is getting
precious now, sir. But it would not have been
necessary to have taken up the time which has
been consumed on it, were it not for the fact that
these gentlemen made a stand on what they were
pleased to call the equivocal language contained in
the bill; that they seized upon, as th« very Ther-
mopylae of the case, and by which they could, if
they had got a vote upon this bill, have finished
itf and defeated it forever.. Now, there is my
honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,J
to whom I wish to say a word. I thank him for.
the manner in which he has acted in relation to
all this class of business, arid I am far from Mid-'
dertaking to disparage htm for what he has done
m reference to this bill. He tells us that this
woman—this widow—comes here as a matter of
grace—as a matter of favor; and "that she could not
produce proof to satisfy the Pension Department;
arid that he seems to think a reason for disparag-
ing this claim and defeating this bill.
Let me draw the attention of that gentleman to
his own conclusions, to his own sense of ju^ti^e,
on this subject. What does he tell us here? He
tells us that he felt constrained, on the proof before
the committee of which he is chairman, to report
a bill in this lady's favor; and, sir, he has reported
that proof to the House. It is satisfactory to all
of us, and has been satisfactory (o him. What
has weakened itin his judgmeotto-day ? Was he
willing to compromise with his conscience and his
judgment on this question of proof, when he re-
ported his bill in favor of this woman ? Or did
he, by his small bill, intend to stop half way be-
tween the bill now under consideration and noth- •
ing at all, because, in his opinion, the proofs he
has reported only half established the fact in dis-
pute? Sir, I give him credit for better logic than
that. His conclusion is a nonsequitur)and I com-
mend my friend from Indiana to the task of over-
looking, reexamining, over-hauling his argument,
and seeing if his better judgment will not prevail;
seeing if he did not report his bill because the
proof was sufficient, abundant, and if he does not
oppose this bill only because of its amount.
Now, one thing more, Mr. Speaker. I dislike
this kind of legislation. As a new thing, if it
were the commencement of legislation for pen-
sions,! should be strongly inclined to vote against
this bill myself, notwithstanding that Mrs. Brown,
with her seventy-nine years upon her head, stood
before us asking for this boon. But it is a regular
part and parcel of our system of legislation. And
I will ask the House, if I can induce them to go
with me, at some proper time to correct it. But
1 ask them now, in God's name, not to commence
their reform on the trembling head of that poor
old lady, the relict of that man who, $s I said be-
fore, retrieved our disasters, and brought sunshine .
to the country, after the reverses which had be-
fallen us on our northern- frontiers in the war of
1812.
Now, sir, this very report, on which our ac-
tion is founded, tells us that the widow of Captain
Schmuck had received a pension on the same
principle; that Elizabeth Armistead, if !• remem-
ber aright, received a pension on the same prin-
ciple at the last session of Congress. The nex,t
instance is, and i speak it with pride, because he,
too, whose widow was provided for here, was a
gallant man. He, too, saw sharp service.with
Brown in the war of 1812 on our northern fron-
tier. The next instance is that of the widow of
Brevet Major General Worth. The bill granted
to her half pay, (that is the language of the bill as
appears in this report) during her natural life.
A Member. Whs it per month or per year ?
Mr. HAVEN. Half pay, no matter whether
it is per month or per year. According to my
arithmetic, the aggregate of all the time would be
j the same. That bill was passed on the 7th of
i January, 1853, as appears from the report.
| Mr. LETCHER. It only went back for two
j or three years.
! Mr. HAVEN. Now, let me say this in refer-
! ence to the remark of my friend from Virginia
j [Mr. Letcher.] He says that the pension which
i was granted to Mrs. Worth only went back two
! or three years. Why, sir, that gallant man, Gen-
! erai Worth, had only died two or three years be-
' fore the passage of that act, so that it reached back
I to the time of his lamented death; whereas this
! bill proposes to start ten years from the time of
i the death of Major General Brown. He died in
| 1828, and this bill proposes to give the half pay to
' the widow from 1838.
I Now, I want to ask the friends of this bill—
! those who have the charge of this matter—if their
I judgment tells them to ask that this pension should
j begin at a later date; for if it is so, this is the time*
' I want to know u.
