982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
in order that the merchants may circulate their
circulars at the expense of taxation upon the
people of the West — when such a. contractor
comes here, under all these circumstances, ground
down by the force of competition to the low-
est limit, and compelled by the rules of the De-
partment to accept the service for the lowest
possible sum, and asks, not indemnity, but to be
released from an unjust fine, they are met with
such replies as that made by the gentleman from
New York. Why is this ditference made? Why
is it that after paying our fair share towards sup-
porting this Department, which has become a soi t
of merchants' express, and is regulated at the will
of merchants, because they regulate its amount of
business, we are to be treated so differently from
those who ask more, merely because they ask
more? I was a mail contractor under that same
letting, and I know of my own personal experience
and personal losses, that mail con tractors could not,
underthe peculiar circumstances of the times, have
borne the hardships inflicted on my constituents.
Just at that time, owing to peculiar circumstances,
everything which these mail contractors were
obliged to buy—horses and provender of every
description—rose in price upon an average of one
hundred per cent, at least. I know that this is
true, because I had a good right to know. These
contractors bid for various routes, looked over and
selected what suited them, and rejected others that
they did not like. Where did the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sage] get his information m re-
gard to these gentlemen ? it is entirely gratui-
tous, and is not true. These contractors hid for
contracts upon various routes, and they performed
service upon most of them, while other routes
were let through their instrumentality at great ex-
pense, and pei haps at a possible sacrifice and per-
sonal loss. They were fined upon three only; and
they ask therefore to be released from the fine im-
posed upon them. When the routes were dis-
covered to be longer than was at first supposed,
the Department relet them; but they could not do
so without a considerable reduction in the terms.
The difference between the two lettings is the sum
which these contractors desire to b** reimbursed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky allow me to ask him a question?
The report states that some of the routes hid fur
by these persons were much longer than at first
supposed. Is that the chief reason urged for the
passage of the bill ?
Mr. EWING. That is one of the reasons why
these contractors ask to be released from the line 1
imposed upon them. ■
Mr. SMITH. 1 call the attention of the gen- 1
tleman from Kentucky to a section in the adver-
tisement of the Department.
Mr. EWING. I will explain that directly.
Mr. SMITH, With the permission of the i
gentleman I will read it: !
" B. The dMftriees are given u<-euiilui'x to the be-t in Conn- !
alt'>n ; but no metoat--eri pny will h<* allowed should thev '
be £iro;uei than ailveitised, if the point-* to he snpp'ied tie 1
correctly slated. Bidders mus>t inlorm themselves on tins
point."
Mr. EWING. I will explain the meaning of
the section just read by the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia, as far as I can. I know very well that
the laws of the Depai tment could not release these
contractors from the fine, and therefore the reason 1
of this application to Congress.
it would not, perhaps, do for Congress to say
that a contractor should be always released fiom
a contract if it should turn out to behalf a mile or
a mile longer; but the contractors in this case,
where the distance proved to be so great, apply
to the equity and justice of Congress to pay
back to them the money which was exacted tiom
them by the Department. I know very well that
the terms of the law state that contracts must be ■
let upon exactdistances. But here was a first letting .
m a new country where the distances wei e taken 1
from maps, and which were vaguely and blindly >
given. The bidders themselves knew nothing of :
the distances, save as they procured them in this
way, and as a result, these mistakes occurred. ;
The Department states the distance is so much. 1
The statements of the Department m the advertise-
ments are usually correct; but if they do not mean
to inform the bidders of the correct distances, why
make any statement at all about it, and why not
leave ably ok' !
They might as well leave the advertisements i
with simpiy the names of the termini, with blanks
as to the distances. If it were not intended to give
correct statements and information as to the dis-
tance of the route, of course the law, as interpre-
ted by the Department, does not provide for the
relief of these people, otherwise they would not
be found applying to Congress tor relief.
I simply ask here—not that which has been
conceded to other contractors—not that which was
conceded to the constituents of the gentleman from
New* Yoik during the last Congress, when indem-
nity was made for the losses sustained by a com-
pany of contractors under a bad contract—I simply
ask that these men who attempted to fulfill, and
who, for the greatest part, did fulfill their obliga-
tions to the Government; who discharged all their
obligations under peculiar hardships—for there
has not been any letting under which so much
hardship has been inflicted on western mail con-
tractors, and from which such losses and bank-
ruptcy have resulted—I simply ask, I say, that
relief be extended to these men by Congress.
They have di&chaiged their duty under peculiar
difficulties, and they simply ask to be released
from the fines imposed on them by the Postmaster
General.
1 hope the House fully understands the case;
and beting pardon for engrossing so much ot
their time, which I had not intended to do, and
would not have done but for the objections that
have been made in the matter, 1 now desire to
call for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to withdraw for a moment his call for the
previous question.
Mr. EWING. No; I cannot now consent to
withdraw my call for the previous question. I
have already done so to-day once before; but as I
speak with gieat difficulty, I do not wish to do so
again.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question, for the purpose of enabling the
I louse to he put into full possession of the facts of
the rase. For, 1 say here, that the House is not
at this time in possession of the faets; and all I
ask is that the^entleman from Kentucky will agree
to allow the House to undeistand thoroughly the
question btfore us. i wish to refer to the memo-
rial of the petitioners, and the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman from Ohio
desires to have the memorial read, it can be done.
The report of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads has been already read by the
Gleik. The gentleman from New York [\*lr.
; S.vgk] comes now with a letter fiom the Depart-
ment; but ! think the question has been fully dis-
cussed, and \ do not believe that the House needs
any further enlightenment on the subject.
Air. EDGERTON. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will allow me to read the memorial of
the petitioners, 1 think I will be able to satisfy the
House that after all there has been no very great
hardship sustained by these persons.
! Mr. SAGE. I wish the gentleman from Ken-
j tucky would withdraw for a moment or two his
1 call for the previous question. I want to make a
single remark, and to present an abstract of facts
in the ease.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky declines, as the Chair understands, to
withdraw the call for the previous question; and
! consequently debate is out of order.
I Mr. EDGERTON. Then I hope the House
j will vote down the previous question.
The question was then taken; and the previous
question was not seconded, only thirty-three mem-
beis—not a sufficient number—voting for it.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to
state to the House—and I do so upon the memo-
rial presented by these gentlemen, the claimants
—the facts, the real facts in the case. It appears
from the memorial that the contractors made bids
for fouiteen routes in Texas 
Mr. EWING, (interrupting.) Let the memo-
rial be read from the Cleik's desk.
Mr. EDGERTON. No. 1 will briefly state
the facts.
Mr. EWING. I would rather have the me-
morial read from the table.
Mr. EDGERTON. It is not necessary. These
persons got the contracts for the conveyance of the
mails on fourteen routes in Texas. One of the
contractors went from Kentucky to Texas for the
purpose of examining the country. It appears
that the Post Office Department were without any
previous knowledge as to the condition of the
country; but the bids for the contracts weie taken
on the representation of some persons in whom
they had confidence. This contractor went down>
as I said, from Kentucky to Texas, and on his arri-
val there he four.d himself greatly deceived as to
the nature of the country and the state of the
roads over which the mails were to be carried,
insomuch that it was with difficulty he succeeded
in employing persons to carry the mail on one
part of the route. He succeeded in employing
persons to carry the mails upon parts of the routes;
and those routes over which he couid'^iot get per-
sons to carry the muds for a less sum than their
j bids, they abandoned.
j They state, that for their failure to execute the
J bonds required by the Department, as security for
! carrying the mails over the aforesaid mutes, that
j is, the three routes upon which they have been
i fined, the Postmaster General has imposed fines
; to the amount of §1,644. The length of these
! routes is not the cause of their, complaint. It is
i not so stated in the memorial. Their complaint
! is the fact that they were deceived as to the nature
' of the country over which the routes pass; and, in
' the concluding prayer of the memorial, they state
! that they (i conceive that it cannot be for the inter-
' e^t of the General Government rigorously to exact
j from its citizens, your petitioners and their guaran-
tors, a forfeiture incurred by their failure"—or,
| more properly, their inabih ty to comply with a h ard
I bamam. " They therefore pray that your honor-
; able body will take their case into consideration,
. and exonerate them from the line and forfeiture
i (i foresaid, or extend to them such relief as may be
deemed reasonable." That is the whole case.
They proposed to carry the mails upon certain
I routes, and in doing so they made a bad bargain.
1 They relet those routes upon which they could
1 save money, and the others, in relation to which
, they could not make advantageous bargains, they
abandoned. The Department fined them for the
i abandonment. If this relief is granted to these
gentlemen, every individual who makes a bad bar-
gain with the Government will come here and
1 claim remuneration at the hands of Congress, and
j will cite this case as a precedent for such appli-
cation.
: Mr. GROW. I have but a word to say upon
! this matter; for, take it as presented by its friends,
; and is it such a case as Congress ought to grant
relief m ? The amount m controversy may not be
very large, or of any great consequence. But the
| policy of the Post Office Department, in receiving
bids for the transportation of the mails, is to se-
I cure a faithful performance of the contracts; and,
' previous to 383G, the bidders for the routes were
' simply required to present a recommendation to
■ the Department from some persons known to it.
1 But Congress then changed the law in that res-
j pect, and required the bids to be guaranteed, for
i the express purpose of having reliable and suffi-
cient security to secure and compel a faithful per-
formance.
i Now, in the case before us, as in every other
, case of mail Settings, bidders put in bids upon a
; large number of routes. Then, on examination of
1 their routes, if they ascertain that they have been
; mistaken in relation to the nature of the routes,
; and that they have become involved in expenses
above the receipts, is the Government to relieve
! them5 Bona fide bidders who live in the vicinity of
the routes, who understood the character of the
f country, and knew the expenses of carrying the
mail over it, bid m the expectation that if their bids
are accepted, they will go on and perform the ser-
vice. Butthey weredeprivedof theopportunity^of
catrying the mails, by the competition of such in-
dividuals, who have subjected the Government
to unnecessary inconvenience and delay by the
! non-performance of their contracts, and w ho have
; subjected the citizens along these routes to incon-
! vemence, delay, and disturbance, in their mail
i facilities.
If we grant this relief, we establish a precedent
i for making up for losses, which will induce spec-
j ulating men to bid upon every route advertised,
j and then, when they find that they have been de-
J cfeived, or have made hard bargains, to throw up
i their contiacfs and apply to Congress for relief,
based upon this very case. It is a bad precedent
