984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
committee have risen, will agree to close debateat
an early hour, for a great deal of the money ap-
propriated in this bill, in the form in which the
appropriations were passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives, is needed, and needed at this moment,
for the purpose of defraying the expenses of the
Government. I shall therefore feel myself bound
to ask the House to close the general debate upon
this bill at an early period. Some other bill can
be taken up upon which general discussion can be
resumed. I hope, therefore, when we shall go
into tha House again, a resolution will be passed
closing the general debate upon this bill to-mor-
row, for in such debate, I am satisfied, very little
will be said, in relation to the expenditure of
money proposed to be made by this bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS then addressed the committee
on the subject of the bill for the organization of
territorial governments for Nebraska and Kansas.
He said that the bill was assailed by many who
admitted the correctness of the principle upon
which it was founded, and yet objected to u as a
repeal of the Missouri act of 18:20. If that act
had no further claim upon then-consideration than |
its own intrinsic merits, it surely would be illogi- j
cal to say that the wrong of their predecessors i
should be a bar to righteous action on their own
part. j
But it was said that the act of 1820 was some- j
thing more than a legislative act; that it was the j
result of a compact, an agreement between the j
two great sectioxis of the confederacy at that time J
intended to be perpetually obligatory. It was, ;!
then, of the greatest importance to examine into
the truth of this allegation; for if it were true, !■
then, whatever might be the merits of the meas- |j
ure before them, it could not receive the assent or !,
concurrence of any honorable man. h
Now, for the purpose of making this examina- i'
tion, he had, with great care, looked into the Jour- j
nals of the two Houses of Congress for the ses- >
sions of 18^0-'^1, for the (ruth of the proposition I
was not to be tried by hearsay evidence, but by j
the records—the faithful chroniclers of the past, j
and the unerring guides for the future. j
He would say m advance, and say it boldly, j
that so far from the Journals showing that any |
such compact or agreement as was now alleged ]
was then entertained between the representatives I
of the non-shiveholdmg States and those from the j
slaveholding States, there was not a page relative j
to this subject-matter which did not dispute the j
assertion. j
Mr. P. then quoted from the Journals of 1820-*21 |
to show that the idea of the Missouri act of 1&2U j
being acompact or agreement, was not entertained j
Ht that time, and in behalf of the North he rejected }
this aiguiuent as a lepioach and a calumny upon !
that great section of the Confederacy. i
Mr. BENTON and Mr. HARRIS took the ,
floor.
The OH \ IRMAN decided that the gentleman ji
from Missouri had obtained the lloor.
Mr. BENTON stated that he would, for the ,j
present, yield the floor to the gentleman from I1
Mississippi, on condition that he (Mr. Benton) i
would be entitled to it to-morrow morning. ;
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection ■
on the part of the committee, that will be the order i
of proceedings.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was here received from the President I
of the United Slates by the hands of Sidvey Web- ;
*tf,n, Esq , his Piivate Secretary, notifying the '
House that he did, on the '20th instant, approve \
and sign House bill No. 32, entitled " An act to j
authorize the school commissioner? of fractional !
township number one, of range ten east, in Ala- '
bama, to locate one half section of land for school j
purposes."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Asbury Dickjns, its Secre-
tary, notifying the House that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the House of
the following rules: !
H. R. No. 235. An act for the relief of Grafton !
Baker. j
Joint resolution of the House authorizing the i
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
expenses of a Board of Commissioners appointed
by the Territorial Assembly of Oregon to prepare
a code of laws; also, to adjust the expense of col-
lecting and printing certain laws and archives of
the Territory of Oregon; severally without amend-
ment.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its first amend-
ment disagreed to by the House, and disagree to
the amendment of the Houpe to the third amend-
ment of the Senate (House bill No. 47) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1855; and
ask a conference with the House on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, then addressed
the committee for some time in regard to the Ne-
braska bill. He had not concluded, when
Mr. KEITT said: Mr. Chairman, my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Harris] is unwell, and
unable to proceed; and therefore, with his per-
mission, I move that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from j
Mississippi yield to that motion?
Mr. HARRIS expressed his assent.
The question was taken; and the motion was ,
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman ,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union had had under consideration i
the Union generally, and especially House bill 1
No. 271, and had come to no conclusion thereon. :
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to offer a resolution
to close the debate on this bill in two hours after
the committee shall have resumed its considera-
tion; and on that motion I demand the previous
question. ;
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. HiESTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken on the latter motion;
and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter past three
o'clock, p. m., adjourned to to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, *1pril 25, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William II. Milbtrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. '
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Everett, Toucky, Mallorv, Dawson,
and Norris, as the Select Committee to consider |
the memorial of the American Association for the
Promotion of Science, praying that an appropria-
tion be made to enable Professor Mitchell to con-
struct a machine for observing light-ascensions
and declinations by the aid of magnetism.
' EVIl f.ITAR Y ACAD EM Y,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Hunter, Shields, and Bell, as mana-
gers, on the part of the Senate, of the conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
|1855.
j PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions passed at a
i meeting of citizens of North Benton, Ohio, re-
< monstratmg against the passage of the Nebraska
| bill; which were ordered to he on the table,
j Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
| Robert B. Forbes, praying the establishment of
. floating schools in the principal seaports of the
United States, and on the lakes, for the partial
j education of seamen; which was referred to the
1 Committee on Commeice.
Mr. BRODHEAD, presented a petition of cit-
. izens of Pennsylvania, and a petition of citizens
: of New Jersey, remonstrating against any infringe-
ment of the Missouri compromise; which were
, ordered to lie on the table.
; Also, a petition of citizens of the city and county
of Philadelphia, remonstrating against an exten-
| sion or renewal of Woodworth's patent for a
J planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
j mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
; Also, a memorial of the Franklin Institute of
■ the State of Pennsylvania for the Promotion of the
: Mechanic Arts, praying that the Executive of the
i United States be authorized to negotiate with the
! Government of Great Britain for the establishment
S of a coinage for the two countries identical m every-
thing but name; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of the heirs-at-law of Samuel R.
Fisher, the surviving partner of the firm of Joshua
Fisher & Sons, praying payment for goods taken
by the Committee of Safety, of Philadelphia, in
1774, for the use of the Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition uf citizens
; of Philadelphia, praying that steel in sheets, as
; well as steel m bars, may be admitted free of
duty; which was referred to the Committee on
j Finance.
j Also, fivft petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
i remonstrating against the repeal of the Missouri
i compromise; which were oidered to lie on the
1 table.
i Also, the memorial of the Uwchlan monthly
| meeting of the Religious Society of Friends, of
I Chester county, Pennsylvania", remonstiating
, against the passage of the Nebraska bill; which
j was ordered to lie on the table.
! SSilso, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
; signed by Henry Vethake, Provost of the Uni-
■ versity of Pennsylvania, William 14. Allen, Pres-
; identof Girard College, L. A. Godey, Joel Jones,
! A. V. Parsons, Edward King, Elliott Cresson,and
others, praying Congress to set apart three or four
1 millions of acres of the public national domain for
; the education of female teachers; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of Washington J. Jackson,
| William J. McElroy, and other citizens ofPhila-
; delphia, remonstrating against the ratification of an
' international copyright treaty with Great Britain;
! which was ordered to he on the table.
I BENJAMIN ROWE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
1 Hou.se bill for the relief of Benjamin Rowe, for
the purpose of having it recommitted, with addi-
\ tional evidence, to the Committee on Pensions,
i The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole.
! Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be recommitted
i to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, i present now additional doc-
uments in relation to that case. I move that they
: be referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
! Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on For-
j eign Relations, to whom was leferred the petition
; of John de Wolf, praying to be indemnified for
: losses sustained m consequence of having been
| suspended in the performance of his duties as
United States consul at Sidney, Nova Scotia,
| asked to be discharged from its further considera-
; tion; which was agreed to.
! He also, from the same committee, to whom
: was referred the petition of M.Jean Deplaigne,
!! a French subject, resident in Mexico, praying
■ I indemnity for the loss of certain property seized
,j by the naval force of the United States after the
■ surrender of Frontera de Tabasco, asked to be
| discharged from its further consideration; which
; was agreed to.
1 He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William G, More-
! head, late United States consul at Valparaiso,
praying compensation for the time he .tried as
charge d'affaires, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which priced to.
Mr. EVANS, Iroia tiie Comrnitiee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to wh<*m was referred rite memo-
lial of Margaret BarnUz, so'e heir of Lieutenant
Colonel David Greei, pi a yirg for commutation,
rod tor the payment of moneys due her deceased
father by the United States, on account of ad-
vances made by him during the revolutionary war,
snbmiued an adverse report thereon: which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition ol C. C. BeaUy,
son and executor of Reading Beat'y, praymg an
increase of the pension allowed his father for ser-
vices as surgeon in the war of the Revolution,
submitted an adveise report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same <.• "unmhtee, to whom
was referred the petition of Caty White, widow
of William White, a lieutenant in Colonel G
Gibson's regiment in the war of the Revolution,
