ISM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
"riot to pay Until the purchaser has paid, nor is the
State chargeable with interest.
Now, Mr. President, when it is Said that any
principle of the homestead has been abandoned
by this bill, a greater mistake never was fallen
into. The bill is stripped of ail objectionable fea-
tures, which some gentlemen entertained towards
the House bill. It provides a price, as 1 have
said, one within the reach of everybody.
It takes away what some gentlemen think the
obnoxious provisions in respect to the. character1
of the persons who might enter the States under
the original bill, by leaving it entirely to State
laws to determine that subject; for no man can take,
under th% homestead principle of this bill as it
now stands, unless he be a man who, by the laws
of the State in which the lands lie, is entitled to
hold land therein. In respect to the Territories,
this capacity is given upon the only true basis—
the basis of the preemption principle.
I shall not detain the Senate upon this subject.
! merely rose to discharge a duty to myself. I
wished, so far as lay in my power, to correct an
error which may have gone abroad to the country,
in consequence of remarks which may have fallen
from some gentlemen, that the homestead princi-
ple is abandoned by the adoption of this bill as it
is. Sir, it is secured in a shape which ought to
be fully acceptable to every man with whom that
principle is a favorite. Hiving said this much, I
shall cheerfully vote for the passage of the bill.
Mr. BADGER'addressed the Senate.
Mr. PETT1T. I wish to point out an error in
the bill as it stands, which 1 hope the Senate by
unanimous consent will allow to be corrected. It
is a provision which was altered in the original
bill, but which by a mistake was retained in the
substitute of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] which has now become the present bill.
It is that provision which authorizes executors
and administrators to sell the infant's estate ac-
cording to the laws of the infants domicile instead
of according to the laws of the estate where the |
land lies. j
This can easily be remedied by consent. The j
provision now is: " In accordance with the laws j
of the State in which such children, for the time j
being, have their domicile." It should read: " In i
accordance with the laws of the State in which
such lands are situated." I hope there will he
universal consent to have this amendment made
before the bill is put on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
It requires unanimous consent to make an amend-
ment at this stage, but if there be no objection, it
will be considered as adopted by unanimous con-
sent.
There was no objection.
The discussion was continued by Messrs.
Toombs and Badgkr.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, if this discus-
sion is to go on, f will ask that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, for the purpose of going into Executive
session.
Several Senators. "Oh, no!"
Mr. MASON. I only want to know the fact
whether it is to be further discussed.
Mr. CHASE. 1 desire to say a few words.
Mr. MASON. Here is one gentleman who
wants to discuss it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator submit a motion to postpone ?
Mr. MASON. 1 do.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope my colleague will not
press it, but let us get to a vote upon the bill.
Mr. MASON. It is manifest that we cannot
get to a vote to-day. The Senators over the way
have consumed an hour in discussing a question
which, 1 suppose, is not now involved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone.
„Mr. MASON. At the solicitation of Senators,
I withdraw it.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate but for three minutes. I do not regard this
substitute as Tarrying out fully the principle of
the homestead bill. That principle required free
grants of public lands to the landless. The prin-
ciple of free grants to actual settlers, without ref-
erence to their condition, as provided for by the
bill, came from the House, and which has been
under discussion, was accepted by the friends of
the original homestead principle, on the ground
that it was a near approximation to its require-
ment, since grants to actual settlers would, in fact,
be, generally, grants to the landless. But the
substitute now before us proposes sales, at very
low prices, instead of free grants. I voted, there-
fore, against its adoption an as amendment of the
homestead bill of the House; but the Senate has
seen fit to adopt it by a larg£ vote, ahd the sole
question now submitted to me is, whether I will
vote for the only measure which can possibly pass
at this session.
1 have looked carefully into this substitute. I
see in it many valuable provisions. I do not see
in it some things I desire to see, and I see some I
should have wished not to see there. But, sir,
weighing the reasons in its favor with those against
it, 1 have come to the conclusion that I am bound
to go for it. Although it is not the homestead
bill, yet it secures large and important benefits to
the actual settler upon the public lands directly
through its own provisions, or immediately
through the provisions in favor of the land States,
which it seems to me ought to commend the bill
to the friends of the actual settlers. ! shall, there-
fore, vote for it.
Mr. CLAY. I feel it due to myself to make
a single remark by way of personal explanation,
in order to satisfy my constituents. 1 moved an
amendment to the substitute which was intro-
duced by my friend from Mississippi, providing
that fhose settlers upon the public lands who held
less than one hundred and sixty acres, might be
permitted to enter lands adjoining their farms to
an amoum^naking, with that which they might
own previous to the entry, the number of one
hundred and sixty acres. I did not offer that
amendment to this bill. My reason was not that
j I (lid not think that they were entitled to that
I preference, but because 1 was unwilling to peril or
i defer the passage of a bill which contained so
i many good things, by providing for an inconsid-
i erable number of the people, and particularly in
my State, where the lands will probably be re-
duced, under the provisions of this bill, to twenty-
five cents an acre, at all events. Besides, friends
of this measure from other land States, equally
interested with myself in behalf of those who may
now own less than one hundred and sixty acres
of land, thought it better not to embarrass the bill
with the amendment suggested. By their advice,
I declined offering the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. " I come to bury
Caesar, not to praise him. The evil, that men
do, lives after them; the good is oft interred with
their bone§." Such, I think, is the condition of
this bill. Certainly we killed it last night, and all
that remains for us to do is to give it a decent j
i burial. I should like to have some pomp and j
j ceremony about it, if I could. 1 have gone all i
j round the Senate, but I cannot even get pall bear- j
; ers enough to give it a respectful burial. I hope,
therefore, we shall consign it to the grave. We
] have talked long enough.
] Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
| upon the passage of the bill: and they were or-
i dered, and taken, with the following result:
j YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bright, Brodhead,
, Brown, Butlor, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge oftowa, Douglas, Evans, I.Mt/.pa'nck, G^yer, Gwm,
! Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
j Mallory, Mason, Petal, Husk, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell,
Stuart. ^ unmer, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Ton
I eey, Walker, and Weller—3G.
1 NAYS—Messrs. B.idKor, Bell, Daw.-on, Fessenden,
Fish, Foot, Gillette, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt,
and Itockwell—11.
j So the bill was passed.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. It will be necessary to
amend the title of the bill, in order to make it
consistent with the substituteof the Senator from
j] Virginia. 1 therefore move to amend it so thatit
' will read as follows:
"An act to reduce and graduate the price of the
i public lands to purchasers and actual settlers, and j
to grant the rightof preemption in certain cases." I
il Mr. ADAMS "And for other purposes." ,
!j Mr. GWIN. That certainly does not cover I
,j the object of the bill. "Afid for other purposes" j
;j should be added to it. j
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest that as there I
is some little difference amongst the friends of the |
bill, its title should be " An act for certain pur- |
poses therein mentioned." That will accomplish i
everything. [Laughter.] '
Mr. BRODHEAD. I add to it the words "and
for other purposes."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not like that
amendment. I am not very anxious about it by
any means. I know the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is, as he was, an enemy of the original bill.
It is said by some of the friends of the homestead
principle that this is a homestead bill. If it issos
let the title declare it.
The amendment was agreed to; and the title, as
amended, was adopted.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the'bill, as passed, be printed.
^ TEXAS DEBT BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move >hat the Senate
take up the Texan debt bill.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope we shall take up and con-
sider the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Is it the object of the Senator to have discussion
on the Texan debt bill?
Mr. BRIGHT. The object of the Senator is
to get up the bill, and to have a vote upon it. I
suppose it can be donethis morning beyond doubt,
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate, with great
regret so far as the Senator's bill is concerned, not
to take up that bill, in order that we may go into
Executive session, and dispose of Executive bus-
iness.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senate will recollect that
yesterday morning I promised that if it was dis-
cussed over half an hour, I should agree to post-
pone it. 1 did so with the understanding that it
would be taken up this morning and disposed of.
Mr. PETT1T. I dislike to interfere with my
colleague, or any other Senator, but I am very
desirous of having a resolution considered, which
I laid upon the table last Saturday, providing for
the printing of a number of copies of the Kansas
and Nebraska act The session is drawing to n
close, and it, ought to be acted on.
Mr. BRIGH T. I will ask but an hour for the
consideration of the bill. If it shall take more
than that time, I shall be willing to let it go over.
Mr. Bright's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to provide
for the payment of such creditors of thelateRe-
pubhc of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 1850, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Bright,
to add to the amendment of the committee the
following:
Provided, That the interest on the debt embraced in this
act shall be determined l\v the existing laws ot the State of
Texas.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER 1 know it is not in order un-
less by general consent; but I wish to say that, if
the bill is not disposed of at one o'clock, I hope
we shall postpone it, and either take up the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, or go into Exec-
utive session.
Mr STUART Give an hour to its considera-
tion.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is a method of defeating
the hill entirely. Senators could t<dk it out, if they
choose, by that means. I name an hour, for the
reason that, 1 think, within that time we can cer-
tainly dispose of it.
Mr. CHASE. I move to strike cut " eight,"
and insert "six," so as to make the amount
$0,500,000,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to
reduce the amount from $8,500,000 to §6,500,000.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to state the grounds on
which that amendment is based. It will test the
question as well as any other, «nd I think better,
tnan any other upon this bill. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Bright] stated" to the Senate that
the debt and interest at this time amount to some-
thing less than §6,000,000. Adding to the prin-
cipal and interest the fourteen per cent, which the
Secretary oftheTrensury now pays in anticipation
for debts of this class, being the premium which
the stock would command in market, it made,
according to the statement of the Senator from
Indiana, $6,500,000. I have verified that state-
ment by my own calculation, and find it to be
correct. The simple question submitted to the
Senate now is, shall we assume §2,000,000 of
the debt of Texas in addition to that provided
