1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
time the creditors of Texas wished us to insert a
stipulation that $5,000,000 should be reserved, and
not paid to Texas until their releases were filed,
so that they mightget theirdebts. We were then
told that the obligations "were only something over
$4,000,000. If I recollect aright, the Senator
from Maryland made a communication to us that
$5,000,000 was more than enough to pay the
whole.
Mr. PEARCE. At the time to which the Sen-
ator refers, I did state, on the authority of a doc-
ument with which I had been furnished from the
auditor's office of the State of Texas, that the
amount of the debts of Texas, from which her
revenues from imports were pledged, was about
$4,500,000. It turned out afterwards, however,
that,-in this estimate, they only took into conside-
ration those bonds in which, upon their face, the
revenues from customs were pledged to nomine.
There were, as it turned out afterwards, other
bonds for which the revenues were pledged,
though not in that form, but equally as effectual.
That enlarged the class. If, at the time of the in-
troduction of that bill, I had been aware of the
amount of all the debts for which those revenues
were pledged, I think 1 should have reserved a
great deal more. *
Mr. RUSK. The words contained in the bound-
ary act are: "The debts for which the revenues
of Texas, from impost duties, were specially
pledged." There were a great many such debts,
but covering, I believe, altogether, a little less
than $5>000>000. The matter, however, was sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, to de-
termine what class of the debts of Texas came
under the provisions of the boundary act. He
examined the laws of Texas, and determined that,
in all cases where the revenues generally were
pledged, there was a special pledge of the revenues
from impost duties.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, Mr. President, the
point I was stating wan, that we acted m 1850
upon the supposition that there were less than
$5,000,000 of the debts of Texas for which these
revenues were pledged. I did not then understand
that we were under the slightest moral or legal
obligation to pay one dollar of that indebtedness.
1 did not understand that that act was making
us assume any of those debts; but that, inas-
much as we were to pay $10,000,000, and as it
was understood that Texas was willing to take
$5,000,000, and to furnish receipts for the remain-
der, and that had been a compromise between
Texas and the bondholders, we we willing to pay
it in any shape that was agreeable to Texas, to
whom the money was to be paid. We therefore
put a stipulation that $5,000,000 were to be re-
served.
But I maintain that does not contain any impli-
cation that we assumed to pay the bonds, for the
assumption was to Texas and not to the bond-
holders. We had nothing to do with the cred-
itors. We did not acknowledge that we owed
anything to the creditors. We acknowledge the
debt to be to Texas. The debt was created m
consideration of the land she granted, it was an
obligation to pay her money, in consideration of
that land, ana to pay it in a particular form.
Now, sir, there is an attempt to argue that we
are bound to pay the debts of Texas, because,
prior to annexation, Texas had specially pledged
her import revenues for the payment of her debts.
If that be true, we tire now making a still further
assumption, and one the extent of which no one
can calculate, by acknowledging that we are
bound to pay the debts of Texas, for which her
revenues were pledged. If I recollectaright, when
the proposition to annex Texas was pending,
proof was furnished that the whole of Texas had
been specially pledged by Mexico to England for
the payment of sixty or eighty millions. If that
pledge, binding Mexico to England, holding a lien
on Texas, was assumed by us when we annexed
Texas, we should be bound, by the same princi-
ple, to pay those sixty or eighty millions of dol-
lars to England, for which the whole State of
Texas, revenues, lands, and ail, was pledged. If
I recollect aright, evidence was furnished also that
a mortgage was held by the Lnglish bondholders,
or, perhaps, by England herself, on the northern
States of Mexico, including California, If the
annexation of California binds us now to pay all :
the debts for which California was previously
pledged, who knows how many millions or hun-
dreds of millions of dollars we may be compelled
to pay in consequence of the anneitfation of Cali-
fornia ?
Sir, the same assumption would go back and
compel us to pay the debts which Spain contracted
before the independence of Mexico, inasmuch as
she pledged Mexico for the payment of those
debts. 1 fear, sir, that we are about establishing
a principle of the assumption of debts which may
carry with it one, two, or three hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars. No man can see how far it will
go-
I am not willing to do any act by which we
shall assume any obligation to pay one dollar
beyond our stipulation. Our stipulation is for
$5,000,000, with interest. I am ready to pay that
to-day; but I am not willingto pay any more than
that. If we now pay $2,000,000 for the purpose
of compromise, we thereby admit the principle
that we are bound for the whole. The moment
you admit that principle, do you think your com-
promise will stand to-day ? Next year, they will
demand of us to pay the balance of the debt. The
moment we admit the punciple, we shall be held
responsible for the whole; and if the principle be
correct, we ought to pay _tne whole. Then who
knows how far we shall be bound to pay the debts
of Mexico to England, and to other European
Powers, by which California and Texas were
specially pledged.
For these reasons I cannot vote to pay any more
than that which we specifically assumed to pay
to the State of Texas in consideration of the lands
we purchased of her in 1850.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Piesident, there is noth-
ing in this bill which commits the Government to
pay a dollar beyond that which she is now com-
mitted to pay on the Journals of Congress. The
honorable Senator from Illinois must permit me
to say that I think his argument is a very unfair
one. If there are any mortgages existing of the
character to which he refers, I should be glad to
see them. I apprehend, however, that his suppo-
sition on that head is based merely on rumor,
and that neither he nor any other Senator believes
there is any probability that the United States can
be charged with the payment of any other debt
than that named in this bill, by the terms of the
bill, or that any principle or precedent will be es-
tablished by the bill, which is not jji accordance
with previous legislation.
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] has already stated that, at the time the
compromise measures were passed, he prepared
the amendment reserving $5,000,000 from the
public Treasury with which to liquidate that part
of the debt of Texas for which her public reve-
nues had been pledged. He further states, what
I know and what other Senators know to be the j
fact, that at that time the impression prevailed that i
$5,000,000 would cover all that part of the debt
of Texas, and no doubt it did cover all that part
which upon its face appeared to be pledged for
that object. But, as the honorable Senator said,
previous acts of the Legislature of Texas had
provided that other parts of her debt, issued at a
former period, should operate in the same man-
ner. If the committee who reported that bill had
known that the debt of Texas, of the description j
or class I have mentioned, exceeded $5,000,000, i
there is no doubt they would have made the pro- j
viso broad enough,andthe$l0,000,000 would have I
been reserved. But it was supposed at the time j
that $5,000,000 would cover the entire amount, j
thus relieving the United States from all liability.
By the terms of the act of 1850 we are bound to
pay $5,000,000 in stock, bearing five per cent, in-
terest,and having fourteen years to run. Fouryears
of that time have expired. The interestupon that,
together with the premium, amounts, at. this time,
to $6,500,000. The entire debt of Texas amounts
to between $12,500,000 and $13,000,000, and it is
contended by many that the United States are liable
to pay that sum; but that is a question which it is
not necessary to consider now. There are mem-
bers in both branches of Congress, however, who
acknowledge this liability, and it is'with these facts
looking us m the face that we are called to meet
this question. Now, we say to Texas, by this bill,
"We will give you, at this time, $5,000,000,
with the interest upon it. instead of requiring you
to wait nine years longer." Whether Texas, by
the act whicti appropriated $5,000,000, is made a
party to it in such a way that nothing can be done
with the $5,000,000 until her consent be obtained,
is a question which we do not touch. We say to
Texas: " If you will assent to this arrangement,
we will make this appropriation." It is nothing
more nor less than this: A proposition to say to
the creditors of Texas, "We will give you
$8,500,000, in consideration that you will sign
full and final releases to the United States for
about $13,000,000; and if there be any excess, if
you have any claim in addition to the amount we
pay you, look to Texas for it." We say to
Texas, by the terms of this bill, "If you con-
sent to this arrangement, we will carry it out in
good faith." it is narrowed down to the sim-
ple proposition whether we shall advance the in-
terest now, or wait, as the Senator from Delaware
said, with an overflowing Treasury, nine years
longer, and then make the payment, and in the
meantime be importuned from session to session
in reference to this debt. The committee, after
weighing all the facts, and examining the question
in all its bearings, with an anxious desire to do
justice to Texas, to the public Treasury, and to the
creditors, have said to them: " We will cancel the
obligation to issue the stock, and pay you directly
the amount that stock will be worth at the end of
the term." This seems reasonable to the Commit-
tee on Finance; but, if not so, I hope the Senator
from Illinois and others who agree with him will
come forward with a better plan.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,it
reduces the sum which is proposed to be appropri-
ated from $8,500,000, which includes principal and
interest to this time, and anticipated interest for
nine years, to $6,500,000, which is the amount of
] the principal and interest up to this time, with the
present premium upon the stock of the United
States. I think that is a fair proposition. I feel
willing to go thus far, but no further. I cannot sge
on what principles of justice we can becallejl upon
to anticipate this interest for such a length of time
amounting to such a large sum—$2,000,000.
Why, sir, if we had been in default, there are
those here who would say that we ought not to
pay interest. There are those here who would
contend that the Government ought not to pay
interest, even if it were in default. Who are those
Senators? Why, sir, first among them stands
the Senator from Delaware; I believe next to him
stands the SenatoF from Indiana; and yet they
can now come forward and contend that where
the Government is not under any obligation for
the debt, where it is not in default, but when the
debt is not yet due for nine years, we should step
forward and anticipate it, and pay in advance the
interest for that period. Xes, sir, those Senators
who now contend most strenuously for the antici-
pation of this interest, and the payment of it to
the creditors of Texas, are the very Senators who
fight the question of interest here whenever a
private claimant sets up a claim to it, although
^ the Government of the United States may have
been m default. It looks a little strange to me at
least. I am not able to see into the matter.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator is not authorized
to say that, as a general principle, I fight what he
calls interest. I allow interest where I think it is
right, and I resist it where I think it is wrong,
I governing myself by the facts as they present
' themselves in each case.
Mr. WALKER. That is right; but I believe
the Senator and myself have very frequently dif-
fered in reference to what was right in regard to
interest. I have placed it upon this ground: The
Government of the United States, under the Con-
stitution, has no right to take private property for
public use without a just compensation. I have
said heretofore, that I could see no distinction
! between taking $1,000 of private property and ap-
j propriatmg it to public use directly without com-
pensation, and taking it by means of detaining a
sum from an individual for a sufficient length of
time to produce the amount of $1,000, at the legal
rate of interest, and in this way taking it indi-
rectly. I have said that the Constitution prohibits
as effectually the depriving an individual of his
property by this indirect means, as it does the
depriving him of it by direct and positive means.
But, sir, here is a case where the Government is
not in default, wheretheGovernmenthas deprived
nobody of anything, has appropriated the prop-
erty of no one for public use, and yet it is asked
that the Government shall step forward and ad-
