1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Mr. BENTON. Has there been an amend-
ment offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment has been
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, (Mr.
Wentworth.]
Mr. BENTON. And entertained?
The CHAIRMAN. Not entertained as yet.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
proposes an amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the chairman if
he decides that it cannot be entertained !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
can be.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I will ask the Chair
if he decides that an amendment can be entertained
until general debate has closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. I believe that it is an
amendment in the second degree, and therefore it
is liable to be spoken to.
Mr. TAYLOR. But, Mr. Chairman, that will
so alter the practice 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) If
the gentleman from Ohio will permit me, I will
state that, so far from that altering the state of the 1
case, no debate is in order in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union upon any
proposition, except there is a pending motion
touching that proposition.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That is my doctrine.
I have made a proposition. I have an hour upon
it.
Mr. TAYLOR. But we are going on now by
general consent.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. There is no general
consent to the course about being pursued.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman from Illinois
will allow me, I would suggest that he had better
go on and make his hour's speech, and then move
his amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 wish to say to the
gentleman from Ohio, and to the committee, that
1 moved the amendment for a particular purpose;
and those gentlemen who know me, and know the
course which I have pursued in Congress, know
that when I undertake to effect a matter of this kind,
within the rules of the House, I will persevere in
my efforts until I exhaust my powers under the
rule. Until I have exercised the full powers which
I may possess under the rule, I will notstop. This
is a matter which is frequently seen carried out
hare. After the members have spoken round,
some one moves an amendment, and then, under
that motion, the discussion goes round again, and
each member is entitled to another hour to express
his views. An amendment is now pending, and
the whole House understands what my object was
in moving it. I now ask that the gentleman from
Missouri, who claims the floor, be heard upon this
amendment.
General assent was expressed.
Mr. BENTON. What is the decision made
by the Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
in an amendment of the second degree, as that
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, debate rs ^
in order, and therefore the gentleman from Mis-'
souri has the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will state his point of order.
Mr. BENTON. " Amphibology," sir, " Am-
phibology;" that was the point where I left off.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] has risen to a t
point of order.
[Several Members here cried "Give it up!"
"Give it up!" "Oh, withdraw your amend-
ment!" ■' Withdraw it, Wentworth!"]
Mr. WENTWORTH said he thanked mem-
bers for their suggest jons to withdraw. He doubted
not their kind feelings. But they were new mem-
bers, and, with all due respect, he was confident
that they would not make such suggestions if they
knew the points he still had. And, as those op-
posed to the venerable gentleman's speaking were
principally old members, and had served with him
many years in Congress, he would respectfully
suggest that he had made up his mind to hear the
gentleman from Missouri speak. He had reflected
well upon his rights in this matter, and had made
up his mind fully upon the subject. And those
who knew him knew well that every one of those
rights would be exhausted before he should leave
the floor.
When he spoke of his rights, he meant his
rights under the rules. It was not his purpose to
discuss the propriety of the rules now. He should
obey them all. Those rules were now in his favor,
and gentlemen mightas well keep cool; as, sooner
or later, the gentleman from Missouri would fol-
low him with his speech, even though he [Mr.
W.] kept the committee in session to the end of
time. For he was confident that the Chairman
would not take these interruptions out of the full
hour which he was entitled to, and which he in-
tended to exhaust, unless the committee would
allow an older and abler man to be heard in his
place. He hoped the gentleman from Missouri
would now be allowed to proceed.
Mr. SMITH. The question of order which I
rise to, Mr. Chairman, is this: I want to know
distinctly whether that be the decision of the Chair,
that during the consideration of a matter 
Some Members interrupted.
Mr. SMITH. Gentlemen will please allow me
to express myself. I did not exactly hear what
the gentleman from Missouri said; but if I gather
his meaning aright, I can only say in reply that
threats have no terror for me.
Mr. BENTON. Is that a point of order, Mr.
Chairman?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is going to state his point of order.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. SMITH. The point of order to which I
wish to call the attention of the Chairman and of
the committee is this: I want to know if,during the
consideration of a bill, and after a gentleman has
discussed the general question ontheUnion,hecan
go on again, and discuss it upon each amendment
thiU may be offered. Is that the decision of the
Chair?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
after the general discussion has closed, members
I have a right to speak on such amendments as may
I be subsequently offered.
Mr. SMITH. Very well; 1 only wanted to
know that fact. I can know how to avail myself
of the effects of that decision.
Mr. BENTON. That was all I wanted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And that's all I wanted.
Mr. BENTON resumed, and concluded his
speech, the full report of which is given above.
Mr. HIESTER obtained the floor.
Mr. MEACHAM. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hies-
ter,] I move that the committee rise.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House, (No. 271,) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government, for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1854, with the amendments of" the Senate thereto,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
[A message from the President of the United
States was here received, by the hands of Sidney
Webster, Esq., his Private Secretary, transmit-
ting a report of the Attorney General suggesting
modifications in the manner of conducting the
legal business of the Government.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to pre-
sent a resolution.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object, and insist upon
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported from
the Committee on-Public Lands " granting lands
equally to the several States to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads and the support of schools.1'
The first question in order is upon recommitting
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands, upon
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from New York will give way, I move that the
House adjourn; or rather, before that is done, take
up the message of the President. I suppose that
the gentleman from New York was not expecting
his bill to come up to-day, and is not prepared
to go on.
Mr. BENNETT. I willingly yield to the
motion made by the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
proposes that the message from the President oe
now presented to the House. As it is not ob-
jected to, the Chair presents the following message
from the President of the United States:
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The Clerk read the President's message, trans-
mitting a report of the Attorney General, suggest-
ing modifications of the manner of conducting the
legal business of the Government; which message
and report were referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the member
from Georgia will withdraw his motion. We
have yet an hour before the ordinary time of ad-
journment, and there are several committees
which have reports to make. I think, therefore,
that we ought.to remain and receive their reports.
Mr. WHEELER. If the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his motion, I will renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I insist upon my motion.
I think the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] is mistaken about the reports of committees.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. <
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at a quarter before three
o'clock, p. m., adjourned to to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jpril 26, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any bill which will permit the introduc-
tion of slavery into Nebraska or Kansas; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, re-
monstrating against the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
Pennsylvania Yearly Meeting of Progressive
Friends, praying Congress to adopt such meas-
ures as will tend to induce foreign Powers to refer
ail disputes to an arbitration of nations; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bradford, New
Hampshire, remonstrating against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise; which was ordered to
; lie on the table.
| Also, an additional document in support of the
l claim of Hall J. Kelly, for remuneration for dis-
[ coveries made by him in Oregon; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Charlotte
S. Westcott, widow of Captain George C. West-
cott, of the Army, praying to be allowed a pen-
i sion; which was referred to the Committee on
| Pensions.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
i tion of John F. Moses, of Exeter, in the State of
^ New Hampshire, praying the further favorable
' action of Congress in relation to the indigent insane
! bill; which was ordered to lie on the tabie. _
! Mr. EVANS presented two petitions of citizens
I of the United States professing the Jewish reh-
| gion, and residing in Charleston, South Carolina,
I praying that measures may be taken to procure
| for all citizens of the United States, of every creed,
! a just degree of civil and religious freedom while
| residing in foreign countries; which was referred
® to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STUART presented a document ill favor
of the establishment of certain mail routes in the
mineral region of Lake Superior; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Mi-
