1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£79
defiance of its express prohibition. It is a curious
fact, that so long as Congress said the territory of
Illinois should not have slavery, she actually had
it; and on the very day when you withdrew your
congressional prohibition, the people of Illinois,
of their own free will ami accord, provided for a
system of emancipation. ,.
Thus you did not succeed in Illinois Territory
with your ordinance or your Wilmot proviso, be-
cause the people there regarded it as an invasion |
of their rights. They regarded it as a usurpation !
on the part of the Federal Government. They re- i
garded it as violative of the great principles of)
self government, and they determined that they j
would never submit even to have freedom so long '
as you forced it upon them.
Nor must it be said that slavery was abolished !
in the constitution of Illinois in order to be ad- ,
niitted into the Union as a State, in compliance
with the ordinance of 1787, for they did no such 1
thing. In the constitution with which the people 1
of Illinois were admitted into the Union, they ab-
solutely violated, disregarded, and repudiated your '
ordinance. The ordinance said that slavery should 1
be forever prohibited m that country. The con-
stitution with which you received them into the '
Union as a State said that all slaves then in the
State should remain slaves for life, and that all
persons born of slave parents after a certain day
should be free at a certain age, and thatall persons
bom in the State after a certain other day should be
free from the time of their birth. Thus their State
provision was forced into the Oregon bill prohibit-
ing slavery in that Territory; but that only goes
to show that the object of those who pressed it
was not so much to establish free institutions as to
gain a political advantage by giving an ascendency
to their peculiar doctrines, in the laws of the land;
for slavery having been already prohibited there,
and no man proposing to establish it, what was
the necessity for insulting the people of Oregon by
saying in your law that they should not do that
which they had unanimously said they did not
wish to do ? That was the only effect of your legis-
lation, so far as the Territory of Oregon was con-
cerned.
How was it in regard to California? Every
one of these abolition confederates who have thus
arraigned me and the Committee on Territories be-
fore the country, who have misrepresented our po-
sition, and misquoted the law and the fact, predict-
ed that unless Congress interposed by law, and
prohibited slavery in California, it wduld inevitably
become a slave-holding State. Congress did not
interfere; Congress did not prohibit slavery.
There was no enactment upon the subject; but the
people formed a State constitution, and then pro-
hibited slavery.
I Mr. WELLER. The vote was unanimous in
| the convention of California for prohibition.
; Mr. DOUGLAS. So it was in regard to Utah
and New Mexico. In 1850, we who resisted any
attempt to force institutions upon the people of
those Territories, inconsistent with their wishes
constitution, as well as their territorial legislation, ji and their right to decide for themselves, were d
repudiated your ordinance. Illinois, therefore, is
a case in point to prove that whenever you have
attempted to dictate institutions to any part of the j
United States, you have failed. The same is true,
though not to the same extent, with reference to
the Territory of Indiana, where there were many
slaves during the time of its territorial existence; ;
and I believe also there were a few in the Terri- '
tory of Ohio.
But, sir, these Abolition confederates in their j
manifesto, have also referred to the wonderful re- J
suits of their policy in the State of Iowa and the
Territory of Minnesota. Here again they hap- j
pen to be in fault as to the laws of the land. The j
act to organize the Territory of Iowa did not pro- J
hibit slavery, but the people of Iowa were allowed ;
to do as they pleased under the territorial gov-
ernment; for the sixth section of that act provided
that the legislative authority should extend to all :
rightful subjects of legislation, except as to thedis-
position of the public lands, and taxes in certain
cases, but not excepting slavery. It may, how-i
ever, be said by some that slavery was prohibited
in Iowa by virtue of that clause in the Iowa act
which declared the laws of Wisconsin to be in
force therein,"inasmuch as the ordinance of 1787
was one of the laws of Wisconsin. If, however,
they say this, they defeat their object, because
nounced as slavery propagandists. Every one
permanently a slave-holding country. I have no
idea that it could. All I have to say on that sub*
jeet is, that when you create them into a Territory,
you thereby acknowledge that they oughtto be
considered a distinct political organization. And
when you give them in addition a Legislature, you
thereby confess that they are competent to exer-
cise the powers of legislation. If they wish sla-
very they have a right tait. If they do not want
it they will not have it, and you should not force
it upon them.
I do not like, I never did like, the system of
legislation on our part, by which a geographical
line, in violation of the laws of nature, and climate,
and soil, and of the laws of God, should be run to
establish institutions for a people; yet, out of a
regard for the peace and quiet of the country, out
of respect for past pledges, and out of a desire
to adhere faithfully to all compromises, I sustained
the Missouri compromise so long as it was in
force, and advocated its extension to the Pacific.
Now, when that has been abandoned, when it has
been superseded, when a great principle of self-
government has been substituted for it, t choose to
cling to that principle, and abide in g;ood faith, not
only by the letter, but by the spirit of the last
compromise.
Sir, I do not recognize the right of the Aboli-
tionists of this country to arraign me for being
false to sacred pledges, as they have done in their
proclamation. Let them show when and where
| 1 have ever proposed to violate a compact. I have
proved that I stood by the compact of 1820 and
1845, and proposed its continuance and observance
of us who was in favor" of the Compromise ' in 1848. I have proved that the Free-Soilers and
    „ C 1 om fr,*. koTrl.-in- I A krtl 11 i r\r\ i of o urflpo tVlP fflliltV nfll'tiffi wVlO Violated
measures of 1850 was arraigned for having advo-
cated a principle proposing to introduce slavery
into those Territories; and the people were told,
and made to believe, that unless we prohibited it
by act of Congress, slavery would necessarily and
inevitably be introduced into these Territories.
Well, sir, we did establish the territorial gov-
ernments of Utah and New Mexico without any
prohibition. We gave to tHese Abolitionists a
full opportunity of proving whether their predic-
tions were true or false. Years have rolled round,
and the result is before us. The people there
have not passed any law recognizing, or estab-
lishing, or introducing, or protecting slavery in
the Territories.
1 know of but one Territory of the United States
where slavery does exist, and that one is where
you have prohibited it by law, and it is this very
Nebraska Territory. In defiance of the eighth
section of the act. of 1820, in defiance of Congres-
sional dictation, there have been, not many, but a
few slaves introduced. I heard a minister of the
Gospel the other day conversing with a member of
the Committee on Territories upon this subject.
This preacher was from that country; and a mem-
ber put this question to him: "Haveyou_any_ ne-
 - 5 ' Hu cu l n t
He said there were a few held
by the Indians. I asked him if there were not some
held by white men ? He said there were a few, un- !
der peculiar circumstances, and he gave an in- 1
stance: An abolition missionary, a very good man, I
had gone there from Boston, and he took his wife
with him. Hegotoutintothecountry,butcouldnot
get any help; hence he, being a kind-hearted man,
iect ot tree ana slave institutions cnmny, u.hjjmb- p went down to Missouri,and gave §1,000 for a ne-
sionatelv, without any restraint ordictation, and ij gro, and took him up there as help. lL.au h-
Moutuciy, wimvu.  . 1 «•„ nculiav circumstances, when
reachers and mis-
the very clause which transfers the laws of Wis- i groes out there?
consin to Iowa., and makes them of force therein, ! k-
also provides that those laws are subject to be al-
tered, modified or repealed by the Territorial Le-
gislature of Iowa. Iowa, therefore, was left to do
as she pleased. Iowa, when she came to form a
constitution and State government, preparatory
to admission into the Union, considered the sub-
ject of free and slave institutions calmly, dispas-
sionately. without any restraint ordictation, and n gro, «   "r l—
determined that it would be to the interest of her j ter.] So, under peculiar circumstances, when
people in their climate, and with their productions,
to prohibit slavery, and hence Iowa became a free
State by virtue of this great principle of allowing
the people to do as they please, and not in obedi- ^
eoceto any federal command.
The Abolitionists are also in the habit of refer-
ring to Oregon as another instance of the triumph
of their abolition policy. There again they have ,
overlooked or misrepresented the history of the
country. Sir, it is well known, or if it is not, it
ought to be, that for about twelve years you failed
to give Oregon any governmentorany protection;
and during that period the inhabitants of that
country established a government of their own,
and by virtue of their own laws, passed by then-
own representatives before you extended your
jurisdiction over them, prohibited slavery by a
unanimous vote. Slavery was prohibited thei e by
the action of the people themselves, and not by
virtue of any legislation of Congress.
It is true that in the midst of the tornado which
swept over the country in 1848,1849, and 1850, a
these Free-Soil and Abolition
sionaries go into the country, they can buy a ne-
o-ro for their own use, but they do not like to allow-
any one else to do the same thing. [Renewed
laughter.] I suppose the fact of the matter is sim-
ply this: there the people can get no servants—no
" help," as they are called in the section of coun-
try where 1 was born—and, from the necessity of j. one    u.g "Y ":"d„lterated Abolitionists
the case, they must do the best they can, and for but pure, - • •
Abolitionists were the guilty parties who violated
that compromise then. I should like to compare
notes with these Abolition confederates about ad-
herence to compromises. When did they stand
by or approve of any one that was ever made?
Did not every Abolitionist and Free-Soiler in
America denounce the Missouri compromise in
1820? Did they not for years hunt down raven-
ously for his blood every man who assisted in
making that compromise? Did they not in 1845,
when Texas was annexed, denounce all of us who
went for the annexation of Texas, and for the con-
tinuation of the Missouri compromise line through
it? Did they not in 1848 denounce me as a slave-
ry propagandist for standing by the principles of
the Missouri compromise, and proposing to con-
tinue the Missouri compromise line to the Paci-
fic ocean? Did they not themselves violate and
repudiate it then ? Is not the.charge of bad faith
true as to every Abolitionist in America, instead
of being true as to me and the committee, and
1 those who advocate this bill?
i They talk about the bill being a violation of the
' compromise measures of 1850. Who can show
i me a man in either House of Congress who was
' in favor of the compromise measures of 1850, and*
! who is not now in favor of leaving the people of
! Nebraska and Kansas to do as they please upon
the subject of slavery according to the provisions
of my bill? Is there one? If so, 1 have not
heard of him. This tornado has been raised by
Abolitionists, and Abolitionists alone. They
I have made an impression upon the public mind in
| the way in which I have mentioned, by_a falsifi-
1 cation of the law and the facts; and this whole
j organization against the compromise measures of
I 1850 is an Abolition movement. I presume they
i had some hope of getting a few tender-footed
! Democrats into their plot; and, acting on what
1 they supposed they might do, they sent forth
publicly to the world the falsehood that their ad-
: dress was signed by the Senators and * F
of the Representatives from the
this reason a few slaves have been taken theie. 1
have no doubt that whether you organize theTer- ,\
ritory of Nebraska or not this will continue for j;
sometime to come. It certainly does exist, and it '1
will increase as long as the Missouri compromise j
applies to theTerritory; and I suppose it will con- j
tinue for a little while during their territorial con- j
dition, whether a prohibition is imposed or not. j
But when settlers rush in—when labor becomes i
plenty, and therefore cheap, m that climate, with
its productions, it is worse than folly to think of
its beinga slave-holding country. I do not believe
there is a man in Congress who thinks it could be
when we come to examine signatures,
one Whig there, no one Democrat there; none
s ^ted unadulterated Abolitionists.
Much effect, Iknow, has been produced by this
circular coming as it does with the imposing title
of a representation of a majority of the Ohio del-
' -yyhat was the.reason for its effect^ Be-
cause the manner in
egation. vv n"' ™:~ it wag sent fonh jm-
TT.hM ,11 he Whir members from that State
S SI it! It part of the Democrats had
signed it; and then that the two Abolitionists had
gned it, and that made a majority of the delega-
tion By this means it frightened the Whig party
Id'the Democracy in the State of Ohio, because
they supposed their own Representatives and
friends had gone into this negro movement, when
