1848
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
judges of Minnesota to $2,000; to increase the
salary of Governor of New Mexico to $3,000, and
of the secretaries of Oregon, Washington, Utah,
and New Mexico, to $2,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed Senate bill au-
thorizing the extension of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad into the District of Colum-
bia, with amendments.
Also, thatthey had passed the following Senate
bills and joint resolution:
A bill to confirm the claim of Dusuan de la
Croix to a tract of land therein described;
Bill for the relief of Charles Cooper & Co;
Bill for the relief of James Dunning;
Bill for the relief of Joseph Mitchell;
Bill authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter thesame quantity else-
where;
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joshua Kennedy, deceased;
Bill for the relief of John Phagan;
Bill for the relief of Ezra Williams; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay to
Juan C, Armijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legis-
lative Assembly of theTeriitory of New Mexico,
under authority of a joint resolution of that bf>dy,
approved June 17, 1851.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills:
Bill for the relief of Captain George Simpton,
of Galveston;
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Gerard;
Bill for the relief of D. C. Cash and Giles U.
Ellis;
Bill authorizing the payment of balance of the
property accounts between the (Jnited States and
the Stale of New York, for military stores in the
war of 1812;
Bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay, ad-
ministratrix of Lieutenant Colonel tineas Mac-
kay, late a deputy quartermaster in the United
States Army.
MADALENA VAN NESS.
The bill for the relief of Madalena Van Vess,
widow of Cornelius P. Van Ness, deceased, was
read a second time; and, on motion by Mr. Geyer,
considered its in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $9,000 to Mrs. Van
Ness in consideration of services rendered by I
her husband, in the seizure of goods imported ,
into the district of Vermont, in violation of the
laws of 1 he United States, during the years 181.1
and 1814, while he was collector of the customs j
for that district, for which services he did not re- ;
ceive the award provided by Ww m such cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read a third time, and passed. j
JOHN DONNELt, AND SON. !
Mr. PEARCE 1 ask the unanimous consent ;
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution for
the relief of John Donnell & Son.
Unanimous consent was given, and the joint
resolution was read twice by its title. ]
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senate will allow me to ;
make an explanation of two minutes, 1 think they .
will consent to act upon the resolution. If' there ,
be any objection, I shall, of course, yield.
Several Senators, We are all iti favor of it.
Mr. PEARCE. If it can be passed without [
any objection, 1 shall not trouble the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Several Senators. Read it. '
It proposes to require the Third Auditor to re-
open and adjust the claims of John Donnell &
Son, for damages sustained in consequence of the
sinkingofthe ships Chesapeake and Thomas Wil-
son lot the defense of Baltimore in 1814—the ad-
justment to be under the Secretary of the Navy,
upon the principles laid down and acted upon m ]
the case of the Sciota and other subsequent cases I
by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr PEARCE, I will state in two minutes the I
object of the resolution. In 1830, Congress passed
an act authorizing payment to be made for the
vessels sunk at Baltimore for the defense of the
city during the war of 1812, and agreed to pay
twenty-five per cent, upon the value of the ships.
I have inquired at the Treasury Department, and
ascertained that upon all the other vessels they
have paid the twenty-five per cent, valuation; but,
for some reason which I have not been able to as-
certain, deductions were made on the valuation of
these two vessels. Their method was to take the
lowest estimate as the valuation on which they
paid the twenty-five per cent.; but in regard to
th&e two they applied a different rule. The ob-
ject of the resolution is to put the adjustment of
■ the account in regard to them upon the terms which
Were applied to all the others, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CLAY. I dislike to interpose any objec-
tion to the object of the honorable Senator, but I
must suppose that there was some good reason
why a distinction was made against these parties;
and hence T cannot agree that the resolution shall
be passed now. I think it ought to go to a com-
mittee, and let them report upon it. They cer-
tainly can ascertain some cause for the distinction.
I therefore move that the resolution be referred to
the Committee on Claims,*
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report back the
bill " making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State," and recommend
its passage. I ask, as a favor to my colleague
and myself, that the Senate act upon it now. It
is unanimously reported by the committee.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill, as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa. The bill is precisely
such as it has been usual to pass, with the excep-
tion that it has in it what is called the Cutting
amendment, which restricts the grant of the land |
to the twenty miles, and to the completion of the '
road—an amendment which is understood to be
necessary in order for the bill to receive the sanc-
tion of the President of the United States. An
official intimation of that character was made to
the committee, and when the fact was made
known, every member agreed to the .necessity of
so reporting the bill. It is precisely the bill which
passed before, except that it is more restricted.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CAYUSE "WAR.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill from the
House, making appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of the Cayuse war, reported it back with-
out amendment, and asked for its immediate con-
sideration.
The Senate, accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill.
It proposes to appropriate the further sum of
$75,000 to pay the actual and necessary expenses
incurred by the provisional government of Oregon,
in defending the people of the Territory from the
attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse Indians, in
; 1847 and 1848, and for such allowances for the
| expenses of adjusting the claims on that account
i as the Secretary of theTreasury may deem proper,
'■ not exceeding five dollars per day to each com-
missioner. The Secretary of the Treasury is to
| pay out of the appropriation so much as may be
i necessary to liquidate the claims according to the
! reports of the commissioners heretofore appointed,
| and of the Governor of the Territory, that have
j been corifmunicated to Congress, and no claims
; are hereafter to be allowed on account ofthis war,
j which are riot presented at the Treasury Depart -
j ment within the next fiscal year. All the claims
and accounts, not. heretofore adjusted, are to be
settled and adjusted at such place and in such man-
ner as the Secretaiy of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, and he is empowered to reexamine any
award made, and to reduce the amount, if, in his
judgment, founded on proof, it should be too
much.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the Senator from Il-
linois if he intends this as the final winding up of
the matter relating to the Cayuse war ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is accompanied by a list
of all the claims proved, and is a final winding up.
Mr. WALKER. Is there a clause in it declar-
ing it to be final ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think there is, and I be-
lieve it is entirely right.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. EVANS. It has been brought to my no-
tice to-day, by the Secretary of the Senate, that
some few days ago resolutions were passed fixing
the salaries of the officers of the Senate. Among
them is one which was submitted, I believe, by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] which
gives the clerks of committees five dollars a day
with twenty per cent, added, commencing with
the beginning of the session. Now, sir, in one
instance a clerk was appointed on the 22d of May,
and if you give him pay from the commencement
of the session, you give him fifteen dollars a day.
Mr. WELLER. That is rather too much.
Mr. EVANS. That is one instance. I there-
fore submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That 1 tie clerks of committees of the Senate
be paid from the day of their appointment, except those
who were on duty from the beginning of the session.
Mr. PETTIT. Let the resolution go over for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bright.]
It goes over, if objected to.
Mr. EVANS. I have no objection to that. 1
want to bring the attention of the Senate to the
matter.
Mr. PETTIT. I want to be heard upon it.
KANSAS AND NEBRASKA ACT.
Mr. CHASE. While 1 was out of the Cham-
ber, the resolution of the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Pettit,] ordering the printing of 10,0Q§
copies of the Kansas and Nebraska act was taken
up and acted upon. I had stated that I had an
amendment to submit to it I have always been
ready to submit it, but when the resolution was
called up, other business had been pressing upon
the attention of the Senate, and consequently it
was not in my power to submit it. 1 now ask
the Senate to reconsider the resolution, and allow
me to submit the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT. I object.
Mr. WELLER. I voted in the affirmative on
the adoption of the resolution. I move to recon-
sider the vote.
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered and taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brodheud, Chase, Cooper, Fes-
seilden, Fish, Foot, Gillette, Houston, Maltory, Rockwell,
Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Wellet—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Benjamin,
Bright, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gwm, Johnson, Jonesof Iowa, Mason,
Pettit, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Toombs—22.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 22, ld54.
Piayer by Rev. Hf.nuy Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill reported by the Committee on Pensions some
time since for the relief of the widow of James
Batchelder.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to a question which takes
precedence of the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate yesterday passed the bill "to provide
for the payment of such creditors of the late Re-
public of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 1850."
My object is not to defeat the bill. I am in
favor of its provisions; that is, I am for the pay-
ment of the §5,000,000 provided for by the act of
1850, together with the interest. My object is,
if this motion to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill be agreed to, then to move the re-
consideration of the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, tf
that shall carry, I shall move to reconsider the
