990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
chael Hanson, praying to be allowed a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill from the Mouse of Represent-
atives for the relief of Captain E. A. P. Lavallette,
of the United States Navy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
George Dennett, praying compensation for ser-
vices as naval officer at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NORTHS, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referied a peti-
tion of citizens of Washington, and a memorial
of Barnes & Mitchell, S. P. Hoover, and others,
citizens of Washington, praying that Pennsylva-
nia avenue may be paved with the Russ pavement,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial of
Urban Stoll, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion, submitted a report, accompanied by tx bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
se<ond reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
PORTRAITS OF THE EARLY PRESIDENTS.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Senate instructing them to in-
quire into the expediency of purchasing portraits
of the first five Presidents of the United States, to
report a bill "to authoiixe the purchase of por-
traits of the firr.t five Presidents of the United
States."
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask for the present consid-
eration of the bill, if such be the pleasure of the
Senate. I presume that not any, oi, at all events,
not much discussion will ensue upon it.
Mr. HUNTKlt. I have no objection to con-
sidering the hill now, provided the {Senator will
agree to postpone it, if it gives rise to debate. We
wish to dispose of the Indian appropriation biil
to-day.
Mr. PE>\ RCE. If I find that the bill gives rise
to any debate of more than a few minutes dura-
tion, I will consent to its postponement.
The bill was read a second tone, and consid-
ered as in Committee ol the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Piesident to pur-
chase,and plaeem the ExecutiveMans«on,aseues
of portraits of the first five Presidents of the United
States, by Gilbert Stuo.it, and to appropriate
$>5,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
ior that put pose.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, there are five
portt .uts, h*mg those of the lirst five Presidents of
the UnKtd States, which have been oiler ed to the
Government. They were all painted by Gilbert
Stuart, whom the Senate know to have been one of
the most eminent artists of the country. They
are originals, exceptihai of Washington, which is
Stuait's copy fiom his original. They are paint-
ings of great value, as is certified by a number
of gentlemen who are themselves artists or ama-
teurs, of tfreaf skill and judgment. All the por-
tiaits of .Smart are highly valued, as we know.
Very lately a portrait of Washington, painted by
him, was puichased, I believe, by the Boston
Athaeneum for $1,000. Those portraits are now
insured at the sum of $5,000. They are believed
to form the only complete series of portraits of the
first five Piesiderits by Stuart, now in exigence.
There was a series of the same Presidents, by the
fame artist, which the owner had deposited in the
library of Congress, some few years ago, but
they were destroyed by the fire which consumed
the library in 1852. This is probably the only
opportunity which the Government will have of
<x' quiring the portraits of the Presidents by such
& master.
The committee thought they would be appro-
priate ornaments to the President's House, and
fitting testimonials of the great men who served
their country so well and so ably in the office of
Chief Magistrate. The committee had no doubt
that Congress would readily furnish the means
for their purchase, and desire to see them placed
in the President's House.
Mr HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think, my-
self, it is very desirable that this appropiiation
should be made, and I shall vote for the bill with
great cheerfulness. I should, however, vote for
it with much more cheerfulness, if the committee
had thought it expedient to make its provisions
more extensive. This may, perhaps, be the last
opportunity we shall have to obtain the five por-
traits for which the committee makes provision.
I suppose, with the lapse of years, that difficulty
will increase, and it will also increase m regard to
those not provided for. It seems to me that the
bill should be so amended as to include all the
Presidents, or, at least, all the ex-Piesidents, for
there might be an impropriety in including the
President for the time being. But I certainly
should be glad to see the Executive Mansion
adorned with the portraits of all the preceding
Presidents, and, if there is no impropriety in the
thing, I would also include the present President.
I think the portraits of all our Chief Magistrates
ought to be preserved in the Executive Mansion.
Mr. PEARCE. If we knew where we could
procure portraits of the other Presidents, executed
by competent masters, and at the proper price, I
should have no sort of objection . This, however,
will do for a beginning. We know that we can
get these portraits painted by a consummate art-
ist; and 1 think it is as well to begin in this way,
and leave anything further to time and the future
determination of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OF INDIANS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Th;U the Secretary of the Interior communi-
cate to the Senate copter of the conduct and in*-tj netrons
undiM which Luther HI.ike was employed to remove the
IiKlnuit-lioin rioiuta, together wnii copies or Ins corn;-
srpoiulotKM' with tlie Dep.u tiiient upon thai Miliject, and of
Ins accounts and voucher* ol his expenditures as Mich
a cnl.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FISH. A few weeks since, on my motion,
last Friday week was set apart for the considera-
tion of adverse reports. The day arrived, but the
Senate was not ni session. I now move that Fri-
day next be set apart for the consideration of those
repor ts.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the order will be made.
There was no objection.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending .Tune 30, 1855.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I arm directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Allah's to oiler several amend-
ments to the bill. The first is to add to the fol-
lowing clause—
"Foi the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs por
iiet-.nl f.ih June, Ih.jO, :27th Fobiuaiy, 1 £>. !, ami 3d March,
1M-2, £1*2,500"—
the words:
PiovulcJ, That the President may. from time to time,
in hi> discretion, remove oi change the location ol any of
the Miperinteudencres, now, or hereafter to be, established
by law,
The object of that amendment is simply to give
| the power to the President to make a change in
the location of the superintendences now estab-
lished by law, if, in his discretion, it should be
desirable. It is to leave it, as a matter of discre-
I tion, with the Indian Department, m order to ac-
commodate the service, and to bring the superin-
tendent in such connection with the Indians, that
he may the more easily perform his duty. It is
; found that m some casesa change of location would
not only be desirable, but sometimes necessary
| for the proper conducting of the business of the
Department, and now the object is to authorize the
| Department, at discretion, to make the removal or
, change.
Mr. STUART. I am in favor of the proposi-
i tion made in that amendment, but I desire to move
1 an amendment to it, to the effect that the proviso
1 in the second section of the act, approved Febru-
ary 9,1, 1851, be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
j Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator state
! what the proviso is which he desires to repeal?
j Mr. STUART. I want to repeal the proviso
! in the second section of (he art of February 27,
1851, which connects the superintendency m Mm-
1 nesota with the Governor of Minnesota. That
| superintendency should be under the charge of
; the superintendent now in Wisconsin, it was
: retained with the Governor, as will be seen by
j looking at the law, as a special case east of the
1 Rocky Mountains, because the then Governor of
j the Territory was said to be engaged in making a
i treaty; so that at that time the general provision
, of the law could not apply to him. My amend-
1 ment will be in the following form:
j And that the pioviso contained in section two of the act
> approved February ^7, 1651, be, and the same is hereby,
1 repealed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think I am not mistaken
' in saying, that the object which the Senator fiom
Michigan has in view, can be accomplished under
the law as it now exists. In the act of 1851, and
| in the proviso which he proposes to repeal, and
; whtch established the connection between the
; superintendency of Indian affairs in Minnesota
, and the office of Governor of Minnesota, the
: President is vested with the power of separating
j the two offices. The connection is to continue
■ "until he shall otherwise direct." Under the
! law, as it now stands, the power is conferred. I
I think it better to leave it to the Executive discre-
! tion, inasmuch ax that i?> the case. I think, there-
J fore, that the Senator hau better withdraw bis
amendment.
j Mr. STUART. The Senator will see in a mo-
i ment that he is mistaken in that respect. The
! provisowhich I propose to repeal, as I said,makes
an exception to the general law "which was passed
I at that time, and the reason for the exception is
! the one which I have assigned. Now,sir, whilstit
j is true that the proviso itself authorizes the Presi-
j dent of the United States to discontinue the connec-
J tion whenever he chooses, yet he has no power to
{ increase the salary of the Governor to such a point
: as rt ought to be increased to. The Governor gets
j $1,500 as Governor, and he gets £.1,000 a year as
I superintendent. lie should have s2,000 a year as
i Governor, which is the usual salary in such in-
j stances, and the superintendency should be separa-
1 ted from the Governor, and given to the general
superintendent now in Wisconsin, who can do the
i business better, and by doing which you will save
; £500 a year. You have a general superintendent
, there, who, like all others east of the Itocky
I Mountains, receives £2,000 a year, and he can just
1 as well superintend Indian allairs in Minnesoia,
, m connection with what he has, as not. You will
' see, therefore, that the power attempted to be
i conferred upon the President by the proviso, is
; incomplete, He can separate the duties, but by
i doing so, the Govei nor would receive only ^1,500
! a year, which is insufficient.
! My object is to separate the duties—to leavethe
I Indian duties with the superintendent of Indian
| affairs, where they ought to be left, and at the
: proper time to increase the salary of the Gover-
■ nor of Minnesota $500 per annum, so as to put
; him on a par with the other Governors of Tem-
i tones—the whole operation of which, in a pecu-
! niary point of \iew, will be to save the Govern-
! ment £500 a year, while you will have the business
j connected with the Indian affairs done better.
. The Senator will see that the only way to etTec.t
: the object is to change the law—to repeal thepro-
viso. The President has not the power now to
I carry it out as Congress intended.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is very true, as the
j Senator from Michigan remarks, that though that
j proviso confers upon the President the power of
separating the duties of Governor and superin-
tendent, he will not be able to increase the salary
of the Governor. The proviso provides for the
contingency of separating the offices, but does not
provide for the increase of the salary; but if that
is not now provided for, it can be effected directly
and appropriately by a provision authorizing the
Governor to receive a salary of £^,000 or £2,500
