1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
per annum, in case the President may think proper
to separate the two offices.
1 therefore suggest to my friend from Michigan,
that he can obtain his object by providing that, in
the contingency that the Executive does this, the
salary shall be raised to, say $2,000 or $2,500, and
leave the duty of separating the offices to the In-
dian Department, instead of fixing it now, at a
time when, perhaps, this step ought not to be
taken.
1 will remark, also, that this is a subject which
the Committee on Indian Affairs have had before,
them, and they came to the conclusion that they
were not prepared to recommend the separation
of the duties of superintendent from the Execu-
tive of the Territories, for the reason, that in
Washington Territory, in Utah Territory, and in
the Territory of New Mexico, the laws, as they
now exist, confide the superintendency of Indian
affairs to the Exeoutiveof the Territory. They have
concluded to report a bill, for reasons which will
be assigned when the bill comes forward, recom-
mending a separation in the Territory of Utah.
But that is done for reasons applicable to that
Territory, which do not apply to the others. If
we adopt the policy of separating the two classes
of duties in the Territory of Minnesota, we shall,
almost for the same reasons, have to separate
them in Washington and New Mexico. We,
theiefore, thought it best to confine the innovation
upon the present law to the case, and in the man-
ner which I have mentioned.
Mr. STUART. I am really at a loss to know
why the Senator from Arkansas, as chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, should object to
this p/*upGX'on. A little experience on the sub-
ject, it seems to me, ought to have convinced
everybody that, as a measure of policy, there is
nothing worse than to give the Governor of the
Territory the superintendency of Indian affaiis.
What has it cost the Government of the United
States already, with the superintendency as it was
conducted by the late Governor Ramsay, and the
investigation of the charges brought against him ?
And who is satisfied with the result of the investi-
gation? Now, just as long as the Governor of
the Territory has confided to him the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs, just so long will you
have bad management of these affairs, except
once in a while, when you may secure a very re-
markable man.
So satisfied was I upon this subject, that I ad-
dressed a note to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs yesterday morning. I have received his
reply, which I will read:
Department op the Intfrior, >
Office Indian Affairs, April 25. 1854. £
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
note of to-day, asking my " opinion as to the propriety of
separating the duties of superintendent of Indian affairs
from those of Governor of Minnesota," as -'the Indian ap
propriation bill is now before the Senate, and" you " wi*h
to append to it such a provision, if it meets with" my
"judgment,"
By reference to the second secyon of the twenty-fourth
chapter of laws passed at the second session ol the Thirty-
Fnst Congress., page 586, in volume 9, you will find that
the President has the power of suspending the execution of
the duties of superintendent by the Governor of Minnesota.
My individual opinion has been, and is, that the public
interest-*, so far a<; Indian mutters are concerned, would, in
all the Territories, be subserved by a separation of the two
offices, there being no similarity in duty, or necessity lor
connection, in any respect.
Very respeetfuliy, your obedient servant.
GEO* W. MANYPENNY, Commissioner.
Hon. Charles E. Stuart, United States Senate.
That opinion of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs the Senate will see, when I read the sec-
ond section of the act, is entirely in accordance
with the views of Congress at the time; and, as I
said, the exception was made in the case of Min-
nesota, simply because there existed a temporary
reason. Let us see the section:
Sec. 2. Jlnil he it further enacted, That from and after
the 30th dav of June next, all laws, or parts of laws, now
m force, providing tor the appointment or employment of
superintendents of Indian aiFaus, of whatever character,
for any of the Indian tribes east of the Kocky Mountain*,
and north of New Mexico and Texas shall be, and thesame
arehereby, repealed ; and that the Pre&idf-nt be, and he is
hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and concent of
the Senate, to appoint three superintendents ot Indian af-
fairs for said Indians, who shall receive an annual salary
each of .-$2,001), and whose duty it shall be to exercise a
general supennfendance over such tribes of Indians as the
President of the United Sta.es, or the Secretary of the De-
partment of the Interior may direct, and to execute and
perform all the powers and duties now assigned by law to
superintendents of Indian affairs: Provided, That the
Governor of Minnesota shall continue to be, ex officio, su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for that Territory until the
President shall otherwise direct.
I say it will be seen that the intention of Con-
gress was to clear out all other mode3 of superin-
tending Indian affairs, and confide it to those thiee
general superintendents. Look at it. There is
one superintendent south. There is another in
the vicinity of Missouri-^ and still another north,
who resides in Wisconsin. It would make the
provision here complete to separate those duties
in Minnesota, and give the duty of conducting In-
dian affairs to the guperinteiident in Wisconsin,
all of which will be effected by the provision which
the chairman of the committee has now introduced;
but as I said before, the provision of law cannot
be properly carried out by the President, because
he cannot add to the salary of the Governor as
such.
I do not understand why we should not do right
things in the right places. We have now under
consideration the question of Indian superintend-
encies. Here is the place, then, of all others, to
make that part of it complete; and when we come
to the other place, I shall propose to add such sum
to the salary of the Governor of Minnesota as
shall place him on a proper footing. But, sir,
there is, I apprehend, in the experience of no
man a reason for retaining the superitendency of
Indian affairs with the Governors of the Terri-
tories. I have the authority of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, which I have just read, sanc-
tioning that view. He says that the duties should
be separated in all cases.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I would rather leave
this matter to the discretion of the Executive. I
think it would be better to do that than to make
it imperative. 1 have, myself, some doubts as to
the policy of separating the two offices. I can
well conceive, especially m the distant Territories,
that the two poweis ought to be united in the
hands of the Governor, who would be enabled
more effectually to control the Indian tribes and
prevent wars. It may be so. For that reason it
seems to me better to follow the suggestion of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and leave the matter
to the discretion of the President.
Mr. WALKER. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I feel it my duty to say
a few words upon this subject. I have very oppo-
site views to those of the Senator from Virginia.
I believe that one of the most fruitful causes of the
difficulties among the Indian tribes, and between
the Indians and the whites, has been the result of
the inability on the part of the Governors of Ter-
ritories to bestow that attention to the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs, which it was requisite
they should bestow. We know that, at the season
of the year when the Indians require the supervis-
ion of the agents, and of their superintendents,
more than at any other time—the winter season—
the Legislatures of the Territories are almost
always in session.
The Governor has, in the duties of his office as
Governor, about as much to attend to as he can
do, and very frequently more. At those times
when Indian affairs might call him from the seat
of government, he cannot attend to them; but in
the hurry of the discharge of his duty, he employs
persons to attend to them who are frequently in-
adequate to the task imposed. The Indians per-
haps dislike the person; he is odious to them;
they have a contempt for him, and a collision
springs up between them and the Government, in
consequence of an improper person having to at-
tend to the duties. Difficulties begin, in conse-
quence of the neglect, necessarily, on the part of
the Governor, and the Indians begin to seek to
right their own wrongs; they make aggressions
upon the settlements. There is no one whose spe-
cial duly it is to superintend them, to conciliate
them, and to supply them with what it is neces-
sary they should be supplied. The result is, that
more difficulty arises in consequence of this than
from almost any other cause.
I do not know what wouid be the effect in re-
gard to thenorthern superintendency, of theadop-
tion of the proposition offered by the Senator from
Michigan. Its main effect would be to separate
the office of Governor from that of superintendent
in Minnesota; but what effect it would have upon
the present office—upon the present location of
the office—I cannot determine. This much, how-
ever, I have determined in my own mind to do,
to vote for the proposition of the committee, if
amended according to the motion of the Senator
from Michigan; but I cannot vote for it as offered
by the chairman of the committee.
I can see no reason why, whilethere is a super-
intendent for the North, termed the norther?) su-
perintendency, he should not, in point of fact:,
nave the superintendency of the Indians. It is
his duty to attend to them; it is his duty to study
the best policy, the best system for conducting
the business of the office, and to communicate fre-
quently with the Indian Bureau. It is his busi-
ness to learn, and to practice what he learns, in
regard to them. It cannot be so with the Gov-
ernor. I believe that one of the most efficient
officers of the United States, in the Indian service,
is the individual who now discharges the duties
of the northern superintendency. I believe that
he could take charge, as superintendent, of all the
Indians in the northwest, and discharge the duties
to them more faithfully, and serve their interests
and those of the Government better, than the Gov-
ernor of Minnesota, who has a great amount of
duty resting upon him as Governor, can possibly
do. I say this with some considerableknowledge
of Indian matters in that portion of the country. It
is where my home is. With many of the individ-
uals of these tribes, their chiefs, &c., I am person-
ally acquainted, and I know their great solicitude
to have some one as their superintendent, or agent,
or " local father,'' as they term him, who shall
give his undivided attention to their affairs. I do
not think those affairs can receive that attention
so long as the Governor has to divide his time
and attention between the duties of his office as
Governor and those of superintendent of Indian
affairs.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have great
! doubts about the propriety of adopting an amend-
! ment like that of the Senator from Michigan. H
! contemplates a change in our Indian department
1 —a very radical and sweeping change. Hereto-
j fore it has been the custom that the Governors of
' Territories shall be superintendents of Jrnlian af-
fairs. InOregon, I think such is the case now; and
in Utah, and m New Mexico also. It has usually
been the case in all Territories. I have never heard
any complaints of that mode of conducting Indian
affairs. If our forty or fifty years' experience
has proved that it is not a proper and efficient
mode of conducting them, it would be a good
reason for a change; but I do think that it is a
change of that sweeping character that ought to
be well matured by th^Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and brought forward in an Indian bill by those
who have directed their attention to the subject*
and not sprung upon us suddenly by way of an
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill.
I think it ought also to 5e general. I know of
no reason why this change should .take place in
Minnesota, that would not apply to the other Ter-
ritories; and, sir, if we are to make a general
change, I certainly am not prepared to act upon
it until I can hear from those who understand
the question better. I am not aware that there i3
any reason applying to Minnesota that does not
apply elsewhere. I do not understand, there-
fore, on what ground it is brought in at this time
and place, and not applied to the other Territo-
ries.
But, again, if we should conclude to dispense
with the services of the Governors of Territories,
as superintendents of Indian affairs, another ques-
tion very properly a>ises. The salaries of the
Governors then would necessarily have to be
raised. The form of the territorial laws now is,
that the Governor receives $1,500 or $1,000 a
year as Governor, and $1,500 or $1,000 as super-
intendent. The effect of the amendment to the
amendment would be, to leave the Governor with
a salary that is not sufficient to defray his ex-
penses at all. The same act that provides for
releasing him from his Indian duties, and thereby
takes away one half of his salary, certainly ought
to provide for an adequate salary for him in his
! opacity as Governor.
j Inasmuch, therefore, as it involves other mat-
| ters that require consideration, that of what tha
i proper salary of the Governor should be when
j released from these duties, and as it should apply-
! to other Territories and involve a general rule, I
j think the Committee on Indian Affairs ought t$
• take charge of it, and bring forward a new sys-
I tem. If they think the present system ought to,
| be changed^ I should pertainly defei^to their
