1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
to accommodate tfae circuit and district courts of
the United States and the post offices..
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 beg to assare the honor-
able Senator from Indiana that there are now no
places in which to hold the United States courts
in Philadelphia. In the large cities of Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia suitable sites for
post offices cannot be obtained from private indi-
viduals. „
Mr. BRIGHT. It is so all over the West.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that the motion of
the Senator from Indiana will not prevail. Simi-
lar bills have" already passed the Senate. They
have now been included in one by the House.
The bill authorizes the President of the United
States to procure, by purchase, or otherwise, suit-
able sites in Boston,New York, and Philadelphia,
for court-houses and post offices. It is absolutely
necessary, as a measure of economy. It is right,
because we are paying now more in the shape of
interest than it would cost to purchase the build-
ings. We are paying some $10,000, I think, for
the post office in New York, and we cannot get, in
Philadelphia, a suitable site for less than six or
seven thousand dollars.
Mr. MASON.* I desire to ask the Senator a
question entirely for information. Has this mat-
ter, in regard to a site for the court house in the
city of Philadelphia, at any time during the pres-
ent session, been befipre the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know whether
it has been before the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate or not. I introduced a bill which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. In it there was a provision not only
for a place for the courts, but for the post office at
Philadelphia. It passed this body after the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
made a few remarks in regard to it. A similar
bill passed for the city of Boston. It is hardly
right to aay that if these provisions are necessary
in the cities of Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, every little town throughout the country
must have similar provisions. You must have a
court-house for the large cities where the principal
business is done, and also one for the post office;
and if you do not have them, you will be obliged
to pay for them either in the shape of rent, or pur-
chase.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that this will
lead to debate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am willing that it
should be passed by for the present. It is quite
unnecessary to refer it. It is well understood; and
if the Senator from Virginia desires to press for-
waid the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, 1
am willing, by common consent, to let this £0 over,
so that Senatoi s shall have the opportunity to con-
aider it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I agree with much that is said
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. There is an
existing necessity for building court-houses at the
points named, but I have no doubt that the very
same necessity exists m many other points of the
United States, and that fact has been indicated by
bill after bill being presented here, which still
remain among our unfinished business. I have
introduced into the Senate a bill proposing an ap-
propriation to build a similar work at the capital
of the State which I represent. The same neces-
sity exists for buiidingacourt-house at Louisville,
St. Louis, New Orleans, Indianapolis, Detioit,
Baltimore, and various other points that I might
name, ail over the United States.
I have no objection to this bill, provided it
comes in the right .shape. My object in moving
theieference is, that the Judiciary Committee may
cause an inquiry and examination into the pro-
priety of purchasing sites at all the points where
the district and circuit courts of the United Stares
are nOw held by authority of law. 1 might say
that in the capital of the State I represent, as the
Senator said of Philadelphia, we have no place in
which to hold the courts of the United States.
The business of our supreme court has increased
to such an extent that they occupy the capitol at
the very time that the United States circuit and
distrioi courts sit; and lately they have been sub-
jected to a great inconvenience to find a place at
which to hold the fitting* I wish to obviate that
difficulty, and I will join the Senator m obviating
it, by referring the matter to the Committee on
the Judiciary, so as to let them make an amend-
ment to cover all the cases.
Mr. BRODHEAD. In regard to the several
places named by the Senator from Indiana, pro-
vision is already made for the sitting of the court
in the custom-house erected there.
Mr. BRIGHT. What places?
Mr. BRODHEAD. St. Louis,Pittsburg, Cin-
cinnati, if lam not mistaken, and, perhaps, Louis-
ville. Be that as it may, proper places can be
obtained in all those places, or nearly all of them,-
for a reasonable rent; but, sir, in these large cities
they cannot be obtained. The courts have re-
cently been turned out of the State House m Phil-
adelphia, in consequence of theconsohdation whch
has taken place, the city councils desiring to use
the rooms occupied by the courts.
The records are now in an unsafe place and con-
dition . 1 believe the grand jury has been obliged
to hold its sessions in some by-house or out-of-the-
way place. We must, therefore, rent a building
for an extravagant sum, or we must authoiize a
purchase. There is nothing conclusive m this
bill. We do not propose to give to the President
of the United States absolute power to bind the
Government; he is to make the purchases and
submit them, if I understand the bill, to the next
Congress, and then the subject will come up.
Mr. BRIGHT. Why not make the same pro-
vision in regard to other points?
Mr. BRODHEAD. These are the great com-
mercial depots on this continent.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be referred,
so as to get rid of this debate. The discussion
can be carried on in the committee better than here.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is not necessary to re-
fer it. I am willing to let it go over a day.
Mr. HUNTER. It is time for us to take up
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. PRATT, i desire to say only one word.
However important Philadelphia and Boston may
be, as commercial points, 1 do not think the rep-
resentatives from the States in which they are sit-
uated will contend that they are more important
than Baltimore. The United States own no court-
house in the city of Baltimore. I think it equally
important that one should be provided for them
as for Boston and Philadelphia. I do not doubt
the importance of having one in Philadelphia and
Boston.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I ask my friend,
why complicate this bill? Why not bring for-
ward a separate measure, as I have done with this ?
Mr. PRATT. I understand the object of the
bill is not to make a purchase, but to make an in-
quiry. Then, why not have included in it the
same inquiry m reference to Baltimore? I do not
think an amendment to that effect would prevent
its passage here.
Mr. COOPER. I hope the reference will not
be made. 1 would prefer that the bill should go
over a day, and then dispose of it one way or the
other. It is certainly very important that some
action should be had on this subject. We ought
to know whether the Government is disposed to
provide a place for holding the courts in Philadel
phia, and a site for the post office. If they do
not do so, they must resort to the expedient of
renting a place for holding the courts until a suit-
able building is erected. The courts are now
literally in the street; for since the consolidation
of the city and exterior districts, the property of
the city has been taken possession of by the coun-
cils, and the rooms which were used by the courts
are now used as legislative chambers by the two
branches of the councils. The courts have no
place to sit in; they are now occupying sometimes
one room and sometimes another, as exigency re-
quires, The judges are very anxious that they
should know speedily what is to be done, so
that they may rent suitable buildings, if the Gov-
ernment does not undertake to purchase or erect
them.
Mr. HUNTER. What possible objection can
there be to referring the bill? I hope it will be
referred and disposed of
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senators from
Indiana and Virginia will consent to let it be post-
poned, and not referred. There is no necessity
for the reference. We understand the bill.
Mr. BRIGMT. The motion to refer was made
from no hostile feeling on my part, but simply to
perfect the bill, and make it just towards all the
States.
The motion to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary was agreed to.
CHARLES LEE JONES.
Mr. DAWSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Charles Lee Jones, have directed me to
report it back, and ask for its immediate consider-
ation.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It proposes to pay a sum not exceeding §2,000
to Charles Lee Jones in lull tor his expenses and
services in raising, subsisting, and transporting
three companies of volunteers in the District of
Columbia to serve in the war against Mexico.
The bill was reported to the" Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time,and passed.
COMMITTEE VACANCY.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, Thai the vacancy created by the resignation of
the lion. Edward Everett in the committee on the atmos-
pheric telegraph, be filled by the Chair.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS BILL.
Mr. CHASE asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution directing the piinting of ceitain pro-
ceedings and votes; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
DEATII OF GENERAL TOWSON.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to give notice to
the Senate, that at three o'clock to-day 1 shall
move that the Senate adjourn. I wish to say that
my motive in doing so is to enable the several
members of the Senate to attend the funeral of
the late Major General Towson, whose uncom-
mon gallantry during the last war won for him
such rare distinction, and whose long, and valua-
ble, and faithful public service since have con-
firmed and increased the reputation which he then
acquired. I give this notice that the business of
the Senate may be formed accordingly.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay, widow of the late
Colonel ./Eneas Mackay, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to that. I want to
look into the bill. I now move that the prior
orders be postponed, for the purpose of taking qp
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1855.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,""(Mr. Badger.)
The Chair, with the consent of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, will report the bill to
the Senate without acting on the amendments re-
ported from the committee, and let them be acted
upon in the Senate
Mr. HUNTER. That certainly will expedite
the business, if the Senate will agree to do so.
The amendments can be made in the Senate as
well as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. It is of no consequence. We
can offer them as well in the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill then
will be reported to the Senate. The Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, have had under con-
sideration a bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, and have
made no amendments thereto. It is still open to
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that the most ex-
peditious, and the safest way for us to proceed,
will be to read the amendments, and, if any Sen-
ator objects to any one, he can reserve that.
Those to which no objection is taken can be voted
upon in the gross. I will suggest, in regard to the
amendments, that the committee have reported a
great many. Sometimes the Department have
corrected their estimate; sometimes we had to cor-
rect them. Some were incorrect in the first in-
stance. I send to the Chair the modifications
which we make in them, which I ask to have read,
with the amendments that we propose.
