THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, p. C. :
33d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1854.
New Series.....No. 63.
rendered much more efllcientand useful in the per-
formance of his duties. If the President should
come to the conclusion that such was the case, it
would be well to permit him to change the location
with reference to placing him nearer the theater
of his action, or the scene of his duties. So it
would be with the other agencies.
But, sir, when you come to the question of sep-
arating the duties of superintendent in the Territo-
ries from the office of Governor, it is a question of
vast importance, requiring mature consideration.
I am, by no #eans, certain but that the Governor
of a Territory possesses a power over the Indians,
that no other man would possess. The very fact
that he is Governor, the very title of his office, the
very fact that he is commander-in-chief of the mi-
liiiaof the Territory, the very fact that he has the
executive power and author'ty in his hands, the
right to call out the militia, the right to exercise
military power, makes him the proper man to en-
force your Indian laws, in the event they are re-
sisted by the Indians. If you have a mere super-
intendent there,he is a rffen with naked authority,
without the power to enforce his commands. Are
you going to have your superintendent with au-
thority to call upon and command the Governor ?
Suppose the superintendent finds that his orders
are resisted, and that he cannot execute them;
who, then is to call out the militia, or the military
authority for that purpose? Is it the superintend-
ent himself? If so, you make him commander-
in-chief over your Governor. It will produce a
collision of authority; and I think that it requires
deliberation before you throw all this confusion
into the government of the different Territories of
the Union. I wish to see the necessity for this
change. I should like to hear the experience of
the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dodge,] who has been the Governor of Terri-
tories. I should like to hear the experience of the
distinguished Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,]
who has lived nearly all his life in Territories; or
of the other Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
who has represented Territories nearly his whole
life here. I should like to have those gentlemen,
who are familiar with the territorial organization,
with the duties of the superintendent of Indian
affairs, with the authority of the Governor, and
who have had experience upon the subject, confer
with the Committee on Indian Affairs, and pre-
pare such a general bill as would do justice to the
subject.
I did not desire, Mr. President, to interfere
with this question; but my position as chairman
of theCommittee on Territories, makes it my duty
to call the attention of the Senate to the subject,
to show that by pursuing the course proposed by
the Senator from Michigan, you will be produc-
ing confusion in the whole territorial organization,
which ought not to be done except upon mature
deliberation.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall confine our-
selves to the amendment of the Committee on
Indian A (fairs, and not be introducing other topics,
whieh, it is evident, will lead to debate in regard
to the general policy which should prevail in the
government of the Indians. I think it would be
better to reserve those questions for some separate
bill. The provision moved by the Committee on
Indian Affairs,in regard to changing the locations
of the superintendeneies, is a matter of necessity,
and I trust that the other matter will not be pressed
upon us now.
Mr. WALKER. There is one point in the
remarks of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] to which I wish to make a very brief reply.
He suggested one reason against the amendment
of the Senator from Michigan; and I think in that
reason there was more force involved than in any
other which he gave. He says he thinks that it
is peculiarly appropriate that the Governor of a
Territory should be superintendent of Indian
affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I say such has been the
practice; and I do not see what reason there is for
a change in the practice, which has existed for
sixty years. But I say if the Committee on In-
63
dian Affairs can satisfy rae that there is a neces-
sity for a change, after mature consideration, I
should be likely to bow with deference to the opin-
ion of that committee.
Mr. WALKER. The propriety of the Gov-
ernor of a Territory being at the same time super-
intendent of Indian affairs, was certainly enforced
by the Senator from Illinois, and he gave a reason
for it; and to that reason I wish to reply. His
reason was, that the Governor had influence over
the Indians because he held the title and official
position of Governor, and because he was, besides,
commander-in-chief of the territorial militia, and
had power to call them out. Did not that Senator
reflect, thatwhen the Governor calls outthe militia,
he does so as Governor, and not as superintend-
fent of Indian affairs? The superintendent is not
appointed to fight the Indians, but to protect their
interests, to care for them, and to look after their
welfare. Then, if the Indians are under the super-
intendencyof a separate superintendent of Indian
affairs, what will be the result? If violence ensues
between them and the whites, the Governor does
just what he would do if he were also superin-
tendent of Indian affairs: he calls out the militia
then. For what purpose? To protect the inter-
ests of the Indians' To take care of them ? No,
sir! But to whip them, and to protect the whites.
That is just wliathe would do, if the Indians were
under the superintendency of a person separate
from the Governor. He would call out the militia
to fight them, and put down the insurrection.
That is his duty, as Governor, and not as super-
intendent; and Ins being superintendent disquali-
fies him, to a great extent, from doing so; for the
very insurrection may arise from his own fault,
and after he has committed the fault, and brought
the Indians to arms, he turns round and calls out
the mihtiato fightthem, and put them down. Sir,
there should be a disinterested person to judge of
that matter, and he should be the superintendent
of Indian affairs, and not the Governor. It is
not for the superintendent to set up a rule of ac-
tion for the whites, but for the Indians; and the
Governor's duty is to set up a rule of action for the
whites. It is not his duty, and it is never imposed
upon him, as superintendent of Indian affairs,
to call out the militia to fight the Indians. When
he does so, and appeals to arms, he does it as the
enemy of the Indians, as Governor, and not in
discharge of his duties as superintendent.
I think that when the idea advanced by the
Senator from Illinois is properly understood, it
will be an argument for the propriety of separa-
ting the offices of Governor and superintendent.
ยฃ hope and trust that it will be done ill this in-
stance, and that the proposition of the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs will not be
adopted. For one, I do not wish to see it adopted,
unless the proposition offered by the Senator from
Michigan be also adopted. If the two can go to-
gether, I will vote for them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be that ali the diffi-
culties which the Senator from Wisconsin por-
trays may exist in case we do not change the law;
but, sir, inasmuch as the system which he pro-
poses to change, and which he thinks will be so
dreadful and so unjust in its operation, has been
in existence as long as this Government has been
in being; and inasmuch as you have had from
three to six Territories during that whole period;
and inasmuch as no such collision, or injustice, or
violence has occurred, I can hardly see that there
is any great reason for the alarm expressed that it
is about to occur at this instant. In arguing
against this change before, what I said was, that
as we have had the system for half a century, and
there has been no pretense that any one of these
evils has occurred, no pretense that any one of
these aets of violence or of injustice has been
committed, I wanted to know what ground there
was for the change. I do not say that it ought not
to he made, but ! say that fifty years' experience
is long enough to enable gentlemen to point out
I the evils if they eyist; and I say further, that that
' long acquiescence, and the absence of any com-
plaints, and the absence of any of wrongs and
injuries which are feared, should restrain us from
acting; at least until the appropriate committee
of this body can consider the subject, and give us
their sanction for our action. That is all that I
was urging. It may be right to make the change,
but I do not see that, as yet, any good reasons
have been advanced which require us to make a
departure from the old policy.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I infer from
the introduction of this measure here, that the ap-
plication has been made to the President to make
the very change which is proposed by the present
amendment. The law gives the President the
power to make that change; and I infer, therefore,
that it has not been accomplished, because the
Executive is not convinced that it ought to be
done. Now, sir, I am not willing, unless good
ground be presented here for it, to take an appeal
from the Executive to this Chamber, or to Con-
gress, in a matter in regard to which he must be
better informed (it being a part of his executive
duty) than the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment.
If 1 understand the matter, these two offices
are united in every Territory, except in Oregon,
by the existing law; but in regard to Minnesota,
power is conferred upon the President to make
the separation, and he has not chosen to make
any such change. TheCommittee on Indian Af-
fairs of this body has not reported in favor of any
such change, nor has any member of that com-
mittee, if 1 understand the matter aright, except
the Senator from Wisconsin, favored it. But
here is a proposition brought in against the action
of that committee, or without its action, and
against or without the action of the President,
proposing to make an exception in regard to the
Territory of Minnesota. It may be rjght; I am
not prepared to say that it is not right; but it is
contrary to the practice of the Government hith-
erto, if I am correctly informed, except in the
case of Oregon, and I can readily conceive why
that should be an exception. If a proper measure
were presented to us, upon general grounds, I
would have a law which would apply to all Terri-
tories; at all events, I should not be willing to
make the change unless it came from the commit-
tee, or in some way received its sanction.
Mr. WALKER. I simply wish to answer aa
to the inference drawn by the Senator from Con-
necticut. He says he infers that application has
been made to the President to do just wha,t it is
proposed to do by this amendment. I wish to
assure him, and the Senate, that if any such ap-
plication has been made to the President, I am
entirely ignorant of it. I do not think such an
application has been made. If it had been made,
however, 1 have no doubt the President gave this
answer: " If I separate the duties of superintend-
ent of Indian affairs from those of Governor, I
shall reduce the Governor's salary ยง1,000, leaving
him only ยง1,500 a year. That would be inade-
quate; and therefore I decline to separate the two
offices." That, probably, would be his answer,
if he were asked to make the change; and I think
he would be correct in it. He would be correct in
it if he looked only to the interests of the office-
holder, and not to those of the Indians, If he
looked to the interests of the Governor of Min-
nesota, he would see, that by making the change,
he was reducing the salary of the Governor so
much, without having any power to make com-
pensation for the reduction. No*v, what is pro-
posed by the Senator from Michigan is, to sepa-
rate the duties of the two offices, and, when the
proper bill comes up, to increase the salary of the
Governor, so as to do him justice. Then it is
only to do, on the part of Congress, what the
President probably could not do in justice to the
Governor of Minnesota. There has been, to my
knowledge, no application made to the President
for this change.
Mr. TOUCEY. I did not mean to say that
there had been any such application. I merely
drew the inference in my own mind, frotn the fact
that the power was lodged in the President, and
that upon that subject he was much better m-
