994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
formed than individual members of the Senate,
and I confided in his action, and especially when
that action is sustained by the appropriate com-
mittee of this body.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The debate upon this
amendment of the committee, and upon the amend-
ment proposed to it by the Senator from Michi-
gan, has assumed so wide a range, and involved
the discussion of so many collateral questions and
considerations, that I beg the attention of the Sen-
ate for a short time, merely to enable me to state
the very simple question which is presented by
the amendment of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. That amendmentproposes simply to allow
the locations of the present superintendencies
of Indian affairs, wherever they may be, to be
changed according to the discretion of the Presi-
dent, which is, of course, the discretion of the In-
dian Department, in order to accommodate our
Indian system to the shifting and changing geo-
graphical position of the Indians. It is a mat-
ter of evident necessity, the propriety of which, 1^
presume, no Senator will question.
The Senator from Michigan proposes to go fur-
ther, and to separate the office of superintendent of
Indian affairs from that of Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. So far as the Committee on
Indian Affairs have had that subject under consid-
eration, and they gave but very slight consideia-
tion to it, indeed, they could not agree to recom-
mend it. It did not meet thesanction of the judg-
ment of the committee. The opposite policy has
been pursued so long, and has, with some few
exceptions, woiked so well, that we are not pre-
pared to recommend a separation of the duties of
the two offices in this case. The offices of super-
intendent of Indian affairs and Executive of the
Territory are now united in the Territories of
New Mexico, Utah, Washington, and Minne-
sota; we were therefore not prepared to sanction
the amendment which haw been moved by the
Senator fiom Michigan. lie seeks to do bylaw
that which existing laws authorize to be accom-
plished by a simple order of the Executive.
Now, sir, in order to meet the only argument
which, as it seems to me, theSenator from Mich-
igan has brought forward against leaving this dis-
cretion with the President—that is, that he would
not like to exercise it because by so doing he would
decrease the Governor's salary—I intend, if the
Senate decline to adopt the amendment of the
Senator fiom Michigan, which I hope they will
do, to offer this proviso to the amendment of the
committee:
Provided, That whenever the Pi evident may oider the
transfer ot the duties of superintendent of Indian sill air-,
fiom Mm Governor of theTei ritoiv of Minnesota, the s.ibirv
of MU'ii Governor shall thereafter he dollais per an-
num.
By putting in such a provision as this, we shall
remove all the difficulty and all the objection
arising out of the sudden deciease of the salary of
that officer, and leave the question of the separa-
tion of the duties of the two offices to be determ-
ined as now provided for by law—that is, by the
President of the United States. I presume that
being a mere matter of administrative detail, that
it is much better it should be left to the discretion
of the President, who is supposed to be better
aware of the exigencies of the Indian service than
we are, and allow him to accomplish,by a simple
order, that which, if we regu'ate it, must be done
by a fixed, imperative, and compulsory law.
Mi. STUART. It has become a matter of
very little consequence with me whether the Sen-
ate adopt my amendment, as I shall modify it—
because I intend to test the sense of the Senate
upon the etact question, and f shall modify it so
as to increase the salary of the Governor at the
same time—or whethei they adopt the suggestion
now intimated by the Senator from Arkansas.
And, sir, but for some things which have been
said m the debate, I should "have contented my-
self with allowing the question to be taken without
any further remarks; but the movement which i
have made here has been characterized by the
Senator from Illinois, and by the Senator from
Connecticut, as most remarkable. The Senator
from Illinois characterized my amendment as a
niost sweeping one, making a very great change!
in our Indian relations, and said it ought to re- ■
ceive the serious consideration of the Committee !
on Indian AlTnirs, and of the Senate. Thisonly !
goes to show how men may differ. I consider it 1
the simplest question in the world, and reduced to
a nut shell.
Congress, in 1851, provided for a general change
of Indian superintendencies east of the Rocky
Mountains; and the Senator seems to have forgot-
i ten, in his remarks, that the history of the Gov-
| ernment, m respect, to its Indian affairs,is a history
, of fiaud and plunder. The Senator says he can
! see no reason why this change should be made.
I Why, sir, the system itself was subjected in the
hami3 of designing men to theperpetration of such
j frauds upon the Treasury of the United States,
I that it was impossible for human ingenuity to pre-
i vent them; and the statistics will show that this
; Government has been plundered to a greater ex-
j tent through its Indian agencies than from all
i other sources put together. Hence Congress, in
! 1851, being aroused to this question, resolved to
' sweep away all these informal modes of distrib-
■ uting money among the Indians and superintend-
! irig Indian affairs, and provided for three general
! agents, who should be nominated by the President,
! and confirmed by the Senate, paid a liberal salary^
i and held to a rigid accountability for the proper ex-
| ercise of the duties of their office. The Territory
; of Minnesota was excepted out of that general rule
1 for a reason to which I have already alluded, and
! which I wiil not trouble the Senate with repeating.
[The ground of the exception having ceased, the
I exception itself should cease. This, therefore, in
' my judgment, is no sweeping change. Thesweep-
i ing change was made in the second section of the
' law of 1851, which swept away this whole mode.
I It was done then, and done maturely—done with
, deliberation, and done, 1 apprehend, with great
| propriety.
I The reason to which I alluded for the distinc-
i tion west of the Rocky Mountains still prevails.
| There are no general superintendencies there,
j But I have read the letter of the Commissioner of
I Indian Affairs, who is presumed to know more
j about the matter than any other man under this
1 Government, in which he says the change ought
I to be made in all cases; that there is no reason
! for retaining the two offices in one person any-
I where, and that the Government seivice would be
| better without it. That is his view, and it should
be pretty good authoiity.
Then, sir, the Senator suggests, and the Sena-
tor from Virginia, and the Senator fiom Connec-
ticut, have fallen into the same ai^ument, that
j there should be no amendments to appropriation
I bills except they come from the committees. That
i would leave very little for the rest of us to do.
| Mr. HUNTER. 1 beg tlie gentleman's pardon;
| I did not say so.
i Mr. TOUCEY. Nor I.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Nor I; nor any one else, T
1 believe. I neither stated it, nor hinted it, nor said
' anything from which any one could infer it.
j Mr.  S riJART. The rematks will be published 1
I in the Globe; and I venture to say that it will !
S appear from the report, that the argument of the j
; Senator from Illinois against this amendment was, [
j that the subject had not received the attention of I
; the Committee on Indian Affairs, and that the i
| Senate ought not to entertain it, because it had ;
! not been acted upon, and repoited upon by the!
committee. Now, sir, 1 say that that argument j
j will cut off the right of any individual Senator, |
i who does not belong to any particular committee, j
i to oiler an amendment, because if the argument J
' is sound in this instance, it is sound in all in-
; stances. That is the necessary result of the argu-
j ment.
; Now, sir, I think that the Senator from Con nee- !
ticut has introduced an argument which is still i
| more remarkable than that. He says that he in- !
i fers that the President has been called upon to
i mvike the change, and has declined to do it. If ,
i the Senator himself has called upon the President i,
to make that change, and the President has de- j,
clmed, he has a right to draw the inference, be- !
cause then he knows something about it; but f
there is nothing in the proposition which carries J
any such inference. Then he follows this up by
saying that he objects to taking an appeal from j:
the action of the President to the Senate, or to]1
Congress. 1 never dreamed that any such appeal '
was being taken. I had called upon the Commis- !
sioner of Indian Affairs, and I read to the Senate j
the correspondence in which he sanctioned this j,
change. I had called upon the Secretary of the :
Interior, who has charge of the Indian depart- !i
ment, arid he told me that he would not recom-
mend the change, because it took away part of
the Governor's salary, but that, m his judgment,
the change ought to be made. That I had stated
here. It I were President of the United States I
would not make the change, nor would the Senator
from Connecticut do it, and take $1,000 off the
salary of the Governor of Minnesota. Pie could
not infer that Congress would increase the salary.
Hence, I said in the outset that the proviso to the
second section of the act of 1851 was incomplete;
that while it purported to give this power to the
President of the United States, the power was so
incompletely given that he could not exercise it
without injustice. I say, therefore, it is quite im-
material to me whether the amendment which I
have moved, or that now indicated by the chair-
man of the Committee on lndiari Affairs, be
adopted. I have the opinion of the Indian Com-
missioner, and of the Secretary of the Interior,
that the separation ought to be made, and, as I
said before, it is impossible for me to conceive
why the Senate should hesitate in doing what it
is conceded ought to be done, but the objection to
doing which is, that this is not the proper way
and proper place to do it. I should have thought
that the general Indian appropriation bill was the
very place to provide for everything connected
with Indian affairs. ^
I will modify my amendment by adding to it a
proviso, that the salary of the Governor of Min-
nesota shall remain at ^2,500, which is his present
salary as Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs. I can see no reason myself—I do not say
whatreasonothergentlemen can see—whya meas-
ure which is recommended by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and sanctioned by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, (and which I have, therefore, a.
right to infer would be sanctioned by the President
of the United States, because he is in the habit, I
apprehend, of sanctioning the action of the officers
who have charge of these questions,) should not
be earned out by Congress. Why should it not
be done? What has been urged against it?
Nothing, except what I conceive to be—1 say it,
certainly, with great respect—a very remarkable
argument, charging me with asserting a right
which does not belong to anybody but a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and with the
intention of appealing fiom the Piesident of the
United States to the Senate, and, therefore, invok-
ing the power of the friends of the President to
vote down my amendment. Why, sir, I do not
know anything about that course of action, I
have offered this amendment because I deem it
very important. I had some little knowledge of
what occuired under Governor Ramsay. I looked
a httie into those transactions, and although I be-
lieve he was acquitted of the charges brought
against him, I also believe he impugned the law,
and I believe, just as long as the Governor of a
Teiritory holds the patronage of Governor and
the money of the Indians, there is too strong a
temptation for most men, and we shall find that
the difficulties will continue to occur. It is for
that reason that I offered and urged the amend-
ment; but I say again, that I care not how the
object is effected. I would as lief turn the respon-
sibility over to the President, if the Senate are
afraid of it, as to take the responsibility here.
Kor myself, however, I prefer to do whatever m
my judgment ou^ht to be done, and to do it my-
self. 1 prefer, aa a member of Congress, to take
the responsibility, so far as my vote and action
go, to change this law, rather than turn the ques-
tion over to the President, and say to him, " Sir,
you must take the responsibility, because a former
Congress confened it upon you imperfectly." I
propose to relieve the President of it, and to place
the responsibility where it belongs, and that is on
the Congress of the United States.
Now, in conclusion, (and I hope this is all I
shall be called upon to say on the subject,) let me
say, that I picdicate my action upon the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
asked of him for that purpose, upon the opinion
informally obtained of the Secretary of the In-
terior; and I infer, from the fact that these two
officers are combined upon the question, that the
President would be of the same opinion, if called
upon, in respect to this change.
Mr. DOUGLAS. TheSenator is entirelymis-
taken in supposing that he predicates his amend-
ment on the recommendation of the Commissioner
