18&
WE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
bad been a conference between the Secretaries of
the Interior, War, and the Navy, whether they
should apply to have a grade of assistant Secre-
taries created similar to those in the State and
Treasury Departments. I understood from him
that if they came to any determination in relation
to it, they would address a letter to the Committee
on Finance on the subject. We have received
nothmgjfrom them in relation to the matter; and 1
supposed the whole thing was laid by for recom-
mendation at a subsequent period.
Now, Sir, it would not do, probably, to create
this office in the Department of the Interior with-
out going further, because there have been recom-
mendations in other Departments. There have
been recommendations for an increase of the
salaries of the first clerk in the War Department.
If he is to be considered as an assistant secretary,
the salary recommended is not too large; but if he
be considered as a clerk, it is too great. 1 under-
stood the different Secretaries were considering
whether they would recommend the creation of
this grade of office. Until that is done, 1 shall be
unwilling to take the Department of the Interior
alone. I hope the Senator will not press that
amendment. It can come in as aseparateand in-
dependent amendment hereafter, when we have
disposed of the amendments.of the committee.
By withholding it until that time, he will have an
opportunity to inquire whether there is any gen-
eral plan on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am aware that there has
been some misunderstanding in relation to this
matter. The intention of the Secretary was to
address the committee of the honorable Senator
from Virginia on the subject; but I have had com-
municated to me a very strong recommendation,
which has been addressed to another committee
perhaps by mistake. I will not press the amend-
ment at this time under the circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. It can be offered as a separate
amendment when we are through with the amend-
ments of the committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments of the committee.
The next was to strike out the appropriation of
$8,000 for paper and printing for the Interior De-
partment.
The next was to insert, as the first item under
the heading, "for the general purposesof the De-
partment of the Interior," the following:
'< For additional for disbursing clerks tind superintendents
ol' Executive buildings, provided in tin! third section ol'ibe
acl of Ihf 3d of March, 1853, entitled £ An act making ap-
propriations for tlie civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,' for
the I>epiutineiiX ol (lit: Interior, ,$'600,
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the compensation of four watchmen for the east-
ern wing of the Patent Office, occupied by the Sec- ;
retary of the Interior, from $2,000 to §2,400.
Mr. COOPER. I wish now to call the atten- ;
tiori of the Senator from Virginia to the clause ;
making provision for the compensation of the ;
Fourth Auditor, and the clerks and messengers
in his Department. 1 did not advert to it at the
lime it was read by the Secretary; but I find the '
amount appropriated by the bill, as it came from
the House, for that office, was $25,200. I have
a letter from the Fourth Auditor, Mr. Dayton,
from which 1 perceive that he has recommended a
larger appiopriation than that, in order to provide
for the salaries, as arranged by the bill lately
passed. I wish to inquire whether provision is
made in this case for the payment of the increased
salaries of the clerks?
Mr. HUNTER. It is made. That is the cause
of these numerous amendments. We had to
change the appropriations as made by the House,
which were founded on the old grade of salaries.
We made the changes so as to give the cleilcs the
increased salaries allowed by the law passed in
May last.
Mr. COOPER. That is satisfactory.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments of the committee.
The next was to insert before the appropriations
" for Surveyors General and their clerks" the fol-
lowing:
For the preservation of the collections of the Exploring
Expedition.
For compensation of keepers, watchmen, and laborers,
$2,980.
For contingent expenses, $100,
Mr. PRATT. If I understand that amend-
ment the expenditure proposed by it is an annual
one fof- the preservation of the collections of the
Exploring Expedition.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maryland
over the way [Mr. Pearce] can explain this
matter.
Mr. PEARCE. These collections have been,
from the time they were received in this country
down to the present period, under the charge of
the Library Committee, who are very anxious to
get rid of that responsibility. But there are other
reasons why they should be transferred to the
Commissioner of Patents. They are in the Patent
Office building, they are under his eye. He is the
proper officer to take care of them. He takes care
of other things which are connected with them.
The sum appropriated, I will remark, is rather
more perhaps than has been heretofore expended
by the Library Committee for that purpose; for
the reason that it will be necessary to erect addi-
tional buildings, and necessary to have an addi-
tional watchman, as there is now nothing to pre-
vent burglars from getting into so much of the
building as is now going on. I believe that all the
allowances are economical; and I am very sure
they are below those made in other Departments
of the Government. If we do not appropriate this
money here, we shall have to appropriate ihe same
sum of money to be expended under the care of
the Library Committee. That is the only differ-
ence. That committee is not the proper body to
take charge of the matter. They are not an ex-
ecutive body properly.
Mr. PRATT. 1 called attention to the matter,
because it struck me as being rather singular that
there should be an annual appropriation of about
$3,000, for the purpose of preserving the curios-
ities collected by the Exploring Expedition. I do
not know whether they are worth to the Govern-
ment this annual expense. I only desired the ex-
planation, as it struck my mind as cuiious.
Mr. PEARCE. As long as wckeep them, we
must take care of them, and we cannot take care
of them with less expenditure. These are very
interesting objects. There are one hundred and
twenty thousand people who visit that building an-
nually, and it seems to me that this is a very small
expenditure to afford so much gratification to our
people.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments.
The next was to increase the appiopriation for
the compensation of the Superintendent of the
Public Piinting,and the clerks and messenger in
his office, from $6,595, to $9,595.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of the Secretary of War, and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his
office, from $20,750 to $22,650.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the compensation of clerks and messengers in the
office of the Adjutant General from $11,600 to
$14,750.
Mr. SL1DELL. I desire to inquire, notmerely
in reference to this amendment, but to others of a
similar character, which appear to be an increase
of these appropriations, whether the amendments
are proposed merely to carry out the provisions
\ of existing laws, or whether they are an increase
i of salary to that extent ?
! Mr. HUNTER. These amendments are only
| carrying out the law. They are necessary to
; make the appropriation for the increase of salaries
as provided by the bill introduced by the Senator
fiom Mississippi, [Mr, Adams,] which become the
■ law. In order to provide for that increase of sal-
ary, we have had to report in favor of the change
! of these appropriations.
i The next was to increase the appropiiation for
the compensation of clerks and messenger in the
'■ office of the Quartermaster General from $14,000
i to $16,350.
I The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Pay-
master General from $10,900 to §12,350.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Com-
missary General of Subsistence from $8,000 to
$9,350.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Chief
Engineer from $7,400 to $8,150.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Sur-
geon General from $4,400 to $5,150.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Col-
onel of topographical Engineers from $5,600 to
$9,950.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the clerks and messenger in the office of the Col-
onel of Ordnance from $10,400 to $12,150.
The next was to strike out the appropriation of
$2,400 for printing and paper for the War Depart-
ment.
The next was to insert, as the first item under
the head " for the several purposes of the North-
west Executive Building," the following:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent of
Executive Building, provided in third section of the act of
the 3d of March 1853, entitled 44 An act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,for the War
Depaitment, $200
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the compensation of four watchmen of the North-
west Executive Building, from $2,000 to §2,400.
Mr. BELL. I will ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia whether that sum of $2,400 includes the in-
creased compensation which would be required to
place those watchmen on an equal footing with
the 'watchmen and messengers provided for by
former acts of Congress whpn these were omitted?
Mr. HUNTER. My impression is that this
does put them on an equal footing. There was
an addition made which was due to them on ac-
count of the bill of the Senator from Mississippi,
as 1 said before. Four hundred dollars are added
here to the item as it came from the House on ac-
count of that bill, to the benefits of which they
are entitled. I cannot say positively that all the
watchmen in the Executive buildings receive the
same sum. I am inclined to think that they do
now; but 1 shall be able to inform the Senator be-
fore the bill is disposed of.
The next was so to amend the following pro-
vision:
For rent of house on noithwcst corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all the rooms in it, $21,875.
For compensation of superintendent and four watch-
men of the building comer of F and Seventeenth streets,
$2,250.
—as to make it read:
For rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, or such other building as the Secretary of
War may select, and warming all the rooms in it, $32,375 ;
and the Secreiaiy of War is hereby authorized to lease said
building, or some other, lor a term not exceeding five ycais,
at the lent herein authorized, if in his judgment the same
shall be for the public interest.
For compensation of four watchmen of the building on
the corner ot F and Seventeenth streets, $2,600.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
compensation of the Secretory of the Navy, and
the clerks, messengers, and assistant messengers
in his office, from §27,100 to $28,700.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
; the salaries of the Chief of the Bureau of Ord-
nance and Hydrography, and the clerks and mes-
senger in his office, from $10,000 to $11,650.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the salary of the Chief of the Bureau of Navy-
Yards and Docks, and of the civil engineer, clerks,
and messenger m his office, from §13,700 to
#14,850.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
ilte compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and of the
chief naval constructor, engineering chief, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, from £20,800 to
$22,550.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
clerks and messenger m the Bureau of Provisions
and Clothing from $7,300 to $8,150.
The next was to increase the appropriation for
the compensation of the Chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks and mes-
senger m his office, from $7,900 to $8,350.
The next was to strike out " for printing and
paper for the Navy Department, $2,000.'*
The next was to insert among the appropria-
tions, "for the general purposesof the Southwest
Executive Building," the following:
For additional for disbursing clerk and superintendent of
Executive Building, provided in the third section of the
act of the 3d of March, 1853, entitled 'An act making ap-
piopriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Govemmentfor the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,'for
the Navy Department, $200.
