1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
Mr. HIESTER, I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is only a resolution to in-
quire into the expediency of making; the proposed
changes. I hope the House will allow the reso-
lution to be adopted.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
^ The question was again taken, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER, on leave, introduced a bill
" further to prohibit officers in the Army and Navy
from having an interest in any contractforthe sup-
ply of any articles for any branch of the service
to which such said officers belong;" which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McMDLLIN, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Mileage:
" A bill to change the mode of compensation to
the members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, and the Delegates from Territories."
Mr. LETCHER introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the law
parsed on day of , 1853, in regard to the fees of
mar-iials, district attorneys, and clerks of the Federal
courts, so as to give them inei eased compensation for their
sei vices.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the Compendium
of the Census, ordered to he printed by resolution of the
Hou^e on the 11th day of January instant, be delivered to
the Superintendent of the Census for the use of the Census
Buirau.
The question was put on the resolution, and
there were—ayes 79, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail, and
Lane of Maryland, were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 50.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ORR,, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced the following bill; which was lead a first
and second time by Us title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs:
6< A bill defining the terms upon which treaties
shall hereafter be made with certain Indian tribes,
and for other purposes." I
Mr. MoQJJEKN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary:
" A bill for the more effectual prosecution of land
claims belonging to the United States."
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be, and lie i* heieby re-
queued, if not meotiMstent with the public mteicsts, to
eommunieate to the FIoii«p of Representative* any corre-
spondence which may have taken place between out Gov-
ernment and tne Govei nment of Holland, m reference to
the icfu-nl of the Dutch nuthojiticsin the East Indies to re-
ceive oi lecognize American Consuls.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
that the resolution be again read ?
The resolution was read a second time.
?Jr. BOYCE. I wish to state, in one word, on
what that resolution was founded.
The SPEAKER. It can hardly bedone, unless
by unanimous consent of the House. Otherwise
it must go over.
There was no objection.
Mr BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is
predicated upon the report of Mr. Bnlestier, a
special nsrpntof our Government to Eastern Asia.
He says", in his dispatches to the Secretary of
State, "that no Consuls or American agents of
the United States are received or recognized m the
Netherlands East India possessions, thereby caus-
ing great inconvenience to American merchants,
ship masters, and aggrieved or distressed sailors;
that shipwrecked property, in lieu of being, taken
possessti-n and disposed of by regularly appointed
fluents of the United States, is taken by Dutch of-
ficers, usually unacquainted with commercial busi-
ness."
There is no portion of the globe more inviting
to our commerce, than these islands of the East,
nominally under the sway of Holland. There gold
may be had for the gathering. This Chinese
policy of the Dutch authorities operates as a prac-
tical exclusion of our commerce. I wish to know
whit our Government has done to vindicate our
rights ?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am not opposed
to the resolution; but I move its reference to the
Committeeon Foreign Affairs ,that they may have
consultations at the State Department.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 have no objection to that dis-
position of it.
The resolution was so referred.
Mr. DENT. I offer the following resolution:
Whereas, the United States court for the northern dis-
trict of Georgia sits at the town of Marietta, in the county
of Cobb, holding jts sessions in the court-house, erected by
levying an exnaoidinaiy tax on the citizens of the town and
county : Therefore
Resolved., That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of the United States
payiup to the justices of the inferior courts, of said county
and State such sums as maybe deemed just and equitable,
and to pay a proper remuneration to the ioeal authorities oi
said county, tor the u*>e of said court-house in tutine; and
that said Committee report by bill or otheiwise.
The resolution was considered, and adopted.
Mr. DENT, in accordance with previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads:
" A bill to establish a mail route from Greenville, j
by Woodbury and Magdalena, to Pleasant Hill, \
in Georgia." j
Mr. DENT, in accordance with previous no- !
tice. also introduced the following bill; which was i
read a first and second time by its title, and re- j
ferred, with the documents on file in the House, j
to the Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions: ;
" A bill for the relief of Hannah Scroggins." j
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, in pursuance of!
previous notice, intioduced the following bills; j
which were respectively read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee j
on Public Lands: I
" A bill to donatea portion of the public domain
to the Northeastern and' Southwestern railroad, in |
Alabama." |
" A bill granting the right of way, and donating j
a portion of the public domain, to the Gamsville j
and Mississippi Railroad Company." j
Mr. HOUSTON introduced the following res-
olutions; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That tiie Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a right
of way, and alternate secuon^of public land, to the State ot ,
Alabama, to aid in the construction of the Alabama and 1
Tennessee Ontral railroad; and, also, to the Florence and
Nashville railroad.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
fuimtdi the Hou*e of RepreM-nt\itjve> with such plans and
estimates as may be in hi< Department, for the removal of
obstruction-? of Colbett's Shoals, in the Tennessee river.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced the following bill;
which was read a fir&t and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary:
"A bill to repeal an act entitled 'An act concern-
ing tonnage duties on Spanish vessels.5 "
Mr. COBB introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committeeon the Po~t Office and Po=t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the post otfice laws, so as to authorize the Postmaster
Geiieial to increase the compensation of deputy postmas-
ters where their pav is inadequate for semces rendered,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ABERCROMBIS offered the following
resolution; which was read /'considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
it i-' hercbv, m^tiucted to inqmie into the expediency of
providing 'relief for the class of hountv land claimants in
which the applicant dies between filing bis application
and the granting of the wanant,and report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. BARRY introduced the following bill;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands*
*«A bill to amend an act entitled an act to enable
the State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim
swamp lands m their limits."
Mr. BARRY also introduced the following bill;
' which was read the first and second time by its
, title, and referred to the Committee on Frivate
i Land Claims:
"A bill for the relief of Simon Myers."
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, introduced the
following bill; which was read a first ancf second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
' Foreign Affairs:
"A bill to provide for the safe keeping of the
acts, records, and seal of the United States, and
for other purposes."
Mr. PERKINS offered a resolution; which was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, it any and what, modification of tlie pres-
ent diplomatic and consular system of the United Staiei
seems to be required by the public interest.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
, Mr. PERKINS also offered the following reso*
lution; which was read, and adopted:
Resolved, That the President be requested to commu-
nicate to this House, if compatible with the public interest,
any correspondence not yet published, which may have oc-
ctttrcd between thr State Department and the American
Charge lo AusTtia with reference to persons claiming pro-
tection of the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, introduced the fol-
lowing bill; which was read the first and second
time by its title and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims:
"An act to revive the act approved 3d March,
]S23, and an act approved 26th May, 1824, sup-
plementary thereto, in refeience to the Rio Honda
claims, and to said lands in Louisiana."
Mr. JONES also introduced the following bill;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committeeon Commerce:
"A bill for the establishment of a marine hos-
pital at Shreveport, in Louisiana."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, offered a resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Select Committeeon Rules be, and
they are herebv, instructed to inquire whether the twenty-
fourth rule, as it now stands, does not conflict with the
first amendment of the Constitution of the United States;
and if «o, what modification of said rule is necessary;
and that they also inqm'ie in what mode the time of this
Ilou^e usually devoted to the practical business of the
country may he most equitably distributed among its mem-
bers, so that each Representative may present without de-
lay the business of his constituents; and that they report
thereon to this House ; and also that they inquire into the
expediency of evening sessions for general debate, wh£n
the House may be in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in which ev  ning «e<«sions no vote^hail
be taken, and said committee report upon this subject to
this House.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of changing
the site of the military a<>lum, nparthe eitv of Washington,
from it> present location to the estate of Mount Vernon, or
a pait thereof, if the same can be purchased ata reasonable
price; and that the said committee also inquire and report
to this House the original cost of the present site of said
asylum, the quantity of land contained therein, and the
amount expended in improvements up to this date, and
that they report to this House by bill or otherwise.
: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
| Mr. TAYLOR. Have I the right to move to
1 suspend the rules to enable me to submit the res-
! olution ?
; The SPEAKER. The gentleman may make
j the motion.
I Mr. TAYLOR. For that purpose I move to
suspend the rules.
The question was then taken; and, upon a divi-
sion, 49 rose in the affirmative.
So two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. TAYLOR then, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution;- which was
|i read, considered, and agreedto:
'i Rewired, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
: i struct, d to inquire what chants, if any, are necessary m
:j the amounts now paid   "><= Ministers at the various lor-
'1 ci"n courts where we are now represented, and also wl}jit
' change if any, should be made in couipeiisatiru! nur Con-
' siils ami the amounts mm ]M"i to them, and that said
cuimiilltee report to this Fiouso by bill or olherwise.
Mr. TAYLOR also introduced the following
li resolution; which was read, considered,and agreed
i! to:
ii Resolved. That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
;l instructed to inquire into the expedience of e:uj-4ii<r an
index to !>« made of the Washington papers now on deposit
in the State Department.
Mr. CORWIN offered the following resolution;
