2 6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and expediency of the
Government of the United States recognizing the Govern-
ment ot the Republic of Liberia, in Africa, and that said
committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, proposing to debate
the resolution, it lies over under the rules.
Mr. WADE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thattlie Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire what legislation, if any, is
required to secure the safe, expeditious, and uninterrupted
conveyance of the United States mail on railroads, and that
said committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LINDSLEY introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
erection of custom house and post office building*? at San-
dusky city, Ohio ; also, of closing the breach made by the
waters of Lake Erie across the peninsula which divides the
waters of Sandusky bay and Lake Eric ; also, of the com-
pletion of the public works at the mouth of Huron river;
and also, of the completion of the public works at the
mouth of Vermillion river.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be directed to inquire into tiie expediency of causing to be
published 10,000 copies of Ferdinand Moulton's compilation
of the pension and bounty land laws, for distribution by the
Commissioner of Pensions, and to ascertain the cost per
copy.
Mr. LETCHER proposing to debate the reso-
lution, it lies over under the rules.
Mr. GREY, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced the following bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims:
A bill to provide for the unpaid claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and Con-
tinental lines of the revolutionary army.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, in pursuance of previ-
ous notice, introduced a bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads:
—as follows:
" A bill to empower the Postmaster General to
contract for the transportation of the United States
mail from New Orleans to San Francisco, accord-
ing to time."
Mr. CHURCHWELL also, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:—as follows:
"A bill granting public lands to the several States
of the Union for the establishment of a perma-
nent and efficient system of common schools."
Mr. CHURCHWELL also, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced the following joint
resolution; which was read a first and second time:
Resolved by (he Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerim in Congi assembled, That
the people of this Union have ever viewed with the deepest
concern the renewed intervention or Powers in the affairs
of countries not embraced within theirborders, particulaily
when such intervention had avowedly for its object the re-
pression of generous political sentiment, and thai they will
never permit Mich an occurrence upon this continent
without physical les-istance to it
Resolved, That while the United States of America are
disposed to observe, in a spirit of good faith, international
obligations, they desire a similar observance of such obli-
gations by all of the nation* of the earth, and that they can
never behold with indifference theobliteration of independ-
ent States by a third Power because of the political free-
dom of such State*
Resolved, That the President be, and lie is heieby, re
quested to cause a copy of these resolutions to be commu
raeared to each of the diplomatic agents of foreign nations
residing near tins Government; ami :il«o, copies iheicoj to
be transmitted to our diplomatic agents in foreign countries,
in order that the sentiment and puipose of this Republic
may be neither misconceived nor misunderstood in any
quarter of tile globe.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I move the reference
of that joint resolution to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. HAMILTON. I propose to discuss it.
^The SPEAKER. The resolution is a joint one,
and in the nature of a bill, and the morion now
pending is, that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. H1LLYER. Is it in order to move to lay
the resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. H1LLYER. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not oidered. I
Mr. HILLYER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Church-
well and Hillyer were appointed.
The question w|ts taken; and the tellers reported
48ayes. There not beinga majority of a quorum,
the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question was then put on referring the res-
olution to theCommittee on Foreign Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
revision and rearrangement of the laws of the United
States; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no resolu-
tion to offer, but I ask to withdraw one which I
introduced here on the 32th of December. It
stands second on the Calendar.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee may withdraw his resolu-
tion.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. What is it?
Mr. JONES. It was one which proposed that
the Reporters of the Globe be furnished with sta-
tionery.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to suspend the
rules of the House to allow me to withdraw it.
The resolution will not come up any more; and if
not withdrawn, it will only stand here to be printed
on every Calendar from this time to the end of
the session.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was agreed to.
The resolution was then withdrawn.
Mr. MACE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Rules to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be permitted to
cause to be printed, for the use of the House, such amend
nients as they may propose to the rules.
The question was taken on the resolution, and
it was adopted.
Mr. MACE also, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia:
"A hill to prevent malicious mischief and pro-
tect property in the District of Columbia."
Mr. PARKER introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read by the Clerk:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of the United States
Cpiimis be requested to furnish thi* [louse, at an early day,
with what he may deem the best plan forOongress to ,idopt
to induce the establishment of State Bureaus of Statistics
that may be relied on for all desirable census infoimation,
other than the: decennial enumeration of the people, and oth-
erwise to supply the defects of the system heretofore acted
upon, and at the same tune economize the expenses of the
system.
Mr. DUNHAM. I propose to debate that res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution must go
over under the rules.
The resolution was laid over.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, introduced a bill;
which wan read a first and second time by its :
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on j
the Judiciary: j
"A bill in addition to an act entitled 'An act for 1
the relief of the inhabitants on the reserved town- j
ship in Gibson county, in the State of Indiana,' " j
approved August 11, 1842. j
i Mr. MILLER also introduced the following res- ;
j olution; which was read, considered, and adopted: 1
i Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he, !
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe '
| diency of establishing a national armory at Evansville, on
| the Ohio river. |
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced i
i the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ij ered, and agreed to:
j j Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
!; to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine hos- .
/ pita! at Galena, Illinois. 1
^ Mr. JAM ES C. ALLEN introduced the follow- :
j ins: resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five members of the |
■ Tlome he appointed by the Speaker to examine the modtd .
of an invention (by Samuel Huffman) for taking the yeas ;
and nays in legislative bodies, and that they be instructed I
■ to report upon the expediency of adopting the same m this I
[ body. :
Mr. CHANDLER proposing to debate the res-
olution, it was laid over under the rule,
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri, introduced a bill;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee^
on Public Lands:
i( A bill granting to the State of Missouri the
right of way and a portion of the public lands to
aid the construction of a railroad from St. Louis
to Kansas."
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill; which
was read the first and second time by its title, as
follows, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims:
(< A bill for the relief of George Macgirk."
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, introduced a bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
as follows, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands:
" A bill to relinquish to the State of Missouri,
on certain conditions, two per centum of the net
proceeds of the sales of public lands sold in said
State since the 1st day of January, 1821, and re-
served by the act of Congress of the 6th of Mdrch,
1820."
Mr. WARREN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pay of the Registers of the different land offices.
Mr. GREENWOOD offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land? be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and propriety of com-
pensating the registers and receivers of the general land
districts in the United States, for the location of the public
lands, with <=cnp; and that the said committee report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas, offered the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of dividing the State of Texas
into two judicial districts, and report to this House by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. SMYTH also offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of erecting a light-
house on Sabine Pass, at the month of the Sabine river,
and report to this House accordingly.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I had just
stepped out of the House when the State of Illi-
nois was called. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
extending the pension laws to all tho-*e persons who were
engaged in the war of 1812, or the Indian wars prior thereto,
and to their widows in ease of their decease.
There being no objection,
Mr. W. submitted the above resolution; which
was considered and agreed to.
Mr. HENN, on leave, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the cor-
rection of erroneous locations of military bounty
land warrants by actual settlers on the public
lands in certain cases;" which was read a' first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Ako, a bill to increase the salaries of judges of
the United States courts in the district of Utah;
which was read a first and second time bv its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HENN also submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of dividing the State
of fowa into two judicial districts.
Mr. EASTMAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, requested to inform tin? House what steps lie has
taken to prevent trespasses npon the public lands in the
States of Wi«con*in, Michigan, and theTerntory of Minne-
sota; and whether or not he has appointed an agent or
agents for that purpose, and if ?o, who are appointed, and
the date of their appointment, and under wha' provision of
I aw they weie appointed, and wh.it in^ti uctions he has
given said agents ; and al^o tn communicate to this House
ariv report that such agents have made, in full, and what
salary or compensation is paid to such assents, and how
much money has been received by such agents,from per-
