996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer another
amendment, to insert, before the appropriation
for the Creeks, the following:
Camanches, Kioways, and Af aches, of the Arkansas
mcr.~ For tJic first of ten installments for the purchase of
goods, provisions, and agricultural implements, stipulated
in the sixth articlc of the treaty of the 27th of July, 1853,
§18,000;
For expenses of the transportation of the fir^t of ten in-
stallments of good^j provisions, and agricultural imple-
ments,stipulated in the sixth articleot the treaty ot the27th
of July, 1653. $5,000 ;
Provided, That the goods, provisions, and agricultural
implements which maybe purchased and nansported out of
the moneys hereby appiopriated, shall not be delivered until
the said tribes of Indians shall have assented to the amend-
ments of the Senate of the United States to the said treaty,
on account of which they are procuied.
This amendment is merely intended to carry
out the treaty lately ratified, which has been made
with these Camanches, Kioways, and Apaches;
and is in strict pursuance of the treaty stipulations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert, at
the end of the appropriation for the Creeks, the
following:
For the expenses of running and marking the eastern
boundary hue of the Creek country west ot the Arkansas,
This is in pursuance of an estimate from the De-
partment, and is in fulfillment of the treaty of 1838
with the Creek Indians, by which the United
States assumed the expense of marking: the bound-
ary line between that nation and the Cherokees.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have now some amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs to fulfill the treaties with the Omahas, Ottoes,
and Missourias, lately ratified by the Senate. The
first of these amendments is, to strike out of the
appropriations for the Omahas, this provision:
" For agricultural implements (hiring tin* pleasuru of'thc
president, stipulated in the fouitli article of the treaty of
the lr.ih of July, 1830, $.">00'"—
and to insert in heu of it—
For fulfilling the stipulations contained in the fifth article
of the tieaty ot the UUli of March, 18a I, $U,000.
For purveying and marking the boundary of the reserva-
tion of lan<K stipulated m Hit: tii>l article of the treaty of
the. U>th ot March, ^l/JOO.
The next of this scries of amendments is, to
strike out from the appropriation for the Ottoes
and iVlissourias these words:
"For education, dming the pleasure of the Piexident,
Ptipulated in the fourth .uticlc of the treaty of the JMst of
Septembei, lfJ3, ^Son" —
and to insert, at the end of the appropriations
for the Oitoes and Missouriax, the following:
For fulfilling the stipulation* contained in the tifih article
ot the trcmy of the 15th of Maieli, 1S51, ,<'20,000
Foi purveying and marking the boundaiv ot the reserva-
tion hinds, stipulated in the tiihtaiticle ot the tieaty of the
15111 of March, ltf.Vl, .<800.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 now offer two amend-
ments from the Committee on Indian Affairs, one
of which is to cairy into effect a tieaty lately
ratified by the Senate, which was concluded with
the Rogue River Indians in Oregon; and the other,
a treaty with a band of the Utnpqua tribe of In-
dians of Oregon. They are both in strict pursu-
ance of treaty stipulations. The first of these
amendments is, to insert, after the appropriations
for the (iuapaws, the following:
lioenr River*.—For lint ot sixteen installments in blank-
ets, < loihmg, fanning utensils, and stock*, stipulated in
the third artitlu of the treaty ot' the iOth of September,
lttffl, ,<fc?,.r>0U.
For the purchase of agricultural implement", clothing,
anil such oilier articles as may be deemed conducive to the
comtort and nece««itie- of «at<l fmhuna, and hu the expen-
ses of sin h peinianent improvement-' as may have been
made by claimants to land on the reserves named m the
pocond article of the treaty, stipulated hv the thinl article
of the treaty of the 10th ot September, 1853,:£5,000.
For payment of the property of the white*- de tr< yed in
the late war, stipulated in the third article ol the tieaty of
the 10th of September, 1853, ,^5,000.
For the erection of three dwelling houses for the princi-
pal chiefs of said tribe, stipulated in the fourth article ol the
treaty of the 10th of September, 1853, .$1,500.
J*rovidal, That no payment shall be made to said Rogue
River Indians, or to claimants referied to in the^e pro-
\i-ions, until said tribe shall have assented to the amend-
ments of the Senate of the United States to the ueaty on
account of which these several sums are appropriated.
The second of these amendments is to add , be-
fore the provision for the Utahs, the following:
Utnptjuas—Cow Creek Band.—For first of twenty install-
ments in blankets, clothing, provisions, and stock, stipu-
lated in the third article of the treaty of the 19th of Septem-
ber, 18'3, ,<£550.
For the purchase of blankets, clothing, and goods, stip-
ulated m the tiiAt clause of the thud article of the tieaty of
the 10th of September, 1853, .$'1,000.
For the erection of two dwelling houses, plowing and
fencing field, and purchasing seed, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the 19th of September, 1853, ;§1jO0O.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert, after the appropriation
for incidental expenses of Indian service in Oregon
Territory,
For expenses of insurance and transportation of annui-
ties payable to Indians in the Territory ot Oregon, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the committee is to insert, under the head of
" Texas Indians,"
For the expenses of making the necessary selections and
surveys of hinds to accommodate the Indians residing
within the State of Texas, agreeably to arrangements au- I
thorized by an act of theLegi-latwreof that Htate,allowing
the requisite jurisdiction of the Government of the United,
States for such purpose*, and tor concentrating and sub-
sisting them, and furnishing suitable ntock, eattlc, agricul-
tural implements, seeds, and other necessary articles inci-
dent thereto, $86,430.
Mr. President, the object of this amendment is
to carry out a policy which the Senate has lately
: approved in more than one instance within the
' recollection of the body, for changing the admin-
istration of Indian affairs in our distant Territories
and States. Itpioposes to enable the Indian au-
thorities in Texas to collect the wandering and
numerous tribes of Indians within the territorial
limits of that State, and to teach them the habits
of settled life, and endeavor to induce them to fol-
low agricultural pursuits. That measure is spe-
cifically recommended by the Department,upon the
estimate of a very practical man, the present in-
cumbent of the oilice of Indian agent in that coun-
try, Mr. Neighbors—a man who has an extensive
reputation as one of the best Indian agents on the
western frontier. I have seen the estimates, and
I think they are upon a very moderate scale; and
j I shall be truly gratified if the project sought to be
: curried out can be accomplished within the means
I proposed to be appropriated.
! The difliculty in this matter heretofore has
! been, that the State of Texas, having the sover-
eignty and entire jurisdiction over the whole ter-
ritory, had not ceded it to the United States, so
that we were unable to effect any arrangement
! with the Indians for civilizing them, or taking
1 care of them. She has now, by an act or resolu-
| tion of her Legislature, granted that jurisdiction,
| and given us the right to select lands out of her
I own domain, leaving the Federal Government
only the remaining expense of collecting the In-
j dians upon the reservations which she proposes
i to give us.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know, from
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
! if this sum of 000 is the amount estimated for?
| Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is the precise sum of
I Major Neighbors's estimate.
j Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know whether
the appropriation is to be for purchasing the lands,
or collecting the Indians on them5
Mr. SEBASTIAN. For collecting the Indians,
and furnishing them with agriculturahmplements.
' Texas has granted us the lands.
| Mr. HUNTER. How much?
j Mr. SEBASTIAN. A sufficient quantity for
II the purpose.
|! Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that we can
I do anything better than agree to this; but it seems
i to me to be an innovation upon our old policy.
!: The General Government has no public lands in
\\ Texas; and no jurisdiction there over either lands
II or Indians, so Jar as I know. The jurisdiction of
ji the State of Texas is exclusive. It seems, how-
!| ever, that there have been difficulties between the
Indians and the government of Texas; and, per-
il haps, in order to prevent trouble, and collision,
and war, it maybe better for the United States to
j take upon themselves the charge and care of these
j; Indians. I suppose this is but the commencement
of that system. How much further it will go I
j. do not know. It would be ay well for the Senate
! to consider that question,
i, I am not opposing the amendment, for I am
:j inclined to think that we shall have to adopt some
I; policy like that which it proposes. But it would.
II be as well for the Senate to consider how far they
are disposed to adopt a new policy in regard to
the Indians within the States; and I rose simply
to call the attention of the Senate to that question.
Perhaps, in order to keep the peace, and prevent
collisions between the whites and Indians, it would
be better to adopt some such policy as this in re-
gard to reservations where jurisdiction has been
ceded to us, as has been done in the case of Texas.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, 1 have no sort of
doubt that this will be an economical measure on
the part of the Government, and extremely bene-
ficial to the Indians. The Government has now
a great many posts in the State of Texas, and
they are kept up at a very large expense, for the
purpose of defending the frontier against the dep-
redations of these Indians. The frontier is so long,
and the posts are so far scattered, that they do not
effectually prevent depredations on the part of
these wandenngtribes,theCamanchesand others.
I may here mention that there are other Indians
there belonging to other portions of the United
States who had no right to come there. The game
is giving out, and the only thing they have left to
subsist upon with any certainty, is the horses and
mules they can steal from the citizens of Texas or
from the citizens of Mexico.
During the last summer I was out through this
Indian country, and saw these tribes of Indians.
I found that many of them were in a starving
condition. I met with all the southern bands of
Camanches, and I found them in n starying condi-
tion. They are forced to steal or to starve. The
estimate of Mr. Neighbors, I think, is a very low-
one. We have adopted this policy in regard to
California at a much higher cost. Perhaps that
j was proper, owing to the higher prices of the
' necessary articles there. The women, children,
■ and old men of these Indians informed me that
; they were ready to go to work, and to faim, and
1 they wanted to do so. The agent who has been
: out among them has made the necessary calcula-
tions, and thinks the sum named intheamend-
1 ment will be sufficient to enable him to get the
i necessary stock, provisions, and cattle, and settle
i them down to labor and work for something to
| live upon.
| Mr. BRODHEAD. How many of these In-
i dians are there ?
J Mr. RUSK. That is a diiHcult question to
I answer. I suppose, when I was there last sum-
; mer, there were three thousand of them; but a
! much larger portion of the Camanches were still
i further north. These Indians pass backwards
and forwards, up and down the country. They
have no settled habitation. Those that I saw were
a little over three thousand. Sometimes many of
them go north, following the buffalo and other
game. Sometimes they pass over into Mexico,
and sometimes into New Mexico; and at other
I times a very large number of the northern Ca-
manches are assembled there together.
I regard the sum proposed as little enough. The
a ent who has been there, and who is very familiar
with them, regards it as necessary, and thinks he
can make the experiment for this sum. My opin-
ion is, that this appropriation will do more to pre-
serve peace on the frontier than five times the
amount expended in a military force; and I am
satisfied it will relieve the Indians from great suf-
fering.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come m at the end of the
appropriations for the Sioux of Mississippi:
That the Pi evident be authorized toeonfiim to the Sioux
of Mnme-ota toiever, the reserve on the Minnesota river
now occupied by them, and to embrace the country lying
between the Mttltt Marnga and the St. Peter*.-- rivers, upon
such conditions as be may deem ju^t. And, furtber,that it
be agreed between the United States and the Stoux band
of Indians, that, should it at any tune hereaftn be consid-
ered by the T7ni ted States as a proper policy to establish farms
among them, and for the benefit of said Indian*, it dial) be
discretionary with the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to change the annuities herein
provided for, oi any part thereof, into a fund for that pur-
pose.
The object of this amendment, Mr. President,
is to confirm to the Sioux nation of Indians in
Minnesota, as a permanent home, that reservation
upon which they are now located for a temporary
purpose. It will be remembered, that the Senate
amended the treaty of 1851, so as to take away
from them the reserve for which they had pro-
