1854
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
York has passed a law releasing the property from
taxation.
Mr. PISH. I can relieve the Senator, of all
doubt on that point. The State of New York has
passed such a law, and I have a copy of it here,
if it be desired, I will send it to the Secretary's
desk, and have it read. It exempts the buildings,
ground, machinery, and everything in the build-
ings, from taxation.
Mr. PRATT. Does it relate to property to be
bought?
Mr. FISH. Let the act be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Art act to exempt llie assay office of the United States, in
the city of New York, from assessment or tax.
The people of the State of Near Yoirepresented in
Senate and ^Assembly, do enact as follows :
Sec. I. No assessment or tax of any description, general
or local, shall be imposed, assessed, or collected upon
the assay office of the United States, which, by the act of
Congress of March, 1853, it is provided shall be established
in the cuy of New York ; neither upon the. land owned by
the United Stales on which the building or buildings, used
or to be used therefor, shall, or may be erected ; nor upon
the machinery used or to be usodtheiein; nor upon the
metal, bullion, or com deposited for melting, remeltjng, or
assaying; nor upon bars or ingots, after melting, remeluug,
or-assaymg; while the same is in ihe custodv, possession,
or under the control of the officers of the assay office of the
United States, in the city of New York.
Sec. 2. Tins act shall take effect immediately.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this matter of
jurisdiction, I will state to the Senator from Mary-
land, that it was not an old practice, but a recent
one. Since some of the States attempted to tax
such property, that provision has been made. It
was done for the purpose of saving it from that
taxation; but it was found afterwards to be unne-
cessary, and to lead to some special inconveni-
ences. By the words of the Constitution, when
the Sta' • has given its assent to the acquisition of
title, ok the part of the United States, for any
needful building, the jurisdiction follows. The
Constitution gives authority to Congress to exer-
cise " exclusive legislation m all cases" over the
seat of government, and " to exercise like author-
ity over all places purchased, by the consent of
the Legislature of the State m which the same
ehall be, for the erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful build-
ings." If the State assents to the purchase, the
jurisdiction follows, as a matter of course.
In regard to the amount, I will state to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that there could have
been no objection to that onthepartof the House,
because they appropriated the amount with one
little difference, which I will presently explain.
But to that appropriation there were added, by
way of amendment, some provisos which seemed
to the Committee on Finance to be not only use-
less, but, in some cases, more than useless. One
is the provision that the Secretary of the Treasury
should enter into negotiation with the lessor to
get nd of the lease. Now, what is the necessity
for that? If the United Slates buy, of course
they get rid of the lease, and there can be no ne-
cessity for that proviso.
Another proviso was, that no part of the appro-
priation should be used until the Secretary of the
Tieasury asceitained upon what terms the lease
could be disposed of, and reported the result of
such negotiation to the next session of Congress.
The effect of that would have been to delay the
use of this appropriation until the next session of
Congress, and to do so uselessly, because we have
nov a copy of the contract which was, of course,
conditional upon the approval of Congress by
which the parties owning the property contracted
to sell it to the Secretary of the 1 reasury for the
very sum appropriated here. The contract also
provided that if the Government would pay inter-
est up to the date of the payment of the principal,
we need not pay the rent of the building. A pos-
itive saving will, therefore, be made by adding as
we propose to add to the $530,000, interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, because the in-
terest is much less than the rent. By pursuing
the terms of the contract, as this amendment pro-
poses, we shall acquire the property and get rid of
the rent which we should have to pay, by paying a
less sum. We thought, therefore, that the con-
dition of the last proviso was worse than useless;
that it merely postponed to a later day what ought
to be done at once, and also required us to pay
more interest than was necessary.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Virginia, and of the Senate, to
the phraseology of the New York law, which has
been'brought to our notice. It provides that no
tax shall be imposed " upon the land owned by
the United States on which the building or build-
ings used, or to be used therefor, shall or may
be erected." ftow, the object of the provision of
the bill under consideration is to purchase land
within the jurisdiction of the State of New York;
and hence it is a purchase of land which was not
owned at the time this act of New York was
passed; therefore, inasmuch as the act of-New
York only exempts land owned by the United
States, it does not exempt from taxation the land
which you now propose to purchase under this
bill. I may be in error in this construction, but I
think it is the legal construction, and surely there
can be no harm by retaining that portion of the
bill, as it came from the House, which provides
that an exemption from taxation shall be obtained
from the State of New York. The law of New
York is applicable only to "land owned," and,
of course, it meant land owned, at the time that
law was passed, by the United States, and upon
which they might erect a building which should
be exempt from taxation. It is not, according to
strict construction, applicable to the land proposed
to be purchased by this portion of the bill.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, 1 think that the
honorable Senator from Maryland is wholly mis-
taken m his construction of the law of New York.
1 know very well that if his construction be cor-
rect, it is wholly at variance with the inteiest of
those who enacted the law. The Legislature of'
New York have already passed two acts in refer-
ence to this very subject. Some two years since,
in anticipation of action at that time by Con-
gress, they passed a prospective law, that any
property which should be acquired by the United
States, for the purposes of a Mint in the city of
New York, should be exempt from taxation.
After the bill establishing the assay office was
enacted by Congress, that not being a Mint, it
was thought necessary to ask for a further act to
carry out in good faith the intention of the State
to release the property from taxation.
I can state further to the honorable Senator from
Maryland, that in the State of New York the mode
of taxation is by an annual assessment. The tax
is imposed year by year. The phraseology of
this act is, " no assessment or tax of any descrip-
tion, general or local, shall be imposed, assessed,
or collected upon the assay office of the United
States," nor " upon the land owned by the United
States on which the buildingor buildings used,or
to be used therefor."
At the present time there is a provision in the
lease that, while the property belongs to the banks
from which the Government hag rented it, the
lessors shall pay the taxes. Surely the honorable
Senator does not wish to discharge them from
that obligation. But the moment the property is
owned by the General Government, the act be-
comes operative, and from that time no assess-
ment or tax can be imposed upon the ground of
the United States, or the buildings erected on it
for the assay office. The act is perfectly explicit,
perfectly effectual for the object which the Senator
has in view.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I do not think
there can be any difficulty at all about the true
construction of the act of New York; but inde-
pendent of that, the clause of the Constitution
which has been referred to by the Senator from
Virginia, it seems to me, settles the question suf-
ficiently. I presume the provision inserted in the
original bill in the arose out of some
misunderstanding between parties there, it is
known to the Senate, and perhaps to the Senator
now occupying the chair, [Mr. Badger,] that
some little jealousy has existed between Philadel-
phia and New York on the subje« of the Mint.
One party thought this assay office was a kind of
embryo Mint in the city of New York, and there-
fore may have thought they would try to cripple
it as far as possible. I do not think that such
was the intention at all, and I am confirmed in
that by my honorable friend at my side, [Mr.
Fish.] He and 1 understand each other, and I
believe my colleague also. I have no objection,
of course, to retaining the provisos proposed to
be stricken out; but 1 have the assurance that the
original intention of Congress in authorizing an
assay office at New York is not going to be vio-
lated on the part of our New York friends.
They will get along with their assay office and
leave us our Mint. For my part, I do not feel
any disposition to cripple them. 1 rely.on their
good faith; but as soon as I find that they violate
it, I shall make war upon them. Until then, I
think it cannot properly be done.
Mr. FISH. I think there is no need of misap-
prehension. If the assay office, as it is proposed
to be established if the other provisions of this
bill shall be carried into effect, 1 assure my hon-
orable friend from Pennsylvania that 1 do not
think New York will ever ask for the mere priv-
ilege of stamping coin. We shall have acquired
the great commercial advantages which we have
so long needed. That is what we want; but we
are not anxious to interfere with the possession
by Philadelphia of that beautiful building which
adorns that city, or interfere with any profit which
may result to it from continuing the operations of
coinage there. What we want is to save our-
selves the cost of transportation on the large
amount of bullion brought into New York, and
the loss of time and the risk and expense which
have heretofore been incurred. But the provisions
of this bill, as reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance, if enacted, wiil, I think, give us all that
the city of New York will ever ask for on that
subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am glad to hear from the
honorable Senator from New York the remarks
which he has just submitted. They are in ac-
cordance with the understanding which was had,
and the leniarks which were made in debate, when
the bill establishing the assay office in the city of
New York was under-consuieration. It will be
remembered that I opposed the establishment of
that assay office there, on the ground that it was
only the commencement of a Mint in that place.
The honorable Senator from New York at that
time assured me that such was not the fact. Well,
sir, the bill passed, appropriating §150,000 for an.
assay office in New York city, and now we are
told that a contract has been made for $530,000
forvthe purchase of a site. I know that property
in Wall street is very valuable, and I do not say
the Secretary of the Treasury has made an im-
provident contract. But, looking at this very
large sum to be paid for a large building, an ap-
prehension arose in the minds of many people in
Pennsylvania that there was a design to do some-
thing else with the building than use it merely for
an assay office.
Mr. FISH. That is the fact.
Mr. BRODHEAD. So I understand, and I
learn now from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, that this building is not to be used for an
assay office alone, but is also to be occupied by
the assistant treasurer of the United States in
New York, to keep the funds and com belonging
to the United States, the custom-house being too
small for that purpose. Am I correct?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is correct in sup-
posing that this purchase is necessary in order to
procure' certain easements for the custom-house,
which are essential to it, and for which there is
otherwise no hope. This property adjoins the
custom-house, and by purchasing it weget the use
of an alley which is important, and I believe it is
proposed to erect on it an additional building for
the use of some of the officers in the custom-house.
Mr. FISH. And beyond that let me say the as-
say office occupies a very small portion of this prop-
erty. The rear part of the lot is that on which the
assay building is erected. The building in front is
to be occupied by the assistant treasurer and his
clerks, and is also to be occupied by a large num- ^
ber of the clerks of the custom-house, not even
connected with the assistant treasurer. The ac-
commodations in the custom-house are insuffi-
cient, and hence the necessity of providing them
elsewhere. There was a right of way in com-
mon between the custom-house and this property,
which now becomes solely the property of the
United States, and large additional accommoda-
tions for the custom-house officers will beobtained
in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If Senators are
now satisfied on this amendment, the Secretary
will continue the reading of the others.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments of the committee.
The next amendment was to insert, in the fol-
lowing clause, the words in italics;
For expenses of raiting, charting, and repairing, remoor-
