1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
sons who have cut timber on the public land, by wrty of
compottmlms such trespass, and the expenses liicuired
ill collecting the name, and all the items thereof.
Mr. LATHAM. I made the motion on Fri-
day last to reconsider the vote by which a bill,
reported by the Committee oil the Judiciary, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That bill has since been
printed, and I desire now to call up the motion to
reconsider, with s view of putting the bill upon its
passage. My reason for so doing is, that a small
delay in the passage of the bill will result in de-
feating the very object it proposes to accomplish.
The following is the title of the lull:
"A bill supplemental to an act, entitled 'An act
to asceitain and settle private land claims in the
State of California,' " approved Marcli 3, 1851.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the report in this case is in the hands of the printer.
_ Mr. LATHAM. I can state the substance of
the report. The gentlemen whose names are men-
tioned in that biil employed a lawyer of standing
and tib.iiity in the State of California to present
their claims before the land commissioners. He
was taken sick with small-pox while he had their
claims under consideration, and no one would go
near him, in consequence of the disease being; infec-
tious. The result was that the time prescribed in
the original statute for the presentation of their
claims expired, and they were deprived of their
legal rights. Tt certainly would be wrong that
these gentlemen should be thus deprived of their
legal rights in consequence of the calamity and mis-
fortune of their attorney—such a one as he could
not, in any manner, prevent. The bill is strictly
guarded,so as to give them no rights except such
as they had under the original bill. It merely gives
them time to present their claims, if the bill re-
mains in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, it will probably be the fall before it can
pass. The commission will then have nearly ex-
pired , and it takes some four or five months9 labor
to get a claim ready to present before the commis-
sion. For these reasons, I move a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then put, and, on a division,
there were—69 in the affirmative, and 1 in the neg-
ative; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
members piesent, with a view of ascertaining if
there were a quorum in attendance, when it ap-
peared that there were only 10'2 members in their
seats; no quorum.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn, there being, on a division—ayes
44, noes 56.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if we have the yeas
and nays on the call of the House that we shall
find a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum present
in the House, for the Chair has counted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the question may
be taken by yeas and nays, so that the record may
show whether a quorum is, or is not present.
The SPEAKER. One of the rules of the House
gives the right to the Chair to ascertain whether a
quorum be present or not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not doubt the right of
the Chair to do so.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 62, nays 97; as follows:
yEAS—>[cwr*. Appieton. Ashe, Banks, Pelclier, Ben-
ton, Boyce, bridges, I>uge, Carpenter, Caslue, Chaniber-
l.tiii, Churehwoll, Conk, Croeker, Cutting, John G. DnvN,
Fh-an. IVut, J)isnoy, Dunbar, Edmumteon, Rtii''rn]<re, Far-
ley, Faulkner, Fenton, Fuller, Greenwood. Hamilton,
Aaron HaiJan. I7onn, Hibbmd, Houston, IngeisoM, Dame]
Jone-3, KittiPdae, Kuit?:, Lane, "Latham. .Alattcon,
Mavall. MiINon. Morgan, Murmy, NiehoK Noble, Ori,
Piatt, Thomas Ritchey, l^aae, fc'ewaid, Shannon,
G joigo W. Sun til, ilestor L. Stevens, Andicw Smart,
David Sm:uf, Tu.mhI, Van-ant, IValbridse. Elhhu I*.
WnMtfomne John Wentwoith. and Wheeler—63.
NAYS—Messrs. AiKen, Willis Allen. Ball, Bissell,
Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Convm, Cox, Ciafae, Dawson,
DowdelU Dunham, Eastman, Eddv. English. Evnntr, Flag-
ler, Gamble, Guiding*. Goode, Goodrich, Grey, Andrew J.
Hailan, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Hendricks, niesters
Hillyer, Jlowe, Ffuahes, Hunt, Johnson, Geoige W Jones*,
Kerr, Knox, billy, L.nd.-dev, McCulloch. AJcf>ougall, Me-
Mulhn, Mace, IVIacy, Maurice, Maxwell, Meachatn, Mid-
d'eswaith, John G. Miller, Norton, Old:*, Andrew Oliver,
Mordeeai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peek, Perkham, Penning-
ton, Hishop Perkins, Piielps, Powell, pringle, Puryear, Rid-
dle, David Ritchie, Robbins, Ruffin, Jtnshcll, Sabiu, Sapp,
Seymour, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Gerrit Smith. Samuel
A. Smith, William R. Smith, Snod^rass Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Stratum, Straub, John J. Taylor,
John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Upham, Vail,
Wade, Walker, WaNh, Israel Washburn, Tappan Went-
woith, Westbrook, Daniel J3. Wright, Yates, and Zolh-
coflVr—97.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House; and there was a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
supplemental to an act, entitled " An act to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the State
of California," approved March 3, 1851, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being1 engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LANE, in accordance with previous notice,
introduced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Territories:
"A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to
settle and adjust the expenses of the people of
Oregon from attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse
Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848,' " approved
August 2, 1852.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. Mr. Speaker,
I hold in my hand a set of resolutions adopted by
the State of Rhode Island, which I move to have
read.
The resolutions were ordered to be read, as fol-
lows:
State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in Gen-
eral ■Assembly, January Session, Jl. D. 1851.
Whereas, Congress, by a provision of an act approved
the 6th day of March, 1820, commonlv called "the Mis-
souri Compromise Act," tor ever prohibited slavery or in-
voluntary servitude, except for crime, north of the paiallel
of thirty-six and a half degrees of latitude m all the terri-
tory acquired from France, except that portion lying within
the State of Missouri.
And whereas, certain propositions? have lecontly been
made tending to disturb this compromise, it is
Resolved, That it be recommended to our Senators and
Representatives in Conercss to iu«e their best efforts to pre-
vent the passage of any law whereby slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except tor crime, can, under any circum-
stances, ever be introduced or established nnith of said
parallel.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit
copies of the foieyoins resoluiron to our Senators and Rep-
; resentative'' in Congress, to be by them presented to their
; respective Houses.
Attest: A. POTTER, Secretary of State,
I Mr. DAVIS. I move that these resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Territories, and be
: printed.
It was so ordered.
i Mr. DEAN, in accordance with previous no-
tice, introduced a bill; which was read a first and
- second time by its title, as follows, and referred to
! the Committee on Ways and Means:
j " A bill to remove the United States Mint from
; the city of Philadelphia to the city of New York."
Mr. HASTINGS, in pursuance of previous
! notice, introduced a bill; which was read a first
! and second time by its title, as follows, and re-
i ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
j " A bill to amend the pension laws therein men-
! tioRed."
i Mr. WHEELER introduced a resolution;
i which was read, as follows:
; Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to ex-
amine into and report whi:thei the census report, punted
' under the law, ha; been performed in eonfonnity thereto;
and if not, wherein ami to what extent the act of Con-
gress has been violated.
Mr. WHEELER. I call the previous question
i upon its passage.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire if
it does not require two thirds of the House to ap-
point a select committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. A
majority of the House may appoint such commit-
tees as thev choose.
Mr. JONES. They cannot do it, because the
rules provide that the Chair shall appoint them.
The SPEAKER. "Unless otherwise ordered
by the House," is the language of the rule. The
House ordered the Chair to appoint the committees.
The practice has been, as the gentleman .will re-
member, that whenever a majority of the House
has ordered a select committee, the Chair has ap-
pointed.
The House was then divided upon the demand
for the previous question, and it was not seconded,
44 only voting in favor thereof.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the •
motion recurs upon the adoption of the resolution,
Mr. ORR, I move that tne words "selectcom-
mittee be appointed to"be-stricken out, and insert
in lieu thereof the words "the Committee on
Printing."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. WALBR1DGE introduced the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Select Committee appointed to inquire
into the expediency of amending the Constitution, so as to
give the election of President directly to the people.be
also instructed to inquiic into the expediency of the elec-
tion of postmasters and colleetprs of the revenues by the
people, and to report thereon at an early day.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand the previous
question upon its passage.
The previous question was not seconded.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution, it was taken; and there were-—
ayes 38, noes not counted.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. PECKHAM offered a resolution; which
was read, as follows:
Recolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, if not inconsistent with the public
interest, to transmit to this House copies of the correspond-
ence not now communicated, of the United States Lega-
tion at Constantinople, and the United States consulate at
Smyrna, with Captain fngraham, and with the Government
of Austria, and with this Government, together with the
instructions fiom this Government to theii agents abroad
touching the seizure and rescue of Martin Koszta, and the
terms and conditions on which he was liberated and sent
to this country.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, tfie resolution
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CUTTING- I beg leave to report a bill
from the Committee on the Judiciary which has
already passed the Senate, and which requires the
immediate action of this House. Its object is to
finable the Secretary of the Interior to hire rooms
for the accommodation of the United States courts
in the city of New York, their buildings having
been recently destroyed by fire, and to enable
process made returnable at the present or former
court-room to be made returnable at the rooms
which the Secretary of the Interior may provide
for the exigency of the case. The wheels of jus-
tice are now or will be stopped, unless this meas-
ure be immediately acted upon. If there is no.
objection, I. will now report the bill.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
i "An act toprovidea place for holding thecourts
] of the United States for the southern district of
; New York, and for other purposes."
j Mr. CUTTING. I move that the bill be put
I upon its passage.
i The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
i a third time; and having: been engrossed, was sub-
! sequently read the third time, and passed.
! Mr. SAGE. Has the morning hour expired ?
I The SPEAKER. There is no morning hour
! to-day.
j Mr. WALKER. There is a resolution lying1
' upon the Speaker's table inquiring of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury with regard to the coinage
' of cold and silver at the assay office in New York.
1 I should hke to take it up, if such a motion comes
; within the rules.
" There was no objection; and the following res-
[ olution was taken from the Speaker s table, read,
. considered, and agreed to:
! "Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
< he is hereby iv^ne^ted to icport to thw House whether the
1 a«av office now in the course of con-traction in the city
1 of New Vorlc, is of sufficient capacity for the con,age ot
sold and Mlver, and if so, whether, in hi* opinion, it would be
: convenient and proper for Congress to authorize the com-
5 age at the said office."
; ejvtr. PRINGLE submitted the following reso-
lution:
| Resohed, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
■ to repoa at nn earlv d:iy the bill whieh pn<ed the Hou--p of
Representative" at" tiie bite «e*Mnn of Congress, pioviding
for tne oiganrntion of the Territory of Nebraska.
