1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9m
was the reason why this question was referred to
the Executive. If I remember rightly, nothing of
that kind was said; at least nothing of a character
to bind us now under the circumstances. The
President might have selected any other person.
It was not incumbent upon him by the resolution
of the Senate, if I remember aright, to appoint
Governor Gorman for this purpose. He might
have selected any other person, and commissioned
him to do this duty; but, I presume, supposing,
from his connection with the Indians of the Terri-
tory, that he would be better informed, and have
access to reliable information with greater facility
than any other person, he was selected by the
President.
I can see no reason why he should not be paid;
and the only hardship in connection with the case
is, that Governor Ramsay should not be indemni-
fied. He, as it turned out, had performed all his
duties. He had neglected no duty; he had vio-
lated no duty; yet, in defending himself, he was
called upon to expend a very large sum of money.
My objection to the amendment is, that it does
not make provision to pay him the money which
he actually expended. I would not ask that he
should be paid for his time, for it is one of the
risks that official personages run; but he ought to
be paid for the necessary expenditures incurred in
his defense. He was a Government officer; he
was noi only defending himself, but he was defend-
ing the character of the Government, whose agent
he was; and in justice and equity, he is entitled
to remuneration for his outlays.
I do not know whether, under the rules of the
Senate, an amendment to this amendment would
be proper, but if so I would introduce one to pro-
vide that his accounts should be settled by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, and
that he should be allowed for the witnesses whom
he subpenaed to testify as to the correctness of j
his conduct in the negotiation of the treaties, and '
in the payment of the money, in regard to which j
he was accused, as well as for the sums expended
in the employment of counsel, necessary for his
defense. It would be but justice, sheer justice. I
hope, how.ever, that the amendment of the com-
mittee will be adopted, and that hereafter, if not
now, Governor Ramsay also will be indemnified.
Mr. CHASE. I have no doubt, whatever, that
Governor Ramsay is better entitled to compensa-
tion than this gentleman. He was accused of
malfeasance in office. A protracted investigation
was had, the result of which was, as I understand,
his complete exoneration from every charge made
against him. In making his defense, he was put
to considerable expense. I am not, however, of
opinion that in any case, any person who is pros-
ecuted by the Government of the United States is
entitled to indemnity on account of the expenses
to which he is put in that prosecution, it would
be carrying the doctrine of indemnity very far.
Much less am I of opinion that an officer of the
United States, detached for the performance of a
particular duty, is entitled to extra compensation
whilst in the performance of that duty. I do not
now recollect a single instance in which any such
proposition has ever received the sanction of the
Senate. There are instances of this sort, where an
officer in the civil service of the Government has
been employed to perform the duties of an office
of superior rank, and having a larger salary, tem-
porarily, he is allowed the difference between the
salary of his office and the higher salary, but
never both. In the case of the Superintendent of
the Census, that matter was before us, and we
uniformly refused to allow the officer both sala-
ries; in fact, I believe he did not claim them, but
only claimed the higher salary, and we refused
even to allow him that. So in the caseof an officer
in the military service of the country. If extra
or special duties are devolved upon him, as the
Senator from Indiana stated, such as to take
charge of the construction of the wings of this
Capitol, or to take charge of any public work, or
of an armory, nobody ever thinks of allowing
him additional compensation on account of the
time during which he is engaged in that service.
This case falls precisely within that principle.
Here is a gentleman receiving a salary of §'2,50u
as Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs
of the Territory of Minnesota, and in the dis-
charge of the duties of tliatoffice, he is called upon
to make a special investigation. Nobody says
his salary is not ample. The Governor of the
State of Iowa, upon one side of him, receives
$1,000 a year, and the Governor of the State ofs
Wisconsin, also adjoining the sameTerritory, re-
ceives §1,500 a year. Here is a gentleman who
is paid out of the Federal Treasury a full compen-
sation, and now he asks an additional compen-
sation, at the rate of eight dollars a day, for extra
services. I agree with the Senator from Indiana,
that this is wrong, and that to establish this prin-
ciple would lead to the appointment of persons al-
read y in official stations, and rewarding them at the
pleasure of the Executive, for special services. It
is wrong, and certainly would tend to bad results.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, chairman of
the Committee on Finance, to the fact, that the
whole of the opposition to this amendment is en-
tiiely in consequence of one item, and there is no
objection to the remainder. If the Senator chooses
to controvert the propriety of this extra allowance
to Governor Gorman, I would suggest to him that
he move for a reduction of the amount, so that
the other claims to which no objection at all is
made, may be paid.
Mr. BRIGHT. My objections reach the en-
tire amendment. Whenever the President makes
a recommendation in reference to these charges,
he having had the care of the commission, it will
be time enough for us to act upon it. I object to
the entire amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow morning. I make this motion for the
purpose of movingafterwarris, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 26, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
introduction of bills, etc.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have some
estimates here, received by the Committee of
Ways and Means, in relation to the surveying of
the public lands in the State of California, which
estimates I desire to have printed in advance of
the proposition to act upon them. I therefore ask
the unanimous consent of the House to have them
printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means have also received, Mr. Speaker, the
post office estimates; and they have instructed me
to report a bill which I would like to have printed
and put upon the Calendar. If it Be the will of
the House, therefore, I will make the motion to
that dlGCt
There being no objection, the following bill was
introduced, read a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Bill making appropriations for the service oi the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1855.
salaries of district judges.
Mr. PARKER. Mr. Speaker, I have been
instructed by the Judiciary Committee to present
a bill to the House for the regulation of the sala-
ries of the district judges of the United States.
I therefore ask leave of the House to introduce
it, for the purpose of having it printed and re-
ferred.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. . .
A bill to regulate the salaries of the district
judges of the United States.
expenses of indian aggressions.
Mr. McDOUGALL, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs, with a report and amendment, the bill to
refund to the State of California.'the expenses.in-
curred in suppressing Indian hostilities in that
State; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Uriioji) and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.-
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 give notice now, that it-
is my intention to move this bill as an amend-
ment to the military appropriation^ bill, whenever"
that bill shall be taken up for consideration.
salaries of district judges.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I understand that the bill to readjust the
salaries of the district judges of the United States
has been reported this morning from the Judiciary
Committee by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Parker,] and with a motion of reference, which
has succeeded in referring it back to that same
committee. I move to reconsider the vote by
which that reference was made, for the purpose
of moving to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary has just reported the bill
this morning, and why now refer it immediately-
back to them? I can see no good reason for it,
and therefore I move to reconsider the vote of ref-
erence.
Mr. PARKER. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will not be
sustained by the House, because the evident in-
tention of the Committee on the Judiciary was to
give to the bill the direction which it has received.
It is one of those bills which call for action, and
this is the only way in which it can receive intel-
ligent action, after it shall have been printed and
laid upon the tables of members.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is one of those bills which
are more particularly cared for in this House than
others,, because, I presume, it raises the salaries of
the judges. Now, if we are to dodge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
regard to all these bills in this way, I think we
j had better abolish that committee altogether. If
it was proper and right to send those bills to that
committee which have already been sent there,
why not let this bill take the course of other bills,
and thereby allow an opportunity for their discus-
slon ?
I presume my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Par-
ker,] and also my friend from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] voted to refer the Nebraska bill to the
| Committee of the Whole on the state of Jite
| Union, for the reason that it might have a free .
and full discussion upon its merits. If that bill
was properly referred, and if other bills should go
there too, why should this bill, which proposes to
increase the silaries of the district judges of the
United States, be exempt from the same order of
the House to which other bills are subjected ? '
  If gentlemen will not consume too much of
the time of the House upon the appropriation bills,
by a general and irrelevant discussion, we can take
! up all the bills which are upon the Calendar in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and we can yet, although the session is
half gone—and it would have been all gone, if we
had pressed forward business as we should—1 say
we can yet take up all the bills upon that Calen-
dar, and pass the first and last of them. We have
actually spent more time this session in attempts
to avoid the reference of bills to that committee,
than would have been consumed in taking them
up from the Calendar and disposing of them.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that about the
moat reasonable proposition that I have heard
coming from any of the committees, is with regard
to this bill which has been brought before the
House for consideration. For the last month com-
mittneshave been reporting here, and, without
giving: anybodyan opportunity to examine them,
these bills have been put upon their passage and
immediately passed by the House. It is not a
week since the clerks' bill was mtrodused here by
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and, under the direction of that committee, imme-
diately put upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from Vir-
ginia to allow me to say that the Committee of
Ways and Means gave no such direction, and
contemplated no such action. The Committee of
Ways and Means directed that bill to be reported
