THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL .PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.\
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 22, 1854.
New Series No." 117."
to any greater charge for labor, materials, and alloy, or for
other cause, than is now made, or would hereafter be in-
curred, on depo&irs at the Mint, the branch Mints, or assay
office m New York, respectively, nor to any greater delay
than is now experienced; and that said refining; shall be
subject to such regulations as the said Secretary shall deem
proper and sufficient to secure the skillful and prompt per-
formance thereof, and to prevent any loss of metal other
than wastage, as aforesaid.
Mr. HUNTER. I hare no objection to that.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the said Secre-
tary be, and he is hereby, aufhoiized, at his discretion, to
cause advances to he withheld on deposits of gold bullion,
made after the first day of January next, at the Mint, the
branch Mints, ancl the assay office in Now York, respect-
ively, unless such deposits be metal of standard fineness,
and suitable for coinage without any further refining; and
upon the coinage of such deposits so refined by private en-
terprise, and suitable for that puipose, the Secretary of the
Treasury, at his discretion, may charge a seignorage ot not
more than one half per centum, nor less than one fourth
per centum, upon the value thereof.
Mr. FISH. The same alteration should be
made there that was made in the former one:
"Secretary of the Treasury" instead of " said
Secretary.,J
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that. I believe all
the printed amendments have now been disposed
of. I have been directed by the Committee on
Finance to offer several additional amendments,
which I will send to the Secretary.
The first was to strike out the words:
For compensation of the officers and clerks of both
Houses of Congress, $56/530,"
and insert:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, and messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary, in the peivice
of the Senate, $57,010.
For compensation of the officers and clerks of the House
of Representatives, $34,460.
The next was in the clause "for books, $2,000,"
to strike out " two," and insert " ten."
The next was in the clause, "for stationery,
$8,000;" strike out " eight," and insert" fifteen."
The next was in the clause, " for newspapers,
$2,000," to make it " $'2,600."
The next was in the clause " for Congressional
Globe, and binding the same, $3,000;" to strike
out "$3,000," and insert "#65,000."
The next was in the clause " for reporting pro-
ceedings, &25,000;" to strike out " $25,000," and
insert " $13,000."
The next was to strike out:
For clerks to committees and Piesident pro tempore,
draughtsman, messengers, pages, laborers, police, lioiaes,
and carryalls, $43,000.
—and insert:
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses, and car-
ryalls, $30,000.
The next was in the clause " for Capitol police,
$3,500," so as to make it read, $>3,560."
The next was to insert:
For compensation of the surveyor of Washington Ter-
ritory, and the clerks in his office, $7,500.
The next was in the appropriation " for com-
Sensation of temporary clerks in the Post Office
•epartment," to strike out " $37,350, "and insert
" $50,000."
The next was to insert:
For rebuilding portions of walls, and complete repairs? of
the building of the branch mint at New Orleans,$55,000.
The next was in the clause " for compensation
and mileage of the members of the Legislative
Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly" of the Territory of
Minnesota, to strike out " $20,000," and insert
"$30,000."
The next was in the following clause, to strike
out " ten "and insert " six of the," and strike out
" $10,800," and insert4* $60,000."
'For salaries o f ten additional clerks, authorized by the
acts of August 6,1846, August 12,1848, March 3, 1S.}1, and
August 31, 1852, .$10,800.
Mr. HUNTER. In conncction with that we
find it necessary to increase the numberof clerks,
and therefore propose the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted. That from and after
the 30th of June, 1854, in lieu of the clerks heretofore au-
thorized by law for the office of assistant treasurer at New
York, he be authorized to appoint, with the approbation-of
the President, a chief clerk at a salary of $2,100; one clerk
at $2,000; two clerks at $1,800 each; two clerks at§1,500
each; one clerk at $1 ,*200; one messenger at $900 ; and
two watchmen at .^550 each per aiinum. t  the case of the
sickness or inevitable absence from his office of the assist-
ant treasurer, he may authorize the said chief clerk to act
in his place, and to discharge the duties required by law
of the assistant treasurer; and in case of the death, resig-
nation, or inability to act of the assistant treasurer, the
said chief clerk shall act as such assistant tteasurer until
the inability he removed, or said successor be appointed
and duly qualified ; and all act:* of the s?:ud chief clerk, in
such ea<e, shall be as valid as if pei formed by the assibtaut
treasurer in person.
The next was to strike out:
For salarv of chief cleik to the assistant treasurer at
New York, $1,600.
—and insert:
Foi clerk**, messengers, and w.Uchmpn in the office of
the assistant treasurer at New York, #13,900.
The next was to strike out " $30,500 " out of
the following clause, and insert " $43,000:"
For the annual repair* and fixtures of custom houses of
the United States, $30,501 .59, and foi alterations and re-
pairs of the custom house at Baltimore, heretofore made,
and for rent of room*? during the repairs of said building,
such sum as may by the "Seeietaiy of the Treasury be
deemed reasonable and proper of said amount, not to
exceed $5,501 59.
The next was to insert:
For building for the use of the" United States couits at
Pontatoc, Mississippi, ,$4,000
The next was to amend the following clause:
For salaries of fifteen keeper* and twidve a^ihtant^ in
light-houses on the coast of California and Oregon, at an
average not exceeding #600 per annum, .$117/200—
by striking out all after the word " exceeding,"
and inserting " $800 per annum each, $21,COO."
The next amendment was to insert:
For completing lighthouses ori tiie coast of California
and Oregon, the sum of #59,434 : Provided, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of tbp Treasury to pay the
contractors for building the light-house at Point Roman,
near Santiago, what the same is reasonably worth.
The next was to insert:
For outfit of the commissioner to the Sandwich Islands,
$2,500.
The next was to insert:
To enable the Secretary of Stnte to defray the expenses
of releasing from captivity among the Indian"! of Ciueen
Charlotte's Maud, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
$2,500.
To enable the Secretary of State to reimburse to Edward
Riddle such sums a* shall be satisfactorily pioved to have
been expended by htm, or to which said Riddle may bav.s
obligated himself on account ol ins niMoidl position at ilie
industrial exhibition at London, England, or so .much
thereof as shall be necessary, #J6,000: Provided, That no
portion of the payment made piorata hy contributors at
said exhibition shall be regarded as within this appropria
tion.
The next was to insert:
i For salaries of registers and receivers in Oregon and
1 Washington Territories, or so mtKh theieof as may be ne-
1 cessary trom the act of 17th of July, 1854, $9,000.
• Fur office icnt, fuel, and labor in said office, $4,000.
| For iton safe for receiver's books, stalionaiy and ftirni-
! ture, $3,000.
| The next was to insert:
For surveying standard, parallel, and meridian line? in
i Wasliington TPiritory, an estimated distance of five hun-
dred miles, #10,000.
The next was to insert:
For office rent of the surveyor general of Washington
Territory, fuel, books, stationary, and other incidental ex-
penses, #5,000.
The next was to insert the words " of the House
of Representatives" after the word "resolution"
in the following clause:
For compensation to draughtsman and clerks employed
upon the mans of the public lands, under the resolution ot
4th May, 1848, #7,500.
The next was to insert:
For arrearages of necessary traveling and personal ex-
penses due the employee5- of the northeastern boundary
survey during the years lb!4,184"), 1810, and 1847, #2,016.
The next was to insert the following additional
section:
SEC, And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act of the 7th of June, 1844, rcbtucting the employment of
inspectors, guagers, weighers, measurers, and markers in
custom houses to the number then in the service, as may
be applicable to those employed in the ports of New York
and New Orleans, be, and the same is, hereby repealed.
The next was to insert the following section;
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 13th of June, 18^3, the annual salary of the chaplains
to Congress shall be #750, and such sum additional to that
elsewhere provided, as may be required to pay the same to
the 30th of June, 1855, is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwis" appropriated.'
The next was to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
That the President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of Hie Senate, shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint a commissioner, at a compensation
not exceeding #4,000 per annum, to ascertain the nature,
charactei, extent, and value of all valid claims arising, in
Washington and Oregon Territories, under the treaty with
Great Britain of the 15th of June, 1846; and should said
claims, ot any port thereof, be deemed of sufficient public
and political importance to justify or require the measure^
the President is hereby authoiized to,direct said commis-
sioner to agree with the claimants and the Hudson Bay
Company for the relinquishment of their claims on a just
and fair valuation, and to pav over the amount so agreed
upon on a full and entire surrender and relinquishment of
all rights, title, claim, interest, and demand thciein and
thereto to the United States: Provided) That none of the
land acquired under this section shall be subject to preemp-
tion, but shall be sold at public auction, unless in cases
where, in the opinion of the commissioner, the sum paid
for any particular parcel or piece shall be less than a fair
price therefor, to he ascertained by the commissioner afore-
said, said sales to be made for cash, and at such times and
places, and with such postponement as may be directed by
said commissioner; ami foi cauying into effect the provis-
ions of tins act, in case of purchase, a *mm not exceeding
#300,000 i-lieieby appt opriated: Provided, That the amount
tote paid for ail sajd claims, light, and interest shall not
exceed the sum h<jiem appropriated ; and for defraying the
expenses of the commission, the fuithersum of dol-
lais is heieby appropriated, payable out of any money in
the Treasiirv not otherwise appropriated.
Skc. —. And he it further enacted, That in case it should
be dei med expedient to pell said lands and improvements
made, or anv part thereof, tho President shall be, and he is
heri-by, authorized, on the eximguishment of the title as
aforesaid, to direct the commissioner to take possession of
the sdino for a-id in the name of the United State*, and to
lease the same on the terms and conditions, ancl for such
sum as he may deem proper and right, subject, however,
io sale, when, in Im  opinion, it may be pioper, after the
United States sutveys have been extended over the same.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that it may lie over.
It will require explanation, in my judgment, before
it can be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is reported
on the recommendation of the Secretary of State.
He had it prepared and sent it down to us. With
it there were voluminous papers for the purpose
of showing that there was a necessity to act at
once. The Hudson Bay Company and the Pu-
get's Sound Company have certain rights under
the A.shburton treaty. They are coming into
conflict with the rights of our Government, and
the people to some extent; and it is supposed that
now is a favorable time for closing the matter,
and to purchase out their rights. There is a limit
in the section that it shall not exceed $300,000.
It used to be a demand for something like a mil-
lion. There is a statement in the papers which
will he found accompanying this item, of claims
set up by the company, and the Secretary of
State thought it was desirable that the appropria-
tion should be made and authority given at once
to treat with them, and in that 1 believe the Com-
mittee on Finance unanimously concurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist on his objection ?
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not desire to interpose
objection to the action of the Senate upon it, but
it is a very important matter, and it is the first
time I have received any information that it was
proposed to act upon that subject at this session
of Congress. The amendment had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
Mr. HUNTER. I have now offered all the
amendments from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the Senator from
Virginia concludes, 1 desire to have some expla-
nation in respect to the Riddle amendment, ap-
propriating twenty odd thousand dollars for the
expenses of his visit to the London Exhibition. I
want that amendment excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over. The Chair wishes to say that there
is an amendment, reported from the Committee oil
Finance, which was passed over at the suggestion
117
