290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 31,
self without examining the subject, nor do I think
we should do justice to him unless we gave him an
opportunity of doing so.
No man will accuse me, I am sure, of wishing
to postpone this subject with a view to agitation.
I am too old to allow such a charge against me;
and I have had enough of agitators. I have no
such wish. I must agitate very speedily if I agi-
tate at all. But notwithstanding that, I am for
giving perfect latitude of discussion. Under these
circumstances, I am not for precipitating the ac-
tion of a member of the Senate. I would go on
with the bilL from day to day; I would not allow*
it to be postponed in order to lead to unnecessary
agitation, but still I would not precipitate the aetion
of any Senator. I would give him ample time to
look into it, and I think in that way alone can we
do justice to the subject and to the States which
we represent.
Mr. WELLER. I am very glad that my friend
from Michigan has expressed my own sentiments
upon this subject. Ihis is by far the most im-
portant question, perhaps, that will be submitted to
the Senate duringthe present session, and I think
that ample time should be given to every Senator
who desires to express his opinions in relation to
it. Almost every section of the Confederacy is
more or less interested directly in the questions
which are involved in the organization of these
Territories. I confess that I do not myself under-
stand the feelings, the wishes, or the opinions of
my constituents on the subject. I have had no
means of ascertaining what their desires may be
in regard to it. Nevertheless, without informa-
tion, I shall unquestionably be called upon to act.
If the views presented by the Senator from Illi-
nois yesterday be founded upon historical facts;
if they be true—and, without examination, I am
inclined to the opinion that they are—his argu-
ment is an unanswerable one; and when the Sena-
tor from Ohio, who occupies a peculiar relation to
this subject, asks that he shall have a little time,
in order to determine the truth of that argument,
I think it no more than a matter of courtesy that
the Senate should give him at least one day to pre-
pare himself.
I know of no reason why we should fear the
agitation of this question in the country. That
agitation cannot affect our judgment, and cannot
affect the truth. I am willing at all times that
the questions upon which 1 am called to act shall
be deliberated and discussed before the people—
that they shall have an opportunity of expressing
their opinions upon questions which are to affect
their weal or woe for years to come. I say, there-
fore, that I can see no sort of propriety in with-
holding from the Senator from Ohio that degree
of courtesy which I have never seen • refused in
this body, when he asks for but a single day,
in order that he may test the truth of that upon
which the Senator from Illinois has founded what
I conceive to be an unanswerable argument. 1 am
willing to yield to him one day for that purpose.
If he can show that those statements are not true,
I desire that he shall have an opportunity to do
so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 wish to say to the Senator
from California, that I do not understand the ap-
plication of the Senator from Ohio to be for a single
day. I was told it was for a week. If it is only
for a day, 1 will cheerfully agree to it.
Mr. CHASE. My application was not for a
single day. My engagements in the court below
are such that I cannot be here to-morrow; and it
will be necessary, therefore, if the bill is to be
postponed at all, that it shall be postponed until
some day when I shall be here. I hope it will not
be postponed to any day nearer than Friday; but
of course I must yield to the wishes of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the proposition
to be simply to postpone the consideration of this
subject until to-morrow. This I think a reason-
able request. The request now made by the Sen-
ator to postpone the Nebraska bill for a week, or
until Friday, is, in my judgment, an unreason-
able one, and therefore I cannot give my consent
to it. I supposed that the Senator desired to have
another day, for the purpose of investigating the
questions involved in that bill. It seems to me,
however, that he ought to have investigated them
long ago. The Senator from Ohio is, I believe,
the representative of the Sftate of Ohio upon the
single question of slavery, or upon questions con-
nected therewith; and if there is any question
which is agitated in the American Senate which
one might suppose the Senator fully compre-
hended m all its length and breadth, it is this very
question of slavery m the Territories of the United
States. To my knowledge he has devoted the best
years of his life to this subject; and at this time,
after he has made a publication in which he en-
deavors to place the Committee on Territories in
a false position upon a historical question, it does
seem to me that he ought to have comprehended
it fully before he made those charges. I cannot,
therefore, consent to the postponement of this
subject until Friday.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning until to-morrow the bill granting a portion
of the public lands to the State of Wisconsin to
aid in the construction of a railroad and branch
road in said State.
Mr. WALKER. I understand it to be the
wish of the Senate that that bill shall be post-
poned, and consequently I shall not resist the mo-
tion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA..
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of yesterday is the bill to organize the Territory
of Nebraska; and upon this bill the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Chase] has the floor.
Mr. WELLER. If it will be any convenience
to the Senator from Ohio, 1 move to postpone the
consideration of this bill until to-morrow, with a
distinct understanding, of course, that the discus-
sion shall then proceed.
Mr. CASS. I would merely suggest to my
friend from California, whether, under the circum-
stances, it would not be better to postpone the bill
for a lit^e longer time than he proposes ? A day
or two is certainly of no importance compared
with the great object of avoiding any appearance
of precipitation before the country; and I would
suggest, therefore, tha't he had better substitute
Friday. If this be agreed to on all hands there
will be no difficulty; there can be no hard feeling
entertained in any quarter; and there can be no
accusation brought against the American Senate
of precipitating such an important question. I
hope the Senator will say Friday.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is a question of priv-
ilege, which is entitled to precedence over this and
all other subjects, and which ought to be disposed
of before the Senate proceeds further. That ques-
tion of privilege is, whether the gentleman who
holds a seat now from the State of Vermont [Mr.
Phelps] is entitled to retain that seat or not. That
Senator has not pressed his claim for considera-
tion, because, I suppose, he h?is felt a desire to
yield to the wishes of the Senate. But it must be
observed by all gentlemen here, that his situation
is peculiarly unpleasant. He wishes to retain his
seat, if he is entitled to it; and if not, he desires to
be dismissed from further attendance.
I trust that question will not be postponed for
any other subject. It can take but a little while
to discuss and decide it. By parliamentary rules
it is entitled to precedence, as I have said, over
all other questions; and I understand from my
colleague, [Mr. Bayard,] who has the floor upon
that subject, that he will be ready to proceed to-
morrow with the discussion. It was at his request
that the matter was postponed, in consequence of
his indisposition at a former day. 1 trust, there-
fore, that whether the discussion on this bill goes
on to-day or not, to-morrow will be devoted to
the decision of that question of pxiviiege.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to secure entire
unanimity upon this subject, as the first compact
would not hold, I am willing to make another.
Friday is now named as the day. If it can now
be fixed by general consent that this bill shall be
postponed to, and made the special order for Fri-
day, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that, by a resolution of the Senate, Friday of each
week is appropriated to the consideration of pri-
vate bills; and that resolution must be rescinded, or
got rid of in some way, before any other disposi-
tion can be made of that day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 am willing to post-
pone this bill until Thursday, with the under-
standing, that it shall be the special order from day
to day until disposed of, and not be interrupted
by any other business.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make one suggestion to him5 I do
not know whether he understands that the Sena-
tor from Ohio is not prepared to go on to-day; he
will be prepared to go on to-morrow, but is liable
to be called into the court below, which never
allows any excuse for non-attendance. If he goes
there to-morrow, in the argument of a cause, he
may or may not get out of the court next day;
for there is scarcely any cause which is taken up
there which does not generally require the atten-
tion of counsel for parts, at least, of two days. I
did not know whether the honorable Senator from
Illinois understood that to be the situation of the
honorable Senator from Ohio or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If we begin by postponing
the bill each day when a member has a law case
to attend to,4&nd if we interrupt the proceedings
of the Senate for that, it is very evident that a
small minority may postpone the disposition of
this subject indefinitely. All that I want is that
we shall have an understanding that we are to go
on from day to day with this bill until it is dis-
posed of. If Thursday will answer, I will agree
to name that day. If Friday will answer, and it
be the understanding that we shall then go on
with the bill from day to day, until it is disposed
of, I will agree to that day. I simply make this
suggestion m order to have a distinct understand-
ing with regard to the matter.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would suggest to my
friend from Illinois, who has this bill in charge,
that as Friday is private bill day, he had better,
perhaps, say Monday. I think that will meet the
general concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. It seems to me that the whole of
this argument turns upon one point; and that is,
that the Senator from Ohio is the only gentleman
who is to discuss this question. Now it is well
known that there are ten or fifteen speeches ready-
to be delivered upon the bill, and probably we
shall have at least twenty before we get through.
If we postpone the bill one week for every gentle-
man who wishes to discuss it, of course it will be
thrown over until the end of the session. I am
perfectly convinced that before it is decided by the
Senate there will be twenty speeches upon it. Is
it supposed that all of those Senators who are to
speak upon it are not ready to proceed to-day?
I am perfectly confident that if the Senate keep
this question before the body until disposed of, we
shall hear quite a number of speeches before the
vote is taken. Therefore, inasmuch as the bill
has been made a special order, I hope we shall
stand by it until disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to organize the
Territory of Nebraska is now before the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. For the purpose of testing
the sense of the Senate, I move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Thurs-
day next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it is understood that that
motion is accepted, as being the courtesy asked
for, and that we shall go on with the bill on
Thursday, I concur in the motion; but if the ob-
ject is merely to have another postponement, I
must resist the motion. I merely wish to under-
stand the matter, that we may come here on
Thursday prepared to go on with the question,
and that thereafter want of preparation will be
no excuse.
Mr. WELLER. I am not, of course, author-
ized to answer for the Senator from Ohio, but I
can say that my object in moving to postpone the
bill until Thursday is, that it may then be taken
up, and considered, and discussed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand, certainly,
that that was the object of my friend from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. WELLER. f make no motion for delay.
My only object is to give the Senator from Ohio
what I consider a reasonable time to consider the
new points which may have been presented to
his mind yesterday; and on Thursday I shall
insist on the bill being taken up, with the under-
standing, of course, that if the Senator from Ohio—
being in usual health—is unable to proceed, some-
body else must go on with the discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
Mr. FOOT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Monday next. It
seems that, by a resolution adopted by the Senate,
Friday is to be devoted to the consideration of the
bills on the Private Calendar. The question of
