1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
privilege with reference to the right of my col-
league [Mr. Phelps] to a seat here can m the
meanwhile be disposed of; and it will occupy un-
doubtedly the intervening time between this and
Friday morning. This being the case, and Fri-
day being devoted to the consideration of the Pri-
vate Calendar, it seems to me that the post-
ponement which I propose will give us ample
opportunity to dispose of these questions which
are in the way of the progress of the discussion on
the Nebraska bill. For these reasons, 1 hope the
motion to postpone until Monday will prevail.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from California, [Mr. Wel-
der,] to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until Thursday.
Mr. GW-IN. Is not the question first to be
taken upon the longest time? If so, I shall ask
for the yeas and nays upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. FOOT. I think that, under parliamentary
rules, the first question will be on the longest
time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that, on a question of this kind, the first motion
made is to be the first put.
Mr. BRODHEAD. is it not usually the case
that the question to be first taken is upon the
largest sum and the longest time?
Mr. HUNTER. This is not a case as to the
filling of a blank, to which that rule applies.
These are competing motions.
Mr. FOOT. Will it not be in order for me
to move, as an amendment, to strike out "Thurs-
day" and insert "Monday?"
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that it would not be in order.
Mr. GWIN. Cannot the Senator move to amend
the motion by striking out one day and inserting
another? I wish a test question as to whether this
bill shall go over until Monday or not.
Mr. DOCJGLA.S. I will make another sug-
gestion. Out of all the gentlemen who are pre-
pared with speeches on this question, is not some
one ready to go on? If so, the Senator from Ohio
can make his speech afterwards. Is there not
some gentleman ready to go on and deliver a speech
now? Gentlemen all came here yesterday morn-
ing with the understanding that we were to pro-
ceed with the Nebraska bill until disposed of, and
of course with the understanding that they were
to go on with their speeches. Is no one pre-
pared? It seems to me that there may be Sena-
tors here who wouid be glad of the opportunity of
delivering their opinions on the subject. We may
thu.-; proceed now, and the Senator from Ohio can
wait until he is prepared, even until Monday, if
necessary; but we can go on with the bill in the
mean time.
The PRESIDENT. The rule is this:
<k In filling up blanks, the largest sum and the longest
time shall be first put."
This is a question to postpone until Thursday
and a motion is made by the Senator from Ver-
mont to strike out Thursday and insert Monday.
The Chair is of opinion that that is not in order
as an amendment. The question is, therefore, on
the motion of the Senator from California to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until
Thursday.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote against the mo-
tion to postpone until Thursday on this ground:
The question of privilege connected with the re-
tention of a seat in the Senate by the honorable
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] will ne-
cessarily come up to-moiruw._ It may or may
not be ended to-morrow; and if it be not ended to-
morrow, and we postpone this suoject until Thurs-
day, an effort may be made to cut short or post-
pone the debate upon that question after it had
been partially discussed; which, it being a ques-
tion of privilege, I think ought not to be done, i
see no objection, however, to the postponement of
this bill until Friday, notwithstanding the sugges-
tion of the Chair. It is true Friday is private bill
day; but the first Friday in every month is what
is called objection day; and if you take up your
Calendar and strike out the bilfs that will neces-
sarily be objected to, and those that must be passed
f at once, without discussion, I think it will be that
you will probably dispose of the Private Calendar
on Friday next m half an hour.
lUWtt, (ll'lica Ul XtJillCBSOV) 1UUIIU1J1 i.wi.j--, I ...n. )
uan3jShielil<, £liriell/f homjwon ol Kt-ntUfKy, Thomson of
Ne\v Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Williams, and
The PRESIDENT. The statement of the Chair
was only a suggestion. There was no decision
upon that point.
Mr, BAYARD. It seems to me that, for the
reason which I have stated, there can be but little
objection to postponing this bill till Friday. 1
think that on Wednesday and Thursday we shall
certainly be enabled to dispose of the question of
privilege. I am, therefore, in favor of postponing
this bill till Friday. With that view, and that view-
only, I shall vote against the motion to postpone
until Thursday.
The question was taken by yeas and nays uf>on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of the bill to Thursday, and the vote was as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchi-on, Bell, Benjamin,
Brown, Clay, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Coyer, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones ol Tennessee, Mallory, Noiii>, 1'iatt. Sebas-
tian,   
New
Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Clayton, Evans, Eveiett, Fish, Fitzpatuck, Foot,
Gwin, Ilamhn, Pettit, Seward, Smith, Stuart, Sumner,
Wade, and Walker—21.
Before the result was announced Mr. DOUG-
LAS rose and said : I voted for the motion of
the Senator from California because I understood
the Senator from Ohio to say that he was not
ready to proceed now, and because I understood,
further, that to-morrow he would be engaged in
court, and I therefore saw no reason why we should
hot proceed with this bill on the next day. As
both the Senators from Ohio have voted against the
postponement, I certainly have no desire to force a
postponement upon them, and therefore I change
my vote, and vote " nay."
Mr. TOOMBS. I change my vote t|^f nay"
for the same reason. As the day after tPmorrow
seemed to be agreeable to those gentlemen, I was
willing to vote for the postponement until that
day; but as they have voted against the postpone-
ment, I shall reverse my vote, and vote " nay."
Mr. WELLER. I shall be compelled to change
my vote for the same reason, and vote against my
own motion. [Laughter.] I made the motion,sup-
posing it was a matter of convenience to the Sena-
tor from Ohio; but as he has voted in the negative,
I shall change my vote to " nay."
Mr. SLIDELL. I change my vote for the same
reason.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to keep with the
friends of this bill, and therefore I vote nay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not wish to be alone,
and I change my vote to nay.
Mr. DIXON. I believe none of us understood
precisely what we were doing, and therefore I
change my vote to nay.
Messrs. Hunter., Adams, Dodge of Iowa,
Mallory, Clay, Sebastian, Toucey, Atchison,'
Jones of Iowa, Thomson of New Jersey, Nor-
ms, Williams, and WniciiT, also changed their
votes from the affirmative to the negative
The PRESIDENT then announced the vote to
i be as follows:
1 YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brown, Dawson. Dodge of Wis-
: c^n^in, Geyei. Jones of Tennessee, Pratt, Shields, and
: Ttiorcin?on ot' Kentucky—9.
| NAYS—Mes-sis Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badgei, llay-
1 ard, Benjamin, Iiiod!n:ad, Cass, Ciia^e, Clay, Clayton,
Dixon, Dodso of Iowa, Dou la«, tlvans, Everett, Fish,
Fit.spatriek, Foot, Gwin', Hcitnlm, Hunter, Johnson, Joiifirf
of Iowa, Mallory, Xorus, i'ettit. Sebastian, Howard. Sli-
de]!, Smith, Stuart, Smnner, Thomson of New Jersey.
Toombs, Toucey, Wddu, Walker, Weller, Williams, ana
Wright—41.
So the motion to postpone until Thursday was
not agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I now renew the motion, which I
made a short time since, to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Monday. My ob-
ject, is, not only to give an opportunity for the
necessary preparation to the Senator from Ohio,
who has the floor, to proceed with the considera-
tion of this subject, but also to allow the Senate
to dispose, in the mean time, of the question of
privilege, with reference to the title of my col-
league to a seat on this floor, which, 111 my judg-
ment, as a question of privilege, supersedes ail
other questions, according; to parliamentary law.
I think we shall be well occupied in the considera-
tion of that question in the mean time.
I Mr. DOUGLAS I will make a suggestion
j which", I think, will accomplish both objects. The
! Senator from Ohio only asked until Friday, and
it was objected that Friday was private bill day.
It has since been stated that next Friday will be the
private bill day known as objection day, so that
! no bill can then be taken up to which there may
be objection. That being the case, there will be
scarcely anything to do on Friday; and as there
is no objection to waiving the consideration of-
private bills for that day, I propose, instead of
Monday, to say Friday. Between now and then
the question as to the seat of the honorable gen-
tleman from Vermont can be disposed of; and
Senators can have all the time for preparation on
.this subject which they may want. If the Sena-
tor from Vermont will agree to this, I will vote for
his motion. If not, 1 must ask that we proceed
with this bill now.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to aslt whether the Sena-
tor from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] is ready to-day
to go on with his speech as to the title of the gen-
tleman from Vermont to a seat here? If he is
ready to go on now, and Mr. Phelps is ready to
assert his right here, we can enter at once upon
that discussion. I am not anxious to proceed with
this question to-day, but, if I understand properly,
the Senator from Delaware is not ready to go on
to-day, and the gentleman from Vermont is not
here.
Mr. FOOT. The gentleman from California
labors under a mistake. My colleague is here.
Mr. GWIN. If he is ready to go on I have no
objection to our proceeding to-the discussion of
that question now. If either the gentleman from
Vermont, or the Senator from Delaware, is ready
to go on, I have no objection to taking up that
subject to-day.
Mr. FOOT. I accept the modification proposed
by the Senator from Illinois, and my motion,
therefore, is to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until Friday next.
Mr. MALLORY. We have by a resolution
set apart Friday of each week, especially for the
consideration of private bills. Many private bills
now upon the Calendar have already been passed
upon by this body at former sessions, and about
them there is no dispute.' If we are continually
interfering with the days set apart for private busi-
ness, we shall never get through with the private
bills. Hence I would suggest Saturday as a pro-
per day to which to postpone this subject. I see
no objection to our coming here and devoting
Saturday to the discussion of this bill; and then
we shall not interfere with the regular private bill
day.
Mr. BADGER, I think I can make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Florida which will en-
tirely obviate his objection. No bill can be taken
j up on nextFiiday to which there is any objection;
I no bill, therefore, can be taken up unless it is one
which will be passed immediately through the
' Senate. If there be no objection made, every bill
j upon the Private Calendar may be passed before
| one o'clock. If objection be made, the private
bills must go over; so that, by one o'clock on
! Friday next", the Private Calendar will be disposed
of, in any event.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to explain the reason
for my vote. 1 have made it a rule never to vote
: for the postponement of any subject, with the
view of allowing any gentleman, who may hap-
pen to have the floor, time to prepare himself. I
: take it for granted that a Senator will not obtain
■ the floor until he is ready to make his speech. If
i it turns out otherwise, I cannot consent to post-
pone the business of the Senate to gratify him.
: Mr. GWIN. Am I to understand that the
! gentleman from Vermont is prepared to go on at
this time as to the question of his right to a seat?
! Mr. PHELPS. I am not prepared to go on
J now. Indeed, as the member of the Committee
| on the Judiciary, who reported the resolution, pre-
sented to the Senate the substance of the argument
I which I intended to present myself, I prefer to
i hear the argument on the other side, before ex-
i pressing* my views more fully to the Senate.
Mr. G-W1N. Mr."President, this is the most
■ extraordinary scene that I have ever ■witnessed in
the Senate of the United States. Here, sir, we
; are wasting a whole day because there is no Sen-
I ator ready to speak. [Laughter.] I have never
I before seen the time when the evil did not rather
! seem to be that there was too much speaking. I
| hooe that, if we are to postpone this bill, we shall
I come to some determination as to what subject we
i are next to take up. If the question of the right
