1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I need only refer to the homestead hill, and to
the land graduation bills which have passed the
House this session; and there is an amendment
offered to this bill, by which we are to surrender
all right to the public lands, to give up the whole
of these lands to the States withm which they lie.
I am opposed to this whole system of giving away
the public lands. The original policy, the original
land system, has been departed from, and grant|>
of the public lands have been made, to a large ex-
tent, to the land States; and the question now is,
is it right and just to make a similar provision, to
a much less extent, for the benefit of the other
States? Such grants will certainly prove as great
an advantage to the old States for the purposes of
education, for common schools, and for other pur-
poses, as they will for the new States. It is cer-
tainly right, according to the very terms upon
which these lands were originally ceded, that the
old States should be entitled to their equal share
in these grants; for they do not belong to the thir-
teen land States, but they belong, in common, to
the whole thirty-one. The new States certainly
have no right to claim the exclusive benefit of the
lands, and they have no more right to claim an
exclusive right to these grants than they have to
claim an exclusive right to the money arising from
the sales of the public lands, and which is paid
into the Treasury.
This is a bill which everybody can understand.
It gives to the old States something over twenty
millions of acres to equalize—or rather as an
equivalent, for it does not equalize—for the grants
which have been made from time to time to the
land States. Let me state further, that there have
been granted for internal improvements, from
time to time, as appears from the statement made
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
over twenty-eight millions of acres of land, worth
over $36,000,000, to the twelve land States exclu-
sively. There has also been granted to the
new States and to the Territories over forty-nme
million acres of land for schools, worth over
§01,000,000  .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) Will
the gentleman from New York permit me to make
an inquiry at this point?
Mr. BENNETT. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. Thegentleman from New York
stated a moment ago that the State of Virginia
had never received an acre of these public lands,
although her right to them was reserved. I beg
to inquire of the gentleman if the proceeds of the
sales of these lands do not go into the National
Treasury, and whether if the State of Virginia
does not, in this way, get her share of the benefits
derived from them ?
Mr. BENNETT. Theproceedsofthesaleofthe
public lands do undoubtedly £o into the National
Treasury, and in this way Virginia derives her
share of the benefits accruing from them; but I am
speaking now of grants of public lands, not of the
sales. I admit, indeed, that so far as the lands
are sold, and so far as the proceeds thereof are
received in the Treasury, all the old States share
equally and fairly in the benefit of them.
But the object of my remarks is to show that
when we give the public lands to some States for
particular and public purposes, all the States do
not share equally in the advantage. A great in-
jury has been thereby done to the interests of the
old States in that respect; and the worst of it is,
that the system of granting public lands for par-
ticular purposes has been rapidly increasing, and
increasing until no sales of public lands worth
speaking of are made. Under the operation of
this system the land distributed in grants have of
late exceeded to a great amount the lands sold.
My object is that this sort of legislation be put an
end to. Fiist equalize the grants to all, and then
stop short, and allow the lands to be sold.
The land States admit the rights of the old
States. I have here a resolution from the State ot
Illinois, which was passed at the present session
of the Legislature of that State, on the 20th
March, 1854, in which the Legislature instruct
their Senators, and request their Representatives
in Congress, to exert all their influence to obtain
the passage of a law donating to each State in the
Union public lands, at the value of $500,UUU to
each, for school purposes. To each Slate of the
Union! Here it is:
be instructed, and our Representatives bo requested, to use
their best exertions lo procure the passage of a law ol Con-
gres.s donating to each State in the Union an amount of
public lands not less in value than five hundred thousand
dollars, for the liberal endowment of a system of industrial
universities—one in each State in the Union—lo cooperate
with each other, and with the Smithsonian Institution in
Washington, for the more-liberal and practical education
of our industrial classes and their teachers; a liberal and
varied education, adapted to the manifold wants ot a prac
tSoal and enterprising people 5 and a provision for such
educaiioimUacitities being in manifest concurrence with
the imimauous of the popular will, it urgently demands the
united efforts of our national strength."
^ Be if resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Stiiute concurring herein,) That oar Senators in Lonzrcsi,
That is what they seek to have accomplished.
And—as the paper states—that resolution was
passed unanimously by the Legislature of the
State of Illinois. While it is admitted that these
lands belong to all the States, that they have cost
an immense amount of money—and it is not ne-
cessary here to determine whether they have ever
paid for themselves or not, although I think
that I can show by official papers that they never
have; but I will jiot go into that branch of the
question at this" time—and that this immense
amount of money which they have cost has been
paid by all the States: I say that while this is
not denied, still the legislation has been, as far as
grants are concerned, for the benefit of only a
part of the Union, and that, too, of only a very
small part. That sort of legislation is unequal
and unjust. I contend that some provision should
be made to make the public lands equally as well
for the benefit of the old States as of the new. Or
if not equal, at least some provision so that the
old States should not be altogether excluded from
participation in the benefits of these grants. Give
to the old States, I say, some proportionate part
of the public lands for school purposes m their
several States, if you extend that privilege to the
new States. If you give to the new States land
for railroad purposes, give the same proportion of
the lands for the same purpose to the old States.
If this system of making grants for particular
purposes is to be adhered to, let it be general, not
local, in its operation. That is what I contend
It appears to be a question what should be done
by Congress to dispose of these public lands more
rapidly than at present? For instance, they are
being disposed of just now as rapidly as legisla-
tion appears to be able to effect that object. But
while we are going on getting rid of the public
lands in this rapid way—while we are granting
them away by millions, and millions  and mil-
lions of acres—certainly we ought to have some
kind of fairness and equality in the distribution.
The Grants should be proportioned to all the States
in the Union for the same public purposes.
I was going on, Mr. Speaker, when interrupted
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] to
state that there had been granted to the land States
—embracing some grants to the lerritories-
twenty-eight millions of acres of public land for
the purposes of internal improvement, and that
there were over forty-nine millions of acres granted
to them for school purposes. That immense
quantity of public land would have brought to
the Treasury, if sold at Government prices, over
1100,000,000. As equivalent to that, let me ask,
what have the old States received? Nothing at
all And yet it is contended that these grants were
constitutional. It is contended that these grants
were authorized by the Constitution, and that
grants for the same purposes to the old states
would be unconstitutional^. Now, I should like
to know whether such legislation can be consti-
tutional in one Stale, and yet unconstitutional m
another > 1 do not want it to be said in reply that;
it was the policy of the Government to do so and
so But when the Constitution is referred to as
authority, I should like to know whether or not
the Constitution makes any difference between
the several States of the Union as to the distnbu-,
tion of the public lands. I should have thouSht 1
that the Constitution required equality iri the dis- ■
tribution to be observed. It undoubtedly con-
tains a reference to this subject, and requires
equality in the distribution of the public l&nt>s.
It requires that, in their distribution, the rights of
no State shall be prejudiced; but that they shall be
disposed of for the benefit of all, equally and fairly, j
That is alt I ask. I do not stand here to solicit i
the giving of land to New York, or to urge that
you should make any gift to that State I stand
here to claim, that when you disposed of thews
lands for great public purposes, you shall dispose
of them, as nearly as can be done, so as to confer
equal benefits to the old and new States. We are
told that the Constitution requires a pecuniary
consideration in order to justify a grant of this-'
kind. If I should attach to this bill the w"ords
" provided each State shall pay one dottar.for the
grant herein made," I supposte then, according tO:
their view, the grant would be constitutional; but,
if 1 do not put in that proviso, then the'grant" is
unconstitutional. Can anything be more ridicu-
lous than to pretend that the power depends upon
a pecuniary consideration? 1 insist that the pOwer
in Congress is perfect and original, t has always
been so regarded, and has always been exercised.
It could reside nowhere else. It is also expressly
provided for in the Constitution. I say 1 have
the same right, as good a right, to ask this grant
for the benefit of schools in my State, as any gen-
tleman has to ask it for any other State. And if
this systemTs to go on, I do insist upon it that is
the object of this bill.
Another thing: 1 wish western men to under-
stand the reason why a provision for their States
is omitted, is, that it is done at the request of
western men themselves. They prefer to have
their claim and their bilis stand alone. They say
that the claims of the land States Rtand upon a •
different principle; and if they should be included
in this bill, they might be prejudiced intheSenate,
and might meet with a veto from the President.
They prefer to have this bill stand alone. I am
content; and I am willing that they should take
their bills alone. _
I want to understand, by a vote of the House,
whether those States which have paid millions and
millions towards these public lands—for it will be
found that the whole amount which they have
paid is enormous—shall be entirely deprived of
any benefit of them ? The old States paid at least
two thirds of the cost. Those States paying most
should not be deprived entirely of all benefit from
the lands which they so largely contributed to pay
for. 1 would not be illiberal towards the western
States; nor do I contend we do wrong when we
make grants of the public domain the land
States for public purposes. But if it is right to
make grants in one case, it is in other cases, anu
equally constitutional, equally just. Can the fair-
ness and correctness of that position be answered ?
I contend that, if the Constitution gives the right to
educate* the children of the western States by a
distribution of the public lands, or by the applica-
tion of the proceeds thereof, it is equally right to
educate the children of the old States in the same
manner. The western States have, to a certain
extent, had the benefit of these lands; and will
you deny an appropriate share thereof to the old
States? ..
The bill, as I have framed it, will not give to
the old States, in proportion to their population,
one half as much as has been already granted for
internal improvement and school purposes to the
land States, with the amount now asked for by
them for such purposes. It would probably not
amount to one third asmuch.perhapsnotafoarth.
Twenty eight millions of acres, or nearly that,
have already been granted to them for internal
improvements, and fifteen millions more are now
asked, and over forty-nine million acres for schools;
and their population is about one third as large as
that of the old States. I am speaking without the
figures before me, but I am substantially correct. I
have not asked for as large a portion as they have
already received; much less, not one halt as much,
in proportion, as has been granted and is now
Th^erants to the land States should also be
equalized. It would be wrong to give the public
lands to Illinois for railroads, and then deny to
Iowa a similar grant, or deny the other land
States which have not had a like donation; ana
this bill will lead to that.
If this bill passes, railroad bills will undoubt-
edly also pass, sufficient to render the land States
equal perhaps not during the present- session of
Congress, but they will, in my judgment, pass
from time to time as asked for. The Committees
on Public Lands in the House and Senate begin
to see the necessity of adopting the principle of
equalization in thedistributioii of the public lands
among the land States. And, in reporting their
railroad bills, they are determined—so far as I
know-—not to give any State a larger amount ot
