1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
land for railroads, than Illinois has received.
They make the donations to that State the stand-
ard. They are willing to give to the other land
States in that proportion, and to report bills from
time to time, donating lands to the different States
for public purposes, until they arrive at that point,
and there stop. There is, therefore, no danger of
the lands being expended beyond this limit for this
purpose.
What I propose to do by this bill, is to donate
over twenty million acres to the old States, for
the purpose of equalizing the donations among the
several States. 1 do not propose to give lands di-
rectly to the States, but to donate them in the form ! |
of land warrants, to be issued to the State, to be b
sold by the States, and to be located by pur-
chasers precisely like other land warrants are
located This system of land warrants is no new
system. It is a system established. Ourmiiitary
grants, &c., it is estimated, will take about fifty
million acres of the public lands; of this, about
twenty-four million have been issued in land war-
rants. These land warrants may, fo a small
extent, regulate the prices of the lands. But no
injury can result from this.
But this bill forbids the States to locate the
lands. The warrants are issued to them, and to
be sold by them, and located by the purchasers
themselves; and the only deference it can make in
the operation of the system, us it is now carried
out, will be, by throwing an incieased number of
those warrants into market, to reduce the pne* to
a limited extent. That is all theelTect the bill can
have in tiiis respect. It is also piovided in the hill
that preemption rights are to be protected to any
person who may have located upon any of these
lands. These warrants, too, are to be located
only upon the surveyed lands which are in the
market, and open for sale. In fact, this bill for
the benefit of the old States is so carefully guarded
that no inconvenience can result fiom its passage
in the operation of the land system.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to debate this bill.
I should have been willing to have made a brief
explanation of the provisions of the bill, and then
to have called the previous question, it contains
but one principle, winch all understand; but there
are gentlemen in the Hull who are opposed to any
grants of this kind upon the part of the Govern-
ment, who have indicated their desire to speak
upon it. 1 shall iheiefoie content myself with
stating, imperfectly as 1 have, the puipoit. of the
bill, without going at all into any argument in Us
favor, reserving to myself the ri^ht, when debate
shall be closed upon it, to answer such objections
as may have been raised by its opponents i leave
it in their hands for the present.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
peimit me to ask a question of the Chair as to
how this bill stands, with a view of making any
motion that maybe necessai y to keep it before the
JIousc, and then of moving to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. COBB. Oh, I hope not; 1 hope we shall
have the morning hour for committees to report.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to ask the Chair
how much of the morning hour remains?
The SPEAKER. About forty minutes.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then I hope we shall pro-
ceed with the regular order of business.
Mr. DISNEY. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York to ask any question he may wish, j
Mr. DEAN. I wish toask, then, if there is any |
motion pending to reler this bill to the Committee 1
of the Whole on the state of the Union'1 !
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion j
pending. i
Mr. DEAN. J wanted the House to fFnder- !
stand exactly how the bill stood. I would ask ;
whether the motion cannot now be entertained ? [
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make;
the motion, if the gentleman from Ohio yields for j
that purpose. j
Mr. DEAN. I have heretofore made the mo-
tion twice The Speaker entertained if, and stated
to the House that it was pending;. I now learn
that it is not entered m the Journal, and would
therefore ask leave to again submit it.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not think that it is mate-
rial that the motion should be made now.
Mr. DEAN. If it be not made now, the pre-
vious question may be called, and cut it off.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I have been
absent, Mr. Speaker, for some time; and during \
my absence I met a member of this House, who '
requested me to state that he was deeply interested j
m this bill; that he had left here in the expecta- !
tion that it would not be discussed until his return; j
and that he considered that the originator of it 1
was under a promise not to press it until his '
return. I allude to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMullin,) who participated in the debate
when th'S question was postponed, two weeks
since. I do not know on which side of the ques-
tion that gentleman intends to speak; but I feel it
due to him to make the request of the House that
the bill should not be pressed to a decision until
his return.
Mr. COBB. There will be no decision until
his return.
Mr. PERKINS. With the gentleman's con-
sent, I would move that the House do now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. lie can then make his speech
to-munow morning.
[Here a message was received'Yrom the Senate,
by the hands of Asbuiiy Dickins, Esq., notifying
the House that that body had passed and amended
sundry bills, in which it asks the concurrence of
tiie House.]
Mr. BENNETT. I would, with the consent
of the gentleman from Ohio, send a substitute for
the bill to the Chair, m order that it may be i
punted. -
The SPEAKER. The Chairunderstands that ,
thegentleman from Ohio has an amendment pend- j
mg, in the nature of a substitute. To thatsubsti- j
tute an amendment has been proposed by the !
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Pkrkins.] '
Mr. BENNETT. The substitute winch I send !
to the Clerk's desk is the one now under consul- 1
eration with some slight amendment. 1 ask to give
notice of my intention to submit it, so that it may
be ordered to be punted. ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can modify
his own amendment.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I modify it by substi- j
tuting the one 1 sent up to the Clerk's desk font, i
Mr. PERKINS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I would ask to modify my ,
amendment by filling the blanks, so that it may |
be propeily before the House in connection with
the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I was about remarking, m i
leply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Pekkins,] that 1 have no dispo- j
sition to press upon the House action mregaid to 1
this bill. But m view of the statements which |
have been made to the House and the country by :
the gentleman from New York, as well in the
report which he submitted to the House as in the
speech he has made in icgard to the pending bill, !
1 /eel it a duty which 1 owe to the I [ouse and the i
country, us chairman of the Committee on Public j
Lands, to exhibit the facts, and to make some I
comments upon the, to me, exceedingly amusing j
lematks which the gentleman has put forwaid m j
the shape of aigument.
I say that 1 feel it my duty to disabuse the mind
of the House and the country with regatd to the |
facts; and, in doing that, I shall, of necessity, j
probably be led, to a greater or less extent, to ex- I
amine into the value of the reasons advanced by |
him. When I do this, it is my purpose to be aw j
brief as I can—as much so as the nature of the !j
case will admit of; yet I should exceedingly dis- !
like to be inteirupted by the expiration of the
mominghour; and, as 1 see around the flail indi-
cations of a desire to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I am willing to
yield for a motion of that sort, with the under-
standing that on to-morrow morning 1 can take ;
the floor and proceed with my remarks. I
Mr. ill ESTER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the ,
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put; and the motion was i
agreed to. I.
DEFICIENCY BILL. ,j
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the j
House resolved itself into the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Chandler ,,
in thechair,) and resumed the consideration of !
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill. j!
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com- J
mittee last rose, the pending question was on an
amendment offered by thegentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] and that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hiester] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, (who occupied
a portion only of his hour on Monday,) claimed
the floor.
Mr. HIESTER. If the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi desires to occupy the remainder of his time
to-day, or a sufficient portion of time to complete
the hour which he ought to have had on Monday,
I am willing to concede it to him, provided it is
not taken out of my hour.
[Cries of " Agreed !" and " That's ris;ht!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Mississippi can proceed.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, concluded the
remarks commenced by him a few days since, in
opposition to the Nebraska-Kansas bill. He ar-
gued that Congress should repeal the Missouri
compromise boldly, or not at all. If they were
not prepared to do this, they should let it stand
where it is. He condemned the insidious charac
ter of the bill, and said that the Badger proviso
was the Wilmot proviso in another form.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix ]
Mr. IHESTER addressed thecommitteeon the
same subject. He opposed the bill on the ground
that, if passed, it would violate our treaties with
the Indian tribes residing within the limits of the
proposed Territories, and because it contained a
clause for the repeal of the Missouri compromise
of 1820.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. ELLISON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr SMITH. I yield the floor for that motion.
[Cries of " No!" "No!" and "Goon!"]
Mr. SMITH. I should be gratified if the com-
mittee would rise. The committee is very thin.
A Member. We shall lose so much time if we
adjourn now.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, no; we need not adjourn.
There is plenty of business for the House to do.
Mr. HAMILTON. Some other gentleman
will, perhaps, speak now, if the gentleman from
Virginia does not desire to do it.
Mr. ELLISON. The House is very slenderly
attended now, and 1 therefore insist on my
motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to entertain the motion.
Mr. SMITH. I understand that there is a gen-
tleman from Ohio who wishes to speak this even-
ing, and I hope the House will consent that the
understanding shall prevail which prevailed yes-
terday, and allow me to havethefloorto-morrow.
[Cries of " Agreed !" and " Certainly !"]
Mr. ELLISON. I withdraw my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then recognizes
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] as entitled
to the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I should be very glad
to hear thegentleman from Virginia, but as he
does not desire to go on now, and as it is only
half past two o'clock, it seems to me that it would
be better to continue the discussion, and get rid of
it as soon as we can.
Mr. SMITH. As I am to have the floor to-
morrow, 1 yield it now to the gentleman.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, said that, instead of
processing with the business of Congress, as the
people demanded, they were tied down, dav by
day, by a sectional question, of which, as a Whig,
he washed his hands; nor did he believe that the
party to which he belonged instigated it. This was
a sectional question, which far transcends in im-
portance any other since the compromises of the
Constitution. He did not impute all the respon-
sibility of the introduction of the Nebraska bill to
the honorable Senator from Illinois; there were
other eminent men who advocated it with equal
zeal. It was brought forward as an Administration
measure, to relieve it from the consequences of its
own conduct. At least such was his opinion; and,
in support of it, he quoted a remark heretofore made
by Mr. Smith, of Virginia, that he [Mr. Smith]
"believed thatthis wasan Administration measure,
and that all good Democrats would support it;"
