292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 81,
of the gentleman from Vermont to a seat here is
not to be taken up to-day, I think we had better
go on with this business.
Mr. SHIELDS. I can state to the Senator
from California that, independently of that, we
' have plenty of business, and very important busi-
ness, to dispose of. There are three bills on the
Calendar, which 1 nowholdin my hand, relativeto
the organization of the Army, which I wish the
Senate to take up immediately after the decision of
this question. I have abstained from pressing
them forward on account of the Nebraska bill?
I consider them quite as important as any busi-
ness before the Senate. So far as the honorable
gentleman from Vermont is concerned, it would
be unfair, I think, to require him to go on with
his remarks now.
Mr. GAVIN. I do not ask him to do so.
Mr. SHIELDS. He ought to hear the argu-
ments against his title to the seat before he shall
be required to reply. We have plenty of other
business to occupy the Senate, at any rate.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will state to the Senator from
Illinois that the bills which he proposes to bring
up, which, if I understand them rightly, provide
for the reorganization and increase of the Army of
the United States, and which will probably add
from two to five millions of dollars additional ex-
pense for sustaining the Army, will be very thor-
ough discussed here before they are allowed to
pass this body. Although there is plenty of busi-
ness before the Senate, tfie question is, what busi-
ness have we that is matuied for action? Here
we have the Nebraska hill, which is now a special
order, and was made so a week ago. Every Sen-
ator should have come here prepared to take up
that question and proceed with it until it was dis-
posed of; and so it should be with every question
which is made a special order. Now I should he
very willing, if the Senator from Delaware, or the
gentleman frorh Vermont were ready, to proceed
to take up the question relative to the Seuatorship
from Vermont, because it is a question of privilege;
but 1 do not want to force those Senators any more
than I do the Senator from Ohio. All I wish is,
that we shall not embarrass ourselves by getting
other questions before the Senate which we cannot
dispose of before the Nebraska bill again comes
up.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the Nebraska
bill until Kriday next.
Mr. FISH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were taken, with ther following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atpllison, Rad«i;r, Bdjaul, Hell,
Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown,Cuss, Chase, Day, Clayton,
Dawson, Dixon, Doutdas, Uverctt, l''ish, Pool, Hamlm,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pearre,
Peltlt, Seward, Shiukls, Smut), Stuart, Stunner, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, Walker, VVeller, Wil-
liams, and Wright—^6.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Doiljie of Iowa, Evans, Fitz-
patnek, Geyer, Givin, Hunter, Johnson, Morris, Pratt, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, and Tooml>&—14.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
VERMONT SENATORSHIP.
Mr. PETTIT. I should have called up to-day
the resolution as to the right of the gentleman
from Vermont to his seat, but that I had informa-
tion that the Senator from Delaware is not pre-
pared to go on. I give notice now that to-morrow,
at one o'clock, immediately after the morning hour,
I shall insist oil proceeding to the consideration of
the question of privilege which is before the Sen-
ate, involving the right of the gentleman from
Vermont to a seat upon this floor. It is proper
that that question should be decided at an early
day, and I shall call it up to-morrow, and insist
upon its consideration.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tlie->House of Representatives
was received by Mr. McKean, its Chief Cleik,
announcing that they had passed the bill from the
Senate, entitled " An act to provide a place for the
holding of the courts of the United States in the
southern district of New York, and for other pur-
poses."
Also, that they had passed a bill supplementary
to an act entitled " An act to ascertain and settle
the private land claims in the State of California,'*
approved March 3, 1851.
The last-named bill was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
ENGROSSED BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time, and passed:
Bill for the relief of Richard M. Bouton, George
Wright, and the widow of Marvin W. Fisher.
Bill for the relief of Jacob Gideon.
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
the late Captain William G. Williams.
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER. As my bill was postponed
until to-morrow, a short time ago, with the ex-
pectation that the special order would come up, I
ask the Senate now to proceed to the consideration
of that bill. In order to accomplish that object, I
move that the vote by which the Senate agreed to
postpone the bill " granting a portion of the public
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and branch road in said
State," be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the Senate again proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill. No amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon or-
dering the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAWSON called for the'yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
Mr. WALKER. This bill is according to the
form which has been agreed upon by the Com-
mittees on Public Lands of both Houses. It has
been read, and it is not necessary to enlarge
upon it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
readin
third
eadmg; and there
:iird time, and pa
SAT. A
,nd there being no objection, was read a
passed.
ARIES OF CLERICS.
On the motion of Mr. ADAMS, the bill to
amend the third section of the " act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of .Tune,
J834, and for other purposes," was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to enact, that of the clerk's author-
ized by the thiid section of the act mentioned,
those of the first class shall -receive a salary of
.*1,200; those of the second class, a salary of
§1,41)0; those of the thud class, a salary of
$1,600; that all vacancies in any of the classes,
named in the act, shall be filled by promotion
according to seniority; that all clerks not provided
form the bill, peiformnig the same or similar
duties with any one of the classes, shall receive
the same compensation as is allowed to such class;
that the stamp and blank agent for the Post Office
Department shall receive thesame salary as clerks
of the second class, provided for in the bill; that
an addition of twenty-five percent, shall be added
to the pay now authorized by law to each of the
messengers, packers, laborers, and watchmen of
the different Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment in Washington; that instead of the sala-
ries now allowed by law to the Superintendent of
the Census, and to the Assistant Postmasters
General, they shall each receive the same salary
that is paid to the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury; and that the increased compensation
provided for shall commence from the 1st of July,
1853; and the necessary money to carry the bill
into elfei-t is appropriated.
Mr. ADAMS. Befoie proposing some amend-
ments, which I am directed to offer by the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment and Reform, [ wish to
remark that the bill is intended as a temporary re-
lief for such clerks as the committee were satisfied
were not receiving a sufficient compensation to
keep soul and body together. We find that since
the organization under the late law, it has been ut-
terly impossible for the Departments to so arrange
the different classes as to do justice to all those
who are engaged; and I find, on examination in
most of the Departments, a clerk at $900 per an-
num salary, one at §1,900, and another at $1,500,
performing the same kind and the same amount of
labor. The expense of living here is so high that
if a clerk, receiving $900 a year, has a wife and
one child, and nothing to live on but his salary, if
his child should die, he has either to go in debt, or
other cleiks have to subscribe, as they frequently
do, to raise money enough to bury the child. We
expect to introduce a general bill reorganizing the
Departments, and, if possible, doing justice to all
the employees of the Government. This bill is
only intended for the lower classes of clerks, who
are not as well provided for as the higher classes.
There are other cases where inadequate compen-
sation is rendered by the Government; but they
are so numerous that we thought it would not do
to crowd them into this bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to put a question to
the chairman of the Committee on Retrenchment
and Preform. There are three clerks in the State
Department whose salaries are $1,000, $900, and
§800 per annnm respectively. They ought to be
placed on the same footing as the others. _ I do
not know whether they are so placed by this bill
or not; but I would suggest to the Senator that, if
there is anj>doubt about that, the bill should be
amended by inserting in the second section, before
the words "performing the same or similar du-
ties," the words "in any of the Departments,"
for the purpose of including them.
Mr. ADAMS. I will state to the Senator that
thay are fully embraced by the bill and amend-
ments which I am about to propose from the com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAYTON. With that understanding I
shall support the bill. Those clerks are not classi-
fied, as I understand.
Mr. ADAMS. Therefore we propose to pro-
vide that all the clerks in any Department, perform-
ing the same or similar labor to that performed by
any of the classes, shall receive the samecompen-
sation as the bill gives to that class. The first
amendment which I have to offer is to strike out
the words "according to seniority," and insert
"from the class next below," so that the heads of
Departments will have the margin of a whole class
from which to select when there is a vacancy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. The next amendment is to add
at the end of the first section the following:
"And the Clerks employed in the Census Bureau shall he
paid during the present year tile same as is hereby allowed
to the clerks of tlie second class."
That is for the present fiscal year.
Mr. WALKER.<■ Does that amendment say
" Census Bureau r" I expected it would come
to this, but I was not aware before that it was a
buieau.
Mr. HUNTER. There are a few clerks, as I
understand, still employed in winding up the busi-
ness connected with the taking of the census.
Their employment will terminate probably during
this year. I am not able to say exactly when ;
but 1 am informed that it will terminate during the
year.
Mr. WALKER. I have no objection to the
clerks being provided for, but I fear this will es-
tablish the Census Office as a permanent concern—
as it buieau.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the Senator from
Mississippi will bring in a scheme for reorganizing
the Departments, when the objection can lie made.
This is but a temporary provision for the persons
I employed.
| The amendment was agreed.to.
| Mr. BELL. I do not wish to waste time by
• interrupting anything that is proper now, or by
: interposing any obstacle to the passage of the bill;
I but I should like to be informed by the honorable
! Senator from Mississippi, whether the committee
I have considered the condition and salary of the
! clerks in the-Sixth Auditor's Office connected with
| the Post Office Department; whether any attention
! has been given to their interests or wishes? I
j will state that I understand, from a source which
| I think authentic, that there are about thirty clerks
; employed in that office in settling or adjusting—
; or examining is, perhaps, a more appropriate
| term—-twenty-two thousand or twenty-three thou-
j sand accounts which have to be settled quarterly
' at that office; and that the duties of each of them
i are the same in every respect—so equal that it is
! hard to say that one has a greater burden thrown
< upon him than another. For example: I under-
■ stand that these accounts are cast in sections, and
then, that the clerks individually draw for the sec-
tions. Herice, inasmuch as a portion of these
thirtv clerks get a salary of $1,500 a year, others
$1,200, and others only §900, a §1,500 clerk is
liable to draw a section which, perhaps, if there
is any diffeience, will be an easier buiden to him *
than another section which a ^900 clerk happens
to draw. I mention this for the purpose of show-
ing the perfect equality of service and duty. Be-
