1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and further, he quoted remarks from the Union of
the 5th of February last. He then opposed the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. If you, he
said, repeal this, you will set a precedent by
which all other compromises will be repealed; and
which will leave it to a numerical majority, and
not to the good sense and patriotism of the people.
He wished to stand on the compromises of 1850.
He gave his reasons for opposing the Nebraska^
Kansas bill. ti
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BARRY obtained the floor; but yielded it to
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, who moved
that the committee do now rise.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 271) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government, for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1854, with the amendments of the Senate thereto,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House do now
adjourn. *
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Heney Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EYERETT presented the memorial of
Nathaniel Hayward, praying the extension of his
patent for an improvement in the manufacture of
India rubber goods; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WELLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, m favor of additional
mail facilities for California and Oregon; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Califor-
nia, in favor of the establishment of a free and
permanent watering place in Humboldt desert, on
the emigrant route from Missouri to California;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the State of California, in
favor of the enactment of a law authorizing the
Board of Commissioners appointed under the act
of the 3d of March, 1851, to ascertain and settle
private land claims in that State, to hold a session
at the city of Los Angeles; which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying a reduction of the rates
of ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of inhabitants of Providence,
Rhode Island, praying a reduction of the rates of
ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial signed by the Governor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, President of the Senate, Speaker
of the House, and members of the Executive
Council of Massachusetts, together with a large
number of the other members of the State gov-
ernment, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Hardy
H. Holstead and others, praying a modification
of the bounty land law so as to give one hundred
and sixty acres of land to all who served in the
wars of the United States, and to their heirs;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of the clerks
and other employees engaged m the city post
office, Washington, District of Columbia, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr.TOUCEY presented a petition of inhabitants
of Norwich, Connecticut, praying a reduction of
the rates of ocean postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented documents in rela-
tion to the claim of Betsey Whipple, widow of
Stephen Whipple, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, to a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions of the Mayor
and City Council of the city of Baltimore, praying
an appropriation of public lands to aid in the
establishmentofjuvenile reform schools and houses
of refuge in the several States; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of F. M.
Weatherred, jr., and others, praying a change in
the mail route from Grand Ecore, on the Red river,
Louisiana^ to eastern Texas; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of the
United States professing the Jewish religion,
praying that measures may be taken to procure
for citizens of the United States of every creed, a
just degree of civil and religious liberty, while
residing or traveling in foreign countries; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
NEW MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po*t Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
estahhshmg the following mail routes: Prom Fort Madison,
viaWestPomt, BigMount, and Utiea,toKeosauqua, iowa;
from Fort Madison, via Franklin and Primrose, to Farm
inglon ; from Marengo, by Toledo, to Eldora ; from Cedar
Falls to Clear Lake.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
James L. Collins, praying indemnity for property
lost in the Mexican war, and for services as se-
cret and confidential agent of the United States,
rendered during said war, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. BRODIIEAD, it, was
Ordered, That James L. Collins have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
HENRY CRONCHEY.
Mr. EVERETT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom the subject
was referred, to report a bill to make compensa-
tion to Henry Cronchey for extra services. This
bill is reported by the unanimous direction of the
committee, and as it is a small matter, I hope it
will be put upon its passage now.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow to Henry Cronchey the
sum of §1,000, in full compensation for extra ser-
vices performed in the office of the United States
legation at London, while the office of secretary
of legation was vacant, between December, 1852,
and August, 1853.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. Cronchey performed all
the clerical duties of secretary of legation for
j nearly six months while that office was vacant.
The subject having been referred to Congress from
the Department, and laid before the Committee on
Foreign Relations, the committee thought H was
but fair he should have this compensation, which
is at the rate of the salary of a secretary of lega-
tion. He was obliged to take home the work in
extra hours—the writing that devolved on him
as clerk in copying the dispatches and other offi-
cial notes—and he probably labored twice the
number of hours that he would otherwise have
been called upon to do. The salary of clerk was
but §500 a year. This will give him $1,000 for
performing all the clerical duties of the office for
six months. The service was very acceptably
and faithfully performed; and the Committee on
Foreign Relations thought he was well entitled
to this small amount.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
On the motion of Mr. EVERETT, the report
was ordered to be printed.
FRANCOIS COUSIN.
The bill for the relief of Fran§ois Cousin was
read a second, time; and, on motion by Mr. Su-
dell, the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to its consideration.
It proposes to confirm Franjois Cousin in his
title to all those parts of sections twenty, twehty-
one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four,
twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, twenty-nine, thirty-five, and thirty-si-x, in
township eight south, of range twelve east; whrch
are included within the limits of his original claim,
filed before the commissioner to adjust private land
claims in Louisiana; and all that parcel of land
described as section forty, in township eight south,
of range twelve east', and section thirty-seven, in
township eight south, of range thirteen east, in
the parish of St. Tammany, Louisiana; and a
patent is to be issued for them.
Fran jois Cousin, Sen. ,thefather of the petitioner,
about the year 1770, settled upon and cultivated a
tract of land in Louisiana; in 1785, as appears by
the affidavit of the late surveyor general of the
Province, he presented four decrees of grants,
which were recorded, but were destroyed by fire
in 1788. He continued to reside upon and culti-
vate the lands until the time of his death. His
son, since his death, has always resided upon and
cultivated them. The claim of the elder Cousin
was filed with the commissioner to adjust private
land claims in the Territory- of Louisiana; who, in
his report, classed the claims among the anony-
mous claims, as number twenty-one, and which
was not confirmed by the commissioner, and recom-
mended for the consideration of Congress.
The Committee on Private Land.Claims are of
opinion that the antiquity of the settlement, and
the cultivation of the land claimed, together with
the circumstances of the case, warrant Congress
in confirming the title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
NATIONAL HOTEL, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. PRATT. I-ask the Senate to take up and
consider the bill "to incorporate the National
Hotel Company, of Washington city," which
was some time since reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia. It is designed by
this company to build a hotel worthy of the me-
tropolis of the nation. It will be an extensive
enterprise, and will require a larger capital than
individuals separately could appropriate to such an
object. It will lead to no discussion, I presume.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that George H. Calvert, Charles B.
Calvert, Roger C. Weightman, Philip'Otterback,
John Withers, Richard H. Stuart, and Joseph
Bryan, and those who may hereafter become
members of the company, and their successors, be
created a body-politic and corporate, by the name
and style of the National Hotel Company, Wash-
ington city. The company is empowered to hold,
in fee-simple, lots situated in the city of Wash-
ington, 8,9,10, 11,12, 13, and parts of lots 7 and
14, in square 491, on the plat of that city, upon
which are now erected the house or buildings and
appurtenances known and denominated as the
National Hotel; and also any additional lots or
parts of lots, adjoining that said property, which
may be hereafter acquired. The capital stock of
the company is to be $500,000 to be divided into
five thousand shares of $100 each.
The affairs of the company are to be conducted
by a president and six directors, to beelected by
the stockholders, and they may exercise all the
power and priviliges of a corporation necessary or
proper to promote its objects.
There being no amendment, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House insisted on their dis-
agreement to the first amendment of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th of
June, 1855; insisted on their amendment to the
third amendment of the Senate to that bill; agreed
to the conference asked for by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Messrs. George W. Jones, ofTennes-
