1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
discussion. I therefore propose that, with the
unanimous consent of the House, the considera-
tion of this report be postponed till the second
Monday in December next.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent of
the blouse that object can be accomplished. If
the gentleman from New York yield the floor to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jo.ves] for
any such motion, it will be in order to propose it.
Mr. SMITH. 1 do not yield the floor.
Mr. McMULLlN. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me one moment to make a sug-
gestion ?
Mr. SMITH. I must decline assent. 1 would
have been half through my speech by this time,
and considering that ( have risen to make the last
speech thut I shall ever make on the floor of Con-
gress—as I leave my seat at the close of the ses-
sion—1 cannot think it altogether generous in the
House to evince so much unwillingness to hear
me.
Mr. S. then addressed the House at length on
the subject of the temperance reform, and in favor
of a prohibitory liquor law. His remarks are
•withheld for revision, and will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
report of the Judiciary Committee upon the table,
and that it be piinted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that it be laid
upon the table absolutely. My object is to pre-
vent debate upon the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. May,] when he made the report from
the Committee on the Judiciary, moved that it be
punted.
Mr. ORR. If the instructions are laid upon the
table, they will carry everything with them.
The report was then laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was kid upon
the table, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agieed to.
THE FLEURIAN CLAIM.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House may be discharged
from the further consideration o4 Senate bill (No.
103,) " to confirm a certain land claim in Louisi-
ana, known as the Pleurian claim."
Mr. SKELTON. I would like to have the bill
read for the information of the House.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I can explain in
a very few words the object of this bill. 1 promise
to make no argument, but simply to state the facts
upon which it is founded. It appears that, m
1744, Joseph Villers Dubreuil purchased a tract of
land in the Province of Louisiana from the In-
dians, settled upon it, and m 1754 commenced its
cultivation. In 17G3 he presented his claim to
the ollicers of the French Crown, then acting in the
Province of Louisiana. His claim was admitted,
his title was decreed to him, and thus the matter
rested. It will be remembeied that, m 17G2, the |
Province of Louisiana was ceded to Spam by ;
France, under the secret treaty of Fontambleau,
which was not made known until 17G*£, although,
previously to that time, it had been actually trans-
ferred to Spam by the French Government. And
hence their title, derived m this manner, has been
regarded as invalid.
in 1772, however, the original claimant of these
lands died. Spain had then taken possession of
the Province of Louisiana. Her own officers were
acting there. They had complete and full author-
ity m reference to the subject-matter that had been
acted upon by the officers of the French Govern-
ment. This claim was not presented to them
directly. But, after the death of the original claim-
ant, it was ordered to be inventoried by the Span-
ish Governor as a part of the estate of Mr. Du-
briel. It was put up and sold by virtue of a decree
of a court deriving its authority from the Spanish
Crown, then holding the Province of Louisiana.
It was sold, and Charles J. B. Fleurian became
the purchaser. He held the land in his own right
from that time until the period of his death, and
it has now descended to his heirs.
It appears, however, that a portion of this land
only was fit for cultivation, a large part of it being
tremblants pareres—trembling prairie—a tract of
land, the superficies of which is a kind of turf,
while the substratum is bog ur quagmire, render-
ing it unfit for cultivation. These claimants are
the heit#, representatives, and vendees of Charles
J. B. Fleurtan. They derive title through him.
They hav£ leveed and drained this boggy portion
of the land; and they have been cultivating and
holding possession of it by themselves, and
through their vendors and ancestors, for a period
now of a hundred years.
1 will remark, however, that the Supreme Court
of the United States have decided that these land
titles, which were confirmed by the officers of the
Fiench Government after the secret tieaty of
Fontambleau in 1762, and before Spam had taken
possession of the Province of Louisiana, are void,
even though the claimants retain possession of the
lands. The Supreme Court decided that so far as
the legal title of these lands is concerned, it is
vested m the United States, because the titles to
them were confirmed by officers acting under the
authority of the French Crown while the Province
really belonged to Spain. Therefore, it becomes
necessary, in order to settle the title now in ques-
tion, that this bill should be passed, so as to au-
thorize the issuing of a patent to the present claim-
ants. It does not conflict in any manner with the
vested rights of ,any individual accruing before
the passage of the bill. I therefore ask the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied to be put; and under the
operation of the previous question the bill was or-
dered to be read a third time, and having been
read a third time, was passed.
Mr. SMITH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also move that
the motion to reconsider be hud on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent from the
Committee of Claims, reported the following
hills; which were read a first and second time by
their title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of L. H. Lyon and Dean S.
Howard, of the State of New York; and
An act supplementary to an act of Idlfi, enti-
tled "An act for the purpose of relieving those
whose property was destroyed bv the enemy in
the war of 18152."
Mr. McMULLlN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAK ER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of certain puvate bills upon the
table, which were reported by a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion, if the
bills have been reported from a Committee of the
Whole House, and allow the House to proceed to
their consideration.
The House then proceeded to dispose of the
bills heretofore reported from a Committee of the
Whole lluuse.
House bill (No. 108) u for the relief of George
G. Bishop, and the legal representatives oi John
Arnold, deceased," reported with a recommend-
ation that it do not pa^s.
The bill was laid upon the table.
House bill (No. 182) " for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod," reported with amendments.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be it piia<tc<1y Sec , That the petition of Danif] Pt^oiirod,
with the accompanying documents and d^po-oiiom-, he
referred to the Sfcretarv ol War; and he is hrrt'by'au-
thon/.td and (lirocted, in such mode as to him shall t-eeni
jiim and expedient, to appoint an umpneto dear evidence
in tiie city ox" \Vh'-ehn<;, Vienna, and ascertain and fi\
what it* j u-il> and equitably due tnp &au1 petitioner ilieieon ;
and the Sr-cietary o{ the Trea<ury is authorized and
directed to pa) such --11111 out of any money in the Treas-
uiy not otherwise appropriated by law.
First amendment:
Strike out the word" " Secretary of War," anil insert
" Comptroller of the Treassiii}."
Second amendment:
Strike out all after the wonl "authorized," in the fourth
line, and insert the follow my :
1 o appoint a coumnwoner tn take evidence in the city
of Wheeling, 01 elsewhere, and rfreertani and leportwhat
is justly and equitably due to .-aid petitioner thereon ; and
if such report is appiovcd by the Comptroller, the Secietary
of War is authorized and directed to pay such sum of money
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated : Piovided, That said commissioner shall bo selected
out of such person.* now in the employment of the Govern-
ment, tor winch service 110 extia compensation shall be
paid.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
The bill of the House (No. 195) " for the relief
of Sarah K. Jenks, and the legal representatives
of Hartshorne R. Thomas, in the matter of the
brig Jane,"coming up next in order,having been
reported with a recommendation that it do not
pass, was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. ORR moved that the bill do lie upon the'
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The following bills and joint resolution reported
without amendments and with a recommendation
that they do pass, were then severally taken up,
read m extenso, ordered to be engrossed and read a
thud time, and being engrossed, were lead a third
time, and passed:
1:I. R. No. 189. A bill for the relief of John S.,
Jones and William H. Russell, surviving partners
of Brown, Russell & Co.;
H. R. No. 190. A bill for the relief of William
Hankins;
1-1. R. No. 196. A bill for the relief of Gilbert
C. Russell;
11. R.No. 199. A bill for the relief of Thomas
C. Greene;
H. R No. 238. A bill for the relief of John S.
King, of Virginia;
H. R. No. 241. A bill for the relief of the ad-
ministrators of Oliver Lee, deceased; and
H. R. No. 5. A joint resolution directing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of William Woodbury, late pension
agent at Portland, Maine.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve Itself into theCommit-
teeofthe Whole on the state ofthe Union, in order
that the amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill may be taken up and con-
sidered. These amendments should receive our
prompt attention and action.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that' the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. COBB. That ought to be done, for there
remain only three private bill days of this session.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able, and the Chair must insist on gentlemen
preserving order. This being private bill day,
the motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar will be first put.
The question was taken; and Mr. Edgerton's
motion was agreed fo.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Hrndricks in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill first in order for
consideration is House bill (No. 59) " for the
relief of Samuel Colt."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that bill
be informally passed over.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest, to
save time, that the committee commence with the
Calendar where it left off on Saturday last.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this bill was passed over by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was passed over by-
vote of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is in order, I presume, to
commence the consideration of the bills on the
Calendar where the committee last left off. Un-
less we do this, the bills low down on the Calendar
will get no attention at all. i move that we com-
mence where we left off last Saturday.
The CHAIRMAN. This is the first bill in
order. The Chair understands that it was only
passed over for last Saturday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the committee that if we wish to make progress
! on the Calendar, we had better, by unanimous
consent, consider this as objection day.
The suggestion was unanimously acquiesced in.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
bills in the order in which they stood upon the Cal-
endar, when those bills which were objected to
were passed over.
