294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«9*9H  81}
investigate that question, I would be in favor of
giving him time from his other duties to devote to
this; but I see no reason presented, so far as this
discussion has gone, why the delay should be
given. There are other bills reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs which will be opposed ;
X know they will. They propose to make im-
portant changes in the Army of the United States,
and will undergo, no doubt, full discussion. That
I desire should go on; and 1 am willing to give an
opportunity to Senators to examine and discuss
them. But, sir, as the question which is presented
by the bill now before us is, in my opinion, one
upon which every Senator has formed an opinion,
I am in favor of having the action of the Senate
upon it now.
Mr. BAYARD. I will ask the Senator from
Illinois if this bill is identical, m allits provisions,
with the one which has heretofore passed the
Senate?
Mr. SHIELDS. There is some change in the
phraseology.
Mr. BAYARD. Not in the substance ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Not m the substance.
Mr. BAYARD. The portion of the bill which
does seem to me objectionable 
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on postponing the further consideration
of the bill for two weeks from this time.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire that every member
of this body should come prepared to vote upon
any measure which I call up for consideration.
Acting upon that principle, I have postponed ask-
ing the taking up of the other two bills, and have
taken up the one now under consideration, as I
took it for granted that it being the same measure
that had passed the body again and again, and
had been lost in the House for want of time, we
might pass it this session at so early a period that
it could not possibly be lost. This I desire to do;
and then to postpone the two more important
bills—the one to increase the Army by adding
three regiments, and the other to increase the pay
—to ft day to be appointed, as designated by the
Senator from California, for their consideration.
I think that would be the better way.
Mr. GWIN. I will give the reason why I think
all these bills should go together. 1 have not ex-
amined them particularly. I take it for granted
that the three bills should be taken as one measure
for the reorganization of the Army. If we pass
this bill, by which we retire certain officers of the
Army, the subsequent bill provides for the filling
of the offices thus to be vacated by the retired list.
I have examined the question of reorganizing
the Navy with some degree of attention. It has
been my duty to do so as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and 1 believe the proper
way of reorganizing the Army and Navy is to
have a system by which, if you establish a retired
list on either branch of the public service, you
should at the same time be prepared to fill up the
vacuum thus created by the retired list. For that
reason, and no other—not from any opposition to
them—t wanted ail the bills to go together.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 desire to correct a little er-
ror into which the Senator has fallen. This bill
does not create a vacancy. It does not increase
the number of officers. It applies to the Army as i
it is now, or to the Army if increased. It has no i
reference whatsoever to the other two bills. They 1
stand on a difierentfootingaltogether. Itismerely !
designed, as I thought every person knew, to re-
tire disabled and superannuated officers upon their
pay proper, and leave other officers to get the 1
emoluments and fill the places from which they are I
retired. J am not, however, disposed to enter into I
any contest about it now, if honorable Senators |i
think it better that it should be postponed and ;!
taken up at another time; but it has no connection !!
whatever with the other bills. |
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will consent !l
that the two other bills shall be taken up, and. with
the one now under consideration, be postponed
till this day two weeks, when we can go into the
consideration of them all.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the bill to promote the efficiency of the !!
A.rmy by retiring disabled officers. The other J;
bills are not before the Senate.
Mr. SHI ELDS. I will suggest, then. that the
bill to increase the present military establishment |
of the United States, and for other purposes: and <
the bill to regulate the pay, and increase the eni- I
ciency of the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes; be postponed until the same day.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
all these bills will be considered as before the Sen-
ate. The question will then be on postponing
them to, and making them the special order of the
day for, this day two weeks.
The motion was agreed to.
ICEARSLEY AND BIDDLE.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the bill to provide for the final
settlertient of the accounts of Jonathan Kearsley,
late receiver of the public moneys at Detroit, and
of John Biddle, late register of the land office at
that place. It simply authorizes the accounting
officers of the Treasury to audit and settle their
accounts upon principles of equity and justice.
It has passed the Senate twice, and I believe three
times—twice, certainly.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
posed , it was reported to the Senate, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and wKs read a
third time, and passed.
PORT OF NEW ORLEANS.
On the motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the bill to
extend the limits of the port ofNew Orleans was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the port of New Orleans shall
be so extended as to embrace the right bank of the
Mississippi river for the same distance up said river
bank as it now extends on the left bank.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state that the port
of New Orleans embraces both banks of the river,
but at different distances on each side. It is de-
sired to make the termination of the port on both
banks the same. That is the only object of the
bill.
Mr. BADGER. I hope my friend will strike
out the word "river" in the last line. It is a su-
perfluous word, and makes the hill read badly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the word will be struck out.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Rcaolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay the pro-
prietors of the National Intelhgrncor, out of the contingent
fnml, fbi publishing in that paper the debates anil proceed-
ings of tiie Senate of the last Congress, at the nite of one
half the price which was allowed the Washington Union
tor the samu service.
>
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 31, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. His.vky Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, showing the manner in which all the
appropriations for public buildings and grounds
coming under liis charge have been expended.
Aiso, a communication from the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, containing the names
of the clerks and other persons employed in his
office.
The SPEAKER. Some days ago an adverse
report was made from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, on the petition of John Drout and Eliza
Merrill, which was ordered to lie upon the table.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
moved to reconsider the vote by which it was laid
upon the table, his object being to return the ad-
verse report to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The question now is on the mo.ion to reconsider.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The report was then recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a resolution of in-
quiry, offered by me a week' since, in reference to
the appropriations for the Hudson river.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will not that reso-
lution come up after the committees have been
called for reports ?
The SPEAKER. When all the committees
have been called, that class of business—resolu-
tions lying over—will be in order.
Mr. JONES. Then I must object tothetaking
up of the resolution now.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
announcing the passage by that body of sundry
private bills, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had appointed a commit-
tee to act with the committee of the House, on the
subject of the amendment of the Constitution.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported back Senate bill " for the relief of
the legal representatives of Joshua Kennedy, de-
ceased," without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back Senate bill " for the
relief of John Pagan," without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I believe that such bills
necessarily go to the Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. If the bill contains an ap-
propriation it must go to that committee under the
rules.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from tlie further consideration of the preamble and-
resolutions relative to the Petersburg volunteers in the war
of 1812, and that tliey lie upon the table.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported a bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed:
/"A bill for the relief of Grafton Baker."
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS TERRITORIES.
Mr. RiCHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported a bill; which was read a first
and second time by its title, as follows:
" A bill to organize the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas."
Mr. R. yielded the floor for explanation to
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, as an humble
member of the Committee on Territories, [ de-
sire to say that the bill which has been just re-
ported does not, in its present shape, meet with
the approval of all the gentlemen upon that com-
mittee. Some, I believe, oppose it because it con-
flicts with the act of 1820, known as the Missouri
compromise. I am not going to make a speech;
but there are a few objections to the bill which I
beg to put foiward on the present occasion, so
that my position may not be misunderstood by
my constituents.
In the first place, I object to the boundaries pro-
posed. The country to be organized into Terri-
tories, as gentlemen are aware, lies, in the main,
adjacent to and west of the States of Missouri and
Iowa, and extends westwardly to the Territories
of Utah, Oregon, and perhaps Washington.
Now, what are the natural boundaries of these
proposed Territories? I design speaking more
particularly to the Territory of Kansas, which is
the lower and more southern of the two Territo-
ries, and the one in which slavery will exist, if it
exist in either.
Now, of course, all will say that the eastern *
boundary of the proposed Territory of Kansas
should be the present boundary of the State of
Missouri; and I think it is equally clear that the
