*.
1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1868
bu*2\ end Potomac Railroad Companies refused '!
to transport the mail of'the United States without
an increased compensation, and demanded a rate ■'
of compensation <;muer than that for wnich the
P.;stmasjer General waft authorized to contract by 1,
law. The Postmaster General proceeded to ad- 1
«t*erlise for projrosals to carry the mails between ,
Washington and Richmond by post coaches, and '!
proposals were made, accepted, and contracts en-
tered into for the transportation of the mails be- |
tween the points named—one contract for the mail ,
between Washington and Fredericksburg, and one
for the mail between Fredericksburg and Rich-
mond—at the aggregate sum per annum of
$13,UU0. The contracts were taken by Graham
and Fmn&U, and were to commence the 10rh of ,
December, 18*7, and to expire on the 30th of
June, 1851; making the term of service neaily
three years and seven months. The contracts 1
were taken with the understanding and with the
just expectation that the full term of service would :
be enjoyed, and with this expectation tiie con-
tractors were induced to incur extraoidmaiy ex- .
penses in stocking and opening a route upon brief
notice, and at tiie commencement of winter.
The fact that the contractor had good reason
to understand that the contract would not be aban-
doned, appears from the statement of the Post
Master General, Hon. Cave Johnson. It appears,
however, that within the first year of the service
the Postmaster Geneud succeeded in effecting a
satiefaciot y contract wuh said radroad companies,
and in consequence thereof, on the 30th Novem-
ber, 18-^8, he save notice to the contractors of the
abandonment of his contract with them, to take
effect the 4th of December, 1846. Thereupon the
said contractors called upon the Postmaster Gen-
rai for compensation for their extraordinary losses, :
who, though distinctly ex pi essmg Ins opinion (hat
it would be just to give addiiional and equitable
indemnity, held thai he httd no legal power to
affmd relief.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to !
the House, with arecnnimendafion that it pass.
House bill (No. 22")) " to authorize Robert Gra-
ham to locate six thousand nine hundred and nine-
ty-three acres of land tn lieu ot one undiwded half
part of certain lands patented to John Eds;ar and 1
John Muiray St. Clair by the Governor of the j
Northwestern Territory." [Objected to by Mr. i
Nichols.] j
Senate bill (No. 303) "for the relief of James ■
M. Goggin." [Objected to by Mr. Mace and Mr. j
Morrison-.1 j
Mr. MILLER. 1 ask the gentleman from i
Indiana to withdraw his objection. j
Mr. MACE. I would be perfectly willing to i
withdiaw the objection if this were the only bill ;
of the kind before the House. 13ut we have re- ;
j-?cted more than fifty bills based upon the same I
principle as this one ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do beseech my !
fnend from Indiana to withdraw that object ion ' j
Mr. MACE. As there se^ni to be a great 1
number who wn-h the objection withdiawn,l will ;
yield to their wishes to do so.
The bill was then laid aside to be icported to 1
the House, with a recommendation that the same .
do pass.
Joint resolution of the House (No. 24) " for the .
adjustmentoftheaccountsofjobo D. Colmesnil." !
[Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.] '
Mr. BRIDGES. If the gentleman from Vir- j
giniB continues to imistupon objecting: to all the j
bills upon the Celendar, there is no use in proceed- i
ing wnh the reading of the cases. '
Mr. COBB. Let us £0 on '
Mr. SMITH, i object to nothing. I withdraw
my objection. ,
Mr. HAVEN. Then I object to tiie bill. |
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I des,re to ask the!
gentleman from New Yofk to withdraw the objec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, if there is any '
rmm in this House for whom i would withdraw i
it, it is for rhe gentleman from Oregon. But we
passed a joint resolution three years ago, under |
which this account was adjusted and paid, and I j
do not want to open the account again. I must j
decline to withdraw my objection. j
Senate bill (No. 147) " for the relief of the legal j
representatives of the late Thomas Chapman, |
formerly collector of the port of Georgetown,
South Carolina."
The bill, wnich was read, provides that there
shall be paid to the legal representatives of Thomas
Chapman, formerly collector of the portof George-
town, in the State of South Carolina, the sum of
$13,457 54, being the share to which the said
Chapman was entitled as such collector, from the
cartjo of the Swedish ship Diana, condemned for
a bieach of the non-intercourse act, which was
decreed to be forfeited by the said Thomas Chap-
man, in consequence of his being examined as a
witness m behalf of the claimants.
Mr. McClUEEN. i move that the bill be laid
Mr. PRATTv I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his amendment. He can offer it in the
House.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman insists
upon his amendment, I have no objection to its
being reported for the action of the House.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, sir, 1 will withdraw
my amendment and my objection.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
' House, with a recomendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 362) "for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Joseph Savage,
deceased."
Tne bill directs that there shall be paid to the
aside and reported to the House, with a recom- Wjegai representatives of Joseph Savage, deceased,
mendatioii that it pass. flVe years5 full pay of a suigeon's mate m the
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRISON. 1 objected to Senate bill No.
303, for the relief of James M. Goirgm. Upon
examination, I tan satisfied that the claim is a just
one. I therefore desire to withdraw my objection.
The bill authorizes and requires the Postmaster
General to settle and adjust the claims of James
M. GoMgm; and that in such settlement he be
allowed a fair and reasonable salary as special
mail agent tor the State of California, from De-
cember 1, ib50, until April 6, lb53, with reason-
able allowance for oilier renland p^r diem, and tne
hire oI a <. lei k. !
Mr. Mcculloch, i object.
Mr. MiLLEH. i appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection. Two gentlemen have
already objected, and ha\ mix nuMine ;-utlifted that
the claim is j lght, have withdrawn their objections,
i am suie the gentleman would not object to it if
he had examined the U.cts of the case.
Mr. McCTTLLOCM. Well, sir, I will with-
draw my objection.
The bill was then laid aside to he reported to the
House, with a lecommendauon thai it do pass.
House biii ^No.woO) '* tor tiie relief of the heirs
of Captain Nehemiah Stokely." [Objected to by
Mr. Millso.v.]
House hdl (No, 361) "for the relief of the
widow and chiidi en of Ka a Chapman, deceased "
The bill authorizes Uii propel acc-unting offi-
cers of the TieaMiry to pay to ihe lawful admin-
istiators of Ezra Chapman, late ol Tolland, Con-
necticut, deceased, for the benefit of his widow
and children, the sum of together with
interest thereon from March 22, j ti3S-—the same
being the segregate amount of seven years'half
pay of Ezra Chapman, the father of the aforesaid
■ Ezra Chapman, deceased, who was an ensign in
the army of tiie Revolution, and died m the ser-
vice of the United States, September 1, 177b, and
which sum of money was due to the sa.d Ezra
1 Chapman, deceased, on ticcountof the setvice-s of
his said father, by the provisions of tiie resolution
; of Congress passed August 21, 1760.
, ft'appears from the report that the father of the
1 memorialist, Ezra Chapman, senior, on the Gth
1 day of August, 1777, entered into the service of
the army of the Revolution as en ensign, com-
' missioned by Congress, m Captam iTorton's
company, in Cohmci BaUhvin's legimentof a>fi-
ficerN, and continued in said service, m said office
of ensign until the 1st day of September, H7b,
when he died; tlmt the s>,ud Ezra, at his dec.ease,
left a widow and one son, tne memorialist, then
i about five years of age; that the widow of said
Ezra, soon after his decease, married one Ehhu
■ Marvn, and died in the year 1788, Without lea\ing
any other fluid; and thit neither the said widow,
before her faid mani'gf- \virh the sa:d M irvin, or
aftei wards, or the memorialist, or any other per-
son for them or either ol them, has e\er received
• the seven years' half pay of the said Ezsa, de-
ceased, to which his widow, or, m case of Jier
■ mariiage, his orphan child, became entitled by
virtue of the resolution ot Congress, passed the
24th uoy of August, 17S0.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 object, unless an amend-
ment he made striking om the nPeust.
I Mr. PECKHAM. The interest is only from
' the time the petition was presented to the House.
Mr. SKELTON. I must object, unless the
, gentleman wsi!ac<fpt such an amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 am not authorized by
the committee to accent any amendment.
I The CHAIRMAN . Tiie Chair will rule that
i the amendment may be clisred, if it give rii>e to
j no debate.
p*y
continental line of the army of the Revolution,
with interest on the same from January 1, 1857,
ben< the full amount of the sum due to the said
Joseph Savo^e, deceased, forservicesas surgeon's
mate in the Virginia continental line of the revo-
lutiooaiy army.
' Mr. ROvVE. I object, unless the interest is
stricken out.
Mr. iJRIDGES. I think this matter of allow-
ing interest should be settled in some way by tiie
House, that we may know whether interest is to
be allowed upon these claims or not.
Mr. PECKHAM. It can be very easily set-
tled by a vote of the committee. I propose that
the question he put to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New Yoik propose an amendment
I\Ir. PECKHAM. No, sir, I wdl not propose
one; but L thmk the matter may be veryei^dy
setiVd, it gemleir.Lii object to the payment of in-
terest from the timi these claims are presented in
■ the House.
Mr. MILLION. Although this is a Virginia
'•Cv.S'3, 1 feel consltained to say that I examined
some time ago into the facts of the ca^e, and must
object.
House bill (No. 2G3) "for the relief of the
■ hei«.-> of Thoimv Parks, deceased." [Objected to
by Mr. liFrcriER.]
I foosc bill (No. 3G-1) s' for theieliefof William
\. Doer, John Duer, and Beverly Pobins-on, trus-
, t^es of the estate of Sarah Alexander, widow of
Major General WiHiim Alexander, commonly
known as Lotd Sterlinfr."
The bill, which v;as read tn. extenso, authorizes
'I and directs the Treasurer of the Um'cd States to
pay to William A. Duer, John Oner,and Beveriy
Robmfton, as ttustees of the estate of Sarah
Alexander, widow of M.ijor General Wildam
■ Alexander, commonly known as Lord Sterling,
the fiim of J9,9G0, it being the amount- due the
■: h.^irs cf sai'i Loid Sterling, in money, for com-
' motion p-ay as a major general in the service of
1 the United States in tiie army of the Revolution,
'! under the resolutions of Congress of October,
'2">, 17K), and March 2?,, 17S3; and that there be
I Canted to the said Wiilism A. Duer, John Duer,
and Beverl^Mlobmson, as tsus'res as aioiesaul,
i eleven honored tscres of land, the number of acres
aiiovwd ro a niMj-u- geucra1 m the levtdutionaiy
; wdi by the resohuion uf Congress of August,
12, 17d->, to be se!e«;ted out of any lands belong-
■ m^to the United States subject to private entry
m and sale, to be selected under the rules and regn-
hitions now prescribed by law for the entry and
purchase of lauds behmgmg to the United States.
Tnere was no objection, and the hill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill ( No. 3h7) " for the relief of the le°;al
representaiives of John RHe Jones, decensrd."
Phe MM, which was xead, authorizes the
representatives of John Rice Jone.-, deceased, to
locate in le^ral divisions ?md sub div imous, not It-ss
tiu.n one hundred and six^v acres, an a: i.a of tiires
thousand four hundred a.id eighty five acre«  cn
anv of the public lands which fi.all hc.ve been
olfered at public sa1^, ?snd may be sohjeot to pp-
vate entry; provided. Pmt the location msder this
act shall h.e U'ken ano hr'd as in full sati.-facPon
II of the claims t f s.ud J;>nes, wn^ai tu'e en:eteu as
! nnm^ers isIc5and m the reriori dated January
' 4, 1^13, oi the Ka. kaskiaC'immi.«sior ers; and, on
a proper return be'n^ made t^ *he General L".nu
Otiice, froio t; e distii(-c land office, of a l<icatioii in
;• co!-f"rmity fo tins nui, a p«iteft ^hf\ii issue, pro-,
'j \ided} always, that no location bhall be mude upoa
