1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April "27,
palpable misconduct on the part of the officer; and
it was their duty to ascertain his innocence, if he
was innocent; and it was, therefore, due to him to
summon his witnesses. I can see no difference at
all in the obligation to pay each set of witnesses,
and for that reason, at the suggestion of Governor
Ramsay, we have offered the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I will inquire of the chairman
of the committee whether this is recommended?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No, sir; it is not recom-
mended.
Mr. STUART. If I understand, then, it is not
offered by direction of the Department. I voted
yesterday against another partof this proceeding;,
for the simple reason that the whole question was
turned over by the Senate to the Executive de-
partment for investigation. I will vote to pay just
as much money as the Executive department will
recommend, and not one dollar more. We are
now taking upon ourselves precisely what was the
worst part of the subject which we turned over to
the President. He has made the investigation, and
reported it; but refuses to recommend the payment
of certain claims. The Senate are now asked vol-
untarily to pay them. I cannot agree to it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I desire to correct the
Senator in a very important part of his statement.
The Executive did not refuse to entertain these
claims. He recommended the payment of every
one which had been presented to him. The com-
missioner recommended, and did certify to certain
expenses; but tiiey left out the expenses of wit-
nesses for the respondent, or defendant, in the
case, and the consequence was, that there waw
nothing before the Department upon which it
could act, and the matter has never been before it.
It was intioduced to the committee, and we have
thought proper to make provision for the appro-
priation of $350 to cover the expenses of wit-
nesses summoned on behalf of Governor Ramsay.
The amount was considered to be amply sufficient,
and the committee think that it ought to be paid.
1 think it better, in this matter, that we should
follow the suggestion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. This is the last of the items of expendi-
ture arising from that investigation. We had
better make the appropriation; and I concur with
the Senator most henrtily that we should hereafter
refuse any more such investigations by the Senate;
but I think, as we have ordered this investiga-
tion, and it has been had m good faith; as just
and necessary expenses have been incurred, it is
best not to insist upon too close an adherence to
tl e rules of the Senate, which wouid have the
effect of excluding one class of witnesses and
payingall the others.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is one other amend-
ment winch I have to oiler undei (he direction of
the committee, but 1 wish, before doing so, fo
obtain some information from the Department m
regard to it. I shall not, therefore, oiler any moie
at present, as chairman of the committee. There
are some other members who have amendments,
which they will offer on the authority of the com-
mittee.
Mr TOOMBS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Awaits to offer the following
amend meat:
Pfc. 7 .'liul he it ftnther enmffd, That the sum of
$3."><),000, or much theieoj as m.iy be necessary, he, ami
1he same is hcieby, appropnated, to' pay to peisou* entitled
Kiiki'ivc the Mime, the mhjik a-oeitamed by a«enH ap
pointed bv (lie atnliojitv <>f tin; second section of the act
making appioprjaiion* for the etuierit and contingent e\
penws  >; the Indian department, appmved Match J, I&17,
O be d'le the individuals, their bene and a^mns and
v\ ho^e name.-: aie set forth in the repni f ofj.au! commission-
er-;, tran-niUied to ('ouyre^ on the T/th ot January, IKtf,
fen spoliation-^/ the Creek Indians, excepting tho«e vvho.^e
-chums have ireen heretotoic paid hvthe United Stales.
Mr. HUNTER. At the last session of Con-
gress this was decided to be a private claim. It
is an old claim for spoliations by the Creeks m
1836 and 1837.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know anything of
the decision referred to, but I think i can show,
upon the Senator's own principles, if such a de-
cision was made, that it was wrong. It is neces-
sary to state the class of cases m the amendment,
that the Senate may see whether it comes within
their rules. 1 submit to the Senate that the amend-
ment comes within the rule for two reasons. In
the first place, it is certainly within the principle
of the words of the intercourse act of 1834, by
which the United Stales guarantied to pay claim-
ants who had been injured by Indian spoliations,
and to ultimately indemnify them against all such
losses. In the second place, the Congress of 1836
passed an act directing the President to appoint
commissioners to send to the country to take tes-
timony of the amount of the claim, which they
did, and subsequently that repoit came to Con-
gress. Now, the Committee on Finance, unless
they have the exclusive right of violating the rules
of the Senate, have put in the bill an amendment
meeting a case beyond this principle, and most
assuredly covering it. On their recommendation,
the following amendment was made to the bill:
'' For payment of balance found due the Creek Indians
for losses ^u-itained dm ins the war with Great Britain, by
that portion of the tribe who wore 1'iiendly to, and co-
operated witii, the United states, ui addition to the appio-
pnation of the tfoth of August, 1H53, 10."
Now, unless the Senator can show that the
friendly Indians in the war of 1812 are entitled to
better privileges under the order of this Govern-
ment than those of our fellow-citizens who were
guarantied payment for losses on account of In-
dian depredations, certainly he is estopped from
objecting to this amendment, because, in his
opinion, it violates a rule of the Senate. The
clause which I have read, is an amendment of the
Committee on Finance. They have made three
oi four of the same soit, but that is conclusive
and direct upon the point, without any law, and
without the accounts having been adjusted by
authority of the Government. That amendment,
which the Senate has put on this bill, on the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Finance,
covers all this ground, and more besides.
But I say, that it being within the intercourse
act of 1834, it has been the uniform rule of the
Government to make annual appropriations when-
ever they were necessaiy for the purpose of pay-
ing for those spoliations. If you object to it
because it is a piivate claim, on the gtound that
money will be paid to individuals, the same objec-
tions may be made to the appropriations in your
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. They are
paid to somebody; but under this general law of
1834—and that was hut one of a class commencing
m 1790, to pay for spoliations committed on the
settlements by the Indians—Congress has made
annual appropriations wherevei a case has been
brought to its notice by the President of the United
States, where there was money due under that
act, which was entitled "An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers." To settle this point
of order, I will read the seventeenth section of the
act:
u Sr<\ 17. Jhui he it farther enacted, Th.it if any Indian
or 1 ndians belonging to any tiibe ui amiiv with the Untied
State--, --ball, within the 1 ndi.in < ounti v , take oi d< c-tioy the
piopei tv of anv perr-on lawfully within such country, oi
shall pa--, hom the Indian eountiy into anv State or Tern
toiv inhabited by citizens of the United State-., and then;
take, steal, or de-tioy any how, hotMw, oi other ptop.nty,
belonging to any eiti/.en or inhabitant of the United State-.
&tich citizen or inhabitant, his representative, attorney, or
agent may make applu anon to the proper supeuntendent,
agent, or sub agent, who; upon being furnished with the
necessary documents and pi oofs, ssliall, undei the direction
ot the Ptet-ident, make application to the nation or tribe to
which said Indi.m or Indians s>h.ill belong lot s.ati-f.ietion ;
and if such nation or tribe <sha!l neglect or reliw; to make
sansUetion m a reasonable time, not exceeding twelve
months, it .-hall la the duty of such superintend* nt, agent,
or sub-ftsjerit to make return ot In* doum-* to the Commis-
sioner ot Indian Atfairs, that Mich futlher steps may he
taken us shall be proper, m the opinion oi the President,
to obtain .satisfaction tor the ninny."
The President brought this subject before Con-
gress; and upon hi<s recommendation they author-
ized him to appoint three commissioners to ascer-
tain the damages, in a more formal way, really,
; than ordinarily. Then the act goes on:
| "And, in the mean time, in respect to the piopertyso
i taken, stolen, or destroyed, the United State- guaranty to
1 Uk paity s.o nijuied, an eventual indemmfaation."
Under this act of 1834—and it is but one of a
class amendatory of various acts to the same pur-
1 pose, commencing in 1790—Congress uniformly,
whenever these spoliations exulted, have put in
' the regular appropriation bills, appropriations for
j their payment; therefore, I say, this is distinguish-
; able from any class of private claims. It is to
, carry out an existing law, and it is to appropriate
j a sum specified and ascertained under the law.
Commissioners were appointed by the President,
i under the provisions of that act of 1834, expressly
j for the purpose of investigating the claims. The
j claims have been passed by the Senate once—
before I became a member of it, as some of my
seniors here will recollect—and most certainly the
Senator from Virginia is estopped, by the amend-
ment to which I have referred, from objecting to
this, unless he can show that the friendly Indians,
who were injured by the hostile Indians, and to
compensate whom we were bound by no law, but
fnder the general principles of equity, they having
ppealed to the United States for payment, are to be
a more favored class in the legislative halls than
our own fellow-citizens, who were robbed and
plundered by these same Indians.
I refrain, for the present, from going into the
justice of the claim; but in regard to the point of
order, this amendment is certainly more proper
than one for paying Indians which has not the
same sanction of law as this. I suppose that
other committees have as much right in the Senate
as the Committee on Finance, and that what is
out of order with the others is out of order with
them. I do not know any piescriptive light which
the Committee on Finance have to violate the rules
of the Senate, which is not possessed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affair^, whose organ I am.
Mr. HUNTER. The question happens to
have been decided by the Senate. It does not rest
upon the Senator from Georgia or myself. On
this precise amendment the question was raised;
and upon the question: 41 Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?"—
the Chair deciding the amendment to be out of
order under this rule in relation to private claims—
the vote was—yeas 19, nays 22; so that it was
ruled out of order at the last session.
Mr. HELL. What is the date of that?
Mr. HUNTER. March 3, 1853. That is
sufficient for me.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the names.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Was it not previously
decided otherwise?
Mr. HUNTER. I find it stated otherwise in
the Globe. I find that the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] stated that it had been de-
cided otherwise; but when the vote was referred to,
it was found that twenty were for ruling it out of
<>rd*r, and sixteen in favor of it. On the debate
afterwards, it was suggested by some gentlemen
that it rested upon the question whether a member
of the committee had the right to offer it without
instructions from the committee, or whether it
must come from the committee itself. I have not
examined that decision, in order to see how it
stood; the Senator, however, who referred to it,
said that the vote was upon the question of order;
but it is enough for me that the subject was be-
fore us in 1852, on this distinct question, and that
the Senate decided, by a vote of 22 to 19, that it
was out of order. So far as the action of the
Committee on Finance is concerned, I submit to
the Senator, that if that committee made a mistake
in regard to the rule, that is not to estop the Sen-
ate from applying it. The Senate is not to be
governed by them in regard to that; and 1 will
also suggest to him that he is somewhat too tech-
nical m talking about being estopped by this or
that amendment. If he will look to the amend-
ment to which he has referied, he will find that it
is the result of an appropriation last year. It is
only making up for an omission of two names in
the appropriation of last year. It has been dis-
covered since the appropriation of 31st August,
1852, for this purpose was made, that the name
of John Stedham was omitted in such claims by
mistake. Ilete is a clerical error in cairying out
the appropriation made in the law of 1852; but
suppose the Committee on Finance should have
made a mistake, or that I had mode a mistake,
that does not bind the Senate. It is not bound by
my mistake. The question is, what is the rule,
and here is the decision of the Senate upon it.
Mr. BELL. I would like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, whether he con-
siders the decision of the Senate as a precedent
and binding as parliamentary law?
Mr. HUNTER. I need not say to the Senator
from Tennessee—he is certainly familiar with a
question of that sort—that decisions upon points
of order are always regarded as precedents, and
they have a persuasive force. I will not say that
they are irrepeaiable; that they cannot be changed;
that they are like the laws of the Medes and
Persians.
Mr. BELL. That is the answer which I ex-
pected from the honorable Senator. From the
