1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
y 22,
mineral land or lands reserved for the use of
schools, or for military purposes.
There was no objection; and the bill was ordered
to be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (Ho. 199) " authorizing a patent to
be issued to Peter Poncin for certain lands therein
described."
The bill allows and reinstates, of the same date,,
the entry by Peter Poncin of the north half of the
southeast quarter, and the south half of the north-
east quarter of section thirty six, in township
number twenty-nine, of range twenty-three, in the
Stillwater land district,Minnesota, cancelled by the,
Commissioner of the General Land Office, so that
the title to said lands may inure to the benefit of
his grantees, as far as he may have conveyed the
same; provided, that the money paid for said
lands shall not have been withdrawn, or, if with-
drawn, shall be again paid at said land offices,
and that thereupon a patent shall issue in the
name of said Peter Poncin for said lauds.
There was no objection; and the bill was or-
dered to be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No 234) "for the relief of Conrad
Wheat, jr., or his legal representatives."
The bill provides that the location of six hun-
dred and forty acres of land, and which is des-
cribed as survey No. 2,453, in township forty-
four north, of ranges five and six east of the
principal meridian, in the State of Missouri, made
by Conrad Wheat, jr., October 22, 1816, under a
certificate of location No. 113, issued the 12th of
August, 1816, by the recorder of land titles, to
the said Wheat, shall be confirmed; and that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
be authorized to issue a patent to the said Conrad
Wheat,jr.,or his legal representatives, forthe said
lands.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 72) "for the relief of the heirs
and representatives at Uriah Prewitt deceased."
[Objected to by Mr. Chastain.]
Senate bill (No. 154) " for the relief of Richard
King."
The bill provides that Richard King shall be
confirmed in his title to two hundred and forty
arpents of land on the eastern bank of the Ouachita
river, in the parish of Caldwell, Suite of Louisi-
ana, which was conveyed by the claimant of the
Maison Rouge grant to Bagwell Baily, in 1818,
for cutting a road through said grant, and which
has remained in the possession of, and in cultiva-
tion by, said Baity and his successors to the pres-
ent time.tmd winch is now a part of theplaritatmn
of suid King, on which he 1ms resided for many ;
years; and that'a patent shall issue to him for it, "
after a legal survey is intule and returned under ,
the direction of the sntveyor general; provided,
that this act shall amount only to a relinquish-
ment of title on the part of the United States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass. |
House bill (No. 363) " for the relief of Robert
P. McGuire and Louisa, his wife, late Louisa
Lamy." !
The bill provides that Robert P. McGuire and
Louisa McGuire, his wife, late. Louisa Lamy,
shall be confirmed in their titie to a certain tract of
land in the State of Louisiana, containing four
hundred arpents, situate in and being a part of1
the " Baron de Bastrop grant," being the same
tract to which the said McGuire and wifedciived
their title from the conveyance of A. Morehouse,
dated April 17, 181J9; provided that the act shall
be considered only as a relinquishment of title oil
the part of the United States to the said tract, and
not to prejudice the rights of third persons.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 30fi) "for the relief of James
Erwin, of Arkansas, and others." <
Mr. LETCHER. Read the report. j
Mr. BALL. This is a Senate bill which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
committee unanimously agreed to recommend its
passage. There is, however, no written report. :
There was a report presented to the Senate by 1
.Mr. Brown, Chairman of the Committee on In- ;
dian Affairs; and if this v.-ill satisfy the gentleman !
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] I ask that it be
read.
Mr. LETCHER. That is what I wish to hear.
The report was read.
Mr. LETCHER then objected to the bill, and
it was passed over.
House bill (No. 369) " for indemnifying Moses
D. Hogan for cattle destroyed by the Indians in
1842."
Mr. JONES, of New York. I have strong
doubts of the propriety of that bill, and 1 there-
fore object to it.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
Senate bill (No. 136) " for the relief of William
Senna Factor."
The bill, which was read, is as follows:
Be it enacted, $c., That Ihe sum of $3,707 be paid to
William Senria Factor, out 01 any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, as indemnity in lull for prop
ertv of Rose Factor, destroyed by order of the American
odicers of the United Slates Army, in the Seminole war of t
1*-3G, and for property t,ik.cn by such officers lor public use
in said war: Provided, That the Secretary of the Inteuor
shall fii ft be satisfied that said Willi am Senna Factor is the
legal representative of Rose Factor, deceased.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs recommended the following amendment:
Strike out " $3,707" and insert in lieu thereof $2,000."
The repoit was then read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to further amend
the bill by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That the sum herein mentioned shall be re-
ceived in full of all claims against the Government for the
matters specified in tins hill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 62) "for the relief of Richard
M. Bouton, George Wright, and the widow of
Marvin W. Fisher."
The bill directs the payment to Richard M.
Bouton, George Wright, and to Harriet F. Fisher,
the widow and executrix of Marvin W. Fisher,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $5,000 each, as a full
compensation for the past use of their machines
for making and charging percussion caps, in the
arsenals of the United States, and also for the fu-
ture free and undisturoed use by the Government
of the said machines, together with the patent-
right or rights to the said machines, with their
improvements.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will allow the report in the case to
be read. It is a case of extraordinary merit.
Mr. SMITH. 1 will withdraw my objection
for that purpose.
The report was read, from which it appears
that Mr. Richard Bouton, m January, 1842, at
the request of the commanding officer of the
Wntervliet arsenal, New York, applied himself to
the invention of a machine for making percussion
caps. After some years of unremitting labor, he
succeeded in constructing one which has been in
successful operation since the year 1845, at the
Watervliet arsenal, and at the arsenal in the navy-
yard in this city. For the light and use of this
discovery, however, there are two other competi-
tors, Marvin W. Fisher and George Wright, for
each of whose machines merit is claimed equal to
Bouton'a. Each of the claimants, at the time of
the invention of their machines, were employed
in the public service, and each claim bounty for
the use of their inventions by the Government.
Mr. LETCHER. When were these patents
granted ?
Mr. TAYLOR. That of Mr. Bouton was
granted ten years ago, and has been used ever
since by the Government of the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. How with the others?
Mr. TAYLOR. There have been favorable
reports on this case for the last ten years.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object? .
Mr. LETCHER. I do, unless there be some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. If allowed, I can satisfy
the gentleman of the justice of the bill in a very
few words.
Mr. LETCHER. When were these patents
granted ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Some years ago.
Mr. LETCHER. How long ago ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Nearly ten years ago.
Mr. LETCHER. Have these patents ex-
pired?
Mr. CHANDLER. They have not.
Mr. LETCHER. When dojhey expire?
Mr. CHANDLER. Sevemtffersons invented
an improved methed of charging percussion caps,
and Mr. Wright ingeniously combined the several
improvements, so as to cause a great saving to the
country. The Government uses these inventions
now, and without paying for them. The bill
only appropriates $5,000 to Bouton, Wright, and
the widow of Fisher. I was a member of the
committee which first reported on this claim, and
we reported a larger amount than is provided for
in this bill. *
Mr. HOWE. I reported this bill, and, with the
permission of the committee, will say a word or
two.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to all debate.
The CHAIRMAN.- Is there objection to the
bill?
Mr. HOWE. I will refrain from saying any-
thing, and hope that there may be no objection to
the bill.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 371) " for the relief of Lieuten-
ant GeorgeH. Paige, of the United States Army."
The bill, which was read,authorizes arid di-
rects the proper accounting officer of the United
States Treasury to allow and credit to Lieutenant
George H. Paige $62,23, the amount paid by him
to one Philips, a private in the United States Army,
for services as an auctioneer, in June, 1849.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Joint resolution of the House (No. 25) " for the
relief of Captain J. H. Lendrum, of the United
States Army."
The bill, which was read in extenso, authorizes
and directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to settle the accounts of Brevet Captain
J. H. Lendrum, of the United States Army, and
to credit him with $2,970 14, moneysdisbursed by
him out of themoneys of the quartermasters' fund,
and |3,575 96, moneys disbursed by him out of,
the moneys belonging to the civil fund of Califor-
nia, the vouchers for which were lost and de-
stroyed by reason of the lire in the city of San
Francisco, May 4, 1850.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 114) " forthe relief of Thomas
Pember."
Mr. ORR. That bill has been reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, and 1 therefore
object to it.
Senate bill (No. 115) " for the relief of Sam-
uel Mickum."
Mr. ORR. I object to this bill for the same
reason that I objected to Senate bill No. 114.
Seriate bill (No. 183) "forthe relief of passed
midshipmen George P. Welsh and Clark H.
Wells."
The bill, which was read in extensn, authorizes
and directs the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury to pav to Passed Midshipman George
P. Welsh $341' 66, and to Passed Midshipman
Clark H. Wells ยง342 93. out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 30) " for the relief of Thomas
Mars ton Taylor."
The bill and report were read.
Mr. LETCHER. I-propose to amend thebill
by striking out all that portion of it which relates
to lawyers' fees and costs.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object to thebill.
The bill was therefore passed over.
Senate bill (No. 31) " for the relief of Purser
Francis B. Stockton." [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
Senate bill (No. 113) " for the relief of the
