1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861;
widows and orphans of the officers and seamen of
the United States schooner Grampus, who were
lost in that vessel, in March, 1843, near the coast
of the United States."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
same provision as is made by the act entitled
" An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines, of the brig
Somers," approved August 14, 1848, and an act
for the relief of the widows and relatives of certain
officers and seamen of the United States brig
Washington, who were lost overboard in a hur-
ricane, approved February 3, 1853, be also ex-
tended to the widows and orphans of the officers
and seamen who were lost m the United States
schooner Grampus, in the gale of March, 1843,
near the coast of the United States. >.
No objection being made, the bill Was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 275) " for thSrelief of Andrew
J. Dickerhoff."
The bill, which was read, provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior be directed to place the name
of Andrew J. Dickerhoff on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, and payhim annually apension ofninety-
six dollars, to commence January 1, 1850, and
continue during his life.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. 373)" to provide a pension for
Oliver Brown, of Chemung county, New York."
The bill, which was read, provides that Oliver
Brown, of the county of Chemung, in the State of
New York, be placed upon the pension roll,at the
rate of four dollars per month, from March 1,
1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 374) " to provide a pension for
Edmund Mitchell, of Carroll county, in the State
of Kentucky."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
name of Ednftind Mitchell, of Carroll county, in
the State of Kentucky, be placed upon the pen-
sion roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence March 1,1854.
The bill was laid aside to^be reported to the
Hqpse, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 376) "for the relief of James
Butler."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to place the
name of James Butler upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence January 1, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do p&ss.
House bill (No. 377) "for the relief of John H.
Hicks, of Indiana."
The bill, which was read, provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior be instructed to place the name .
of John H. Hicks, of Indiana, upon the list of in-
valid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from January 1, 1853, and to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 378) "for the relief of John
Brown, second, of New Hampshire."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Brown, second, of the
State of New Hampshire, on the roll of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence February 9,1852, to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 379) "for the relief of Mrs.
Anna W. Angus, widow of -the late Captain An-
gus, United States Navy."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
continue the pension granted to Anna W, Angus,
widow of the late Captain Samuel Angus, of the
United States Navy, by an act of Congress passed
March 4, 1849, to the further term of five years
from the expiration of said act.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 380) " for the relief of Betsey
Nash."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
plae the name of Betsey Nash, of Stockbndge, m
the county of Madison,State of New York, upon
the list of half pay pensioners, as the widow of
Doctor Sylvester Nash, at the rate of twenty-two
dollars per month, for five years, to commence
January 1, 1854.
This bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 381) "forthe relief of Thomas
Ellis."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Thomas Ellis, of Platte county,
in the state of Illinois, upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from May 11, 1852, during his lite.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 382) " for the relief of Char-
lotte S. Westcott."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Charlotte S. Westcott upon the
pension rolls, and cause to be paid to her the sum
of twenty dollars per month, for the term of ten
years, commencing January 1, 1854; provided,
that in case of the marriage or death of the said
Charlotte S. Westcott, the pension hereby granted
shall be paid to her two children, or the survivor
of them.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 383) " for the relief of Thomas
Bronough."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
increase the pension of Thomas Bronough, who
is now on the roils at four dollars, to the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence January 1,
1S54.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 384) " For the relief of Anna
E. Cook."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Anna E. Cook on the pension
rolls at the rate of fifteen dollars per month for five
years, commencing January 1, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 385) " for the relief of Abra-
ham Ausman."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
increase the pension of Abraham Ausman, whose
name is now on the rolls at six dollars, to the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence January
1, 1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 133) " for the relief of Lavina
Taylor."
The bill directs the Secretary of theTreasury to
pay to Lavina Taylor, widow of the late Isaac
Taylor, a private in the Army of the United States,
a sum equal to five years pay of her said husband,"
at the rate to which he was entitled at the time of
his death, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 387) " for the relief of Fran-
cis Petit Smith." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
New York. ]
Mr. BRIDGES. If the gentleman will allow
the report to be read, I am sure that he will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. JONES. 1 am opposed to the extension
of patents by Congress under any circumstances.
Mr. BRIDGES. Under any circumstances?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; but at the same time
let me say, that I would be willing to confer on the
Commissioner of Patents power to do in such
matters what, in his judgment, justice dictated.
House bill (No. 388) " for the relief of Titian
R. Peale."
The bill, which was read in extenso, authorizes
and directs the payment of $1,782 20 to Titian R.
Peale, of Philadelphia, or his legal representative,
in full payment for the losses which he sustained of
his private property when wrecked in the United
States ship Peacock, at the mouth of the Colum-
bia river.
It appears from the report of the committee,
which was also read, that Mr. Peale was appointed
by the Navy Department on the 28th of Decem-
ber, 1836, a member of the scientific corps to be
attached to the South Sea surveying and exploring
expedition, organized under the act of Congress of
the 18th of January, 1836. He performed con?
stant and valuable service during the expedition)
and was on board the United States ship Peacock
when she proceeded to the northwest coast of
America. On the 18th of July, 1841, that vessel
was entirely lost in endeavoring to enter the mouth
of the Columbia river, the officers and crew having
scarcely time to escape with their lives, and being
unable to save anything from the wreck. Mr.
Peale, upon this occasion, lost all his personal
eflfcts—his books and instruments, and a large
number of articles which he had collected in his
department, and which it would be difficult to re-
place. But, notwithstanding the calamity, he was
enabled, by the exertions of the commanding offi-
cer, Captain Hudson, and his own strenuou^j
efforts, to replace, at extravagant prices, and as
far as practicable from his own funds, such arti-
cles as were indispensably necessary for the com-
pletion of the contemplated surveys of the coun-
try, and was thus enabled to continue his useful-
ness to the expedition; and, with others of the
scientific corps, traversed over a large portion of
Oregon and Upper California, thereby adding
much to the information of those countries which
we now possess. , -
Mr. SMITH, of Virafcia. I do not like to
object to this bill, but 1 should beglad to hear some
reason why the United States should be made an
insurer in these cases.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will reply to the gentle-
man, with the consent of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion can only pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
Mr. SMITH. I do not objectto the bill, being
privately assured by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that it is all right.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 389) " for the relief of Sylves-
ter Humphrey, and the heirs of Alexander Hum-
phrey, deceased."
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the Searetary of the Treasury to pay to Sylvester
Humphrey and the heirs of Alexander Hum-
phrey, deceased, $2,500—one moiety thereof to
Sylvester Humphrey, and the other moiety to the
heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased—for re-
building the wharf at Staten Island after it had
been destroyed by the storm of September 3,1821.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate biil (No. 143) " for the compensation of
James W. Low and others, for the capture of the
British private armed schooner Ann, during the
late war with Great Britain."
The bill was read.
It authorises and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to James W. Low, William
Dnskill,   Southeiiand, and   Stenchen,
alias Michael Whitehouse, or to such persons as
may be legally authorized to receive the same, as
heirs or legal representatives, the sum of |2,570 30,
, that being the amount paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and placed to the account of
i fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in consequence of
; a suit entitled "The United States vs. the schooner
Ann and cargo,"in the district court of Maine, De-
cember, 1814, the said schooner having been risen
upon and captured by the aforesaid named persons
from the British, and delivered to the proper author-
ities of the United States, in the State of Maine.
Such sum is provided to be paid to the said James
W. Low and his associates aforesaid, their heirs or
assigns, in the following proportions, to wit: to
the said James W. Low, for having planned the
enterprise and directed the capture of the vessel,
as first officer of the prize, eight parts; to William
Driskill, as second or assistant officer, four parts;
and to Southerland and Stenchen, as seamen or
sailors, two parts each.
The second section of the bill provides that it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury,
immediately after the passage of the act, to give
public notice thereof, by advertisement for three
months, in such newspapers as he shall think will
be most likely to give proper information to the
