1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
reports of the proceedings of the Senate, itappears
that this claim of citizens, who were wronged
by their property being taken by the Indians, was
brought forward in the Senate, on the 3d of March,
1853, the last day of the session; and I suspect
it will be ascertained that it was towards theclose
of the proceedings of that day, which terminated
the session of Congress, when no friend of the
claim thought it was proper to urge it. They saw
that if it was debated and any exception was taken
to it, it was likely that it would be killed for the
purpose of getting it out of the way. I think I
have an impression myself that I advised the
friends of the proposition not to urge it upon such
an occasion, when it was possible and mostlikely
that it would be voted down merely to get it out of
the way of business of more importance. They
acquiesced in it, and the question was made, and
the decision as to the point of order was arrived
at, upon very little debate.
But, Mr. President, I ask the attention of the
honorable Senator from Virginia to the fact which
I now state, that this question was settled after
great deliberation—perhaps after an enure day's
debate—at the preceding session, or one or two
sessions preceding, when we had ample time to
consider it, when there was no hurry of the busi-
ness before Congress, when it was not at the close
of the session, and the debate, if the honorable
Senator will refer to it, will be found to have
been very full upon the whole question. The
Senate, then, deliberately decided that it was not
excluded by the rule which is relied upon now to I
reject the claim. Now, ought a precedent, estab-
lished at the very heel of a session, on the last
day, and very probably within the last two or
three hours of the session, when no friend of the
bill would think seriously of debating the ques-
tion, or insisting upon it at such an hour, be con-
sidered as overruling the deliberate, solemn ex-
pression of the sense of the Senate at the pre-
ceding session ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that, on referring to the Globe, he will
find that there was a debate upon it at the last
session. jm
Mr. BELL. But I say it was a very sligHT'de-
bate. The Senator will find, however, that there
was a more full and elaborate discussion upon it
on a former occasion. I have the impression on
my mind, that I advised the friends of it not to
press it at the last session.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It was proposed at ten
o'clock at night.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator from Ala-
bama says that it was proposed at ten o'clock at
night; and how many appropriation bills had yet
to be acted upon? The most of them, and the
most important of them. I would have regarded
it as imprudent to have pressed such a claim at
such an hour.
But what I mean by pressing the consideration
of the fact, that there was a deliberate, solemn vote
of the Senate settling this much controverted
question at a former session, is to show that it
was decided not to be excluded by the rule^ which
is relied upon by the Senator from Virginia. In
that former debate, when the Senate took it up
seriatim, and all the considerations which seemed
to be due to it on both sides were presented, the
. intercourse law, relied upon by the Senator fiom
Georgia, will be found to have been relied upon;
but more strenuously the act or joint resolution of
1837, was relied upon. What was that but an
existing law of the country which had never been
complied with? By a joint resolution or act
passed by the two Houses, the President was au-
thorized and required to appoint commissioners
to go into the country, where they could have ac-
cess to the witnesses, where they could be on the
spot, where they would be able to eviscerate the
truth connected with the infliction of Indian dep-
redations upon settlers in that country. I believe
there were three commissioners, and they went
there, and after a most laborious investigation of
the facts on which each one separately was
founded, they reported a balance. I do not re-
member what that balance was. If my recollec-
tion is right upon the subject, there was a large
amount of claims struck out altogether.
Mr. TOOMBS. Seven hundred thousand dol-
lars. .
Mr. BELL. Nearly §700,000. I mean that of
the claims set up for damages, $600,000 or $ < 00,000
were stricken out. I had an idea that they were
greatly beyond the present amount. Will any
gentleman say that that is not an existing law of
the land? Congress, in 1837, felt the sense of
obligation imposed by the intercourse act of 1834;
and the only question was, how Congress could
ever be satisfied that the amount ought really to
be allowed to the claimants. They resorted to the
method of appointing commissioners to go into
the territory, and see what really could be hon-
estly claimed by the claimants. They reported,
after a most thorough investigation. They re-
duced the amount which was claimed; and the
sole act left on the part of Congress to fulfill the
obligation under which the Government lay in
respect to the claims was to make the appropria-
tion.
The claims were recognized by the Executive
authority. The report was transmitted by the
Executive, in compliance with the resolution or
act of 1837. It was submitted to Congress—for
.what? For an appropriation to pay the amount
found due by the Commissioners. Was not that
an existing obligation and law,as complete as any
other? It is nota vagueand indefinite claim upon
the Government, ltis aclaim settled by the Gov-
ernment officers—by the commissioners, who
stood in the place of the Auditor of tlieTreasury.
They were special auditors. They went into that
country to audit the claims, and they reported
them to Congress, for the fulfillment of the obli-
gation of the Government for their payment. I
say that it is an obligation on the part of Con-
gress. The claims were audited, and the balance
was struck and presented. A large amount of
claims, which were regularly presented, were
stricken out; and a balance was presented, which
they say is a fair, and honest,and settled account ]
under an existing law. Independently of the de-
cision which took place, at a former session, upon
a deliberate consideration of the whole question,
I think we might adjudicate now in favor of the
amendment. We have a decision saying that it
comes within the rule, and we have another decis-
ion going against that opinion. But tocomeback
to the original ground on which the claim stands:
it is based on an existing law and obligation on
the part of the Government. As to the precedent
set at ten o'clock at night, on the last day of the
session, I am satisfied, from my own recollection,
as well as the statements of other gentlemen, that
decision was arrived at because the friends of the
claim did not think proper to press it.
Mr. CHASE. I know something of the history
of this claim, because it is one which attracted
my attention when it was first presented. The
Senator from Tennessee is right in saying that an
elaborate discussion was had upon it when it was
first moved by him, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. It was discussed fully; and was
then, after a full discussion, rejected by the Senate
upon its merits. It was next prpsented as an
amendment to one of the appropriation bills by
the Senator from Alabama, who is not now a
member of the Senate, [Mr. Clemens.] It was
then objected to as a private claim. The Chair
•—the late venerated Vice President, [Mr. King]—
submitted that question to the Senate, and the
Senate decided that it was a private claim. The
Chair did not decide, one way or the other, on
that occasion.
Subsequently, at the last session of Congress,
it was agam moved from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and then the decision took place which
has been referred to by the Senator from Virginia.
There was a discussion upon the question, whether
or not it was a private claim. It was insisted, 1
think, by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] that it was decided not to be in order on the
previous occasion, because it was moved by a gen-
tleman not a member of a standing committee.
It was urged, however, by others, in debate, that
it was a private claim, whether so moved or not
on the previous occasion; and now, although
moved by a member of a standing committee, the
Committee on Indian Affairs, it fell within the
rule of the Senate, and must, therefore, be ad-
judged to be out of order, because it is a private
claim. . ,
The Senator then temporarily occupying the
chair, the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
expressed the opinion that it was not within the
rule An appeal was taken by the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] from that decision; and
upon that appeal the Senate decided the claim not
to be in order. ' v-
•That is the history of this affair, so far as the
votes of the Senate go; and it is strictly correct,
as 1 believe. I do not know that any discussion
upon the merits of the amendment is now in order.
I suppose it is not. Indeed, I suppose this
whole discussion is out of order, because I take
it, as the question has been submitted to the Chair,
it ought to be decided by him without debate; and
after that, discussion may arise upon an appeal.
Mr. BELL. Does the Senator from Ohio say
that there was not a decision in its favor?
Mr. CHASE. Not that I am aware of. My
recollection is—and I think it will be confirmed by
the proceedings in the Globe—that when it was
originally presented by the Senatorfrom Tennes-
see, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, the
question was not raised. No objection was made
to it. But a discussion arose, which was pro-
tracted to great length, and which resulted in a
decision upon the merits.
Mr. BELL. It may be necessary, before the
Chair is called upon to make a decision, to recur
to the original decision. My memory is not very
good; but I think the Senator from Ohio is greatly
mistaken.
Mr. CHASE. I am confident I am right.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I had not the honor of
voting upon this question in 1852; 1 was, how-
ever, here at the close of the last session, and I
concur with all that is said by the Senator from
Tennessee in relation to the hour at which this
claim was brought forward, and the unfavorable
auspices under which it came before the Senate.
As far as the merits of the question are concerned
—as the Senator from Ohio has alluded to them—
I will not undertake to discuss them; but I shall
be excused for saying that, at the proper time, I
will demonstrate to the Senate that the case is a
meritorious one; and that, when thoroughly inves-
tigated, it will commend itself to the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate. I recollect the hour
when it was brought before the Senate at the last
session; and I know it was late at night, after the
Senate had had a very protracted sitting; and 1
know the impatience and restlessness which were
incident to the introduction of the matter when it
was presented to the consideration of the Senate.
If this question had received the deliberate atten-
tion of the Senate, and the rule had been determ-
ined in conformity with the decisions at the close
of the last session, I am the last man upon this
floor to undertake to say anything against a rule
as settled by the deliberate act of the body; but
my recollection is distinct that that rule was dis-
cussed hurriedly, and did not receive that atten-
tion which the merits of the case under consider-
ation demanded. Perhaps the rule was referred
to. Perhaps something was incidentally said
. about the decision on the previous occasion; but
i it was not listened to with that attention which it
j ought to receive in the mind of every Senator. I
I must be excused for saying that it wijs not debated
! at any length, as every Senator who was then
! here can testify. The rule under which the point
| of order is raised is this:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
< be received to any gcneial appropriation bill, unless it be
' made to carry Ml the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of .a standing
committee ot the Senate, or in puisuanec of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; and noairielld-
inent shall be received whose object is to provide for a
private claim, although Ihe same may have been previously
s.aiiciioue<l by ihe Senate."
Look at the language of this rule. It says, that
" no amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to carry out the provisions
of some existing law." R'efer to the history of
this case; and I ask you if it is not brought before
the Senate under an existing la w ? After the out-
break of Indian- hostilities in 1836, this matter at-
tracted the attention of Congress, which author-
ized the President to appoint three commissioners
to visit the seatof war, and to ascertain the extent
of the damages and depredations committed upon
the individuals inhabiting that portion of the
country. The commissioners went there, and
made an elaborate report, setting forth the extent
of the depredations. When they returned, it was
submitted to the President of the United States,
and then communicated to Congress. If this be
