THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 22,
persons so entitled, to apply for their respective
shares; and if, after the expiration of six months
from the passage of the act", any of the said claim-
ants, or their heirs or legal representatives, shall,
not have applied for their respective proportions
of the sum thereby appropriated, the same shall
be paid to such as shall have applied within that
period, pro rata, according to their relative pro-
portions as aforesaid, or to their heirs or assigns
respectively, provided that any one or more of
said claimants may apply for their own propor-
tions in the first instance, at any time after the
passage of the act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i want to hear
the report read.
The report wa« accordingly read.
No objection being; made, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
House hill (No. 393) " for the relief of Jacob
jMftLeNnn."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury cause to be psid to
Jacob McLellan, his heirs or assigns, $450; it
being part of a penalty imposed upon the ship
George Turner, and paid by the said McLellan,
in December, 1851, for an alleged violation of the
laws of the United States restricting the number
of passengers in merchant vessels.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
House bill (No. 394#' for the relief of Nathaniel
Goddard and others." [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
Senate resolution (No. 8) "for the relief of the
owners of the steamer Fanny." [Objected toby
Mr. Miixson.]
House bill (No. 396) " for the relief of Charles
I. "Davis, administrator of Captain John Davis, an
officer m the war of the Revolution."
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay Charles I. Davis, administrator of Captain
John Davis, an officer of the Revolution in the
Pennsylvania line on the Continental establish-
ment, five years' full pay of a captain in such ser-
vice, being- the commutation of half-pay for life
promised by the resolves of Congress to such
officers as should serve to the end of the war, to
be paid to said administrator, for the use of the
heirs of said Captain John Davis.
The second section requires the Secretary of
War to issue to the heirs of Captain John Davis,
late a captain in the ninth regiment Pennsylvania
line on the Continental establishment, a land war-
rant for three hundied acres of military bounty
lands, a a and for the lands to which the said John
Dnvis was, while in full life, entitled, for and on
account of the services rendered by him in the war
of the Revolution; and that the same mny be located
on any vacant or unlocated lauds appropriated by
Congress for the purpose.
The report was read. The claim is based upon
commutation and bounty land promised to certain
officers of the Army of the Revolution who should
serve until the end of the war. The proof is con-
clusive that Captain John Davis did serve until
the close of the war.
There is no evidence that Captain Davis ever
applied for or received his commutation or bounty
land. He was a highly respectable man, and his
pecuniary circumstances were such as not to make
it necessary for him to avail himself of the pro-
visions made by his country for those who, like
himself, had served her.m her hour of need; and,
with a feeling of patriotic independence, he ab-
siainui trom making the claim during his lifetime,
lie had man led a daughter of John Morton, one
of the si^neiH of the Declaration of j mlependenee,
and was for many years an associate judge of the
courts in Chester county, Pennsylvania. After
his death, which took place about the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1827, his family became reduced in their
pecuniary condition,ami now feel justified m call-
ing lor what is justly due from the Government.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 222) "for the relief of John
S. Wilson."
The bill, which was read, authoi izes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay John S.
Wileon £800, with intfrp.n thereon, at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, from May 17, 1^22, m
full compensation f'oi the damaKessnstatned by his
being evicted of hio title, derived by patent from
the United States, to the east half of section twen-
ty-two and west half of section twenty-three, in
township fifty-two north, of range one east, of the
fifth principal meridian, in the State of Missouri,
by the decree of the Supreme Court of the United
States in favor of the devisees of Auguste Chou-
teau, at the January term, in 1835.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 397) " for the relief of Mrs.
Mary A. N. Jones." [Objected to by Mr. Mc-
Mullin.]
Senate bill (No. 229) *Vor the relief of Thomas
S. Russell."
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the proper aacountmg officers of the Treasury to
audit the account of Thomas S. Russell, late an
assistant commissary of subsistence in Colonel
Brisbane's regiment of Florida volunteers, and
to pay whatever amount may be found due to
him, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, notwithstanding the irregu-
larly of his appointment, and although his name
does not appear upon the rolls as one of the staff
of Colonel Brisbane; provided, the amount shall
not exceed the pay of an • assistant commissary
of subsistence from February 18, 1836, to May
10, 183(3.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLlN. i withdraw the objection
which T made to House bill No. 397.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 object to going
back.
The CHAIRMAN. That is equivalent to ob-
jection to the bill.
Mr. JONES. Very well.
Senate bill (No. 308) "for the relief of A. G.
Bennett." [Oojected to by Mr. Davis, of Indi-
ana.]
House bill (No. 401) "to provide for three
months' extra pay to the third regiment of Mis-
souri volunteers." [Objected to by Mr. Gid-
DINCtS . J
House bill (No. 402) u for the relief of Charles
H. Wilsfus."
The bill was read.
It authorizes and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Charles H. Wilgus, "the sum
of $1,762, in full for all property belonging to
him and his wife, that was taken, used, or dam-
aged, and for all depredations committed on him
by the American troops while at Tampico, during
the late war with Mexico.
The bill was latd aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 144) " for the relief of Purser
T. P. McBlair."
The bill was read.
Jt directs the accounting officers of the Treasury,
in adjusting the accounts of Purser T. P. JV1 c.Blair,
'to allow him the several sums paid by him as
purser of the United States steamer Princeton, to
William Taylor,acting boatswain,to John Coale,
acting carpenter, and to Armstrong Flomerfeit,
acting sailmaker, who were employed on said
steamer by the commanding officer thereof, by
authority from the Secieiaryof the Navy, and
which said sums were disallowed by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, for the reason that
the said persons to whom the payments were
made were not included in the number permitted
by law, of officers of the grades to which they i
were respectively appointed. \
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass. :
Senate bill (No. 35) "for the relief of M. K. !
Warrington anu C. St. J. Chubb, executors of I
Captain Lewis Warrington, and others." [Ob- j
jecteu to by Mr. Letcher.] !
Senate bill (No. 22t) " for the relief of the rep- 1
resentauves of Joseph Watson, deceased." !
The h'll, which was read, provides that the i
Sohcitorof theTmisury be, and he is hereby, au- |
thonzed and duected to cause to be executed, on ;
the part of the United States, a full release and 1
acquittance of the claim against Joseph Watson, j
as one of the sureties of Henry AshtonTate m?r- i
shal of the District of Columbia, and that the
property in the city of Washington, at present \
held in trust as secuuty for the payment of said (
claim, be reconveyed to his legal representatives
free, and discharged from all such incumbrance;
provided, that they release the chum against the
United States for services rendered by Joseph
Watson, as Indian agent in the Territory of
Michigan.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have reported the following amend-
ment: strike out tne word "Indian agent," and
insert in lieu thereof the words "superintendent of
the Indian department and storekeeper."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 14G) " for the relief of Samuel
H. Hempstead."
The billjpnch was read, provides that $1,800
be appropriated out of any money in theTieasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay Samuel H.
Hempstead for $&tra services rendered by him m
defending the title of the United States to certain
lands situated in the State of Aikansas.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate biil (No. 300) " for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
Senate bill (No. 3fi5) "for the relief of John
W. Kelly."
The bill directs the Postmaster General to have
the accounts of John W. Kelly, late a contractor
on route iNo. 3,540, fiom Bambruige, Georgia, to
Appalachicolu, Florida, audited and settled by the
proper accounting officers, and to allow the said
John W. Kelly the contract price stipulated to be
paid mm, to wit: the sum of £>2,400 per annum,
from September 21, 1652, to June 30, 1855, the
day on winch Ins contract would have expired,
deducting therefrom the payments heretofore
made the said John W.Kelly on account thereof;
and the sum, when so ascertained and paid, shall
be in full of all claims which the said'John W.
Kelly may have for damages in consequence of
the annulment of his said contract %n the 21st of
Febi uaiy, 1853, by the Post Office Department.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate joint resolution (No. 19) " for the re-
lief of Rebecca BuTdsall." [Objected to by J$r.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
Joint resolution of the House (No. 26) " for
the settlement of the claim of Don Juan Jesus
Vigil, of New Mexico,"
The resolution authorizes and directs the Sec-
retary of War to cause to be audited the claim of
Don Juan Jesus Vigil, for a flock of sheep seized
from him by a detachment of troops in the service
of the United States in the month of January,
1847; and to make compensation to him for so
many of said sheep as may have been used by
said troops, or were lost to the owner in conse-
quence of said seizure; provided that the whole
amount of compensation allowed shall not exceed
#9,000, and that the justice and equity of the al-
lowance be established to the satisfaction of the
auditing officer and the Secretary of War; and
the amount so allowed shall be paid out of any
money in theTreasury nototherwiseappropriafed.
There was no objection; and the joint resolu-
tion ivas laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation th&t it do pass.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the committee
do now rise.
[Cnes of "No! This is the last day we shall
have for the consideration of private bills !"]
Mr BRIDGES. 1 withdraw the motion to rise,
as that seems to be the general desire.
House bill (No. 407)" to remit the duties upon
certain goods destroyed by fire in the cities of
New York and San ,Francisco."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a motion
pending in the House to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was refened to this committee, and
1 presume that, under the circumstances, we can-
not take action on it.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be passed over.
Mr. JONES. By unanimous consent of the
committee, 1 will withdraw the objection which I
made to Senate resolution No. 19, for the relief of
Rebecca J. Burdsall.
The CHAIRMAN". If there be no objection,
