298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
of patent, so as to enable him to establish a man-
ufactory of patent Portland stone and hydraulic
cement; which was ordered to he upon the table.
Mr. TRACY, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent OiFtce, reported back Senate bill
" for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Has-
call," without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The-bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MACE, it was
Orde-.ed, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the luriher consideration of the petition of John S.
Simonson, and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Military Aftairs.
Mr. EDGERTQN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back Senate bills of the following
titles, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that they do pays:
. No. 125. "A bill for the relief of Ezra Wil-
liams;"
No. 90. " A bill for the relief of Charles Cooper
dnd Company;" and
.No. 91. "A bill for the relief of James Dun-
ning."
The bills were severally referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the same committee,
reported back Senate hill (No. 86) " for the relief
of John Boyd, of Louisiana," with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
The bill was ordered to he upon the table.
Mr. READY, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed:
" A bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson,
of the Territory of New Mexico."
Mr. LETCHER, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report in the case of
William H. Topping; which was ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed:
'* A bill for the relief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee, deceased."
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed:
" A bill authorizing the purchase or construc-
tion of four additional revenue cutters, and for
other purposes."
He also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 339) entitled "An act for the
relief of Charles A. Kellet," tfith the recommend-
ation that it do pass; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow., and ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported back
Senate bill entitled "An act to provide for the es-
tablishment of a marine hospital at St. Marks, in
the State of Florida," with the recommendation
that u do pa.<s; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be punted.
Mr. W ARREN, from theCommittee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill entitled "A bill
granting lands in alternate sections to the State of
Arkansas to aid in the construction of the Missis-
sippi, Ouichita, and lied River railroad," with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the amendment,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER, fioui the Committee on Public
Lands, leporred a bill; which was read a fust and •
second time by it.j titie, referred to a Committee 1
of the Whole House, made the order of the day ,
for to-morrow, and, with the report, ordered to :
be printed: I
"A bill for the relief of Joseph Mitchell." j
On motion by Mr. HIESTER, it was !
Ordered. That the Committee on Public Land-; be <h«- 1
chatged from the further consideration of the petition of i
Charles Simmons, oi Madison county. New York, for an
invalid pension, and that it do lie upon the tablfc.
On motion by Mi. HIESTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
chdigedi'rom th-j further consideration of the petition of fifty-
one citizens of Venice, Washington county, Pennsylvania,
praying a grant ot one hundred and sixty acies ot land to
actual settlers, to be located in the Territory of Nebia&ka,
and that it lie upon the table.
Mr. H. stated that the homestead bill, which
had been reported, covered the whole subject.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back withoutamendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, "A bill to
grant certain privileges to the trustees of the Uni-
versity of the Pacific, situated in the county of
Santa Clara, State of California;" which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the accompanying papers,
ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION TO THE-MAILS ON RAILROADS.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported " A bill to secure
the safe transmission of the mails of the United
States upon railroads;" which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say, in reference to this
bill, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Packer,] a member of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, desires to make a minority
report. He has not yet prepared his report. The
friends of the bill are anxious to put it upon its
passage. It is in reference to the passage of the
mail through Erie at the present time, f am not
particularly anxious about it one way or the other.
I leave it to the House to dispose of.
At the request of Mr. Taylor, of Ohio, the
bill was read through.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. It is mani-
fest that the power of this House, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, to enact this bill
will come up for discussion. It is desirable, there-
fore, to have the hill printed, so that members may
have an opportunity of examining it.
Mr. OLDS. 1 would say with reference to the
bill, that the committee have endeavored to avoid
anything which could bring the United States
courts into collision with the Pennsylvania courts.
I am not, however, disposed to debate the bill to-
day.
Mr. MAY. I move to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay it
on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. IIIESTER. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
Several Members. I object.
The SPEAKER. The state of the case is this:
The bill has been read a second time; the leading
question is on laying it on the table, and there is
a motion pending to commit the bill. If both
these motions are voted down, the House will
proceed to vote on ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. M1LLSON. I should like to know if the
first rendmg of a bill is not always for informa-
tion, and if it is ever to be considered that the bill
is read twice till u is read entirely the first time'
because the rule requires a first reading for inform-
ation, though that is very often disreguided in
practice.
The SPEAKER. The universal practice is to
read n first and second time by the title merely.
Mr. MILLSON. But that is always when
there is no intention to press the bill to a vote.
The rule requires that the bill be read a first time
for information. 1 submit that this bill should be
read again.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read en-
tirely through, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hiester] asks that it be read again.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
' The question was put on the reading of the bill
again, and it was agreed to.
The Clerk again read the bill in extenso.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, it was put, and there were
—yeas 57, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barry, Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Biook>, Cai-kte, Chandler, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, Cuius,
Dawson, Dick, Dowdell, Dium, Everhart, Ewmg, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goode, Hamilton, Sampson W.wHarri=,
Hibbaid, Jhester, Houston, Howe, George W. Jones,
Kurtz, Lane, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McMullin, Mc-
Nair, McQueen, Maxwell, Middle<swarth, Hmith Miller,
Millson, Orr, Packer, Powell, Pratt, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Robbing, Ruffin, Russell, Sabm, Shaw, Skelton,Snuilgra8s,
Straub, Trout, Vail, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Benson, Benton, Bissell,
Boyce, Bugg, Campbell. Carpenter, Caiuthers, Chamber-
lain, Cnastain, Claik, 'CJmgman, Cobb, Cook. Corwin,
Crocker, Cullom, Cummmg, Cutting, John G. Davis,
Dean, Dent, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmands, Ellison, Etheridge, Farley, Fen-
ton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron
Harlan, Wiley P. Harus, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Hen-
dricks, lfill, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Latham, Lmdsiley, Mace, Macy,
Matteson, Maurice, Mayall, John G. Miller, Morgan, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Morde-
cai Oliver, Parker, Peckham, Phelps, Preston, Pringle,
Puryuar, Ready, Reuse, Thomas RUchey, Sage, Sapp, Sew-
aid, Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Gerrit Smith, George W.
Smyth, Sellers, Frederick P.Stanton,Richard H.Stanton,
Hcstor Li. Stevens, Stiatton, Andrew Sluart, John J. Tay-
lor, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Upham,
Vansant, Wade, Walhridge, Walker, Warren, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and
Yates—lOo.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the bill be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now pending.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is upon the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I called for the previous
question before the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Taylor] rose. Gentlemen all around me heard
the call.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Alabama recognized by the Chair as having the
floor ?
Mr. HOUSTON. In the confusion I cannot
tell when I am recognized. I arose and addressed
the Speaker, and called the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
call, and the gentleman from Ohio is upon the
floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to occupy the floor but
a moment. I think this bill ia one the necessity
for which has attracted the attention of the House,
and it ought to be passed upon immediately. We
have had the bill read twice. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, states to
me that his health is such that he is not able to
make the statements he desired, to show the ne-
cessity of passing the bill. It is well known to
eveiy gentleman upon this floor that the mails of
the United States have been, and are now, fre-
quently obstructed, aud that there is no law of
Congress to punish any obstructions to the United
Stater mails upon railroads which have been made
post road A>y act of Congress^
Now, if a committee of this House has fully ex-
amined this subject—as this Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has done—and if they re-
port to this House that there is an absolute neces-
sity for such a bill as this, it is oneof our highest
duties to act upon the subject, and to act promptly.
For I believe if there is an injury to the public of
a higher grade than any other, it is that of inter-
fering with railroads, and thereby endangering the
lives of innocent passengers, and of obstructing
the United States mails—upon railroads, made
post roads by act of Congress, when passengers
as well as the mails are carried—by mobs or by
some malicious and vile miscreant, who ought
to be punished severely and promptly. The pub-
lic should know that Congress will put an end to
such injuries and obstructions as soon as we casi
pass a law for that purpose.
I think this bill should be put upon its passage
immediately, and not referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where we
may not reach it for some time. In order to test
the sense of the Jiouse upon the subject, I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered to be put.
The main question being, "Shall the bill be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed
-Mr. P^AMILTOjNT called for the yeas and naya
thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
