1854.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the resolution will be laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation thatit do pass.
Mr. ROBBINS. It' I am allowed, I will make
a brief explanation of the resolution.
[Cries of44 Go on ! We want to know what it
is!"]
Mr. ROBB1NS. Mr. Burdsall was in the em-
ploy of the Government as mail agent between
New York and California «nder the last Admin-
istration. By order of the Department he was
compelled to remain for the transaction of some
business ten or twelve days at Panama. While
these he caught and died of the fever, to which
strangers are subject. His widow and children
agre left in a destitute condition, and this resolution
is for their relief. It has passed the Senate, and
1 hope theje may be no objection to it here.
Mr. COBB. What amount does the bill pro-
pose to £ive Mrs. Burdsall ?
Mr. ROBBINS. The balance of pay for the
o.urient year's service to which her husband would
have been entitled had he lived.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. The prin-
ciple of the bill is a wrong one. It is for the pay-
ment of the salary of an officer after his death.
House bill (No. 408) "for the relief of Thom-
as Underbill; executor of Thomas Underhill, de-
ceased." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of New
York.]
House bill (No. 409) (t for the relief of Stephen
Lutz,of'New York." [Objected to by Mr. Per-
kins, of New York.]
House bill (No. 410) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Everard Mead." # [Objected to j
by Mr. Walsh.]
House bill (No. 411) " for the relief of the heirs ,
of Larkm Smith," [Objected to by Mr. Walsh,]
House bill (No. 413) "for the relief of Henry .
Gardner aftd others." [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.] j
House bill (No. 414) <( for the relief of George
Mattingly."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Commissioner of Public Buildings be authorized
to convey to George Mattingly and his heirs, all
the right, title, interest, and estate of the United
States of America in and to square No. 495 on the
piat of the city of Washington; provided the -
said Mattingly, or his heirs, shall first produce to
the said Commissioner of Puhhe Buildings a cer- 1
tificate of the Secretary of the Treasury that he
has paid to him, for the United States, $387 H,
with interest thereon from July 26, 1844.
From the report, it appears that on the 4th day
of December, 1840, the claimant purchased at a
public tax sale, in the city of Washington, made j
in pursuance of law, by the collector of taxes, a j
square of ground marked on the plat of said city |
as square No. 495, and paid therefor the sum of]
$387 11, and received from the mayorof said city j
on the 26th of July, 1846, a deed for the same; 1
that he has, since acquiring said title, expended in ,
improvements on said square, the sum of $12,750. 1
The said square was, it appears, erroneously as-
sessed on the books of the city of Washington as !
the property of an individual who was a large
land-owner in that neighborhood. That large ar-
rears of taxes were due on the same and unpaid,
and according to law it was offered for sale to pay
the said taxes, and after due publication, by re-
peated advertisements, was, on several occasions,
offered for sale, when no one would bid for it, the
said square hems: then quite remote from the im-
proved and the improving parts of Washington.
At length, after these failures to sell, the claimant
was persuaded to bid for the same, and no one
else being willing to purchase it, it was sold to
him at a price equal to the taxes due upon it. It
now turns out that the title to the said square ism
the United States. The claimant has discovered
this, and he give^he information which thus de-
stroys his own title. Hp asks that a deed may
be made to him by the Government, of its title,
upon his paying the value of the square, at the
time he purchase^ it, into the Treasury, with
interest thereon.
The bill was laid, aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 415) " for the relief of Na-
thaniel Reddick, administrator of Richard Taylor,
deceased.5'
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and required to pay to
Nathaniel Reddick, administrator of Richard
Taylor, deceased, five years' full pay of a lieu-
1#] " '
tenant colonel Winfantry; the same naving been
, due the said Richard Taylor as commutation pay
for services as a lieutenant colonel of infantry in
the Army of the United States in the war of th
Revolution.
! From the report, which was read, it appears
; that on the 9th of March, 1846, Nathaniel Red-
dick was appointed administrator de bonis non, of
, Richard Taylor, deceased, an officer in the Army
of the United States in the war of theRevolution, by
the court of quarterly session, held for the county of
James city, Virginia, and that he bonded as such;
that the petitioner, as administrator as aforesaid,
claims commutation pay due the said Richard
i Taylor for services in said war; that from evi-
; dence derived from the Department of State, and
filed in this ease, it appears " that Richard Taylor
was a second lieutenant in the sixth regiment of
• the Virginia line on the 1st day of November,
1776, and that he served to the close of the war, I;
; at which period he held the rank of lieutenant , j
colonel;" and that though the petitioner prays I!
for the pay of a captain only, so conclusively is i|
, the fact established that the said Richard Taylor '<l
\ was an officer of much higher grade, and conse- ||
quently was entitled to corresponding pay, the ij
committee report a bill allowing the pay to which \\
, he was entitled by the rank he held at the close P
, of the war. |:
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside j,
1 to be reported to the House, with a recommend- ,,
ation that it do pass. |;
House bill (No. 416) "for the relief of John ij
; McVea and John F. McNeely, of Louisiana." j|
The bill, which was read, provides that, upon P
• the return to the land office at Greensburg, Louis- J
lana, of plats of surveys, duly approved by the 'i
t surveyor general, of township three south, of range ij
i one west, and township three south, of range one j
east, it shall be lawful for John McVea and John '!
F. McNeely to enter, at §1 25 per acre, the one <j
■thousand acre tract or parcel of land which they jj "that'll mss.
have long held m possession and cultivation, and 11
which is represented as covering parts of sections
one, two, eleven, and twelve, in township three
south, of range one west, and parts of sections
six, seven, thirteen, and eighteen, of township
three south, of range one east, in the Greensburg
land district, Louisiana; provided, that the entry
shall be made of the quantity aforesaid, according
to the legal subdivisions of the public lands, and
shJ! embrace the quantity aforesaid and the land
actually cultivated and inclosed by them, as near
as may be; and provided further, that the entry or
entries made under the provisions of this act shall
not be to the prejudice of any validadvcrse rights,
if any such exist, to any part of the land aforesaid.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
thereupon the said Myers duly executed, .under
his hand and seal, and delivered to said petitioner*
an assignment to said warrant, bearing date the
25th of April, 1851—that being the day of its ex&
cuiion—-with a power and authority contained in
-1^said assignment to said petitioner to locate said
^warrant on any public lands, accosting to: law,
in the name of Thomas Myers ; and said assign-
ment also contained an agreement on the part of
said Myers that he would convey to said peti-
tioner, by deed, the lands on which said warrant
should be located, upon their being patented to
htm, said Myers. That after said assignment,
and about the time of the passage of the act .of
<®hgress making land warrants assignable, which
was the 22d of March, 1852, Thomas Myers died
intestate, leaving no estate, or, at most, but very
little, and that no letters of administration have
been grante<&u| his case.
The bill Wk laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 418) " for the relief of Enoch
S. More."
The bill authorizes and directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to correct the said roll by eras-
ing the words thereon which imply that the said
Enoch S. More deserted, and insert in lieu thereof
the words " sick and absent on furlough."
The second section provides that this act shall
vest in the said Enoch SLMore all the rights heJj
would have had if he happ>ntinued in goodhealth*
and served in said company according to the terms
of his enlistment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 413) " for the relief of Patrick
Gass."
Mr. COBB. 1 dislike very much to object, but
this bill is an old acquaintance of mine, and I
think it ought not to pass. I object.
House bill (No. 420) " for the relief of Rosalie
Caxillo."
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
House bill (No. 417) " for the relief of William
Curran."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
assignment, beanng date April 25, 1851, from
Thomas Myers to William Curran, oi bounty
land warrant No. 407, for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, dated February 7, 1851, and issued
to Thomas Myers, private and corporal in Cap-
tain Skinner's cdmpany, Colonel Mills's regiment
New York volunteeis, war of 3812, be confirmed
and declared effectual to transfer the said land
warrant to the said William Curran, and to vest
in him the title thereto from the date of said as-
signment; and this act shall be deemed and taken
to be good and sufficient evidence of said assign-
ment, having been duly made in all couits and
places whatever.
The report says, it appears by the petition and
papers of W liham Curran, duly verified in the case,
that on the 7th of February, 1851, a bounty land
warrant of that date was duly issued, under the act
of Congress of September 28, 1850, to Thomas
Myers, who was apnvate and a corporal m Cap-
tain Skinner's company, ColonelMiiis's regiment
of the New York volunteers, in the war of 1812, for
onehundred and sixty acres of land, which war-
rant was number four hundred and seven. On
the 25th of April, 1851, and before the passage of
the act of Congress making land warrants assign-
able, Thomas Myers Hold said land warrant to
the petitioner lor ^00, which was duly paid ; and i
j House bill (No. 421) "for the relief of A. S„
j Langhery."
j The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
| House, with a recommendation that it pass.
I House bill (No. 423) " for the relief of William
i J. McElhiny, E. P. Matthews, and Lawrence
| Crihben."
The biU was laid aside to be reported to the
j House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 374) " for the relief of Sylvester
T. Jerauld, assignee of the interest of Henry
Richard."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Senate bill (No. 37?) " to ascertain and adjust
the tides to certain lands in the State of Indiana.5®
The bill, which was read, provides that the reg-
ister and receiver of the land office at Vincennes,
together with a fit and proper person learned
in the iaw, and a citizen of Indiana, to be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, be
constituted commissioners to ascertain and adjust
the title of any claimant to any tract of land, or
any part or subdivision thereof, granted by the
resolve of Congress of August 29, 1788, and the
act of March 3, 1791, entitled "An act for grant-
ing lands to the inhabitants and settlers at Vin-
cennes, and the Illinois country in the territory
northwest of the Ohio, and for confirming them in
their possessions," and the several acts in aid of,
and supplementary thereto.
The'bill then goes on to fix the duties of the
commissioners and the regulations under which
claimants are to present their claims.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer,] who reported this
bill, is not present. It has many provisions, and
serins to be of great importance. Deeming it re-
quires more consideration than wc can now give
it, I object to it.
The CHAPMAN, (Mr. Hevdmcks.) Ifthe
gentleman from Tennessee would allow the Chair,
he would state that the object of the bill is merely
to ascertain title as between these citizens and the
United States. Commissioners are appointed for
that purpose. The bill is of great importance to
many citizens of Indiana,andis carefully guarded.
