tsee
THE CONGffiftSSfilOffAIi GLOBE.
July 2-2,
■ Mr. JONES. On the gentleman's statement, 1
withdraw my objection.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 26) "for the relief of Ira Bald-
win."
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
War to issue aland warrant, for three hundred and
twenty acres of land, to Ira Baldwin, a Canadian
volunteer, to be located on any of the unappro-
priated lands of the United States which have been
offered for sale and are subject to entry; and also
that the Secretary of the Treasury pay him $180,
for three months' extra pay, all which shall be Ml
wBti
compensation for his services in the late war
Great Britain.
■Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill
both Houses at the last Congress, but by some
means or other failed to receive the^tesident's sig-
nature.
There was no objection, and the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 329) " for the relief of Thomas
0. Jennings."
The bill, which was read, authorizes Thomas D.
Jennings, of Florida, to enter, at the mimimum
price of the public lands, a quantity of land not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, compris-
ing the improvement an which his late father,
Lawrence D. Jenning^jresided before his death,
on' due proof being presented to the register of the
proper land office that he would have been entitled
to a preemption bnt for the removal of the family
after the death of the father.
The bill was laid aside to be reporied to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 424) " for the relief of township
forty-five, range one, in Warren county, Mis-
souri."
The bill provides that the board of directors of
common schools for said township shall be author-
ized to select and have set apart for the use of
schools in said township, one half of a section of
any of the public lands in the land district within
which said county is situated, in lieu of the half of
said section sixteen, which is covered by the con-
cession to one Kinaird; and when the said board
of directors shall make the selection of said half
section, they shall notify the register of the land
office in said district of the land so selected, and
the same shall be reserved from sale and set apart
for the use of schools in said township; provided,
that said selection and notification be made within
twelve months after the passage of this act, and
provided said selection shall be according to the
legal subdivisions of the public lands, and in quan-
tities not less than eighty acres.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri. I will explain
the object of the bill in a very few words. A part
of the'sixteenth section m Iyissouri, reserved for
school purposes under the act of 1820, was cov-
ered by the Spanish concession, and this bill only
provides that the half section may be located upon
some other lands.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. COBB. I objected to bill No. 419 " for
the relief of Patrick Gass." I now withdraw my
objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama unconditionally withdraw his objection?
Mr. COBB. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the bill in question
will be laid aside, and reported to the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know anything
about this case, but I think that, as a matter of
practice, the proposition cannot be carried out. It
requires the unanimous consent of the House for
a gentleman to withdraw his objection.
Mr. COBB. Oh, it is done twenty times a
day.
The CHAIRMAN. If the report had been
read, or if there had been any controversy about
the matter, I suppose it would have required the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw an
objection.
Mr. MILLSON. I know nothing about this
particular case; but I know that, as a matter of
practice, it requires unanimous consent to with-
draw an objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Alabama can withdraw his
objection.
Bill No. 419 was therefore laidgRside to be re-
ported to the House. • *
House bill (No. 299) "for the relief of the
ikPine Grove Academy, m Louisiana."
The bill was read. It provides that the presi-
dent, directors, and trustees, of" the Pine £}rove
Academy, in the parish of Caldwell, Louisiana,
be confirmed in their title to the lot of forty acres
of land on which the said academy is situated,
near Columbia, donated to them by Hyams,
Chew & McCoy, claiming under the Maison
Rouge grant, in 1839, as more particularly de-
scribed in the act of donation; and that the said
president, directors, and trustees, be also confirmed
in their title to a certain tract or parcel of land sit-
uated in said parish of Caldwell, with about one
mile front on the west bank of the Ouachita river,
and running west between five and six miles, and
known as lot No. 23, in the plat number one of
the Maison Rouge grant, surveyed by John Dins-
more, a deputy surveyor of the United States, con-
taining about four thousand acres, donated to them
by Daniel W. Coxe, one of the claimants of said
grant, in 1839, and that patents be issued to them
for said lands, after a legal survey, under the in-
structions of the surveyor general of Louisiana:
provided, that the act shall amount only to a re-
linquishment of title on the part of the United
States, and that it shall not be construed to inter-
fere in any manner with the rights of settlers on
said lands at the date of this act.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 167) " for the relief of Joseph
Campau."
The bill was read, and laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Senate bill (No. 296) " for the relief of Manuel
Hernandez."
The bill was read. It authorizes Manuel Her-
nandez to locate, not to exceed eight hundred
arpents of land, French measure, according to the*
legal subdivisions, on any of the public lands in
the State of Florida, subject to private entry,
which shall be in full compensation for all the
damages he may have sustained in being dispos-
sessed of eight hundred arpents of land about
three miles distant from the mouth of the Escam-
bia river, lying and situate between the lands of
Joseph Noriega and those of the free mulatto
named Charles, being the same lands that were
granted to Joseph Hernandez, deceased, by the
Spanish Government, on the 8th of October, 1817.
The second section directs the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, upon the receipt of the
certificate of entry from the register of the proper
land office, to cause to be issued a patent for the
lands authorized to be located by the act.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 170) "for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, administratrix of Lieutenant Col-
onel iEneas Mackay, late a deputy quartermaster
in the United States Army."
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not this the
j bill which passed the House a few days since by
unanimous consent?
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
i bill for the relief of Mrs. Mackay, as the adminis-
tratrix of Lieutenant Colonel Mackay. She has
no interest in it whatever.
Mr. FAULKNER. This is the bill to which
I called the attention of the House a few days
since. And as X think it requires the discussion
and consideration of the House, I object.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
Senate bill (No. 189) " for the relief of Mrs.
| Sally T. B. Cochrane, widow of the late Lieuten-
■ ant R. E. Cochrane, United States Army."
! The bill, which was read, provides that there
: be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
: otherwise appropriated, §150 to Mrs. Sally T. B.
; Cochrane, widow of Lieutenant R. E. Cochrane,
' late of the United States Army, the value of a horse
belonging to said Cochrane, which was used for
express riding in the public service, by order of
Lieutenant Colonel Garland, United States Army,
at Fort Smith, in 1841, and died in consequence of
said service.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 206) "for the relief of the ex-
ecutrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Pan-
ning, of the United States Army."
The bill was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
bill.
Mr. MACE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw the objection.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to withdraw-
ing it until the report is read.
The report was then read.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, and Mr. GIDDINGS,
objected. >jg&
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I hope the objections
will be withdrawn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object, and do not with-
draw my objection.
Senate bill (No. 285) " for the relief of the heirs
of Brigadier General Richard B. Mason."
MrJMILLSON. I think that bill ought not to
be passed. I object. There are not one third the
members of the House present, and I move that
the committee do now rise.
[Cries of " Division !"]
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent,with-
drew his motion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
Virginia object to the last bill which was under
consideration ?
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think the bill is a
proper one to be passed without full consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. That is equivalent to an
objection, and the bill will be passed over.
Senate bill (No. 250) " for the relief of William
Claude Jones."
The bill, which was read, authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of War to settle the account
of William Claude Jones against the United
States, for his military services in the United
States Army,and allow him the difference between
the pay of a private, which he did receive, and
the compensation of a commissary of subsistence,
to which he is entitled, from September 28, 183'7,
to April 2,1838, and that the same be paid out of
any money in the Treasury, not otherwise appro-
priated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If nobody else
in the committee objects to Senate bill No. 206,
entitled "An act for the relief of the executrix of
the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the
United States Army," I shall withdraw the ob-
jection which I made a few moments ago.
The bill, which was then read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Harriet O.
Read, executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C.
W. Fanning, of the United States Army, $7,230,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated,beingthe amount claimed by the said
executrix to be due the estate of the said Brevet
Colonel Fanning, as commissions for disburse-
ments made by him in 18'<i7 and 1828, at the
U nited States arsenal, in Augusta, Georgia, and as
balances of his accounts against the United States
for services rendered in 1818 and 1821, as the
United States commissioner in receiving and re-
storing St. Marks, and as Indian agent at Forts
Gadsden and St. Marks, from April, 1818, to
December, 1821.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to strike
out all that part of the bill which provides for the
payment of two and a half per cent, as commission
on disbursements.
Mr. COBB. The amendment is acceptable to
the friends of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass. $
Senate bill (No. 71) "for the relief of Joseph
Gonder, jr., and John Duff." [Objected to by
Mr. Perkins, of New York.]
House bill (No. 425) " for tHfe relief of Rebecca
Braggerly, widow of David Braggerly, deceased."
The bill was read; and there being no objection
to it, it was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 108) "for the relief Rebecca
Freeman."
