1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
when the Senator who presents this admits that if
the other comes within the act of 1834, it is nota
private claim, and should not have been ruled out
of order.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maryland
was mistaken in regard to the intercourse act. It
oniy applies to Indians within the territories of the
United States, and not to Indians within theStates.
If the Indians within the territories come into the
States, and make spoliations, it covers their case,
and it covers the case of spoliations within the
territories; but it does not apply at all to Indians
within a State; and there is the mistake of the Sen-
ator. Nor was the claim set up heretofore—I do
not know what reasons may be urged for it now
—on the ground that it comes within that act; but
it was said to come within the equity of the act.
It was said that if the policy and principle upon
which that act was founded, were correct, then, in
equity, the persons upon whom spoliations were
committed in Georgia and Alabama were entitled
to indemnity, but it never was asserted that the
claim came within the act of 1834.
Mr. PRATT. The act provides that if Indians
'' shall pass from the Indian country into any State
or Territory inhabited by the citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and there take" &e., indemnity shall
be made. Did not those Indians pass from the
Indian country?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will look at
the first section of that act, he will find that it de-
fines what the Indian country is.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Virginia is
W1 ictA i/pn
Mr. HUNTER. We shall see.
Mr. TOOMBS. The first section of the act is
not, I think, subject to theconstruction which the
Senator from Virginia would put upon it.
Mr. RUSK. I rise to a point of order. The
question which gentlemen are debating cannot be
reached without a reconsideration.
Mr. PRATT. It is claimed that this amend-
ment is out of order.
Mr. RUSK, f submit that question to the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question presented is, whether the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Texas, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, comes within
the rule. It is very difficult to apply the thirtieth
rule to all the different cases which arise here
suddenly; but the Chair is of the impression that
this amendment is excluded as a private claim.
Mr. RUSK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair; and I desire to say a word upon the ques-
tion, as the argument has taken a very extensive
range. If any payment ever be made under the
appropriation made by this amendment of mine,
it will be made under a treaty, which is the law
of the land. The amendment does not select out
the individuals to whom the money is to be paid;
it does not ascertain them; it does not fix the
amount. The amount is fixed by law. This is
altogether different from the case which has just
been ruled to be a private claim, and excluded as
such, because the Indian intercourse law of 1834
does not extend over Alabama and Georgia. If
it did, there would be no application of that sort,
because the law provides that the claims shall be
paid out of the Treasury. Every one familiar
with the history of that claim, (and it has been
before Congress for several years past,) knows
that it does not come within the law of 1834. I
believe upon two occasions, certainly upon one,
a bill passed the Senate, but was defeated in the
House, to extend the provisions of the intercourse
law of 1834 to Alabama and Georgia. I believe
that it is not pretended—I do not think the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia pretended—that it
* came within the provisions of that law. He said
it came within the principles of the law, and
ought to have been paid according to them; but
the law does not extend there; and twice, I think,
certainly once, when a bill passed this body to
extend it over the States of Georgia, Alabama,
Florida, and Texas, it was defeated in the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am satisfied that the decision
of the Chair is wrong; and I will, therefore, vote
with the Senator from Texas. I am satisfied that
the amendment of that Senator is to carry out an
existing law. So was the amendment which I
introduced by direction of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and so were some of the amendments
of the Committee on Finance. The Senate ac-
quiesced in the amendments of the Finance Com-
mittee, decided against mine, and will probably
decide for this, showing tfye certainty of these mat-
ters.
Hut, sir, I wish to put the Senator from Vir-
ginia right on another point. I stated that the
case which I presented was clearly within the
principle, and, in my judgment, within the letter
of the intercourse law of 1834. He has referred
to the first section of that law, as showing that it
does not embrace Alabama and Georgia. That
first section is a very singular one, and, according
to its wording, the gentleman contends that the
States of Alabama and Georgia are not included
within its letter. I will read it, to show that he is
wrong in point of fact. It defines the Indian coun-
try thus:
" All that part of the United Stales west of the Missis-
sippi, and not within the States of Missouri and Louisiana
or the Teirnory of Arkansas"—
That does not include us, of course; but it goes
on:
—" and also that part of the United States east of the Mis-
sissippi river, and not within any State, to which Hie In-
dian mlehas not been extinguished."
This includes the Creek country then within
Alabama and Georgia. It was not within a State
to which the Indian title had not been extin-
guished, but within States to which the Indian
title had been extinguished. The territory men-
tioned, it was declared, should " for the purposes
of this act be taken and deemed to be the Indian
country." The act does not mention territories
east of the Mississippi; it does not mention Flor-
ida, then a Territory, as the Senator seems to sup-
pose. It applies to " that part of the United States
east of the Mississippi river, and not within any
State to which the Indian title has not been extin-
guished." This Indian country was " east of the
Mississippi river, and not within any State to
which the Indian title has not been extinguished,"
but within States to which the Indian title had
been extinguished.
Mr. PETTIT. What is thedateof the act?
Mr. TOOM BS. June 30, 1834.
Mr. PETTIT. That was before Wisconsin
and Michigan were admitted, and those were the
Territories alluded to "east of the Mississippi,
and not within any State."
Mr. TOOMBS. The words are: " not within
any State to which the Indian title has not been
extinguished." That is the designation. It does
not say " any State," but ft any State to which
the Indian title has not been extinguished."
Mr. PETTIT. It refers to lands to which the
Indian title has not been extinguished.
Mr. TOOMBS. It says "that part of the
United States east of the Mississippi river, and
not within any State to which the Indian title has
not been extinguished, for the purposes of this
act, be taken and deemed to be Indian country."
Mr. FISH. What Indian title was there to
extinguish in Georgia and Alabama?
Mr. PETTIT. What is the punctuation of
that clause? Is there a comma after " State?"
Mr. TOOMBS. That makes no difference.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will observe
the section closely, he will see that I was strictly
accurate. First it applies to all Territories west
of the Mississippi river, excepting by name the
States there, and the Territory of Arkansas. Next
it applies east of the Mississippi, except to States
in which the Indian title has not been extinguished.
It does not apply, it cannot apply* to States in
which the Indian title has been extinguished, be-
cause there is there no Indian territory to which
it can apply; but it was designed to apply to the
Territories* of Wisconsin and Florida, which
were not then States, and in which there was
Indian territory east of the Mississippi. If the
Senator from Georgia will look at the debates-—for
there have been extended debatesupon this claim—
he will find that it was admitted, by those who ad-
vocated the claim, that the intercourse act did not
apply to it. If it applied, the claimants might
have gone to the Department without coming here
for payment. He will find that that admission
was made two years ago by the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clemens,] who introduced it, and by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,} whodis-
cussed it. It was never claimed before that that
law covered it.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ascertain from the
Senator from Texas pne or two facts in reference
to this question before I vote upon it. I under-
stand him to say, that there was originally a
treaty with these Indians, by which certain sums
of money were to be paid; that then it was claimed
that some of them were left out in an enumeration
taken, and that the object of this amendment is to
supply that defect, and to carry out the provisions
of the treaty, as well as of a subsequent law.
Mr. RUSK. That is precisely the case.
Mr. STUART. A word or two will explain
the reason for my vote upon this question. £
voted to sustain the decision of the Chair in the
other case, from a very clear impression that he
was right. But, sir, under our Government, a
treaty with an Indian tribe occupies precisely the
same relation that a treaty with Great Britain
does. If we were to enter into a treaty with
Great Britain to pay certain claims, an amend-
ment to carry out the provisions of that treaty
would clearly be in order, and could not be ob-
jected to as providing for a private claim. Here
is a case arising under a treaty with an Indian
tribe. It is the duty of the Executive depart-
ment of this Government to carry out that treaty.
There has been a defect, in virtue of which the
provisions of the treaty have not been carried out.
The object of this amendment is to cure that de-
fect, and to carry out the original intention.
Now, sir, such a proposition is clearly not a
private claim. The law, for certain wise purposes,
has said that payments to Indians shall be made
per capita, in order to<prevent frauds; but that
does not individualize the claims at all. If you
are to carry out thedietinction contended for on tljpe
other side, theie would be nothing but a private
claim under the Government. The salaries of
your officers would become private claims.
The question has been alluded to as to contract-
ors—individuals who contract to carry out treaty
provisions with Indians, by furnishing goods, &c.
That is all within the authority of the Executive
department, and is a public transaction; but the
moment you step beyond that contract, and find
that your contractor asks for extra pay, it be-
comes a private claim, and is excluded under the
rule.
I cannot consent, of course, to take up the time
of the Senate in attempting to elucidate this ques-
tion. I only wished to call out these facts from
the Senator from Texas, by which it appears that
this amendment is clearly to carry out a treaty, a
public law, and not to indemnify individuals.
The difficulty in the other case was, that the
amendment was to pay private individuals for in-
dividual claims that they had for spoliations,
which is as much a private claim as any which
can be presented.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan has said, and well said, exactly what I had
wished to say in regard to this case. It will be
remembered that it was the constant practice of
the late Vice President King, when presiding of-
ficer of this body, in ascertaining the distinction
between what were and were not private claims,
to inquire whether they were in fulfillment of an
existing law or treaty, or not. If they were, he
never excluded them, although the benefit of the
proposed appropriation might inure to one indi-
vidual, or to a class of individuals.^
The treaty under which this claim arises is the
treaty of 1835-'6, with the Cherokees. An ap-
propriation was made in the year 1851 to carry
out that treaty. In the administration, however,
of that fund, the mere division of it, it was re-
quisite, for the purpose of ascertaining who were
the true beneficiaries of it, to make an enrollment
of the Indians. An agent was sent out by the
Department for that purpose. In making that
enrollment, unavoidably, from the absence of the
claimants and from different causes, he was un-
able to make a complete enrollment of all the per-
sons entitled. Hence, some who were clearly
entitled under the law, and under the treaty, did
not receive their per capita. I will call the atten-
tion of the Chair, and of the Senate also, to the
case of Andrew Taylor, who was embraced by a
vote of the Senate in the last Indian appropriation
bill, arising under the very same treaty, but under
a different clause. That, by a vote of the Senate,
was decided not to be a private claim. That oc-
curred on the discussion of the last Indian appro-
priation bill in this body.
