1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
304
erected, is to answer the purpose of a United
States court-house for that district, and a post
office for the city of Cincinnati, as well as a cus-
tom-house. I cannot speak of the accuracy of the
estimates—which are nothing more than guesses—
of Mr. Secretary Corwm, or of any Secretary who
preceded him, or of the present Secretary of the
Treasury; but I do say that it is the duty of Con-*
gress to provide for the necessary custom-houses
«.t Cincinnati, at Louisville, and at St. Louis, and
also for the necessary court-h,ouses to hold the
Federal courts m the western States. I do not
believe that Congress has ever appropriated one
dollar for the erection of court-houses in the great
State which I have the honor in part to represent
upon this floor; and the appropriation for this
building, which is to accommodate the Federal
courts, the custom-house, and the post office at the
great and beautiful city of Cincinnati is, in my
estimation, a veiy small one. Look at the appro-
priations which have been made for other sections
of the country. I think I do not exaggerate when
I state that two or three millions of dollars have
been appropriated for the city o£ New York, and
for other northern cities. These appropriations
for the city of Cincinnati accommodate a vast por-
tion of the people of this country; and such ap-
propriations are properly made, when made with
due economy, and judiciously expended under the
direction of the Secretary of theTieasury for such
objects as the one now proposed. Ohio asks very
little from the Government of the United States.
She stands there in all her pride, and heauty, and
splendor, and independence, getting very little
from the administration of the General Govern-
ment cither m the shape of offices or appropria-
tions; and I insist that, while we contribute our
full quota to the building up of aU necessary build-
ings for custom-houses, and so forth, m the east-
ern cities, and to keep up the Army, the Navy,
and the foreign establishment, when we come to
Congress, and ask for the small sum of §40,000
for the establishment of a custom-house at one of
the greatest and most beautiful cities in theUnion,
we ought not to be twitted for the extravagance
of our demands, and the largeness of the appro-
priations asked for.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman* from Ohio
places the question on the wrong ground. He
says that they have obtained more at Boston, and
at New York, and some other points, than they
have obtained at Cincinnati; that Ohio contrib-
utes her portion of the public money; and he seems
to consider that as conclusive that she ought to
have if, whether it was necessary to expend it on
thiu object or not. N<>w, that is not the issue pre-
sented. Is the amount necessary to complete the
building so as to answer all of the wants of the
Government at that place or not ? That is the real
issue; and whether OHio wants this money under
the pretext made, or any other, let her make such
application as is based on justice and propriety—let
her make the necessity evident, and Congress will
give it; for, as the records show, Congress never
hesitates to give when properly approached.
Now, I wish to illustrate the impolicy of this
appropriation. At Cincinnati there are one sur-
veyor and one clerk—two officers of the customs in
all—and we have appropriated, for the construc-
tion of the custom-house in that city, $232,000.
No vessel from a foreign port ever enters there.
It is not a port of entry at all. My friend from
Virginia, [Mi. Mili.sox,] who represents the
Norfolk district, under his determination to indulge
no improper applications for the wasteful expend-
iture of the public money, has refused to ask
additional appropriations for the Norfolk custom-
house, which is at a point much more important
than that of Cincinnati. The building and lot will
cost altogether only $110,000. Now, by turning
to a table, which was brought out in a correspond-
ence between the Secretary of the Treasury and
myself, it will be seen that eighty-nine vessels
fiom foreign ports entered during the last year at
the poil of Norfolk; at which there are some
eighteen or twenty persons engaged in the collec-
tion of the customs, while there are but two en-
gaged in Cincinnati. The custom-house atNorfnlk
is beinsc completed under the direction of the Sec-
letarv of the Navy, at an entire cost of si 10,000.
No deficiency has been asked for: and yet, here is
a deficiency of 40,000 af-ked by Cincinnati, aftei
she has received double the amount already given
to Norfolk. Why is this ?
Siich are the facts, and yet gentlemen complain :
that West has not got enough. The Secre-
tary m the Treasury tells us that it will greatly
diminish the appearance and safety of the building
if this appropriation be not granted. He tells us
that it will not be completed in a style and finish
commensurate with the city in which it is being
built, if this appropriation be nut granted. I can
tell you, Mr. Chairman, that a great deal of mo-
ney is being wasted upon ail of these public build-
ings—upon your marine hospitals and your cus-
tom-houses. To prove it, I have but to show
that at Norfolk, an important, a very important
point, one hundred and ten thousand dollars was
amply sufficient to build a fire-proof custom-
house, and to purchase the lot on which it was
erected; while in this inferior place—a place where
a foreign vessel never goes, and where you only
employ one or two peisonsin connection with the
revenue—they want three times that amount. It
is wrong, and it is time that we should look to
these appropriations. The Secretary says that he
can complete the building with the money already
appropriated. I am not in favor of appropriating
any more, when we have the best reason to know
that it will not be well applied.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to ask of the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
what is the amount of customs collected at Nor-
fotk?
The CHAIRMAN. No discussion is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amount collected at
Norfolk during the last fiscal year was ^31,153.
The CHAIRMAN. No fuither discussion is in
order. The question is on the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disney.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. B1SSELL. I propose an amendment. I
will make the amount proposed to be appropriated
$5,000 But f merely want to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means to
give me information as to the state of forward-
ness m which the building now is; whether it is
nearly completed, or whether the building is ex-
posed to the weather, and likely to deteriorate?
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Illinois, if he gets miscellaneous docu-
ment No. 5, and also the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury to Congress, page Q74-'5, will get
all that information. I will state, however, what
is true in regard to it. I do not know its precise
condition as to forwardness;but I know this, that
the Secretary says he has money enough now to
complete the building, and lias made a contract
conditional with the contractor that it shall be
completed in the manner which would require this
additional $40,000; but the contract is conditional
that if Congress do not grant this $-10,000, the con-
tractor is bound to proceed and finish it under the
original estimate. No fear need be entertained
that the buildinar will deteriorate or fall into decay.
Mr. DISNEY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means has at last got through
his explanation. Thatgentleman was kind enough
to advise me a while a«;o that, after I had served
a session or two on this floor, I would find that
Congress had some little to do in the disposition
of atlairs. I am not sure .whether the information
of the gentleman is not gratuitous. His own
splendid and towering intellect having led him to
discoveries of this sort, it may not be exactly just
in him to attribute the same facility of success to
me. How long it took him to find out the fact
he has not informed us.
But, sir, I have not time, under the rule, to pro-
ceed in this way so far as I might desire. The
point of all this matter here is not, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means has
said, to enlarge a building. Wrhat is the use of
talking about the number of persons employed in
it > Let them either pass the appropriation or re-
fuse it. Thev will not diminish or enlarge thfr
size of the building. The contracts are entered
into for the construction of the building, and the
proposed appropriation, after all, is that the build-
ing'is to be furnished so as to render it a safe re-
ceptacle for the keeping of the public papers; and
whether theie is one or fifty individuals employed
is not a matter of the s-ightest moment toward the
just decision of the question before us.
The question, and the only question before this
committee is, whether they will proceed to finish
the building in a manner such as the Secretary
says, in his judgment, the public interest require.
Now,! have paid little or no attention to the mat-
ter with regard to the appropriation asked for. I
am entirely unfamiliar with the facts of the con-
tract, and the state of the building; and I take it
for granted that the recommendation of the Sec-
retary was made in view of the fact that it was
in a. state of considerable forwardness, and with
a single view to the mode of finishing the building,
"without regard to the enlarging or contracting it;
and that recommendation ought to have a fair and
just weight in this House.
But the Committee on Ways and Means have
paid no regard to that recommendation. They
have not even called the attention of the House to
it. What I spoke of was their stifling in com-
mittee every recommendation in regard to each
and every one of these custom-houses, without re-
gard to their merits. I asked them to stand up
here and give some reason to "this House why
they,had disregarded them; and I appeal to this
House if they have heard from the committee a
solitary statement of fact, or a solitary reason,
going to show that the additional appropriation is
not called for by the condition of the country ?
One word as to what the gentleman said in re-
gard to my action. 1 never did pledge myself,
upon or off this floor, that any particular sifm
of money would be sufficient, and that such a sum
would be all that would be asked for. I have said
that the estimates exhibited required the amount
indicated by them, and I advocated the appro-
priation of those amounts. To that extent I went,
and no further.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the amendment ofTered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
Mr. BISSELL. I withdraw the amendment, if
there be no objection.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Disney, it was put; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 78, noes 64; whereupon
Mr. H1BBARD called for tellers; which were
ordered.
Mr. McMUJLLIN, X move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 49, being a bill to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing 30th June, 1854, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
the House then adjourned, at half-past three
o'clock, till to-morrow.
IS SENATE.
Wednesday, February 1, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sucer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NATIONAL FOUNBERY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of War tn select a site for a national fonndery,at
some Mutable place in the Stale of Pennsylvania.
By unanimous consent the resolution was con-
sidered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe tha' the propriety
of establishing a national foundery is now con-
ceded, and I am convinced that the plan indicated in
the resolution for selecting the site is the only prac-
ticable one. The Secretary of War will, no doubt,
as is usual, appoint a board of experienced and
disinterested officers, to make a personal examin-
ation and inspection of the various places recom-
mended, and report to him on the subject. It is
the way m which navy-yards, naval and military
asyiurns, marine hospitals, &c., are selected.
Coneress cannot select the site, because so many
members think their own particular lo -nlities the
best, and hence preconceived opinions and sec-
tional rivalry prevent action.
