1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. TOUCEY. I voted lo sustain the decision
of the Chair in the case last decided, and I voted
so upon the ground that there was no existing
legislation that would authorize the payment, I
think so still. If there had been existing legisla-
tion which would authorize the payment, so that
the Executive officers of the Government could
make that payment, if they had funds applicable
to the purpose, it would be a case for the admis-
sion of the proposition under the rule; and then I
should have voted differently from what I did.
In this case, there is a law under which it is the
duty of the officers of the Government to make
this payment, if they have the means of doing so. j
The object of this appropriation is not to change i
the law, it is not to add a new Uw, it is merely to ;
provide ways and means from which the officers :
at the other end of the avenue may make the pay-
ment.
Now, if the Senator from Georgia was right m
his supposition, that the claim which he presented •
was a debt due within the law of 1834, and only
wanted an appropriation of money, I voted wrong;
but, thinking that he needed some further legjsla- ,
tion, and that the propriety of that legislation |
must be brought under discussion before we J
reached the point of appropriation, I voted in op- i
position to his views. Bur now in this case, we 1
need no new taw. We nepd no extension oflaw. :
Indeed, we need no legislation, properly so called, j
We need merely the appropriation of the money; ■
and the existing law applies it to this object. If 1
I understand if, theie jk a treaty by which these !
individuals are entitled to this money—just as ■
much entitled to it as any officer under this Gov- j
ernment is entitled to the amount which the law ;
has fixed for his salary.
Mr. HUNTER . i believe it has been ruled by j
those who have held the Chair, that those claims 1
which come in under a treaty are not precluded
by the rule of the Senate. The Senator from ■
Texas states that there is a treaty stipulation in 1
this case. No doubt there is. I have not adverted j
to if. There is a clear distinction, which has
been stated by the Senator from Connecticut, be- \
tween the case of a man who comes in under a !
treaty and one who comes m merely under some ;
supposed equity of a law. I
Mr. RUSK called for the yens and nays upon !
the question of sustaining the decision of the
Chair; and they wore ordered, and taken with the J
following result: j
YFjAH—-Momhih. AMi'i), Ate Innon, Chase, Dodtfe ol Wis ;
consin, Dod^e o( fowa, Kvan^, Fish, Jone-< ol Iowa, Nor- '
rig, Pniit, Shdell, Sumner, Wade, and Williams —14.
NAYH— Messr*. Boll, Benjamin* Hiowii, (May, <Jooper, i
Dawson, !■> eiHt, Kit/.patnek, JIuuO'i, I'nut. Ru^k,
tian, Hew,ml. Siu.itf, T.mhiIw, Toncev, Walker, Welb-i, ,
and Wright- -19 !
>So (he decision of iht Chair was overruled,and ■
the amendment of Mr. ttirsk was decided tobein
order. j
Tiie amendimnt was then adopted.
Mr. COOPER. I move the following amend- 1
ment, by instruction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs;
To pav \ndrev\ Ta\ioi Cm hm renovation of mx hun
dr«-d and tony uei<^ <>i laud at Sitioo old Town, on the
waters of tin- T.*nne-see uvei, $1 with niteiest fioin
Mi*- ii3d ol Au u>t, l<-' 1,?.
Mr. HUNTER. That r.eems to me to he a 1
private chum. The Semitco from Aikansas tella
me that the decision of flic Senate has been had
upon it, and thai fhey have decided that it is not :
a private'daitn. if UmL is the case, i make no
opposition to if.
Mr, SEBASTlAiN. This is the very claim to
which I alluded a lew nunui^s ago, winch was
mled mto the Indian appropriation bill last year,
and passed by fhe Senate, but was lost by the
committee of cunfeieme. It wan decided then,
by the vote of tin* Senate, not to be a private
<vlaim.
Mr. STUART. What are the facts -
Mr. SEBASTIAN, it arisen under a different
clause of the same hi-Uy.
Mr. COOPER. 1 will state, m ;i few words, the
nature ol the^ase. This claim arises under the
treaty of ibl7,rm\de between the United States
and the Cherokee Indians. Andrew Taylor was
married to n Chetokee woman, by whom he hud
children: and tindu- the proviaion:3"of theheaty,
therefore, became entitled to a section of land. ■
Thi-j *pcturn of Imd w.vj "iuuwed nt Sitico Old :
Town, on the waters of the Tennessee river.
Some time subsequently to the ratification of the
treaty, the Legislature of Tennessee passed a law,
by which the reservations made under the treaty
were condemned and ordered to be sold. By the
provisions of that act a sale was made, and the
reservation was purchased by a white man, who
ejected Andrew Taylor; and Taylor, by this pro-
cess, lost his land.
In 1835 a subsequent treaty was made, and it
contained a provision for the indemnification of
the reservees under the tre' 'y of 3817. By the
seventeenth article of the same treaty, provision
was made for ascertaining the value of the reser-
vations; and the mode of assessment was fixed by
the article. President Jackson appointed two gen-
tlemen, Messrs. Upton and Summy, to make the
valuation. They were to fix the value of the land
in its natural state at the time the valuation should
take place. They proceeded to value the land, and
fixed it at the sum named in the amendment—
§14,720. Their commission expired before the
report of their proceedings was filed. Subse-
quently, however, the estimates for reserves, under
the treaty of 1817, were returned to the office, and I
believe nearly all of them have been paid. Interest
is fixed from the time when the valuation was re-
turned to the Department and became final—the
2d of August, 1843.
These are the facts; and I presume there will be
no difficulty on the part of the Senate in passing
the amendment. I will not go into a statement of
the hardships that this man has undergone. It is
not necessai y. The amendment was discussed at
the last session of Congress, and adopted by the
Senate, and was only lost, as the chairman of the
committee has informed the Senate, in the com-
mittee of conference, it having been given up for
the purpose, as T have learned from him, of secu-
ring matters which were regarded as of greater
public moment, I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. CHASE. I think that the Senate is very
much in the habit of deciding claims to be private
claims against which there is a majority of the
Senate, and reversing the rule as to claims which
meet the favor of a majority. I think that was
so in regard to this claim at the last session of
Congress. I recollect an appeal was then made
to the Senate, winch the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania now has not made, in resrard to the peculiar
hardship of the case, and the Senate decided it to
be not a private claim, although it had previously
decided tiie whole of the class of claims which has
been presented by the Senator from Georgia to
be private claims.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
Senate, for a moment, to the thirtieth rule, and
asceitain what its real construction is; for, in my
judgment, this is a private claim, and falls within '
the rule, and I desire to be consistent in my votes. 1
The rule is in these words: j
"No amendment, pioposing additional appropriations,
shall be iceeivcd to any general appropuation bill, unless
it be made to carry out the provision* of some existing !
law, or some act or resolution previously passed by the ,
Senate during that session, or moved by direction of a 1
standing committee of the Senate, or in pm^iunce of an '
estimate from the head ot some ol the Departments ; and
no amendment ^hal I ho received, whose object m to piovide
foi a pnvate claim, although the «ame may have been pie-
vnmsiy sanctioned by the Si nate.'"
Now, sir, thts rule establishes a general regula-
tion applicable in its first clause to all amend-
ments, of every description, proposing additional
appropriations. It, however, admits of certain
exceptions. The first of these exceptions is.
" unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law." That applies to all amend- '
ments proposing additional appropriations. The ,
next exception is, "or some act or resolution 1
previously passed by the Senate during that ses-
sion, or moved by direction of a standing com-
mittee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Depai t men t?." ;
If an amendment falls within either of these ex-
ceptions it may be presented. "And no amend-I
ment shall be received whose object is to provide i
for a private claim.55 If it stopped there, it
would exclude the whole of the amendments |
which fall within these previousexceptionsclearly, '
and it would not he in order to offer an amend- ,
ment pioviding for a private rlaim, although it ;
might be made to carry out the provision?? of j
some existing law; although it might be mad* to i
carry out the provisions of some act or resolution
previously passed by the Senate; although it
might be moved by direction of a standing com-
I mittee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some one of the Depart-
j! ments. I say that if the rule stopped there, no
amendment proposing to provide for a private
claim would be in order, although it fell within
either one of these exceptions. The rule, how-
ever, does not stop there, but it goes further, and
the whole of this clause, as it stands, is in these
i words:
; "No amendment shall be received who^e object is to
provide for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate."
Now, sir, this exception of private claims is
; universal, and the clause, e< although the same
! may have been previously sanctioned by the Sen-
ate, " is applicable to only one of this class of ex-
ceptions, which control all amendments whatever.
It would follow, then, that no amendment can be
received whose object is to provide for a private
i chum in any case. It cannot be received, although
j it may be made to carry out the provisions of some
I existing law, if it comes strictly under the head
j of private claims. An example may be found very
I easily. Suppose a claim to arise under the pro-
; visions of a general law, as in the settlement of a
, post office account, or as to the compensation of
I some contractor under a contract made with the
| Government, and suppose that claim has been
j presented to the proper Department, and there re-
i jected, and then comes here to the Senate. Then
it is a private claim; yet it may be made to carry
out the provisions of some existing law, but still
I think it is excluded by this rule.
Now, 1 admit that, according to the statement
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, this claim does
i arise in consequence of a treaty which provided
i for the payment of the value of this reservation
i to the reservee, and the amount appears to have
j been ascertained. What has prevented its being
! paid by the proper Department 1 do not know;
I but it seems to me to be one of those cases which
i are constantly coming here, constantly referred
j t<> the Committee on Claims, but which are ex-
( eluded by the rule from being proposed as amend-
j ments to general appropriation bills. If it be not
. excluded by the rule, then it would follow that
j any amendment which provides for a private claim
| may be received in every case whatsoever, pro-
I vided for by the exceptions to tne general rule in
I relation to all claims whatsoever.
| Mr. COOPER. I think if strict attention had
i been given to the statement which I made, the
| objection would not have been raised by the Sen-
1 ator from Ohio. It seems to me very clear that
: this claim is admissible under the rule. I said,
in some remarks which I submitted on another
claim before the Senate, during the course of the
morning, that the object of that rule was to ex-
clude private claims from being considered during
the pendency of the general appropriation bills,
because it was not supposed that the Senate, in
full session, would be very competent to form an
estimate of the amount that should be paid. That,
no doubt, was the substantial reason for the adop-
tion of the rule But here, sir, in pursuance of
the treaty of 1835, a claim arises, the amount of
which has been already fixed, and fixed by the
provisions of the treaty itself. The sum was
• ascertained as far back as 1843, and all that is
I necessary to be done is to authorize the Depart-
j ment to pay it, with such interest as may nave
| accrued in the mean time. What would be the
! object of sending this claim to the Committee on
! Claims > The amount is fixed. The committee
| would not gainsay the report of the commissioners,
] because there is no evidence, beyond their report,
i of what was the value of the reserved section of
; land. They were appointed under the provisions
' of the treaty to estimate, or to value, to speak
j more properly, the section of which this reservee
' had been deprived by the act of the Legislature of
i Tennessee. The manner, the time at which the
| valuation was to be fixed, and all the other pre-
j liminaries were arranged and provided for by the
j treaty, and in pursuance of it commissioners were
j appointed, whose report is on file in the Depart-
i ment, and that fixed the sum. It is in pursuance
| of a treaty winch is the law of the land. The
! amount is fixed; nothing ?m left to be ascertained,
j ail that is to be done is to authorize the proper
i Department of th'> Government to pay it to the
