1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10ia
party entitled. It seems to me that there is noth-
ing clearer than that it falls within the principles
of the rule, which has been passed upon by the
Senate (luring the session of to-day. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that the amendment is
excluded by the rule.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to make a remark,
and then submit a motion to the Senate. 1 think
my friend from Virginia must have seen, by this
time, that the rule about excluding these private
claims is of no practical value to the Senate, and
that the exposition of it has occupied more time
and given us more trouble than would be involved
in the determination of the merits of all the private
claims which have been proposed to be put upon
appropriation bills since the rule was adopted;
and I wish he would consider the propriety of
introducing a proposition to rescind that rule, so
far as it excludes private claims recommended by
the standing committees of this body. Having
said this, I desire to seize this favorable occasion
to submit a motion, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that course will not be
taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
question before the Senate undisposed of, and
therefore the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina is not in order, except by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. By unanimous consent
the motion can be received and disposed of.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senate adjourn over
regularly from Thursday to Monday, I consider
it equivalent to the rejection of every private bill
to which a single member of the Senate may ob-
ject during the present session of Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to remind the
Senator from Louisiana, that to-morrow has been
set apart for the consideration of adverse reports.
Mr. SLIDELL. The reason for disposing of
them is equally strong.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the motion to be objected to.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Louisiana
opposes the motion, but he does not object to its
consideration now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not object to entertaining
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
putthe question on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that the amendment which I have offered
from the Committee on Indian Affairs is not in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
decides.
Mr. COOPER. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I feel bound to do it.
Mr. FISH. I move that the further consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That eight thousand copies of the report of an
expedition down the Zufii and Colorado rivers, by Captain
Sitgreaves, and the like number ef the report of Captain R.
li. Marcy, of his exploration of the waters of the Red river,
in addiuon to the number of these reports heretofore
ordered, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 27, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Smckr.
Before calling the House to order,
The SPEAKER laid before the body a commu-
nication from J. Lawrence Smith, Secretary of
the American Association for the Advancement of
Science, inviting the members of the House to
attend the meetings of that Association, now in
session at the Smithsonian Institution.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House was on recommitting to the Committee
on the Public Lands a bill " granting lands to the
several States to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, and for other purposes," and that upon
that question the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] was entitled to the floor.
COMMITTEE OP CONFERENCE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senate have
returned to this House the Military Academy ap-
propriation bill, insisting upon their amendments
non-concurred in by the House, and asking for a
committee of conference. I move for the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference on the
part of the House to meet the committee which
has been appointed on the part of the Senate.
There being no objection, it was so ordered;
and
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Jones, of Tennessee, Bisseli., and Davis, of In-
diana, as said committee on the part of the House.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
Mr. DISNEY, after some preliminary remarks,
said that the public domain was vast in amount.
He doubted exceedingly whether any man now
living could justly appreciate the value of that
domain in regard to the future, looking upon it
as the most solid basis of credit in time of peace,
and one of the most effective sinews in time of
war, and considering the teeming millions of
people who were to inhabit it.
For the last sixty years the public domain had
been preserved intact; and now it remained for
this Congress to signalize itself by an abrupt and
violent departure from the principles of the Gov-
ernment, and the destruction of this invaluable
treasure of the Federal Government.
He knew and could appreciate the attempt by
gentlemen to secure an ephemeral popularity by
wresting and tearing a portion of it as plunder
from the Government; but the people of the United
States are intelligent, and would sooner or later
ascertain and understand that they were also the
proprietors and masters of the funds of the Gen-
eral Government, as well as of the funds of their
own respective State governments; and when
Representatives shall go home and boast of the
amount taken from one pocket to be put into the
other, they will find that the process will not pay,
after the substantial interests of the country have
been sacrificed by the operation.
While he confessed he had little hope of arrest-
ing the progress of the House in wasting the pub-
lic lands, he should feel all the better in the con-
sciousness of the fact that he had discharged his
duty on this subject. By the graduation bill,
should it become a law, the value of the public
domain now in market would be stricken down in
value to the extent of fifty millions of dollars.
As to the report adverse to granting lands for
the benefit of the indigent insane, he should stand
upon it. By the passage of thjit bill, a new era
had been inaugurated in the violation of the prin-
ciples heretofore applicable to the public domain;
an act which, in his opinion, was not only uncon-
stitutional, but impolitic.
The bill now under consideration, introduced
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ben-
nett,] proposed to give lands to the old States of
the Union, in common with the new, for internal
improvementand educational purposes. The prin-
ciples on which it was advocated by that gentle-
man were fully set forth in his report upon the
subject; and with this report it was his [Mr. Dis-
ney's] purpose to deal. Of all remarkable docu-
ments which had ever fallen under his eye, during
his legislative experience, he had never before seen
one which would compare with this. There was
in it not one fact proven. He [Mr. Disney] had
said, yesterday, that he would to-day gibbet the
report, and now commenced that operation; and
after he was done, he doubted whether the gentle-
man from New York would put his hand upon the
carcass to take it up.
He examined, at length, the statements in Mr.
Bennett's report, and said, in the course of Ills
remarks, that the General Government has never,
except in the cases ofsrants of lands to the deaf and
dumb asylums of Connecticut and Kentucky,
made a naked gift to the States until this House
of Representatives set the example the other day.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. After the very
able speech of the gentleman from Ohio, I move,
to enable the House to have the full advantage of
it, that this question he postponed until Tuesday
next. To-morrow will be private bill day and
Monday will be resolutien day, and both those
days will, therefore, be fully occupied. I hope the.
House will postpone this subject till Tuesday. 1
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to, ask the gentleman.,
from Louisiana to withdraw that "motion. J de-
sire to submit some remarks to the House, upon,
this bill, aud I fear that I shall not be able to.be-
in the House on Tuesday next, or probably fait
some days to come. I will renew the. motion' to
postpone.
Mr. PERKINS. I should like very much to
oblige the gentleman from North Carolina, but
perhaps it will answer his purpose to speak on
some subsequent day. There are several gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House who desire
to speak early upon this bill, but have yielded
to what they believe to be the proprieties of the
occasion.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, as I understand the
morning hour has nearly expired, I will withdraw
my request.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone to
a day certain is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to debate it.
I want to know whether, if this bill be postponed
till Tuesday next, it will be competent for the
Chair to go on with the call of the committees-for
reports during the morning hour? There is an
immense amount of business blocked up in the
committees.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for the
Chair to do so; but the call will be confined, on
that day,"to territorial business, the whole of that,
week iiaving been set apart forthe consideration of
territorial business. If there are no reports touch-
ing the subject of the Territories to be made during
the morning hour, the Chair supposes that the
committees might be called for reports during that
week.
Mr. CUTTING. I rise to a point of order,
involving, perhaps, more the answer to a question
for information. Did I not understand that the"
Committee on Territories had made all their re-
ports, and that the report now under consideration
was postponed until a future day to accommodate
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,]
and that in the mean time other committees were"
called upon and made reports? If the effect of
that postponement is to keep the Committee on
Territories still before the House in order to make
reports 
The SPEAKER. Not the Committee on Ter-
ritories. Next week is set apart for territorial
business, and that alone of a local character.
Mr. CUTTING. Under that special order
merely ?
The SPEAKER. Yea, under the special order
alone.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to withdraw the,
application I made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cutting] seems to be laboring under
the impression that other reports from other com-
mittees would, in some way, be cut off by Ihe
special order. That is not the case, Next week
has been set apart for the consideration of territo-
rial business of a local character alone.
Mr. CUTTING. Territorial business reported ?
The SPEAKER. Such as is already reported,
and which may be specially reported, of a local
character. Upon that day, it will be in order to
make reports of territorial business of a local char-
acter merely.
Mr. CUTTING. Coming within the purview
of that special order ?
The SPEAKER. It would cut out the Ne-
braska bill. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Savp] moves
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, The gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Perkins] _ submits
the motion that the consideration of this bill be
postponed until the next Tuesday. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio takes precedence. ^
The question was then taken upon Mr. bAPP s
motion; and it was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILI 
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Comrmtteeofthe
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Chand-
ler in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
