304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1.
ment and on the continuance or duration of the
office conferred by the appointment; while others
conclude that the limitation is applicable only to
the time in which the Executive may exercise
the appointing power, and make appointments,
and has no reference whatever to the term or
duration of the office held under the appointment.
Though the ground of this last conclusion may
not at the first view be apparent, on a critical and
careful examination of the clause referred to, it
will be iound a sound conclusion, and fully war-
ranted by a fair and grammatical construction of
language. The word or adverb "until," in that
clause or sentence, qualifies the word or verb
make;" and in that relation can only fix the lime
in which the Executive may make appointments,
and is not used to determine the period for which
the appointee shall hold his seat under a tempo-
rary appointment, and has no respect to the period
or duration of the office, and imposes no limits
whatever upon it.
Temporary appointments made by the Execu-
tive under this clause of the Constitution have
«ver been construed as appointments made to en-
dure until the vacant term expired, or the place
occupied by the temporary appointee could be
•constitutionally filled by the Legislature.
This is not the interpretation put on the Consti-
tution in the minority report, but is the interpre-
tation placed upon it by the Senate in the numer-
ous cases cited by the committee, and is in har-
mony with the letter, spirit, and design of that
sacred instrument. This construction has too long
been approved and sanctioned to be now reviewed
and departed from, unless the evils arising from
it imperiously demand a change of interpreta-
tion. The minority report adverts to an evil that
may arise, if the appointee fails to represent the
people of his State; and might not a Senator, elected
for six years, or to fill out the vacancy left of an
unexpired term, be as liable to misrepresent the
people as an Executive appointee, either of whom
are further removed from them, and more independ-
ent of their control, than the Senator appointed
by the Governor, whose office can be terminated
by the people through their Representatives when-
ever they meet?
The debates on the Constitution fully demon-
strate that those who adopted it expressed their
fears that the number of members in the Senate
might prove too limited for the numbers in the
House, and their determination to provide for a
full representation in the Senate from each State;
and to prevent, as far as practicable, any failure
of administration on account of vacancies in that
branch of the Government. To carry out this de-
sirable object, we conclude that this elapse of the
Constitution, which we have under discussion,
was undoubtedly provided.
This conclusion is generally admitted; and to
me, a strict constructionist, as unwilling to violate
the Constitution as the honorable Senator from
South Carolina can be, it appears just, reasonable,
and irresistible. In order, however, to derive
authority from this clause of the Constitution to
'effect its purpose, some contend they must give
-to its language a technical or artificial construction
which they are unwilling to adopt.
If so, sir, and doubts exist against a construc-
tion regarded sound, arising from criticism, to
which language, by its uncertainty, is exposed, let
the great fundamental rule for the adjustment of
cases of doubtful construction be applied by giv-
ing to this clause of the Constitution the interpre-
tation intended by its framers. The objectof pro-
viding for temporary appointments by the Gov-
ernor will then be obtained. The appointee will
retain his seat in the Senate till the vacant term
expires, or the vacancy is filled by the Legislature; i
and the benefit of all doubts will be given where !
they belong, in support of safe precedents, and of
the rights and representation of a sovereign State.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate at some
length, and elaborately argued the subject in oppo-
sition to the position of the majority of the com-
mittee.
[Mr. B.'s speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr, PHELPS. Mr. President, if it be the
pleasure of the Senate that f shall proceed to-day
with the remarks whifh I purpose to make on this
subject, I will most cheerfully do so; but at the
same time I should much prefer if the Senate would
postpone the further consideration of the matter
until to-morrow. The question involved in the
discussion is one of secondary importance, as it
relates to the case now under consideration, but
is of paramount importance, as it tends to settle a
question of constitutional law.
After the very full discussion of the question by
the Senator from Delaware, it will be impossible
to discharge what 1 conceive to be my duty to the
State which 1 profess to represent, without con-
suming much more time than the Senate will be
disposed to devote to the debate to-day.
Under these circumstances, I prefer that the
argument should not be divided, but that 1 should
have an opportunity to-morrow of presenting my
views in full.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the Senate ought to
adjourn, and therefore I will move an adjourn-
ment, but with this suggestion: I think the hon-
orable gentleman from "Vermont would do well to
reserve his remarks, by common understanding,
until the close of the debate. I think that by re-
serving himself to close the debate, his argument
will have more eifect'upon the decision, perhaps,
than if he spoke now, particularly as others in-
tend to speak.
I intend, for myself, to make but a very few re-
marks on the subject of justification of the views
which I entertain. I do* not intend to go into a
long argument, and I do not wish to have it ap-
pear at ail that I would mingle in the debate in any
spirit of controversy with the honorablegentleman
It is with that view that I prefer that he should
reserve his remarks, by common understanding,
to close the debate. However, this is a mere sug-
gestion.
Mr. PHELPS. That matter can readily be
disposed of in the morning. If other gentlemen
prefer to speak first, it can then be ascertained, and
we can settle the matter.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 1, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAICER laid before the House the
annual report of the Commissioner of Patents,
containing the first or the mechanical part of
the Patent Office Report,
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill for the relief of J. Boyd, of
Louisiana, was laid on the table, with the view of
moving that it be recommitted to the Committee
on Claims.
, The question was then taken, and the vote was
reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
recommitting the bill for the relief of J. Boyd, of
Louisiana, to the Committee on Claims.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
recommitted to the Committee on Claims.
THE ERIE DIFFICULTIES,
Mr. JONES, of New York. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill that came from the I
Post Office Committee to secure the safe trans- 1
mission of the mails of the United States was
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to make a single remark
in reference to that bill. ;
Mr. DRUM. Is it in order to discuss this mat- |
ter of reconsideration ? i
Mr. OLDS. Although this bill was general m 1
its application 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio suspend a single moment until the House
disposes of the report of the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to refer the
report of the Commissioner on Patents to the '
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, and i
that it be printed. J
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me i
to make a suggestion? Would it not be well to '
make a motion to print some extra number of'
copies, so that the matter may go to the Commit- i
tee on Printing? I
Mr. TAYLOR. I would make such motion,
that the report be referred to that committee, with
instructions to inquire what number of extra copies
it is proper to print. Perhaps jt would be well to
say 100.000 copies.
Mr. ORR. Seventy thousand is the number
we have heretofore printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I understand
this is the first part of the Patent Office Report, h
has never been usual to print more than fifty thou-
sand copies of that part.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman allow me
one word? Inasmuch as this is a proposition to
print extra copies, no matter whether it is one
hundred thousand or fifty thousand, 1 submit that
the question goes at once to the Committee on
Printing without discussion,and they can determ-
ine whether it shall be one hundred thousand or
fifty thousand.
The SPEAKER. If thereyfS no objection, that
reference will be made.
TRANSPORTATION UNITED STATES MAILS.
Mr. OLDS. I said yesterday that the bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to protect the transportation of the
United States mail upon the railroads of the United
States, was general m its terms, although the Erie
difficulties had given rise to its introduction at the
present time. I felt then too much indisposed,
owing to soreness in the throat, to make any
remarks, and I scarcely feel able to do so at this
time. It appears to me that there is a state of
affairs now existing in Erie, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, that demands of this House that it should
take some action upon the safe transportation of
the United States mails over the railroads passing
through that town. This bill was drawn with
special care to guard against any conflict between
the jurisdiction of the United States and the juris-
diction of the courts of Pennsylvania. Any order
coming from any court of Pennsylvania for the
construction of the railroad 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order—that
this debate-is out of order. When this bill was
submitted yesterday, and a motion was made to
commit, the previous question was demanded and
sustained. The vote was taken, and the bill was
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Now a motion is made to
reconsider that vote. The previous question had
not exhausted itself: because if the motion to com-
mit had failed, the question then would have been,
ii Shall the bill be read a third time?" That being
the condition of the question before the House,
debate is not now in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order made by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, and holds that the previous question had
exhausted itself. ♦
Mr. OLDS. I do not wish to trouble the
House at any length upon this matter. I wish to
say, however, that since the action of the House
yesterday, a telegraphic dispatch has been re-
ceived from Erie, to the effect that the mob have
again taken possession at that place, and have
j torn up the rails. I will read the dispatch to the
! House. It is dated at Erie, January 31, and is as
follows:
" Men commenced clearing away platform to connect
tiacks. Bell wa« runy, and a thousand people rushed up
and destroyed our track on Sassalras street."
It seems that as soon as, under the order of the
United States court, they commenced replacing
the track, the alarm bell v/as rung, and the people
of Erie, to the number of one thousand, rushed
on and tore up the tracks. Now, sir, all that I
have to say upon this matter is, that some action
is required upon the. part of Congress to secure
the safe and speedy transportation of the United
States mail thiough that portion of the country.
I will now read an extract from a New York
paper upon the same subject.
Mr. FLORENCE, (interrupting.) If I may
be allowed to ask the gentleman from Ohio a sin-
gle question, I desire to know the authority of
that dispatch—whether it may be relied upon?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman knows the oeople
of Pennsylvania better than I do. fLatMu'er.l
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know who sent
that dispatch.
Mr. OLDS. Neither am I acquainted with the
gentleman who sent it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only want to know the
