1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
ADJOURNMENT OVER UNTIL MONDAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged motion, i move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ELLISON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 75, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Aiken, Ashp, David J.
Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Hell, Bisseli, Brooks,
Colquitt, Corwm, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dickinson, Dis-
ney, Eastman, Eddy, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott,
Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Gooduch,
Green, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, llenn, Hieater,
Ilillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll. Daniel T. Jones, Keitt,
Kerr, Kittredge, Knox,Kurtz,Latham, Lilly, McCulloch,
Mace, Meachaui, Smith Miller, Murray, Noble, Parker,
Peekhara, Pennington, John Perkin*, Phillips, Pratt, Prin-
gle. Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rogers, Sabin, Seward,
Singleton, Gerrit Smith, William Smith, HestorL. Stevens,
'J'hur.-tou, Upham, Walker, Walley, Walsh Etliliu 11.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wentworth, and Daniel B. Wright—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Boyee,Carpenter,Chand-
ler, Ohurchwell, Clark, Cobb, Cox, John G. Davis, Dun-
bar, Edaerton, Edmands, Eihson, English, Ethendjje,
Giddings, Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Hanison,
Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Gttoigw W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Leteher, Lindley, liindsley,
McNair, Maxwell, Mavall, MuMleswaith, John G. Miller,
Milton, Morgan, Moideeai Oliver, Orr, Bishop Perkins,
Phelps, Thomas Jlnchev, Robbins, Ruffin, Sopp, Shaw,
Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Andiew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John I.. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Wade, Wells, Wheeler, and
Zolhcoffer—64.
So the motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Edgerton,] that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered •, and Messrs. Churchwell
and Vail were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54.
The SPEAKER announced that less than a
quorum having voted in the affirmative, the motion
was lost.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask that the other side
may be counted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
demand comes too late.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
demand also comes too late.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Chair to decide that it is too late to have the
yeas and nays upon the motion to go into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. H is too late, the result of
the vote having been announced.
Mr. JONES. Only one side had been counted.
Mr. ORR. But the Chair had announced the
vote, and entertained another motion. It is evi-
dently too late.
Mr. JONES. The Constitution secures the
yeas and nays upon any proposition when they
are demanded by one fifth of the members pres-
ent, and I think they are entitled to hav* them
upon this motion.
The SPEAKER. The result of the vote had
been announced, and the Chair was about to put
the question upon another motion, when the de-
mand for the yeas and nays was made. If the
demand had been made before the result was
announced, it would have been entertained; but,
under the existing circumstances, the Chair decides
that the demand comes too late.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
then, upon the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask the
Chair, if a quorum voted upon the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. Only fifty-four members
voted in the affirmative, which was less than a
majority of a quorum. A quorum was present,
and therefore the motion was lost.
Mr. WENTWORTH, Does the Chair know
officially that a quorum was present? I insist
upon my point of order. I have seen the question
tried again and again in this House, and I want
to know what the rule is?
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 rise to a question of
order. 1 want to know if the Chair has not already
decided that question. I ask that the vote may
be taken upon the motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, the Chair will say that the House
had just voted upon the yeas and nays, when there
appeared 75 in the affirmative and 64 in the neg-
ative, which shows officially that a quorum was
present.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How does the Chair
know that membeis kept their seats for the pur-
pose of leaving the House without a quorum?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that a
quorum was present, and overrules the point of
order made by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It very often happens
that members refuse to vote, for the purpose of
leaving the House without a quorum, and I sub-
mit that both sides should have been counted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
The House was divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and only nineteen voted in the
affirmative; not one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand tellers on the
question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. EDGKRTON. I demand tellers on the
motion that the House do now resolve isself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Taylor, of
Tennessee, and Walker, were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
ayes 81, noes 30; no quorum.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion. That will settle the question
as to whether there is a quorum present or not.
Mr. GROW. Let us have a recount.
Mr. WALSH. There are several members
around me who have not voted.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GROW. I call for tellers.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Oh, no; let us have a re
count.
Mr. GROW. Well, I withdraw the call for
tellers, if we can have a recount.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is evi-
dently a quorum in the House. I call for a
recount.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
must remember that a motion is now pending that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope that motion will be
withdrawn.
Mr. EDGERTON. I decline to withdraw it.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Clingman, were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. Now I hope the gentleman
who made the motion will vote.
Mr. EDGERTON. I voled before.
The question was then put on Mr. Edgerton's
motion; and the tellers reported—ayes 13, noes
105.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs upon
the adoption of the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Upon that question tellers were ordered; and
Messrs. Clingman and Edmundson were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 28.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Chandler
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee last rose, the pending question was on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] and that the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Oliver] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 hope the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Oliver] will now allow me to make
the personal explanation to which 1 referred yes-
terday.
Mr. OLIVER. I have no objection, provided
it does not come out of my time.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, previously „
to the rising of the committee yesterday evening,
there was a general consent given that I should
occupy the floor for a few minutes this morning,
for a personal explanation. But the unanimous
consent of the committee was given to me on the
understanding that the explanation should be in
regard to myself. There is, however, one thing
which I wish to propose to the committee now,
and that is, that I may occupy a few minutes of
the time allowed me, to reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] yester-
day, so far as they regard a distinguished and
venerated friend, who is now no more, and whose
memory has been violently attacked; I refer to
the Hon. John Gluincy Adams.
A general assent was expressed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia, in regard to the
memory of that great and good man, would have
given me infinitely more pain than anything he
could have said in regard to myself, provided, I
had believed the attack of the member from Vir-
ginia could, in any degree, affect the world-wide
fame of that distinguished statesman.
Sir, he served long upon this floor, and stood as
the leader of this House in all the great moral and
political questions that agitated the nation during
the last decade of his life. Emphatically, sir, he
stood as the leader, the standard bearer of the
cause of freedom, of truth, of righteousness.
Mr. Chairman, an attempt has been made to'
represent that statesman as a blood-thirsty man—
a man of violence, a man of blood. Nothing
could have been more unworthy of any statesman
than such a representation. But in order that I
may be fully understood, I will read an extract
from the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia:
" Did they not all know that a distinguished mm, John
dnmey Adams, had stepped down from the Chief Magis-
tracy, and asserted this question, saying that sooner than
stop agitation, he would see five millions of southern
hearths drenched in blood ?"
Mr. Chairman, let me say that I have no ex-
planation to give to this remark. It is, emphat-
ically, an unmitigated misrepresentation. That
is the whole of it, in all its length and breadth, in
all Us depth and height. It was coined from the
fertile brain of an opponent, who. opposed him
while living, and wtho attempts to raise his puny
arm to assail his fame now that he is departed.
Who, Mr. Chairman, has read the speeches of
Mr. Adams, that does riot know that on all occa-
sions he sought peace; that he was at all times
opposed to bloodshed; that he was at all times
opposed to violence;that he sought the moral re-
generation of this country and nation, and of the
world by the force of reason, intelligence, and
example?
Sir, 1 suppose we all know the history (for it
is familiar to us all) which gave rise to the attack
of the member from Virginia. I think it was in
the year 1841, that the venerable man to whom I
have alluded, was in the city of Pittsburg, and,
by iequest, delivered an address-to the colored
people of that city. In the remarks which he
made upon that occasion, he told them that the
time would come when justice would be done to
them. In the emphatic manner in which he was
accustomed to speak, he toid them that their
redemption would come; and as he rose with the
majesty of his subject and the occasion, he re-
peated' that it would come. He knew not when.
Some were apprehensive that it would come in
blood; " but, sir," said he, " let it come—-let jus-
tice be done." I quote from memory, but am
substantially correct. Some months afterwards, a
member of this body from Alabama [Mr. Dillet]
was making a speech m this Hall, and, referring
to this subject, represented Mr. Adams "as having
said that 44 he hoped the redemption of the col-
ored race would come, even if it came in blood."
14 Yes," said Mr. Adams—he was sitting at my
right hand, near me—411 now say, let it come,"
