1874
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I object to it. And
I move* that all further proceedings under the call
be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I move, and I
think the motion will have precedence, that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be ordered to bring the absent
members to the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion first made is
first in order.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sydney Webster,
Esq., his Private Secretary, notifying the House
tha the had approved and signed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill to aid the Territory of Minnesota in the
construction of a railroad therein; and
An act to establish the offices of surveyor gen-
eral of New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, to
*grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes.]
[A message was also received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickiks, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, bills of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
An* act to create and provide a pension for
David Towle;
An act making appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of the Cayuse war;
An act to increase the salaries of the executive
and judicial officers in Oregon, New Mexico,
Washington, Utah, and Minnesota; and
An act for the relief of Pamela Brown, the
•widow of Major General Jacob Brown, late of the
United States Army, deceased.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles:
An act to provide for the payment of such cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas as are com-
prehended in the act of Congress of September 9,
1850;
An act for the relief of Magdelena Van Ness,
"widow of Cornelius Van Ness, deceased; and
An act making a grarft of land to the State of
Iowa in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State.
In which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.® I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 32, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to make a motion, in
all candor, to the House: and that is, that the
House excuse me from further attendance to-day.
A Member. For what reason >
Mr. HAVEN. Because 1 am fatigued and tired
out.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agieed to.
So. Mr. ITavent was excused.
Mr. ABERCROMB1E. I move that the Ser-
geant-at Arms be sent for the absentees.
Mr. FLORENCE, I rise to a point of order:
whether jess than a majority of the House can
excuse a member from attendance?
The SPEAKER. There is no question about
the power of the House to excuse a gentleman
from attendance at this time. It is possible they
have the power to excuse him altogether. The
question, however, does not arise at this time.
Mr. SMlTtl, of Virginia. I wish to say that
Mr. Ritchie, of Ohio, was unwell, and has been
in his bed from ten o'clock in the morning till four
o'clock this afternoon. A messenger was sent for
him, and he got out of his bed, and is now here.
I move that he be excused from fuither attendance.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks pardon of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Abercrom-
bie;] but another motion was submitted by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Chamberlain-,]
that all further proceedings under the call be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. KNOX demanded the yeas and nays.
Only thirteen gentlemen rising in the affirmative,
they were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and, upon a di-
vision, there were—ayes twenty-eight—noes not
counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to make this sugges-
tion. It seems that we have placed ourselves in a
dilemma- We are all of us us anxious that the bus-
iness transacted in Committee of the Whole House
should be reported to the House, and there acted
upon. We are all anxious that nothing should be
lost by the time that has been spent in committee
to-day. i f<gain state, there is no doubt that the
good sense of the House on Monday will put us
in a condition where we can act upon the business
which has transpired in committee to-day. I
trust that we will now adjourn, leaving it to the
good sense of the House on Monday to a# upon
this business.
Mr, HOUSTON. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I move, then, that we adjourn.
The question was taken; and, upon a division,
there were—aye.-? 39, noes 43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
iHion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Abeu-
crombie,] that theSergeant-at-Arms bedireeted to
hunt up, take into custody, and bring before the
bar, the absent members. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE. If that motion is debatable,!
want to oppose it.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, accord-
ing the practice of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw his motion. He js
not, perhaps, aware of the fact, that if his motion
were agreed to, it would subject those gentlemen
who are absent to inconvenience, and to a fine to
be imposed by the House.
Several Members. That is the thing we want.
Mr. CRAIGE. I desire to oppose the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama.
[Cries of " Order" Order !"]
The SPEAKER. To a very limited extent the
Chair thinks that the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama is debatable.
Mr. ABERCROMRiE. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Several Members. I renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The object of all of us is
not to go through with a call of the House if we
can get a quorum. But we have been almost this
entire session of Congress struggling to get a quo-
rum here to do business. Now, as several mem-
bers have come into the Hall since the Chair
counted the House, I ask the Speaker would it
not be competent for him to ascertain whether
there is a quorum present, so as to enable us to
transact busines? Several gentlemen have come
in since.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
that the Chair ascertain whether there is a quorum
piesent?
[Cries of "Yes!" "Yes! "]
After a count, the Speaker announced that there
were eighty-four members in their seats.
ij Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I trust there will be
j' no further obstacle interposed to the continuance
of this call till weshall have got a quorum. I hope
j- the Sergeant at-Arms wji be dispatched to bring
: in the absent rnembeis.
'j [Crie.-J of "Question ! " "Question!"]
j| The SPEAKER. The question is on the roo-
>; tion to dispatch the Sergeant at-Arms for the ab-
!; sentees.
j Mr. CRAIGE. I ask the Chair what sort of
;! propnety will it be in the House to send the Ser-
; genut-at-Arms after one portion of the members,
alter having; given permission to another portion
1! to come in ? "We attempted this same miserable
farce once before, at the commencement of the
,i session. Wethendispatched theSergeant-at-Arins
•■to bring m the absentees; and gentlemen who
! acted ni good faith, and were compelled to vote
against excusing absentees, afterwards saw the
doors thrown open, and members allowed to come
. in without question, i do not believe this is fair
or just.
'j Mr. McMULLIN. I anneal to gentlemen to
■1 put a stop to this call.
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this dis-
; cu^sion m order >
,i The SPEAKER. Discussion is in order, if
; gentlemen confine themselves to the question pend-
ing, which is as to the propriety of sending the
Sergeant-at-Arms for members,
i Mr. McMULLIN. There were only some
i seventy members present when the House was
. counted. Since that time some ten or twelve
ij members have come in 
A Voice. Twenty.
Mr. McMULLIN. Some fifteen or twenty
members have come in since then.
Mr. TAYLOR. Weil, I piopose that we hear
their excuses.
Mr. CRAIGE. Jf we were to send the Ser-
geant-at-Arms after those now absent, having al-
lowed some twenty members to come in, I think
it would be acting discourteously towards these
absentees. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. Is this matter debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is in order so far as the
gentleman has gone ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I think itr advisable that we
should pass these private bills. And if there be a
majority of the House on Monday willing to pass
them, we can pass them without any difficulty.
Mr.McMULLIN. I again Appeal to theHouse
to dispense with all further proceedings in the call,
and 1 move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was put; and there being, on a
division of the question—ayes.40, noes 40,
Mr. FAULKNER demanded the yeas and
j; nays.
11 The yeas and nays were ordered.
It The question was then taken;-and it was de-
li cided in the affirmative—yeas 51, nays 34; as fol-
;l lows:
YEAS—Mesj>rs. Abercromfiie, Bark&dale, Barry, Ben-
son, Carpenter, Carutliers, Caskie, Chamberlain,
Ciaice, John G. Davi-, Thomas Davis. Dent, Dowdell,
Kas{inan,Fenton. Gooihich, Greenwood, Hendricks, Henn,
Ilowe, Musjiie*, Hunt, George W. Jones, Roland Jones,^
Kctr, Knox, McCulloch, MeMulhn. McQueen, John G.*
Miller. Morrison, Mordei ai Oliver, Powell, Preston, Pur-
vear, Ree«e, Kiddle, Robbms, Howe, Sabm, Shannon,
Shaw, Simmons, C2e rit Smith, William Smith, Gt'oige W.
Smith, John L. Tai lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thmston,
Wmle, ftliihu B. Wa&hburue, Tappan Wentworth, and*
Witte—M.
7VAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Belcher, Olmsman,
Cohb, Crocker, Edeeiton, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Aai on flai tan, Johnson, Kuriz, Lilly, McNair, Macy. Max-
vvcll, Mayall, Smith Miller, Mill-on, N'iclioN. Packer, Pen-
nington, Phelps, Prin«Io, liufVm, Russell, Sapp, Stratum,
David Rtuait, John J. Taylor,Trout, Upham, and Ilendriclc
13. Wright—34,
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accoidmgly (at thirty-five minutes past six) ad-
journed until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 24, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read'and app*>ved.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Rockwell to fill the vacancy in the committee on
the memorial of IthielS. Richardson, in reference
to his plan for an atmospheric telegraph, occa-
sioned by the resignation of Mr. Everett.
PENAL CODES OF EUROPE.
Mr. ALLEN. I wish to propose to the Senate
to print an extra number of Senate Document,
No, 68. It is a very important document not
only for the use of the Senate, but for the public
at large. It is a communication from Mr, San ford,
late charge d'affaires at Pans, giving information
as to the penal codes of Europe.
The PRESI DENT. What number of extra
copies does the Senator propose'
Mr. ALLEN. 1 believe each Senator now has
one. Each should cerlamly have six or eight;
and therefore six hundred copies seems to me to be
small enough. The type is now in form, and
hence the additional cost will be merely the ex-
pense of press-work and paper.
Mr. CASS. This is a very important document
which has been collected with a great deal of
labor and rf-search, containing the penal codes of
Europe, together with the peculiar administration
of France. It contains information which cannot
be got otherwise. It will be money well applied
for the public use to appropriate a sum for this
printing. But I do not think the number moved
by the honorable Senator is sufficient. I do not
think we can better dispose of the public funds,
than to expend a small amount for the distribution
of this information among the people.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Why not make it five
thousand ?
Mr. ALLEN. I have no objection .to that.
The type ia now in form and it will not cost much.
