1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.*
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, to make it five thousand.
After we have gone to the expense of composition,
the extra press-work and paper will amount to
very little.
Mr. ALLEN. Then I move that five thousand
eopies be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MR. PETTIT's REMARKS ON MR. BENTON S
LETTER.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to allow me a few minuies to
reply to a letter which has been in circulation in
the papers. 1 hope there will be no objection.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the Senator will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. PETTIT. _Mr. President, I ask the in-
dulgence and attention of Senators for a few mo-
ments, while I call to their notice a most remark-,
able letter, which is going the rounds of the
newspapers. It is as follows:
Washington, Saturday^ June 17, 1851.
Sir: Your letter lias-just been received, informing me
that Mr. Pettit, m a public speech in your town, stated
that 1 was the fiistman to break the Mif-souri compromise
—that I had a law passed by Congress, annexing to the
State a large teriitory, &c. Sir, your Senator is a great
har arid a dirty dog, falsifying public history for :i criminal
purpose. The Missouri'compromise line was not vio-
lated in annexing the Platte country. Both parties to ihe
•compromise agreed to it, the free States being Hiianimmi,.
There were not even yeas and nays upon it. The Gen-
eral Assembly ofMVsouii requested it. We applied to the
members personally and individually for their consent,
which tUey gave; and without their consent no movement
was made, or would have been made. The journal* prove
tins. Theie is a full account of u in my "Thirty Years
View," in the chapter headed " Extension of the IVf i--ouri
Boundary"—also in my late Nebraska speech it is briefly
alluded to, and that is probably all that the duty dog knew
about if, and which lie falsified to answer his criminal pur-
poses. I send you some of my Nebraska speeches, and T
hope you will find the chapter in the " Thnfy Years," and
see that tin- change in the line was asked as a boon from
the northern States, and by tnem granted in a spirit of kind-
ness, and in a way to prove that they would notsinfer anti-
elavery feelings to prevent them from doing an act of gieat
favor to the Slate of Missouri, and for which all Missouri
was thankful at tho time, and I am still. Mr. Pettit mu-t
feel that Ins cause is villainous when ho can thus stand up
before hisconstiiuents to falsify public history, and to jus-
tify his own violation of the Missouri compromise, by tell-
ing a he upon me.
Ilepectfully, THOMAS II. BENTON.
James Howe, Esq., Lafayette, Indiana.
This letter is as ridiculous as it is strange—as
absurd as it is low, coarse, and vulgar. If Mr.
Bentton can make any one believe that I am a
liar,"he will have done that which no one who in-
timately knows me does, can, or will believe. I
have always sought after and endeavored to speak
the truth in all things. I love her name, cherish
her form, ami adore her substance, and I would
not willingly pervert or pollute either. He who
is devoid of sincerity and truth, is without the
necessary helm to guide him safely over the dan-
gerous sea of life, and will inevitably become a
prey to counter winds and currents, and mus-t
strand upon its shoals or wreck upon its rocks.
Mr. President, if I do not establish, beyond a
cavil, that Colonel Benton is a wicked and ma-
licious falsifier of truth, or an imbecile and dotard,
1 will, in all future time, submit to the epithets he
has applied to me.
On the 12th of June last 1 was at home, La-
fayette, Indiana, and made a speech to a large
collection of my immediate constituents and neigh-
bors. The speech turned principally upon the
Kansas and Nebraska act, and the Mis*?ouri com-
promise. I showed that the act of 1820 was not
the real compromise or terms upon which Mis-
souri came into the Union; but that it was Mr.
Clay's resolution, a year afterwards, that was
entitled to that honor or appellation. I showed
that the act of 1820 was not a compromise or com-
pact in the sense in which its friends contended
for it; but that it was a mere act of Congress, sub-
ject, as any other act, to repeal by the present or
any other Congress, as, in their judgment, expe-
diency should justify or require.
Benton's speech of April 25, 1854, in the
House of Representatives, had been largely circu-
lated and was much appealed to then; and those
who heretofore had been heard a thousand times
to say that he was a thief of money stolen in
North Carolina, and secreted in his cravat, and
that he had, under the pretense of an honorable
duel, committed a cold-blooded murder, that of
Lucas, and that he had been guilty of all th^j;
crimes known to the black catalogue of infamy,"
were now the loudest and most boisterous in
singing his praise and referring to his speech.
To show that Mr. Denton was not reliable, and
that he could not safely be followed, and that the
act of 1820 was not a sacred compact that could
not be altered, changed or violated, I said that
Colonel Benton hadj in 1836, sixteen years after
its passage, procured the passage of another act
of Congress changing, altering, repealing, abro-
gating and violatingt pro tanto, the act of 1820,
called the Missouri compromise, and I read the
following act and proclamation:
An act to extend the western boundarv of the State of
Missouri to the JVIissoiui liver
Be d enacted by the Senate and Ilouse of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrua in Confess assembled,
That when the Indian title to all the lands lying between
ihe State of Missoun and the Missouri river t.h ll be ex-
tinguifhcd, the jurisdiction over said lands ihall be hetebjg^
ceded to the State of Missouri, and the western boundaryT
of said State shall be then extended to the Mtssouu river,
reserving to the United States the original risht of soil in
said lands, and of disposing of the same: Provided, That
thi.-. act *-haU not take effect until the President shall, by
proclamation, decline that the Indian title to said lands has
been extinguished, nor -hall it take effect until the State of
Missouri shall have assented to the provisions of tins act.
Approved June 7, 183(3.
( United States Statutes, vol. 5,p. 33. )
Proclamation issued by the President of the
United States, under the act of June 7, 1836:
By the President of the United States of •America,
A PROCLAMATION.
Wheieas, by an act of Congress of the 7th of June, 1836,
it was enacted that when the Indian title to all the lands
lymj between the State of Missouri and the Missouri river
should be extinguished, the jurisdiction ovei said land
s-hould be ceded by the said act to the State of Missouri,
and (he western boundary of said State should be then ex-
tended to the Missouri river,reserving to the United States
the ongutal right of soil m suid land-, and of di->posin« of
the same ; and whereas, it was in and by the said act pro-
vided that the same should not take effect until the Pres-
ident should, by proclamation, declare that the Indian title
to said lands, had been extinguished, nor until the State of
Missouri should have assented to the provi.-ion« of the said
act. And whereas, an act was passed by the General As-
sembly of the State ot Missouri, on the 16th ot December;
183H, expressing the absent of the said State to the provis-
ions of the said act of Congic^s, a copy of which act of the
General Assembly, duly authenticated, has been officially
eomumnic .ted to'this Government, and is now on file in
the Depaitnient of State:
Now, therefore, I, Martin Van Buren, President of the
United States i f Amu k.i, do, by this my proclamation,
declare and make, known, that the Fnnian title to all the
said lands Ivitig between the State of Missouri and the Mis-
souri nver,'h.as been extinguished, and that the .said act of
Congress of the 7ih June, le36, takes effect lrom the dale
hereof.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, this
28lh day of March, A. I). 18.-J7, and of the Independence
of the United States of America the sixty first.
MARTIN VAN BUREN.
By the President:
.Tonv Forsyth, Secretary of State,
(United States Statutes, vol. 5, appendix.) j
This was so plain a contradiction of his present
course and late speech that it was a damper on his
new friends and admirers; and one of them, Mr.
James Horn, who was, and still is, a Whig, not
knowing the history of ^his matter, wrote to Ben-
ton for light, and to know, I suppose, if he could
not make someapology forthisgiaring and absurd j
inconsistency. Benton, goaded ctnd maddened at f
having his tergiveinations anxl contradictory course
and actions thus brought to light, and he exposed I
to the gaze and scorn of all honest and intelligent '
men, wrote the above letter, which would not be j
creditable to a lunatic in an asylum or the guiltiest !
felon m a penitentiary.
It will be seen that he admits in this letter all I i
charged him with; that is, he procured the passage j
of thefirst act that violated, changed, or repealed !
the act of 1820, by taking a part of this/r?e terri- 1
tory and making it s/ore by act of Congress in j
adding it to the State of Missouri, whose consti- i
tution established and protected slavery, thus ere- I
atirtg slavery in territory larger than two of the
small States, by act of Congress. It did not leave
it to the people as the Kansas and Nebraska act
does, but forced slavery upon them by law. This
is the only instance where slavery has been ex-
tended over free territory since the organization of
this Government; and this w-ts done by act of
Congress procured by Colonel Ben-Iox, and not
by the people.
In this letter, Colonel Benton, unfortunately
for himself and his consistency, (for I had never
read a line in his work before,) refers to hisThirty
Years, and, on turning to the first volume of that
work, at page 626,J find a chapter headed " Ex*
tensionof the Missouri Question,"-which ht'as
follows:
" This \\ as a measure of great moment to Missouri, and
full of difficulties in itself, and requiring a double proeeva
to accomplish it—an' act of Congress fo extend-tfre bound-
ary, and an Indian treaty to remove the Indians to a new
home. It was to extend the existing boundary, of ihe
so as to include a triangle between the existing Hue and
the Missoun river, large enough to form seven counties of
the first class, and ferule enough to sustain the densest
population. The difficulties were threefold :
" 1. To make stili larger a State which was already one
of the largest in the Union.
"2. To remove Indians from a possession which had
just been aligned to them in perpetuity.
" 3. To alter the Missouri compromise line in relation to
slave territojy, and thereby conveit free soil into slave soil.
The two first difficulties were serious—the third lortmd-
able; and, in the then state of the public mind in relation
to slave territory, this enlargement of a great slave State,
and by converting free soil into slave, and impairing the
compiomiso line, was an almost impossible undertaking,
and in no way to be accomplished wtthouta geneious co-
operation i*i om the members of ihe frew^tates. They
were a tnajoiuy in the House of Representatives, and no
act of Congress could pans lor altering the compromise hoe
without their aid: they were equal in the Senate, where
no treaty lor the removal of the Indians could he ratified
except by a concurrence of two thirds—-and s* 11 th«j e diffi-
culties to be overcome at a time when Congress uas
inflanu d with angry debates upon abolition petitions, trans-
mission of incendiary publication*, imputed designs to
abolish slavery; and the appearance of ihe criminating
aiticle in South Carolina entitled the { Crisis,> announcing
a southern convention and a secession, if certain noithern
States did not >upprt>s the abolition societies within their
limits within a limited tune.
t( In the face of nil these discouraging obstacles the two
Missouri Senator*, Met-sis. Benton and Linn, commneced
their opoiations. The first st'-p was to procure a hill for ihe
altet anon of the coniptonnse line and the extension of the
boundary ; it was obtained from the Judiciary Committee,
reported by Mr. John M. Clay ton, of iMaware. and p:u-sod
the Srnate without material opposition; it went tothe House
of Representatives, and found there no serious opposition to
its passage. A treaiy was negotiated with the Sac am! Fox
Indians, to whom the countiy had be«*n -assigned, and was
ratified by the lequiMte two thirds: and this, beside?- doing
an act of generous justice to the State of Mifsoun, was the
noble answer which northern members gave to the imputed
design of abolishing slavery in the States! actually exi< nd-
ing it! and by an addition equal in extent to such State.* as
Delaware and Rhode Island; and by its fertility equal to one
of the thud class of Stales ; and this accomplished by the ex-
traordinary pioce*sof altenng acompiomusehne intended to
be perpetual, and the reconversion of soil whieh had been
slave, and made free, back again fioin free to slave ; and all
this, when, had there been the least disposition to impede the
proper extension ofa slave State, there were plau-ible r  a-
sonsenough to cover an opposition, in the serious object-
ions to enlatging a State already the largest in ihe Union—10
removing Indians again I'i om a home to v\ hich thej had just
been removed under a national pledge of no more removals
—arid 10 disturbing the compromise line of 1^20, on wMch
the Missouri question had been settled; and the line he
tween free and slave territory, fixed tor national realms, to
remain forever. The author of this viivv was part and
parcel of all that transaction—remembeis well the anxiety
of the State to obtain the extension—her joy at obtaining
it—the gratitude which all felt to the noithern nn nther-8,
without whose aid it could not have been done, and whose
magnanimous assistance, under such tryingeireumstaiices,
he now records as one of the proofs (this work contains
many others) of the willingness of the non siavehoidtng
part of the Union to be ju.-t and generous to their sinvo-
holding brethren, even in disregard ofchetished prejudices
and offensive criminations. It was the second great proof
to this effect at this identical session, the ratification of the
Georgia Cherokee treaty being the other."
In this extract it will be seen that Colonel Ben-
ton boasts of, and prides himself upon, the ac-
complishment of this very thing, and of driving
the Indians from this very territory that had then
but lately been ceded and promised by treaty to
them forever, and had greatly added to the then
largest State in ihe Union. One would be led to
believe, from rending this extract, that he regarded
tins alteration and repeal of the Missouri com-
promise as the brightest, most dazzling, and tri-
umphant achievement of his thirty year senatori-
al career. But I desire to call attention to a few
extracts from hia Kansas and Nebraska speeeh
of the 25th of April last, to show his proneness
to falsehood, the wickedness of his heart, or the
imbecility of his head. On page first he says:
"Mr. Chairman, if any bill lo impair the JVTi«*ouri com-
promise line of 1820 had been brought into this Hoi^e by a
member from a slave State, or under the administration of
a President elected from a slave State, I t-ln uid have
deemed it rny duty to have met it at the thre^-hold, and to
have made the motion which the parliamentary law pre-
scribes for the repulse of subjects which are not fir to be con-
sidered j 1 should have moved its rejection at the fitst
reading."
This will be seen to he utterly false, and a mere
pretense; for the bill of 1836, that he admits and
boasts of having procured to be brought in to im-
pair the Missoun compromise line of 1820, was
brought in by the Hon. John M. CtArroN, then,
