1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
meeting this question, if 1 chose to remind the
gentleman that he has been guilty of a very great
defect in memory, if not of a gross misstatement.
t Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the committee,
let me call your attention to an incident which oc-
curred the 22d of February, 1844, a day pregnant
with the dearest associations, as connected with
the name of one who was 44 first in war, first in
peace, and first in the hearts of his country men.*"
On that day, Mr. Dillet, of Alabama, a distin-
guished Whig member—I say Whig member, be-
cause at that day political ligaments were stronger
than local subordination or independence. I speak
from the record. In referring to the remarks of
Mr Adams on the question of slavery, without
going much into the quotation, and which I had
hastily collected, not expecting to be called on
from the source which i have, to justify my re-
marks, Mr. Dillet, m addressing this House on
the 22(1 of February, 1844, said:
u And whence came this language: 'That slavery
will be abolished in this country, and tin oughout the world,
I firmly believe; whether it will be done peaceably or by
blood, God only knows. But that it shall be accomplished,
I have not a doulu ; and by whatever means, I s*dy let it
come Ye*-, by whatever means, I say, let it come.1
That was the prayer offered m transitu to the Throne of
Mercy. By blood, or otherwise, let it come.
" Mr. Adams. Let it come.
u Mr. Dn.i.ET. Yes, sir, those were the prayers of this
man, [Mr. Adams,] who, if he had retired from the Piesi-
donoy to the shades of private bf<\ winch he would so
much have dignified and adorned, would have irone down
to tile tomb with the united admiration and applause of a
mighty nation. This man comes here upon this iloor, and
says : ' Let U come ; let it come, by blood or otherwise ;
let it come ' "
Mr. Adams here threw m the words: " Let it
come."
" Mr. Dillet. Ye<*, let it come, no matter what havoc
shall ensue amongst the five millions of men, women, and
children of the South; let them all be served up to satiate
the Moloch of those assailants of the Constitution ; and tor
<he purpose of ottering up *weet incense to the holy, thrice
fctoly Abolitionists,&c.
Well, sir, Mr. Dillet went on a good deal in
that strain, and then Mr. Adams proclaims, not
let it come even at the expense of the blood of five
millions, as 1 stated, and as my memoiy enabled
me to speak of it after the lapse of years, but he
even go&s.further and says, without restriction as
to numbers: u Let it come." Yes, sir, pven if it
cause the blood of the entire slaveholding section
of this Union to flow.
But, sir, Mr. Dillet goes on to say;
"Ho was one among those who, tn ltfcM, preferred the
civil qualifications ofthe i entleman to those of a military
character, m the selection of a Chief Magistrate of the
Umon. He need not as-k to be pardoned by the gentleman,
Out he tijd as& the forgiveness of his country."
Yes, sir, so shoeing, so horrid to every hu-
mane and g-entle affection were the sentiments of
this man—this Mr. Adams, who had come here
to agitate upon this question that he had pro-
claimed: Let it come, though at the peril of the ;
entire South. And Mr. Dillet, a political and j
personal friend, in the agony of his heart, said " I
was one of those who, in J824, preferred the civil
qualifications of the gentleman to a military chief,
tain, and gave him my support. I now say here,
in the face of this House, m the face of the as-
sembled country, that, I ask pardon of my coun-
ti ymen for so doing." And yet this act, this sacri-
lege, this outrage upon every sentiment of human-
ity, this treason—I use the word—this moral
treason to the Constitution of our Republic, finds
vindication upon this floor. But no other man
hag dared to vindicate it hut such a man as that '
from Ohio. Sir, have I not made good my refer- j
ence? Can f not Htamf up heie proudly and say !
that my rase is made out? Sir, although the j
member wishes to be tacked to the illustrious ■
name of Adams, let me tell him that he is but the 1
tail; and long, long must if be, if there is any con- !
nection between the two. [Laughter.] I
But, sir, I now come to the honorable member
himself. That honorable member gives us to un- !
derstand that his ancestors rendered important 1
seivic.es in the war of the Revolution, but his
modesty will not permit him to speak of the ser- ;
vices which he himself rendered in the war of
1^12. I wish he had delighted us by recounting
them here, for I believe his military achievements :
have not yet been sung m song or told in story.
But the gentleman, on account of his capital good m
nature, forbears to say what otherwise he might :!
guy, in ieference to myself; but what can we think jj
of the supreme gentleness of disposition of the li
jj man who can get up here and perform such a part
as he has done to-day ?
!j The display which the gentleman made upon
'! this floor was the malignity of a fiend—a coward
! fiend. 1 was a member of this House when the
!i particular incident took place which has brought
i out this difficulty. After the honorable member
|! fiom Ohio resigned his seat, he went around the
j Hall bidding good-bye to his friends. I was sit-
l| ting very near tne place where I am now standing;
: and when he came to me, offering his hand, I did
li not pretend to be very busy, as some southern
j I members did, who turned their backs upon him,
Ij but i said to him, " 1 do not shake hands with
! you." " Just as you please," replied the gentle-
man from Ohio; and that is the way in which I
treated his conduct, and that was the way he de-
served to be treated by all.
The gentleman has been pleased to refer to my
political history, and my retirement from these
Halls. I wiU state to this House that, for eighteen
yearn I was an active party man, before i ever
soughtaseatin legislative halls. My time, money,
and such humble talents as God has t lessed me
with, were fieely dedicated to the propagation
of the great principles of the Demociatic party,
in season and out of season. Until 1836, when
the muttering thunder which was heard in the
distance was about to burst upon the country, I
did not attempt to go into public life; but at that
time, being called upon to be a candidate lor the
State Senate, I, under protest, yielded to the call,
after having once declined a nomination. 1 then
ran for Congress, and had the honor of succeeding
against a Democrat and a Whig, with only about
six hundred majority, and the Democrat the then
incumbent m office, which is, with us, almost con-
clusive in favor of a reelection. When I retired
from these Halls, I was a candidate for reelection,
under a peculiar state of things—for it so hap-
pened that the district was reorganized, and a
Federal district was formed. 1 allowed my name
to be used# and I reduced a "Whig majority of
twelve hundred to some two hundred and sixty-
five. I then resumed the duties of private lile,
but not in retirement, as the mendacious speaker
says—for I was elected Governor of the Common-
wealth of Virginia, without ever having written
a letter or expiessed a wish for the office. 1 ask
if any man can furnish a prouder and higher
memorial of the estimation of his fellow-citizens
than that—elected to the Chief Magistracy of the
Old Dominion without an expressed wish for the
proud distinction?
When 1 returned from California, where I had
gone to mend my fortunes, I had scarcely reached
home before my friends began to talk of returning
me to Congress. Circumstances, not my wishes,
made me a candidate, and I was elected without
l ever organizing a county; without ever treating a
voter; without ever holding a private conversa~
tion but with two worthy, but plain and unam-
bitious persons, to affect their votes before my
election. 1 proudly stood up and relied upon my
character and principles, and upon the liberal sen-
timents of the noble people whose suffrage i ex-
pected; and I am here.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the member from Ohio
has read the resolutions for which the House con-
demned him. I shall not pause to comment upon
them, but i will bring you to the result. The
first item—for there is a good deal here on the
subject—the first item to which I call the attention
of the committee, is the remark of Mr. Everett—
Mr. Everett, of Vermont; from the green hills;
a cold hard man—I hope that no one will pitch
into me for this. But yet I shall beg the attention
of the committee to the remarks of Mr. Everett
on the subject, because I am one of those who
never speak lightly, and when i take a position,
I am proud to believe that I can maintain it. I I
read from the Journal. I
Mr. Everett rose and begged to be excused from i
voting. He assignd his reasons: ;
" And lie wished also on this occasion to express hi*
utter abhorrence of the firebrand course of the gentleman !
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings."] |
Yes, sir, Mr. Everett asked to be excused j
from voting; and he did it because he wanted an j
opportunity of expressing his deep abhorrence— I
I repeat—bis deep abhorrence of the fire-brand j
couise of the gentleman from Ohio. Well, now, J
when that man could act in such a way in these i
Halls as to provoke such a fierce denunciation i
from a party associate, from a man who was en-
gaged m a common cause, and animated by a
common feeling, what, sir, what must have been
the deep damnation of the act?
There are various other references on this sub-
ject. 1 shall not dwell upon them. But such
1 was the howling storm of indignation in this entire
I Hall, such was the deep abhorrence of the vile and
! atrocious conduct of that member, that he, m view
j of that storm, and shrinking from it, asked if he
i had the power to withdraw his resolutions. The
| Chair pronounced that he had, against the posi-
j tions taken to the contrary. But 1 will read a line
j or two from the record:
"Mr. Giddin'gs said, that when he had risen to offer his
resolutions, lie had stated that they were important, and
that he merely laid them before the House.
44Cries of * Order !' • Order !>
"The Speaker. The. gentleman will either withdraw
! his resolutions or not.
j "Mr. Giddings. L was merely saying that I was about
j to reply 
I "The Si'eakkr. Do you withdraw the resolutions or
I not?
j " Mr. Giddings withdrew his resolutions.
Yes, sir, that man*who boasts that he has
j uttered nothing in the world but proper and cor-
i rect sentiments; who said that his resolutions were
i important, and that he merely laid them on the
1 table for consideration, when he saw the howling
j blast of indignation against him which raged
: around the Hall, skulked from its fury, and, in the
j face of such a howling tempest, sought to shelter
| himself by withdrawing his resolutions.
■ Well, Mr. Chairman, the member from Ohio
i resigned. He resigned to go home, to get the
| rebuke of his people upon this House, it may be:
! perhaps to pocket his mileage, for the question
| was raised whether he intended to charge double
1 mileage or not; and that question was not answered.
! So, I suppose, he got it. Of course he got it—of
I coutse. No moral sentimentcould have restrained
; him, no feeling of personal honor.
i Well, sir, i say he resigned. I cannot under-
; take to give you chapter and verse for the com-
j mon talk of this Hall. But it was said that he
1 resigned and went home, to get the rebuke of his
| people upon the action of this Hall.
j I stated yesterday, and I repeat it now, that it
i was bruited around this Hall that it was the
, common understanding that he went home, reiy-
1 ing upon that people whom he represents, of whom
j he appears so proud, and with whom he so cor-
j dially sympathizes. Yes, sir, I say it was so
| understood, and I am going to give some sort of
I proof of it. It was understood that he would
■ come ba^k here and renew his resolutions, until
j those resolutions of censure were repealed.
; But here is the record, and i ought not to omit
] it. The resolution of censure brought out by
; the honorable member's atrocious resolutions, de-
! nounced him for offering resolutions which embod-
ied rapine and muuler. Yes, sir, that embodied
rapine and murder! After the resolutions were
withdrawn, the House was not satisfied with his
retreat—with his cowardly retreat—with his
skulking from the storm which he had raised. I
say the House was not satisfied, and a resolution
of the character of which I have spoken was
offered. He had offended the House and the
country, and though his resolutions were with-
drawn, it was felt in this Hall that they still left
an offense which must be avenged, and Mr. Botts,
of Virginia, offered resolutions which, not being
in order, were offered by his noble colleague, Mr.
Weller, in which the resolutions of the gentleman
were denounced for justifying rapine and muider.
j! This House passed them by a vote of nearly two
j! to one, after nearly every parliamentary effort had
:• been resorted to to prevent their adoption. The
s' judgment of this House, not upon party grounds,
jj the judgmentofthe American Congress, by nearly
j' two thirds out of nearly two hundred votes, sol-
|| emnly pronounced that the resolutions of thegen-
j| tleman legalized and justified rapine and murder,
i1 and that he deserved not only the censure of the
country, but of this House in particular.
For that he resigned and went home; and I say
now, that during his absence, the understanding
was that he was to come back here by the election
of his people, and that he was to renew those res-
olutions, and was to press them until the reso-
lutions of censure were revoked. Did he ever
renew them ? Never! never!
1 find, in the resolutions offered by Mr. Goode,
of Ohio, the following:
