1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
cers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of
William Woodbury, late pension agent of Port-
land, Maine—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of John S. King, of Vir-
ginia—Committee on Pensions.
A biil foi\ the relief of the administrators of
Oliver Lee, deceased—Committee on Claims.
espey's meteorological report.
Mr. COOPER submitted a resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Rc<olocd, That the President is hereby requested to
crui.-e. to he traiiMiiitted to the Senate the fourth meteoro-
logical report of Professor Espy.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. SL1DELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and ogreed to:
Resolve.u/, That the Committee on the Post Office and
pojsi fti'.uis be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol
est'ihliMiuig a po>i rouiu from Green>burg, Louisiana, to a
pouii niK-rsi-ctiuij the rmtr ad from New Orleans to Jack-
son, at or near the house of fienjiunin VViel.
Mr. SLIDELL also submitted certain docu-
ments on the subject; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior,
orders, for the purpose of taking up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. i hope the Senator will allow
me to make a report.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Are not reports in
order ?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. But it is in
order for the Senator from Virginia to submit such
a proposition as he does submit at any time.
Mr HUNTER. It depends upon the majority
to decide, if they prefer to receive reports, they
can vote down the motion.
Mr. RUSK. It was my purpose, this morning-,
to ask the indulgence of the Senate to take up a
bill; but as the time has otherwise been consumed,
I now tfive notice that I shall to-morrow morning
to take up the hfl Jn relation to the officers of
the Texas navy. J shall now vote for the motion
of the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Virginia allow certain House bills to be
referred ? !
Mr. LIUNTER. I yield for that purpose.
Various House bills were then referred as else-
where stated. When the bill for the relief of John
S. .Tones rfnd William 11. Russell, surviving part-
ners of the firm of Biown, Russell & Co. was lead,
Mr. GEYER said: I hope that bill will be put
upon its passage now. It has already passed the
Senate twice, but failed in the House for want of
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be taken up at
some other time. I merely f ave way to allow
the House bills to be referred. If we begin to.
act on bills, there are twenty other Senators all
around uho will ask to have others acred upon.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER, it will require
unanimous consent to consider that bill at this
time. If objected to, it will be referred.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not ask to have it re-
ferred; but let it £0 on the table for the present,
and it can be called up at some other time.
Mr. GEYER. Then I should prefer to have
it referred, for then it can be reported^pn imme-
diately.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mi. SUMNER. I must ask the Senator from
Virginia to allow me to present a memorial for the
purpose of having; it referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
can decide the question.
Mr. CHASE. I believe that that question is
debatable. I wish to appeal to the Senator from
Virginia, inasmuch as the whole of the morning
hour has been consumed by the speech of the
Senatoi fiom Indiana, to allow half an hour for
the consideration of the regularmorning business.
The chairman of the Committee on Patents and
th* Patent Office [Mr. James] is very anxio«s to
make a report, in which the whole committee feel
a deep interest, and Senators all around have more
or le*s of morning business to .present. I hope
we whall not proceed to the consideration of the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, until at
least we have half an hour for morning business.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will ex-
press their opinion upon the question.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to.
PATENTS GRANTED TO FOREIGNERS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a memorial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection the memorial will be received.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
Charles Mackenzie, a British subject, now a resi-
dent of Boston, praying that the large fees exact-
ed of foreigners #ider our patent laws may be
abolished, and that foreigners may take patents
from the United States on the same footing as
citizens.
Mr. BUTLER. A foreigner has no right to
petition Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask its reference to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MASON. I object to the reception of the
petition on the ground that foreigners cannot
petition the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that uie shall proceed
to the consideration of the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the question
before the Senate is on the reception of the mem-
, orial.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstands the Senator from Virginia to object to
its reception, and itcamiot, therefore, be received.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, at this moment.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr GEYER. Befoie we proceed to the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomaticappropriation
bill, I move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the seventh section of that bill, reported as an
amendment from the committee, was agreed to.
It was passed under a misunderstanding on the
part of many Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber. They supposed that we were m Committee
of the Whole; but it seems that we were regarded
as in the Senate. I therefore move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
civil and diplomatic bill.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
I the bill from the House of Representatives, making
j appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855.
Mr. HUNTER. When we adjourned on Sat-
urday the amendment which was under consider-
ation was the one, 1 believe, making provision for
new custom-houses, which was reported from the
Committee on Commerce
J The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
flerstands the first question to be upon the follow-
ing amendment:
" Fot continuing the work for a supply of water for the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, §500,000.
Mr. ADAMS. It is well known that a major-
ity of this body favor that amendment. It is
: equally as well known that a majority of the other
! branch of Congtess do not favor it. Now, I sub-
J mit to Senators, whether, after two or threedehb-
i erate votes have been taken in the other branch,
, this body will still continue to consume time with
j that, when they know as well as they can know
; anything that, according to the intention of the
I Constitution itself, it cannot become a law at the
1 present time. The Constitution contemplated that
no proposition should become a law unless it met
; with the sanction of a majority of both branches
| of Congress.
i There have been two deliberate votes—one upon
I the deficiency bill, and the other upon this bill, as
is known to Senators, on both of which the prop-
: osition has been rejected m the other House.
. Why will we add it to this bill, and send it back
: there to accumulate the difficulties which exist
between the two Houses, when we already know
j that the ma jority of the other House are opposed
: to it? I shall not interpose any difficulty in the
1 way, although I have npt voted for it myself. I
; am always willing to be governed by the majority,
[ and but for the fact that it is known that a major-
ity in the other House are opposed to it, I should
I not oppose it now. I hope it will not be ingraft-
i ed upon this bill. We have a sufficient number
of &fficulties necessarily arising between the two
HdXes on the bill, without placing upon it a prop-
osition to which we know a majority of the other
House are opposed.
Mr. BADGER. What has passed we know.
What is future we can only predict. My friend
from Mississippi says this provision, he is certain,
cannot become a law. Sir, that is very far from
being certain.
Mr. ADAMS. The Senator has misappre-
hended my remarks. 1 did notsay it was ceitain
that it could not become a law. I said it was cer-
tain from two deliberate votes in the other House,
that the majority were opposed to it; and if it can
become a law, it will be against their deliberate
judgment, and contrary to the spirit of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. BADGER. Itamounts to the same thing;
and 1 wish to state the considerations which influ-
ence me in coming to the conclusion that we ought
to put this amendment on this bill. This is not a
proposition to introduce an original matter into
the appropriation bill. At the last Congress we
passed an act in which it was provided that water
should be supplied to the cities of Washington
and Georgetown, upon a plan to be approved by
the President of the United States. That is a law
which both Houses and the President assented
to. The President, under the law, adopted a
plan. It then became a plan adopted by law—the
plan of the President—s*elected by him under the
authority of this law, being of just the same legal
effect and operation as if it had been inserted in
the law itseif. Then the President, under the au-
thority of that law, having adopted a plan, and
having commenced the execution of it, this is a
proposition to make an appropriation for the pur-
pose of carrying out the existing law. That is
the.state of the case now. We know very well
that the appropriation cannot be made withoutthe
consent of Congress; neither can an appropria-
tion be made for the salary of the President with-
out the consent of Congress. But, surely, even
if the House have declined twice to make the ap-
propriation, it is fair for us to presume that they
may, on the third occasion, perceive the propriety
of it. At all events, it is our duty to propose it
to them. ^
Mr. CASS. When this matter was first brought
forward, I was opposed to it, as I wa3 to the ex-
tension of the Capitol. I did not think that the
projects in either case had been properly matured.
I thought they required more consideration. I
thought so then, and I think so now. But, sir,
when the proposition for the renewal of an ap-
propriation for the Capitol extension came on,
though I voted against making the extension in
the first instance, I voted for carrying it on in the
second instance. I shall vote for this. I have a
great regard for, and I take a great interest in,the
rums of centuries which carry us back, with the
power of association, to the glorious deeds and
days which are accumulated in history. But I
take no interest in the ruins of a day or a year—
ruins made by the vacillations of Congresses, by
change in our legislation from day to day. It is
not creditable to7our country. A work like this,
when begun,should be carried on without any lim-
itation that may be placed upon it, so that it may
be restricted at> much as possible in the expend-
itures; but after having been commenced, certainly
it should be gone on with. Being opposed, there-
foie, to this kind of vacillation, which is bad in
itself, and bad in its example, I shall vote for the
appropriation.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. This amendment is, I
believe, in regard to the city water-works. I ex-
cepted to it when it was submitted on Saturday,
when the Senate was making progress with the
bill by disposing of amendments which had been
submitted by the committee. 1 know, sir, that
the struggle which I make here is a vain one. We
have had the manifestation of the will of the Sen-
ate on previous occasions; but I intend still to
struggle against it, and my hope lies with the
people's representatives, who reflect their will in
the other House. I hope that it will there meet
with its death blow. Of all the many extravagant
appropriations which have been made by Con-
gress for this capital, I regard this as the most so;
as the most improper in almost every respect; for
it will encourage the people in this city to rely
upon themselves for nothing, but to look to Con-
gress for everything.
