310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
upon this subject, nor of other gentlemen who.
have followed upon the same side of the question.
I have listened, and listened in vain, for some ob-
jection which could be legitimately urged against
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.] Whatever may have been the
errors in the estimates of the different Secretaries
upon this subject—whatever may have been the
mistakes of the former or the present member
from Louisville in reference to the amount neces-
sary for the completion of this custom-house—and
whatever may have been the prodigality of the
Government m former appropriations, it can have
110 proper bearing upon the question of granting
this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
No further debate being in order upon the
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. LETCHER asked unanimous consent to
withdraw it.
The question was put, and the amendment to
Mr. WALSH. I object.
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend the
amendment so as to increase the amount of the ap-
propriation to $41,000, in order that I may say a
few words.
It appears to me that the opposition to these ap-
propriations, which are said to be necessary by
the Secretary of the Treasury to complete the
"various custom-houses in question, is based upon
very erroneous grounds. If I understood the
honorable gentleman who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means yesterday, he said
~that Cincinnati asked for an appropriation of
^$40,000. Sir, I deny it. I say the United States
Government asks for the appropriation, and the
Government of the United States, through the
Secretary of the Treasury, now says that §40,000
is necessary for the completion of the custom-
house in progress of erection at Louisville. It is
not, in my humble judgment, Louisville and Cin-
cinnati that ask these appropriations, but the Gov-
ernment of the United States, to enable them to.
collect the duties upon imported goods at the
great cities in the western country, which gentle-
men seem to overlook, in the vast amount of ap-
propriations necessary to be made now to carry
on the Government of the United States.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
endeavored to show the House yesterday that
there was no necessity for an appropriation for
Cincinnuti, by instituting a comparison between
the custom-house at that city and the one at Nor-
folk; and there was one fact elicited in the discus-
sion to which I wish now to allude. It is said that
at Norfolk we have a custom-house built at an ex-
pense of 8110,000, with eighteen or twenty em-
ployees, while at Cincinnati $212,000 have been
expended on a custom-house where there are but
two employees. Now, what is the necessity for
employing twenty persons at Norfolk, and but
two at Cincinnati and Louisville? If there is no
such necessity, why there is a fine field of reform
for gentlemen to enter on. Cut down the number
of employees at Norfolk, where only $30,000 is
collected, and give an equal number to Cincinnati,
where they collect $250,000 a year. Place there,
and at Louisville, at St. Louis, and in other por-
tions of the great western country that will soon
control the destinies of tins nation, suitable cus-
tom-houses, court-houses, and post offices, with
a suitable number of employees.
Sir, this is a petty business in my view of it.
If we are to commence reform, strike at some-
thing larger than the small sum required for the
completion of the custom-houses at Cincinnati and
Louisville. Do not begin by striking ofF §40,000,
which the Secretary of the Treasury says is ren-
dered necessary by the increase in the prices of
labor, of real estate, and of provisions. Why,
while we are talking about these custom-houses,
the prices of real estate, as you are well aware,
have advanced to double, treble, quadruple what
they were four years ago; they have advanced all
around us, in Washington, to four times what they
were four years ago. These buildings belong to the
United States, and not particularly to Louisville,
Cincinnati, and St. Louis; and 1 trust there will
be no further opposition on the part of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to appropriations
which seem to be imperiously called for, if we are
to believe the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sir, I dislike very much this indirect censure of
a former Secretary of the Treasury, because he
put in what are called estimates of what might be
necessary to build these custom-houses. What
are estimates? They are mere guesses, after all.
Can you keep up with the progress of these
things in this country, and say what provisions,
and real estate, and so forth, will be held at three
or four years hence? You cannot do it. Expe-
rience shows that you cannot; and therefore no
Secretary is justly censurable for a failure to
make his estimates cover all that may be required
in cases like this. I think that as the present
Secretary of the Treasury asks for it, §40,000
ought to be granted 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. This may be a very (t petty
business " in the estimation of the gentleman from
Ohio who has just taken his seat; but I think that
if the gentleman attempts to meddle in a t( petty
business," he might just as well examine into it
before he enters upon the discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I take it for granted that I
understand it quite as well as the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt the gentle-
man thinks he understands it much better than I
do. 1 may be, unfortunately, in his position.
Now, the gentleman says, why not cut down
the number of employees at Norfolk to two, as at
Cincinnati ? Does any gentleman who has looked
into the subject not know an answer to that ques-
tion at once? Norfolk is a port of entry, while
Cincinnati is a port of delivery. At Norfolk you
have necessarily a collector, surveyors, day and
night inspectors, and watchmen. Such officers are
necessary to all ports of entry. A port of deliv-
ery is an entirely different thing. All the watching,
all the inspecting, all the labor of the collections
made at Louisville and Cincinnati is performed at
New Orleans, or at some of the ports on the At-
lantic coast. You then see the reason why the
number of employees at Norfolk should not be
decreased. That number is absolutely necessary.
It is a port of entry, and all inspections, exam-
inations, and appraisements, and things of that
kind, have to be conducted there. You cannot
get along without them.
My friend from Louisville [Mr. Preston] puts
the application upon a ground that I desire to no-
tice for a moment. He presumes—and I desire
Democrats to listen—that this $40,000 is wanted
for Democratic contractors, superintendents, or
what not.
Mr. PRESTON". I stated the Secretary had
said that the price of labor had risen, and that 
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 heard what the gentle-
man stated. I ask the Democratic portion of this
committee if the gentleman who lives in that dis-
trict, and represents it in this House, puts the ap-
propriation, which I believe to be extravagant and
useless, upon the ground that it is intended to be
given to Democratic contractors for jobs, because
they are Democrats—that it is intended to put
fees in the pockets of Democratic superintendents,
as he has more than intimated in the presence of
the committee, whether they will vote the appro-
priation? When the appropriation is charged in
our teeth to be designed by this Democratic Ad-
ministration for its Democratic appointees, will
the Democrats of this committee vote for it?
The gentleman from Ohio says, furthermore,
that Cincinnati did not ask for this appropriation.
That, certainly, is an important discovery. I do
not know that Cincinnati did ask for it; but that
is the referenceusnally made to such things. The
appropriation was asked for this place; and my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] says that
he has heard no reason why this curtailment
should be made. Well, I will give a reason: You
have got enough of money to finish the house now.
He argued as though the house, if this appropria-
tion were not granted, would have to remain in
an unfinished condition. That is not so; for the
documents before us show that the building can
be finished; but the Secretary says that it would
be considerably injured m its appearance and
safety, if it be finished without the present ap-
propriation. The Secretary of the Treasury has
made ail the contracts on the condition that if
Congress do not grant any more money at this
session, the custom-house shall be finished for
what has already been given.
Mr. EWING. What does the gentleman mean
by finish ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That the building shall be
completed upon the plans and estimates which
have been before Congress, and which my honor-
able friend from the Louisville district [Mr. Pres-
ton] exhibited here at the last session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio.
The amendment was withdrawn by unanimo.us
consent
Mr. MILLSON moved,pro fotmcty to reduce the
sum proposed to be appropriated. .
Mr. M. said: Certainly, sir, I had no intention
whatever to engage in this discussion. I did not
wish to do so, and, indeed, declined an invitation
tendered to me to take part in the present debate.
The reference, however, made on both sides of the
House to the district I represent, make it, per-
haps, somewhat obligatory on me to say a word or
two.
I really do not know why the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Taylor] should deem it necessary to
refer to the number of persons employed in the
Norfolk custom-house. There is no question be-
fore the committee,and nonelikely tocomebefore
it, respecting that custom-house. I say to the gen-
tleman, that the fact that the present number of
persons employed there has been retained for
many years past, and through many Administra-
tions, would seem to show that their services were
required by the Government. But I now say also
to the gentleman from Ohio, that if there are more
employed there than a proper regard for the public
interest requires, I should be, perhaps, the last
man on this floor to demand that they shall be con-
tinued in office.
I would not, sir, attempt to justify the employ-
ment of an unnecessary number of agents, because
that employment might be of my constituents,and
in my district. But the number employed at the
ports of Norfolk and Portsmouth has been over-
stated. The whole number, including the collec-
tor and his deputy, clerks, surveyor, inspectors,
weighers, watchmen, and three surveyors at
Hampton, Suffolk, and Smithfield, is only fifteen.
1 state to the gentleman from Ohio, that there is
an obvious necessity for the employment of these
agents. He must remember that Norfolk—though
the amount of duties actually collected there isnot
very large, and is, perhaps, not commensurate
with its importance—is connected with the cus-
toms in very many particulars. We have a very
large coasting trade; we have a tonnage greater
than that of any port between Norfolk and New
Orleans, except Mobile, Charleston, and Savan-
nah—and it is nearly equal to Savannah. Nor-
folk, too, is the headquarters of the light-house
establishment of that district; it is, also, the head-
quarters of the revenue marine for the Chesapeake
Bay and the waters of Virginia, Unfortunately
there are occasional shipwrecks on the coast in the
neighborhood,and within the district of Norfolk,
making it necessary that a number of inspectors
and other officers should be appointed, for the pur-
pose of visiting the scene of shipwreck, and of
protecting the interests of the revenue.
This much I deemed it necessary to say, because
the gentleman seemed to suppose there was an
unnecessary number of agents employed at Nor-
folk. It is true I have been opposed to these
lavish appropriations for building custom-houses,
involving in some cases a cost of millions of dol-
lars, as 1 am opposed to other extravagant ex-
penditures; yet there is one consolation that I feel
when I contemplate the prodigal legislation in
which some gentlemen would plunge us, and that
is, that these wasteful appropriations of thepubMe
money will necessarily require a considerable re-
duction in the duties on imports for the purpose
of meeting these large expenditures. Yes, sir,
unless very considerable reductions are made in
the duties on imports, so that we may collect reve-
nue from articles now excluded by protective
duties, our revenue will hardly be sufficient to meet
the enormous expenditure we are incurring 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. PRESTON. There is one statement which
I desire to make. It is, that for all the custom-
houses recommended here by the Secretary of the
Treasury—including that of St. Louis, Mobile,
Cincinnati, Louisville,and Wilmington—the whole
of the appropriations amount to somewhat less
than three hundred thousand dollars—an appro-
priation which would not be sufficient to build one
