1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
good frigate. And yet we hear the cry of enor-
mous expenditures; the enormous demands for
these custom-houses; while the whole are not
equal to the cost of building one good frigate of
the Navy of the United States.
A Voice. I want to put a question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot yield the floor
further. I have only about two and a half minutes,
and that i need for my own use. It is all the time
I want. I have not participated in the discussion
when my own State was interested in these cus-
tom-house appropriations, for the reason that I
felt that the commercial interests of Cincinnati
were safe in the hands of the gentleman who had
charge of them, [Mr. Disney;] but I desirenow to
say a word in behalf of the interests of Kentucky.
I feel disposed to stand by and protect the interests
of that gallant State.
I have looked into this matter, and I am satisfied
that there is something in the old saying that there
is such a thing as being " penny wise and pound
foolish." With all due deference to the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means, I am a
little inclined to think that he is one of that sort.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party represent-
ed 011 this floor by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] cameinundera pledge that there
should be a system of public economy pursued.
A day or two ago an eloquentgentlem&n from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] complimented very highly the
economical efforts of the Democratic party now in
power. He said that if the people could but see
their labors to enforce the principles of economy,
they would rejoice over it with exceeding great
joy, &c.
Well, sir, I find that in the exercise of this
wholesome economy, your Secretary of the Treas-
ury has recommended this additional appropriation
as necessary to complete the custom-house, and
protect the public interest. This comes from our
political opponents, it comes from an Adminis-
tration to which I am opposed—an Administration
pledged to economy—and I feel bound, as one of
the Representatives of the American people, sent
here as a guardian of the Treasury, to sustain this
estimate of Secretary Guthrie, because he recom-
mends them on the principle of economy. Besides,
when you build a custom-house atLouisville,itis
to be auational work. Should it ever fall to my
lot to pass through that beautiful city with a friend,
I should like to point out that structure to him as
one of our national monuments. It ought to be
no mean edifice. They, doubtless, could build
there an office which would contain a clerk and a
surveyor, with little expense; but the nation has un-
dertaken to build a custom-house—a national work
—and your Democratic Administration, which
stands pledged to economy, has said that the
amount which my friend from Louisville [Mr.
Preston] has asked, is necessary in order to com-
plete that work. It is for this reason that I shall
vote for it, and I hope this committee and the
House will pass it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson.]
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. HIBBARD. I propose to reduce the
amount to one dollar. The amount of duties col-
lected at this point is §48,000. There is not one
foreign vessel which enters at that port; and it
appears, by the report of the Secretary, that there
is but one person employed in the collection of
this duty.
Now, sir, to build a custom-house to accommo-
date one man in doing the tremendous duties
which devolve upon him, we have appropriated
already §178,745, at different times, upon the ur-
gent motion of the gentleman from that locality,
[Mr. Preston.]
Now, it has been argued by one gentleman
from Kentucky, that if we do not appropriate this
additional sum, the custom-house at Louisville
will remain unfinished. There is only about
$16,000 of this money already applied, and it
leaves a balance available, as reported to this
House by the Secretary, of $155,892. They have
expended about $16,000, and they have over
$150,000 left to build a custom-house in the city
of Louisville, where not one foreign vessel enters,
and where, I might say, they do not need a custom-
house at ail. To accommodate one man, they
want $40,000 more; $150,000 will not suffice to
build a house for him. They said, before this
appropriation was made, that they would finish
it. They can finish it, and they will finish it, for
the sum already appropriated, whether we increase
it or not. There will be no such effect produced
by refusing the appropriation as the gentleman
fears. If there would be, it would have no terrors
for me, and £ would leave the building unfinished,
as a monument of extravagance and folly. Nor-
folk has been referred to; but I wish to say that I
was against the appropriation at Norfolk.
But how stands the fact with reference to Louis-
ville, in comparison with Norfolk? They collect
as much money at Norfolk as they do at Louis-
ville. Eighty-nine foreign vessels came into Nor-
folk during the last year; and they have twenty
employees there,instead of one,to furnish with a
place in which to transact the people's business;
and the whole amount that is proposed to be ap-
propriated is about one half of what the gentle-
man from Louisville wants for the custom-house
at that place. When we get into the House—if
this amendment be adopted in committee—I hope
gentlemen will come up then, and vote under-
standing^ upon this fact—that with $150,000 to
apply, in addition to §16,000 already spent in
building a house for man to work in, and for whom
a desk in a single room would be sufficient, they
now ask for $40,000 more. That is the question
I want to see decided.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] and say a few words
in reply to a portion of his remarks. He is gross-
ly mistaken when he supposes that the custom-
house at Louisville is designed only to accommo-
date a single person, and it is treating the subject
unfairly so to represent it. The object of the
building is not only to accommodate thenecessaiy
officers of the customs at that place, but also to
provide rooms for one of the largest distributing
post offices in the western country. The post
office at Louisville distributes the mail matter for
a large portion of the western and southern coun-
try, and there are employed in it, as clerks and
otherwise, not less than sixty individuals; a large
portion of the house, therefore, must be occupied
by them, and the balance only devoted to custom
purposes. The building is not only to be a cus-
tom-house, but a distributing post office, and the
gentleman misstates the fact, when he charges that
but a single individual is to be accommodated.
I am in favor of, and shall vote for, the appro-
priation asked for by my colleague, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] because I believe it to be necessary, and 1
because the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guth- j
rie, whose duty it is to be familiar with the subject, ;
has, in his official capacity, earnestly recommended
it. I think I know enough of the prudent and
economical character of the Secretary to say, that
he would be the last man to recommend an appro-
priation of this character ifit were not reasonable,
and demanded by the necessity of the case. I am
willing to adopt his recommendation, and vote for
the appropriation.
The gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. i
Hibbard] says, that of the appropriations already !
made, but $16,000 have been expended. That ]
may be true, sir, and still not show that this addi- i
tional sum is not necessary to complete and make
the building safe for the purposes designed. The
plan has been adopted, I presume, and the founda-
tions laid, and any alterations now, with aview of
accommodating the structure to the appropriation, ;
may "be both destructive to the safety and the j
convenience of the building. Let me tell my j
friend something of the nature of the system by j
which these custom-houses all over the Union are j
constructed. In the Department of the Treasury j
there is "employed an accomplished architect, '
whose duty it is to draw plans and present esti- j
mates for the buildings in whatever locality it may i
be designed to erect them. These plans and esti- |
mates are submitted to the Secretary, and if ap- j
proved by him, contracts are made in pursuance
therewith. In addition to the architect who ori-
ginates the plans, local superintendents are em-
ployed at each building, to superintend their con-
struction, see that the plans are followed, and
the contracts made by the Secretary fully com-
plied with. I have been also informed, that in
addition to the architect and local superintend-
ents, an officer of the engineer corps is employed,
who has a sort of general supervision of the whole,
and circulates from place to place, to see that*
the work progresses properly, and the local super-
intendents do their duty. Now, sir, if these offi-
cers, in the mode of executing the work, or in
departing from, or in making additions to, the
plans, make necessary increased appropriations,
by improper expenditures for these purposes,
then they should be held responsible, and not the
members of this House, who happen to live in
the localities where these buildings are in the
course of construction. I think it ungenerous
and unkind that my colleague, [Mr. Preston,]
who happens to represent the city of Louisville,
should be reproached because the refusal of the
Committee on Ways and Means to respect the
recommendations Of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, has made it necessary for him, injustice to
his constituents, to ask tor this appropriation,
when he had no more to do with the causes which
increased the expenditure than I or any other
member on the floor. Let the responsibility rest
where it properly belongs—upon the employees
of the Government, and not upon any member
of the House.
I am not surprised, sir, that the estimates in
these cases have been transcended. When did you
ever know a military engineer placed in charge
of a civil work under the Government that the
expenses were not greatly increased? You have
an illustrious example right under your nose, in
the work upon the extension of the Capitol. The
civil superintendency of that work has been abol-
ished , and an engineer called from his rightful duty
in the construction of the military defenses of the
country, to take charge of and manage it. I ven-
ture to assert, that alterations in the plan of the
building, and the military mode of executing th$
work and procuring materials, will swell the aggre-
gate of expenditure to twice the amount of the
original estimates. It is not in the line of a mili-
tary engineer to be familiar with the details of a
building of such an architectural character; and
though I do not design to reflect, in the slightest
degree, upon the talents or character of the engi-
neer in charge, I do assert that it is not the place
for him; and the work will cost you in the end
twice as much as you expected when it was first
authorized.
Mr. HIBBARD. I call the gentleman from
Kentucky to order. I do not see what that has
to do with the subject.
Mr. STANTON. If an allusion to that mat-
ter hurts the gentleman, I will take my seat, and
save him the trouble of making his point of or-
der.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. BISSELL moved a pro forma amendment,
and proceeded to say : Mr. Chairman, there is
one fact which will go very far to fix my determ-
ination in reference to the vote I shall give upon
this question; it is that of the money heretofore
appropriated to accomplish this object, more than
$150,000 remains unexpended. This being the
fact, I confess, notwithstanding the explanation
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] that 1 cannot see the necessity of enlarging
that amount by $40,000 at this time. I have heard
no reason from the gentleman from Kentucky,
nor from any other quarter, sufficient to satisfy
me of the propriety of increasing the amount now
on hand, which is $155,000, to $195,000, and I
shall therefore vote against the appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to occupy a minute in
opposition to this amendment, in giving this com-
mittee some of the reasons which will govern my
vote here, and which have governed my action in
the Committee on Ways and Means.
I foresee that this amendment—I mean the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston]—will pass in this committee;
and I am not prepared to say but, upon the ab-
stract merits of the question, aside from the posi-
tion in which it presents itself here, it ougnt to
pass the House, but not in this bill. Sir, I am
opposed to this amendment, and to all similar
amendments in this bill, for the reason that the
custom-houses we have had under consideration
have be£h built principally by deficiencies, and
not by legitimate appropriations; and this is an
attempt to continue the construction of them by
appropriations for deficiencies.
The manner in which they are managed is this:
We make a small appropriation for the purpose
