sm
THE OONGRISSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2/
' of purchasing: a site. Then, whoever is at the
head of the Treasury Department, pressed as he
is by those about him locally interested, thinks
the expenditure may as well be enlarged in refer-
ence to the particular work, and enters into some
contract, or some arrangement, without an appro-
priation, and in advance of the action of this
House and of Congress.
Now, sir, I have placed my vote in the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and I mean to place
it here, simply upon the ground, that in reference
to such expenditures by the Government this
House should lead, and the Executive officers fol-
low. If the Committee on Commerce, or any
gentleman who has this matter at heart, will to-
morrow, or at any reasonable time, introduce a
bill which shall place a proper guard or restriction
around these custom-houses, and around the officer
who has the construction of them in charge, I am
ready to vote, and will vote, for it; and when it is
adopted, 1 am ready to vote, and will vote, the
amount of money which the Secretary may think
necessary, or which he now thinks necessary, to
complete these custom-houses. I do not doubt but
that these houses ought to be completed; nay,
more, there are others that ought to be built; but,
sir, they should be built upon some system, not
by allowing the Secretary of the Treasury to con-
tract for any amount he chooses, but by having
estimates properly submitted in advance, and upon
approval by this House. Let Congress make
the appropriations in advance of the contract and
the labor, and avoid this following after the Sec-
retary, and constructing our public works and edi-
fices on a system of deficiencies, so to speak.
Sir, I am not speaking with reference to the
''present Secretary particularly, nor am 1 speaking
with reference to any one in the past; but we owe
it to those in the future, and we owe it to our-
selves, and the country, that we put upon the
Secretaries some legal restraint; that we should
make them responsible for the contracts they make
unauthorized by Congress.
There should be some specific amount provided,
beyond which no Secretary could go; that amount
should be placed in your regular appropriation
bills, and not made up by deficiencies. Some gen-
eral system; some general plan; some general
bill, with appropriate restrictions, should be
adopted. This House should assert its rights, ;
and the Executive branch of the Government j
should be made to follow this House in the admin- 1
istration of law.
For these reasons, and others of like character,
as one of the members of the Committee on Ways
and Means, I have resisted what 1 believe to be a
usurpation upon the rights of this House upon
the part of an Executive oflirer of the Govern-
ment, in making contracts for the expenditure of
money in advance of appropiiafions by Congiess,
and thus, year after year, creating these large de-
ficiencies. I know, sir, it has been done by former
officers as well as this one; they are equally
wrong. I have not given my consent to former
appropriations for deficiencies of this character,
and I cannot give my conscnt now.
Mr. McMULLlN. I have been very much
gratified by recent developments, and especially
from my friend from New Hampshire 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that the discussion, under the rule,
upon the pending amendments has exhausted it-
self.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not my purpose to
enter into any discussion. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 49) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the j
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, j
1854>"and had come to no resolution thereon. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do j
now adjourn. ^ I
The question was put, and the motion agreed |
to, and,   |
At,a charter before four o'clock the House ad- j
jourhed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m. I
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 2, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of a com*
mittee of the Corporation of Georgetown, praying
the Construction of a bridge across the Potomac,
at a point above that town, known as the " Three j
Sisters," and remonstrating against the erection
of any more bridges below their harbor; which
was referred to tbe Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Mary
F. B. Leverly, widow of Ilenry Leverly, captain
of the private armed schooner Nonsuch, praying
to be allowed arrears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EVERETT presented the memorial of j
Lucy Audubon, praying that Congress would |
purchase the original drawings of the work of her
late husband on the birds of America; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore presented a reso-
lution of the select and common councils of Phila-
delphia, in favor of granting one hundred and
sixty acres of land to each of the soldiers of the
last war with Gieat Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New York, asking Congress to
enact such laws as may be necessary to secure
the health of passengers on board of emigrant ships
arriving m the ports of the United States; which
was read, and ordered to he on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of mem-
bers of the county court of Henderson county,
Illinois, praying that a grant of land may be made
to the Warsaw and Rockford Railroad Company;
which was refeired to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dixon, and a pe-
tition of citizens of Chicago, in the State of Illi-
nois, praying that a grant of land may be made to
aid m the construction of a railroad fiom Lyons,
via Iowa City, to Council Bluffs; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEIDELL, it was
Ordeicd, Thai Uio iiieinori.il «;( Andrew Hodge, jr., be
withdrawn from th > tilo  of the Senate, and refeired to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot Jacob Cooper, son of Apol-
los Coopei, l>u withdrawn from the liies 01 The Senate, and
relened to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordnctl, That the memorial of ftulef Van Brunt be
wuhdeuvn I'ioiii the files of the Senate, and refeired to the
Committee on Claims.
BILLS SIGNED.
A messoge was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing to the Senate that the Speaker of the
House had signed the following enrolled bills:
An act to provide a place for the holding of
the courts of the United States in the southern dis-
trict of New York, and for other purposes;"
u An art to constitute Clnincy, in the State of
Illinois, a port of delivery;" and
" An act granting the franking privilege to the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey and.the as-
sistant in charge of the office of the said Coast
Survey."
Which then received the signature of the Pres*
1DL.NT pro turn.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Selina
C. Sumner, praying a gratuity in consideration of
the discovery by her husband of a new method of
finding a ship's position at sea, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the purchase of the copy-
right of a work published by Thomas H.Sumner,
wherein he describes his new method of ascer-
taining a ship's position at sea; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Thomas Butler, pray-
ing compensation for work done in building the I
light-house on Execution Rock not required by the
contract, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells, passed
midshipmen in the Navy, praying to be allowed
additional compensation during the time they per-
formed the duties of a higher grade, reported a bill
for their relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which was referred the
petition of Henry Yates and Archibald Mclntyre,
representing that they are owners of certain lands
sold by the United States, and praying authority
to locate an equal quantity of land on any of the
unsold and unappropriated lands in the State of
Louisiana, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, which was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Land*:, to whom was referred the bill to
establish a land district in the State of Florida, to
be called the district of Tampa, reported back the
same without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill making a grant of land to the
State of California to aid in ^ the construction of
railroads from San Francisco to San Jose, Benicia
to Marysville, Sacramento City, via Auburn to
Nevada City, and Stockton to Sonora, reported
back the same with amendments.'
He also, from the same committee, to whohi
was referred the bill to lay off the town of Coun-
cil Bluffs, in Iowa,reporteditback with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, together with a
; report on the subject; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill granting
to the State of Wisconsin land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Madison to the Mis-
sissippi river, reported back the same with amend-
ments.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of M.
Jean Deplaign, a French subject, prayiflj? indem-
nity for certain property seized by the naval force
of the United States, after the surrender of Fron-
tera de Tabasco, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill, giving
further time for satisfying claims to bounty land,
and for other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
petition of John W. Griffiths and William Norris,
leported in favor of printing the petition; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion of Mr. Bright to print addi-
tional copies of the report of the Committee on
Finance on the bill to provide for the surrender of
certain bonds of the State of Indiana, held by the
United States, reported in favor of printing one
thousand additional copies of the report; which
was concurred in.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was leferred the bill to provide for the public
printing, engraving, and binding, reported it with-
out amendment.
SEIZURE OF THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Clayton on Tuesday last, was considered, and
agreed to.
" Resolved, That the President be requested to commu-
nicate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, copies of all correspondence between the Govern-
ments of the United States and Great Britain in regard to
the Sandwich IMands, including copies of all communica-
tions between the Secretary of State and Mr. Fox, the
British Minister, during the years 1843 and 1844, in regard
to the independence of those inlands, and especially of the
letters of Mr. Fox to Mr. Upshur of the 25th of June, 1843,
and of Mr. Upshur to Mr. Fox of the 5th July,.1843 ; also
a copy of any protest or other communication from the King
of the Sandwich Islands to this Government in regard to
the seizure of those islands by Lord George Paulet, com-
mander of his Britannic Majesty's ship Carysfort, and ot
any reply of this Government thereto."
