ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,s
sary to bring the water in. I shall not detain the
Senate; but really it seems to me, whether Sen-
ators considered it prudent or imprudent at the
commencement to sanction the thing, as we have
already entered up"on it, and expended §105,000,
it would be bod economy now to stop it.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 iiave heretofore objected to
this appropriation, thinking that primarily the
city of Washington, having a much greater in-
terest in it, ought to have moved in the matter;
and it does seem to me very strange that a city of
its magnitude, with its resources, and with so
many inducements as those which have been de-
picted here, should be to indifferent to its own
interests as to be a metropolitan dependent on the
public Treasury. Sir, I have every sympathy for
the people here, but they ought to set an example;
and if we embark in this undertaking, and pay
money out of the public Treasury, what interest
will they have to take care of it ? None at all.
The repairs must be bestowed from our funds;
and, therefore, I "say—and I am going yery far
when I say so—I am perfectly willing to vote
with the honorable Senator from Louisiana to in-
corporate into this appropriation what will oper-
ate as a security upon the city authorities, that
they will have some interest, and will exercise
some degree of diligence in relation to the matter.
They ought to have originated it, and not, like
dependents, ask the public Treasury for every-
thing. There are clever men, men of talent, men
of enterprise here, whose property is interested,
and, if my friend from Virginia will allow me to
say so, if the people of the city can put up with
nuisances without moving to put them aside until
we wash them out with water from the Potomac,
I do not think they come forward with very good
grace to Congress for the appropriation. I am
willing, however, to vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HAMLIN, I feel disposed to vote for the
appropriation, but 1 want to add to it the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Louisiana, that
this city and Georgetown shall contribute a por-
tion of the fund. Whether the amount proposed
by the amendment of the Senator as the propor-
tion which they should contribute, is more or less
than would be right and equitable, I am not pre-
pared to say. But, sir, there is one other limita-
tion to which I invite the attention of the Senate.
If I understand the reports in this case", they pro-
vide that the main aqueduct is to be nine leet in
diameter. The Croton works have an aqueduct
of but seven feet in diameter, and it supplies a
population of more than half a million, perhaps
three quarters of a million—a population probably
greater than ever can inhabit this city. If I un-
derstand it, it is now proposed to build an aque-
duct here nine feet in diameter, which would
compare with one of 3even feet as forty-mne to
eighty-one—almost twice as large—and the ex-
penditure would be very nearly double, in conse-
quence of the increase in the size. The volume
of water, the head which it would have, and the
force which it would exercise upon the aqueduct,
would necessari iy require on e of very great strength
to resist the power of the water in it. I apprehend
that the expenditure, in that portion of the work,
for an aqueduct nine feet in diameter would be at
least double that for one of seven feet; and when
we reflect that so large a city as New York is
Supplied, and amply supplied, by an aqueduct of
only seven feet, I think we shall only do justice
if we restrict arid limit this aqueduct to the same
dimensions. I therefore offer a proviso to that
effect, which I hope my friendjfrom Louisiana will
accept as a part of the one which he has already
offered.
Mr. SLIDELL. J have here another amend-
ment of a similar character to the one which 1
have offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Louisiana to modify
his amendment according to the suseestion of the
Senator from Maine?
Mr. SLIDELL. I am about to offer a substi-
tute for that amendment. The one which I have
offered was drawn up very hastily by me since I
came into the Senate to-day. One has since been
put into my hand. It is more artistically and care-
fully drawn, but on the same principle. I will
offer it as a substitute for the amendment. It is
suggested to me, however, that it would be better
to have the sense of the Senate taken separately
upon the proposition which is suggested by my
friend from Maine. I therefore offer the follow-
ing as a substitute for the amendment of the com-
mittee:
•
" For continuing (he work of bringing water into the city
of Washington, on the plan adopted by the President of the
United States, in pursuance of the act of Congress of the
3d of March, 1853, $500,000: Provided} That no part of the
sum hereby appropriated shall be expended until the coipo-
rations of Washington and Georgetown, or either of them,
shall appropriate and pay an amount equal to one third of
the said sum for the said purpose; and full power and
authority are hereby given to the said corporations respect-
ively to raise by loan, or otherwise, any sum of money that
may be necessary to enable them, or either of them, to make
the appropriation herein required; and said corpojations
of Washington and Georgetown, and the inhabitants of said
cities respectively, or the corporation making the appropri-
ation, and the inhabitants of said city, shall be authorized
to use the surplus water which may be brought hy the
Washington aqueduct, after supplying the Government es-
tablishments in Washington, under such general rules and
regulations as may hereafter be provided by Congress ; and
each of said corporations shall have the right to charge
and to collect on the inhabitants of the said city such rea-
sonable tax or rents for the use of the water as will provide
for the regular payment of the interest, and gradual pay-
ment of the principal, of any money which may be raised
under the authority hereby given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the substitute offered by the Senator
frpm Louisiana, for the amendment of the com-
mittee. .
Mr. HUNTER. I shall agree entirely with
the substitute, if, instead of one-third, the Senator
will insert one-fourth, as the sum to be assessed
on the city. I believe if we should insert one
fourth instead of one third, the two cities would
cooperate cheerfully and heartily; we should
have the amendment carried through the other
House, and we should be able to secure water,
w is certainly a great necessity in this city.
I do not think when we appropriate money to
bring water into the city that we are appropri-
ating it merely for the use of the city. 1 think
the Government is deeply interested in it. We,
who are brought here annually for the purpose
of legislating for the country, are interested m
having® supply of pure and wholesome water—a
plentiful supply for the uses of all who are in the
city. We are interested, too, on account of the
public buildings; and for that reason I look with
more favor upon- an appropriation of this charac-
ter, in which, it seems to me, we are more emi-
nently interested, than upon any others for the
city. All the people oftheUnion, who are inter-
ested in this Government, are interested in pro-
viding it with the necessary means and facilities
to conduct its operations with comfort to the mem-
bers of the two Houses. 1 would, therefore, if it
is in order, in order to test the sense of the Senate,
move to strike out " one third," and insert " one
fourth;" and then I will go for the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana with all my heart.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Virginia, that
that will not be in order. The proposition pend-
ing is an amendment to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. Then there is no way m
which we can test the sense of the Senate on my
proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. BADGER. The Senate can vote down
this proposition, and then the Senator from Vir-
ginia can renew it with the modification he sug-
Mr. PRATT. The Senator's object can be ob-
! tainedby voting down this, or, if this is adopted
; it can be amended.
i Mr. HUNTER. I cannot offer an amendment
' to it after it has been agreed to. In order to get
j at my object, then, I shall have to vote against the
I amendment of the Senator from Louisiana, with
| the view of offering it again with " one fourth"
! instead of "one-third."
! Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 trust the Senator
! from Virginia will make up his mind to sustain
the very wholesome amendment offered by the
Senator from Louisiana, (for the difference be-
tween one third and one fourth is not so great,)
and especially when I had made up my mind to
go for the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana, and when it would appear to be more proper
that each of the cities should give one third, and
the Government only one third. I believe the
population of this city is about fifty thousand,
and I apprehend the Government employees, from
the President down, would not number two thou-
sand. But I wish to call attention to the fact that
$2,319,000 have been appropriated for buildings
in this city since 1850.
Mr. HUNTER. If we could get a general vote
of the Senate for the proposition putting one third
of the expense on the cities, I should prefer
it as an amendment to the original proposition;
for I want something that we can carry; but I be-
believe one-fourth would be about the right thing,
and I believe the cities would go into that cheer-
fully. 1 hope, therefore, the Senator from lOwa
will agree to making it one fourth, and then we
will go together.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana. I will ask what is the object of the liber-
ality of this'Government in the supply of a city
like this with an abundance of pure and whole-
some water? Every one knows that a great defi-
ciency of water exists here, and that what we have
is generally bad. All nations, 1 think, have ex-
pended more judiciously the money which they
have laid out for a supply of water, perhaps, than
that which they have expended for anything else.
I cannot conceive of the reasons which will jus-
tify such a proposition as that of the Senator from
Louisiana. We want to supply water in the pub-
lic buildings for our own accommodation, and not
for the accommodation of the city of Washing-
ton. Sir, we are not making this magnificent ex-
tension of the Capitol for the benefit of the city
of Washington. It is for our own accommo-,
dation,and for the honor of the country. This
great nation would be disgraced by having build-
ings mean, and not corresponding to its greatness
and power; and so it is with all the pubiic build-
ings. Almost all the expenditures which the Sen-
ator from Iowa has alluded to, are not made for
the benefit of Washington at all, but for the credit
of the Government, and the accommodation of the
public officers. It seems strapge that the city of
Washington should be asked to take this burden
upon itself. The supply of water is needed for
the Government, for the protection and security
of the public buildings, and the accommodation
of the officers of the Government who are here.
But it is very manifest that if you appropriate the
whole sum for the erection of this dQcteduct and
the construction of the reservoir which may be
necessary, there must still be a large expenditure
entailed upon the city of Washington, which they
must bear themselves altogether. The Senate
know how widely extended the city is; how much
more ground it occupies than almost any city in
the world, which has no greater population. It
occupies more ground than the city of Boston.
That is a compact city, and the laying down of
the pipes and necessary fixtures for taking the
water into the houses of that city cost $1,800,000.
Now, can anybody supposethat the city of Wash-
ington could be watered for less ? Surely not.
And all that expenditure will be required of the
city of Washington", even after the aqueduct has
been constructed. That will be a very heavy
expense, and it will be for the benefit of every-
body who resides here to get pure water.
Why, then, should not the Government, which
requires this supply of water for the use of its
public buildings and their safety, construct the
aqueduct itself, and leave it to the city to supply
the means of distributing the water' It would be
a work worthy of the Government then; and it
would be disgraced by calling upon the poor city of
Washington to bear a part of the expenses of the
aqueduct. This is not a wealthy city; it is not
inhabited by capitalists; there is no trade to build
up large fortunes. It is the creation of the Fed-
eral Government; it .has its existence dependent
upon the Federal Government; and if the Federal
Government were to withdraw from it, it would
languish. Those who live here are compelled,
from the nature of things, to change their resi-
dences very frequently. "The greater portion of
those who are citizens of Washington are poor
people, living from hand to mouth; and when you
consider the immense expenditures of the city, I
hardly think it i3 consistent with liberality , in car-
rying on our great public works, to insist upon
saddling on them any portion of the expenses of
the aqueduct and reservoir. I hope the Senate
will not agree to such a proposition-at all; or if it
is disposed to put any of the expenditure upon
the city, then that it will at all events take the
