314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
and I think, in justice to both the gentlemen, we
should have the correspondence.
The resolution was adopted.
VERMONT SENATORSHIP.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, affirming
the right of the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps to retain
his seat in the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, I have con-
cluded to comply with the suggestion made yes-
terday by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] to waive my right to proceed with the
discussion until the conclusion of the discussion
by others, who intend to participate in it.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall avail myself of this op-
portunity to give my views upon this subject in a
very few words. I drew up the paper which was
submitted to the Senate by my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Bayard] and myself, in which
we differed from the report of the majority of the
committee. My colleague, who argued the case
very clearly yesterday, has also presented to the
Senate very forcibly all the points of the case. It
will be rather my province to direct the attention
of the Senate to those points on which, I think, its
judgment should, and on which my own judgment
certainly will, turn.
At the commencement, in alluding to the sitting
member, [M r. Phelps ,] it is but fair to him to say
that, in his opinion, he is representing his Com-
monwealth to some extent, and certainly is repre-
senting the Governor of Yermont in his application
for a seat. I shall speak, therefore, of the seat as
one for which he is not contending for himself in-
dividually, but to which he thinks himself entitled
as the representative of his State, under Executive
appointment. I contest the right of a State Ex-
ecutive to make such an appointment as the one
under consideration, without disregarding the faif
—and, I may say, liberal—meaning of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. President, if the sitting member be entitled
to his seat, it must be under the authority of pre-
cedent. It seems to be conceded, upon ail hands,
that if this were a question of first impression, and
had not been before the Senate heretofore, and if
there had been no precedents upon thel3ubject, there
could scarcely be but one opinion. I do not al-
'ways feel bound by the force of precedents. I
think, however, they are very much to be re-
spected; and if there was one which could receive
rny approbation, either by long acquiescence or
full consideration by the Senate, when it was
before them for action, I should yield to it, A
precedent that has been intelligently established,
and acquiesced in by all parties, should not be dis-
turbed by a construction which a particular occa-
sion might suggest and influence.
As the case of Mr. Smith, of Maryland, has
been particularly relied upon as a precedent, I wish
to call the attention of the honorable gentleman
from Vermont to some of the circumstances con-
nected with that precedent. Some of them, 1 admit,
are much more in his favor than has heretofore
been stated, and others of them are against him.
The facts in relation to the case of Mr. Smith are
these—1 shall endeavor to be precise in their state-
ment:
Samuel Smith was a Senator from Maryland in
1808. His office expired by constitutional limit-
ation on the 3d of March, 1809. It seems that
the Legislature of his State had been in session
before that date, and that the Legislature had for-
borne, from some cause or other, I do not know
what, tofiil the term, and had not, in fact, filled the
term, as one to commence from the 4th of March,
1809. Under these circumstances, Samuel Smith
was appointed by the Executive of Maryland, not
to fill a vacancy which had "happened," accord-
ing: to the terms of the Constitution, but to go into
office ab initio, to commencea term which had never
been originally filled, and which, as I shall contend
now, could only be filled by the election of the
Legislature, ft seems to he conceded, that the
authority to commence a new term of six years,
after the efflux of a regular term, is exclusively
vested in the State Legislature.
Samuel Smith held his seat upon this floor until
Congress met in May, 1809. He held his office
until about June, 1809, when an extra session of
the Legislature of Maryland was called. He then
"wrote a letter to the President of the Senate,
stating the fact that he wrts in his seat, and was in
a seat which had been filled by the Governor of
Maryland. He stated, also, that the Legislature of
his State had met before his appointment, and ad-
journed without making an election. So far, I beg
leave to say, the precedent would operate in favor
of the sitting member; that is, it would becompetent
(if the decision involved in the precedent may be
regarded as having been made by the Senate) for
the Governor to make an appointment after the
adjournment of the Legislature, and when that
body had refused or forborne to make an election;
and this, too, upon the assumption that in such a
state of things the Governor could take upon him-
self all the power that had belonged to, but had
not been exercised by, the Legislature.
The session of the Legislature of Maryland, in
June, 1809, continued but for five days; and the
question then submitted, and the only question
submitted, to the Senate, and upon which its judg-
ment was pronounced, was whether Samuel Smith
could hold under the Executive appointment to
the end of that session, and not whether he was
lawfully in his seat. The session terminated after a
sitting of five days, and Mr. Smith went out at
j the end of that session, not pretending to hold any
longer under the Executive appointment, having
held his seat until the session of the Legislature,
and no longer.
But 1 maintain now, and am sure that the pre-
cedents—the authority of which seems now to be
regarded by the Senate—have established that
Samuel Smith did not himself then present the
true issue. He did not present the issue whether,
under the Executive appointment to commence a
term, he had been filling the seat constitutionally.
That question was never presented to the Senate;
and I take it for granted that if it had been pre-
sented then, and the decision had been made, as it
has since been made, it would have been decided,
not only that Mr. Smith was not entitled to hold
his seat during the session of the Legislature, but
it would have been determined that, from the very
beginning—from the 4th of March, 1809—he had
been holding his seat here without authority. It
was supposed that his letter could not be found,
but the Secretary of the Senate, with his usual in-
dustry and research, has found the letter, and put
it in my possession,and I ask now that it be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Washington, May 29,1809.
Sir: The Legislature of Maryland having, at their last
sexton, declined lo appoint a Senator to represent that State
in the [Senate of the United States from and after the third
day of March of the present year, and the Executive of the
State having conlerred on mo the honorofanappomtmenl,
which, in conformity to the Constitution, was limited in its
language to the next meeting of the Legislature ot'Maryland,
I have to state to you, for the information of the Senate,
that tins meeting will take plare on the fifth davof June, as
by the Governor's proclamation will appear; "and I have,
thorefoie, to request that you will be pleased to lay this ca&e
belore the honorable the Senate, for their determination,
as to the iiuetxton whether an appointment, under the Ex-
ecutive ot Maryland, to represent that State in the Senate
of the United Slates., will or will not cease on the first day
of the meeting of the Legislature of Maryland.
SAMUEL SMITH.
To the Vice President of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. It will be observed, Mr. Presi-
dent, that Mr. Smith did not make the question
whether the Executive appointment originally
gave him a right to a seat, or not. If he had
made that question, there could have been but one
judgment, according to subsequent precedents,
and according to the common, obvious meaning
of the Constitution.
Let me recur to the facts of that case ao-ain,
before the Senate is called upon to pronounce
judgment upon this precedent. The Legislature
of Maryland commenced its sitting in November,
1808, and ad journed previous to the 3d of March,
1809, without having elected a Senator prospect-
ively, whose term should commence on the 4th of
March. They forbore, from some cause, to make
the election. After their adjournment the Execu-
tive interposed, and made an appointment under
wljich Mr. Smith sat in the Senate until June,
1809, when he went out, in consequence of the ex-
piration of his office, as was supposed, by the
adjournment of the Legislature. Then, in any
point of view, this precedent will fail the honor-
able gentleman from Vermont, though, if the predi-
cate of the original proposition were established,
that Mr Smith had a right to his seat in the first
place, it would certainly be authority in his favor;
but that point I shall contest, not only upon prece-
dent, but upon the obvious reading of the Consti-
; tution of the United States. If the Senate had so
decided that point, their judgment would have
been in conflict with the decision made in the
case of Kensey Johns, of Delaware, in 1793.
Kensey Johns presented his credentials to the
Senate, and they disclosed the fact that the Legis-
lature of Delaware had met and had not filled "the
place, and the Executive undertook to fill it after
the adjournment of the Legislature. By a strong
vote the Senate decided that Mr. Johns was not
entitled to a seat, evidently on the ground that the
Executive had no right to substitute his functions
for those which belonged to the Legislature.
The next time that we hear of this question, or
of any one akin to it, was in the case of Mr.
Uriah Tracy, of Connecticut, in 1801. Mr.
Tracy claimed that he had a right to commence
a new term—[ mean a full constitutional term-
under an Executive appointment, the Legislature
not having madean election in anticipation. The
question was then discussed at some length, I pre-
sume, but it assumed a party character, and, by
a strict party vote, Mr. Tracy was allowed to re-
tain his seat. That precedent has not been fol-
lowed, but has ever since been repudiated as
authority on all occasions calling for a consider-
ation of the question.
^ In 1825 Lanman's case came up for considera-
tion, involving both the questions. In that case,
after a very full debate, it was solemnly decided
that it was not competent for the Governor of a
State to put a member on this floor, at the com-
mencement of a term. In other words, it was
-decided that his power of appointment could not
be substituted for the election of the State Legis-
lature. Even if such had not been the decision in
the case of Lanman, I take it for granted that
such would be and must necessarily be, the de-
cision now.
Then I conclude, with regard to the sitting mem-
ber, that neither he, nor any other person, can
claim the right of taking a seat here under an Ex-
ecutive appointment, in a case where it belongs
alone and exclusively to the Legislature to make
an election. That certainly must be taken for
granted. Then, so far as regards the precedents,
Kensey John's case is in conflict with the ground
now taken by the sitting member. • So far as re-
gards the predicate, or essential question, involved
in Smith's case, it is overruled by the authority of
the decision in regard to Mr. Lanman; and if there
were no precedents upon the subject at all, I should
hold that, according to the obvious reading of the
Constitution, the vacancy which is to "happen,"
according to the phrase of the Constitution, is not
that kind of vacancy which exists at the com-
mencement of a constitutional term. I assume,
therefore, that it is not competent for the Execu-
tive to make the appointment in such a case as
must involve an election by the Legislature. I
assume this as the predicate of the whole of my
argument. The Executive can have no original
power to make a Senator; his authority is limited,
contingent, and founded on the necessity of the
case. " If vacancies happen, &c., during the re-
cess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until
the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall
then fill such vacancies."
Mr. President, we need not go very far upon-
that subject. Now let me put this proposition:
Suppose the State Legislatures, after the adoption-
of the Federal Constitution by the different States
in their conventions, had failed, or had forborne,
or, from some cause, had Dot madean actual elec-
tion, and had not sent members of the Senate here,
would it have been pretended that the Executive,
in such a case, could do so ? 1 take itforgranted
that this Government had to go into operation
according to the provisions of the Constitution.
According to its provisions, the State Legislatures
were the primary agencies and constituencies to
put it into operation, so far as it regarded the or-
ganization of the Senate of the United States. This
I take to be a very clear proposition; and upon this
point I agree fully with the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] that, so far as regards their
relations to this body, the State Legislatures are:
the organs of senatorial existence; and it is through
them that this body has its original, legal, and con-
stitutional existence.
The relations of the Federal Government are
with the States in nearly all particulars; and the
