1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think there aresome con-
siderations winch have been overlooked in the dis-
cussion of this Matter, and to which i wish to call
the attention of the Senate. We ought, Mr. Pres-
ident, in examining the question as to the obliga-
tion and duty of the General Government towards
this city—to look back a little to the history of its
origin. It is well known that when the General
Government was formed, it was thought expe-
dient that the seat of Government should not be
in any State—that the Government of the United
States should build up this city for its seat of gov-
ernment; and consequently this District, ten miles
square, was chosen, and the site selected where
there then existed, i believe, riota single dwelling.
The Government was established here, and per-
sons were drawn around it whose sole occupation
is m ministering to and supplying the wants of
those engaged in the administration of the Govern-
ment. The city, as has been well said by one of
the Senators who has already spoken on the sub-
ject, was laid out on a scale not adapted to the
wants of the small population included in its lim-
its, but upon a scale commensurate with the anti-
cipation of the future greatness of the country.
"We have, therefore, in this city wide avenues,
large public squares, numerous points where no
buildings can be found, which are mere ornaments
to the city, and triangular spaces at the intersec-
tion of almost every avenue with every street in
the city.
Over these wide spaces, the corporation of
"Washington is obliged to spend its care, and keep
the city in order, by paving and lighting, and
gumding, by all the expenses incident to a muni-
cipal corporation. Of what classes is the popula-
tion of the city composed? It is not composed of
commercial classes any further than you can call
commercial classes the shopkeepers who keep
shops to supply the wants of the officers of the
Government and the members of Congress. It is
not a manufacturing city. It derives no profit
from agriculture. It is not a great market for any
product whatever. The population of Washing-
ton, irrespective of the public officers, is then com-
posed almost exclusively of those engaged in sup-
plying the wants of the public officers and members
of Congress, and a few inhabitants of fortune who
choose it as a [dace of agreeable residence.
It is perfectly obvious that, under these circum-
stances, any expensive scheme for bringing water
into the city, anything that will involve a large
expenditure, is utterly beyond the means of the
inhabitants. It is, however, said that, although
the Government has established tins city, and re-
quires an aqueduct for the supply of wafer for
its o am purposes, and for the public offices, yet
the corporation ought to contribute a part to the
expense, because the people who live here will
require a portion of this water for their own com-
foit, health, and convenience. l>ul, in reply to
that, it. has been well stated !iy the Senator from
Maiyiand, [Mr. Pi: Yftei<:,j that the corporation
of this city, from the very encumstunces of the
case, wiil be compelled to contribute towards
the work for supplying the city with water, and
the expenditure which he has calculated as that
which has been mem red in the city of Boston,
will be something like ftl,800,000. He thinks
this enoimous amount will be required, becau.se
the plan on which the city has been laid out has
been such as to scatter the population over a much
Interspace than would otherwise he required for
that population. Here, then, the city is taxed
for the convenience of the General Government,
with a very huge sum of money, in addition to
what it would have been subjected to, if it had not
been laid out on such a scale and for such a pur-
pose.
But this is the consideration to which I wish to
draw the attention of the Senate: Washington is
supported by the expenditures of the General Gov-
ernment and of the ofijeers of the Genera! Govern-
ment. Take them away, and to-morrow theie
will be no city here. Now, sir, if the General Gov-
ernment imposes upon the corporation one thud
or one fourth of the prime cost of these water-
v, orks, and levies a tax upon the citizens of Wash-
ington to make up that sum, where will the bur-
den of tha* tax fall? \ wish you to consider that.
If the landed proprietors, if those who own real
estate about Washington t>re subjected to an addi-
tional tax for a purpose of this kind, everybody
knows, that, according to all the rules of political
economy, they will seek to increase the rent of
their property to enable them to bear the increased
burden. From whom will that increased rental
come? It will come from members of Congress
who hire houses; it will come from youi secretaries,
your clerks, the officers of your Army and Navy,
who are obliged to remain in Washington in the
discharge of then-official duties; or, in other words,
the'result of making the corporation of Washing-
ton pay this contribution, will be, in the end, to
tax the already inadequate salaries of the public
officers of this Government. We, therefore, by
doing that shall throw the burden off the Treasury
of the United States, to which the contribution is
made by the whole people of the United States;
we should throw the burden off that Govei nment
which it was originally intended, under the Con-
stitution, should build and sustain a city here,
and throw the proportion of it which we now
endeavor to put upon the citizens of Washington,
in point of fact, upon the members of Congress
who meet here for the time being, and the public
officers who reside m the city.
I see no justice or propriety in this. I think it
will result m nothing. It appears to me that the
large works required by the Government ought to
be built at the Government expense; and when we
consider, as 1 have already said, that after this
heavy sum for the construction of the aqueduct shall
have been expended,thattlien afurther heavy sum
will be required of the corporation of Washing-
ton far beyond their means at present, for distrib-
uting the water, we shall find that, although the
Government should consent to pay the whole cost
of this improvement now, yet that some six, or
eight, or ten years would elapse before the city
would be supplied with water m all its paits; be-
cause even then the corporation will not have the
means of extending the pipes all over the city.
Let us leave them, therefoie, their resources for
that purpose. It is equally essential with the
construction of the main aqueduct. Then we
shall, in some reasonable time, construct an aque-
duct to supply the city with water—to suppy the
public buddings as well as the citizens themselves.
I shall, therefore, vote against the amendment of
my colleague.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote against the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana, for the reasons
given by the Senator from Virginia—believing that
the amount which the Senator from Virginia pro-
poses will be sufficient to assess on the city. I
shall still further vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, reducing the aqueduct from
nine to seven feet in diameter, which I consider
sufficient for this city, or any city. That, I un-
derstand the Senator from Maine, m his estimate,
would reduce the expense nearly one half; and,
theiefore, bnng it down to a sum within the reach
of the corporation, and would make it not an ex-
travagant sum for the Government, considering
the great object to he obtained.
Mr. WKLLER called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. SluU'.ll'si substitute; and they were onleied;
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 30; as
follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adann, Atclmon, T'uUer, Cooper,
Dodije of )o\v<u FiUjMinek, if.tmhn, J.uiu-s
foih 1 *> of Iowa, Mulloty, Seb.tMi.in, Slide!!, Thompson of
Kentuekv, Tliom-on o] New JetM>\, Tonmfo5, Toucey,
Wade, Walker ami Waller—*20.
N \.YS- Mo ms Alton, H.uliirr, K:iy ird, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Cl.iv, C'l: \ t hi. D.uwui, I)od e ot
WVeoiiMn, t)ouyl<n, Fe^i'iul<"t, KtMi, Foo^Gcyei, CJwm,
tlouMon, 11 uiilt-r, Johnson, Jt ne> of Trniu^-i e, Miwn),
IV.uee, Petm, Pi.Ul, Roi-kwcii, RiKk. Shield^, ami Slu
art —30.
So it was rejected.
Mr. 11 UN 1' K R. I now renewtheamenclment
which has |ust been i ejected, but substituting
"one fourth" instead of" one thud."
Mr. CASS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is the question divisible?
I wish to have a separate vote on the pioviso re-
ducing the size of the aqueduct to seven feet diam-
eter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that that is not now part of the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I voted in committee to put
thisamendmenton the bill as it is, that is, to make
the water free, and I can find reasons full and am-
ple to justify that course. I am willing, however,
to vote for the amendment now offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, provided it is likely
to insure the passage of the appropriation in thfe
other House. Nevertheless, 1 look upon it as un-
necessary, for I have no doubt that, if we should
divide the tax in this way, the Government pay-
ing three fourths, and the citizens one fourth, the
first Congress which meet after the waterworks
are in operation would release to the citizens the
amount paid by them, and our officers would have
to undergo the trouble and expense of making the
calculations, and refunding the money. I appre-
hend there is not a Senator here now who doubts
that. The effect, therefore, will be, that we shall
enter into this partnership, we shall require the
citizens here to advance one fourth the expense,
and the first Congress which meets after the water-
works are built and in operation, will refund the
money. Though I know this will be the effect, I
shall vote for the amendment to the amendment
now, if the#enator insists upon it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I shall vote,
if I vote at all, in favor of this amendment, on
the same ground on which the Senator from Indi-
ana announces, that he will act. 1 not only
think it unnecessary to put this tax on the citizens,
but I regard it as unjust. This aqueduct, worthy
of the capital of this great nation, was com-
menced by the Government proprio motity not at
the instance, or pressure, or demand of the citi-
zens of Washington. It was for our benefit: it
was for the benefit of the Government; and now,
after we have started the work and expended over
§100,000 upon it, we ask the citizens here to pay
one fourth. I think it would be very unjust; but
I suppose that the motive of the honorable mover
of this proposition is to secure the passage of the
original amendment in the other House, and on,
that ground, like the Senator from Indiana, I
shall acquiesce in it.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I voted for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Slimli,,] requiring the citizens of
this city and of Georgetown, to pay one third the
expenses of this work, notthat they were interested
to the amount of one third, but that the who^e
thing is for their benefit. The Government has
no interest whatever m it. It is for the District of
Columbia, disguise it as you will, that you are
taxing your constituents millions upon millions.
It is for the convenience of the citizens of the
District of Columbia. When it is^proposed to
reduce the amount which they shall contribute to
one fourth, I will not vote for that excuse, for it is
nothing else.
Sir, Senators upon different sides of the House
say that the work has commenced, and we must,
therefore, complete it. Why, sir, have you not
heard that song upon every extravagant appropri-
ation which has been asked of Congress? They
first come forwaid, and, as an entering wedge, „
ask for a very small appropriation. In this in-
stance five thousand dollars was asked for a sur-
vey. The very moment five thousand dollars or
one thousand dollais, or one dollar is obtained,
the work is commenced, and the cry is raised>
"We must go on with it." Every Senator who
has spoken on the subject admits that the plan
now adopted is extravagant and unnecessary; and
yet it 13 said because we have commenced it we
mustconunue. That, sir, has been the song of
every extravagant appropriation which has been
asked from Congress from the foundation of the
Government down to the present time, and I have
los-t patience with it.
There is but one mode by which it can be
stopped; and that is, whenever it is ascertained*
to the satisfaction of Congress, that appropriations
which have been made are being extravagantly
used, to stop the work at once, however important
it may be. I would stop it if it were within one
hundred dollars ofcompletion, if I found that those
interested—for I say that, in my judgment, the
Government is not interested in this case—were
unnecessarily expending the money.
I shall vote against the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia. If
this Government desire to appropriate this money
for the purpose of water-works in this District,
let it be as water was intended to be—free of
charge. Tax your constituents openly for the
convenience of the District of Columbia, ^nd learn
the people of the District that they are not to rely
on themselves for all the improvements necessary,
because the Federal Government may happen to
have some property here, and therefore none of
their internal police is to cost them anything.
