1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1.
enable the native population of Cuba to shake off
the yoke of their trans-Atlantic tyrants.
I desire no movement on the part of our citi-
zens, until the Cubans shall have put their own
shoulders to the wheel. They have been reproached
for their pusillanimity, but let it be once under-
stood that if, by their own efforts to vindicate then-
rights, they show themselves worthy of our sym-
pathies, the arm of the Federal Government will
not be interposed, on behalf of their oppressors,
in less than six months the fiag of freedom, the
lone star, will wave over the whole island—the
Moro may, perhaps, hold out somewhat longer.
One thing is certain, that in despite of all your stat-
utes, your collectors, your marshals, your Army
and Navy, if the revolutionary standard be once
hoisted in Cuba, and maintained for a few short
weeks, no Administration can prevent our citi-
zens rushing to the rescue in such numbers as
will secure Us triumph—a Democratic President
would not desire to do it. I deprecate as much
as any one can such a contingency. There is but
one mode to avert it. Intrust the power to sus-
pend the neutrality laws to the President. He
will not exercise it lightly, and, in all probability,
the knowledge of his power will dispense with the
necessity of exercising it at all. France and Eng-
land will retract their mischievous counsels, and
orders will be given to the Captain Genera! to re-
trace his steps.
We have already had some experience of the
emptiness of these menaces of mtei position; they
tended rather to precipitate than to retard the
acquisition of Texas, and will, if persisted in,
produce the same effect now. i repent, I would
deprecate any movement not invited by the up-
vising of the people of Cuba; but if they be driven
to it by the conviction that they are doomed by
their jailors to the horrors of a servile war, then,
I say, hands off; the people will not, cannot, be
prevented from giving them aid more substantial
than their prayers. They will not permit a Black
empire under a British Protectorate, the key of
the Gulf of Mexico, nominally independent, but
for every purpose of annoyance and aggression, a
British dependency to be established m sight of
our own shores.
Cuba is studded with the safest ami most capa-
cious ports, from whence an enemy may menace, if
not command,the immense and constantly increas-
ing commerce which must pass through the narrow
strait that separates it from Florida We have
repeatedly announced to the woild thai we will
not permit it to fall into the possession of any
other European power than Spam. This declara-
tion has met with the hearty, unanimous response
of the nation, and yet its cession to either France
or England would be less dangerous to the South
than the existence of a pretended independent
black Empire or Republic, j say nothing; of the
value of the island in a financial point, of view;
its inexhaustible fertility; its annua! expoi t,«, now
amounting to nearly thirty millions, and which*
would soon bedoubled undera good government,
where any confidence way reposed in its stability.
At this time agricultural property is not worth
more than three or four years, purchase, estimated
on the basis of present income. A plantation,
yielding a net revenue of ^25,000, can be bought
for less than §100,001).
I think it unnecessary fo make more than a
passing allusion to a matter of recent occurrence,
and which has been the subject of a communica-
tion fiom the Piesident to the House of Repre-
sentatives. i mean the seizin e of the United
States mail steamer Ula^k Wiurior at Havana,
and confiscation of her cargo. This is but one,
the most outrageous, indeed, of a long scries of in-
sults and vexations by which it has been attempt-
ed to exclude our steamers from Cuba. They
serve to complete the proof I have adduced of an
understanding,probably an alliance, consummated
by treaty between Spain, Fiancf, and England,
1 he Cuban authorities would nevei have daicd to
take so offensive a step, if they had not relied on
the support of those Powers. I have no doubt
that the policy indicated by the President will be
energetically pursued, and that full pecuniary
reparation to the owners of the Black Warrior,
and apology for the insult to our flag, will ulti-
mately be obtained.
But I regret that we are to look for this at
Madrid. I should have preferred to see it exacted
in a more nummary way by the blockade of Ha-
vana and the other principal ports of the island.
It is high time that we should have a remedy for
these insults more immediately at hand, and that
the Captain General should be compelled to use
his power, which is only restricted by his ultimate
responsibility at Madrid, as well for redress as
for aggression. I have been satisfied, for the last
three months, that the power of suspending the
neutrality laws should be conferred on the Presi-
dent; I now think that it should be done at once.
Perhaps it may be proper to go further than I
have proposed, and to make it discretionary, to
use it even during the session of Congress, but I
have been lestrained by the belief that the President
will only have to announce to the Representatives
of the people and of the States, that the contin-
gency has arrived, and call for immediate action,
and his appeal will be promptly responded to.
The issue must be met eventually, and we cannot
choose a more proper moment for its solution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I am aware
that this is not the proper occasion for the discus-
sion of the very grave subject to which my col-
league has called the attention of the Senate and
the country; yet, as he has done it in obedience to
resolutions passed by the Legislature of our State,
I think it proper to saya very few words.
I concurwith him in opinion, that theexistence
of a concerted scheme for the Africanization of
Cuba, and foi the establishment of a negro State,
nominally independent, and yet under the virtual
protectorate of England, France, and Spain, has
been conclusively established by the evidence that
he has placed before the Senate in so connected
and conclusive a form. 1 deem it proper further
to state, that 1 am thoroughly convinced of the
fact that this scheme is now m process of execu-
tion; and I deem it to be the duty of tins Govern-
ment firmly and promptly to oppose, by all proper
means, the cailying out of aline of policy so
fraught with danger, not only to the country at
lui^e, butespecially to ouraouthern constituencies.
1 am not prepared, sir, to commit myself to the
line of policy indicated by the resolution offered
by my colleague. I shall reserve what I have to
say upon that point. I only rose to express the
hope that this matter may be speedily taken into
consideration by the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions, and that their report may be presented to
us. When it shall be presented, at the proper
time, and when discussion shall arise, 1 shall ask
the indulgence of the Senate for a fuller expres-
sion of my views upon the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. If any other gentleman de-
sires to speak on this subject, 1 suggest the pro-
priety of postponing it until to-morrow, so that
we may now take up the Indian appropriation
biil.
Mr. SLIDELL. I consider that this is not the
proper time for the genera! discussion of the sub-
ject. The resolution is meiely one of inquiry,
and can now be teferred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and when they make their report,
I take it for granted that, whatever it may be, it
will nut be agreed to without discussion.
Mr. SEWARD. J suppose, as this resolution
was introduced this morning, it cannot be consid-
ered now unless by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. It was introduced by
unanimous consent, and there was no objection to
its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. It was impossible, at the dis-
tance which I sit from the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, to hear the very elaborate argument
which he has addressed to the Senate, and as tins
question is one of very grave magnitude in us
beanngs, and in some respects may possibly tend
to endanger the peace of the country, and to in-
volve us in the calamities of war, which are just
beginning in the eastern world; and as, in looking
around, I see that the honorable chairman erf the
Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr. M\so\r] is
not m his scat, and that two other distinguished
members of that committee arc not here, I have
risen for the purpose of suggesting that the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution he postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no sort of objection to
that.
Several Senators. Postpone it for a week.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think to-morrow will be
better.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, as the rep-
resentative in part of the State which probably
will more directly be affected by the policy which
has been indicated, I must express my thanks to
the Senator from Louisiana for bringing forward
this proposition, although I am not prepared to
say that I will vote directly for that proposition.
I take this opportunity to express my own opinion
that there cannot be a reasonable doubt in the
mind of any sensible man, who has been watch-
ing the course of events in Cuba, that there is,
and has been for a long time, a decided determin-
ation to Africanize that island. I have always
thought so; and watching, as I have done for
many years, the policy of that island, I have al-
ways thought that course was the most suicidal
that could possibly have been resorted to. Sir,
Senators will recollect that as far back as 1823,
the proposition was directly made to our Minister
at London, Mi Rush, by the British Govern-
ment, that we should pledge ourselves to take no
measures for possessing ourselves either of the
island, or of any peculiar interests in the island of
Cuba, and that we should join England and France
then in committing ourselves. This was declined
at that time.
Now, through the intervention of England, the
term of apprenticeship to which imported Afri-
cans have been subject, of seven years, has been
recently reduced to one; and the latest advHes
from Cuba disclose this state of facts, that the
three hundred or four hundred Africans seized
near Matanzat: some months ago, when their
title to liberty was fully made out, were not ap-
prenticed for the usual term of seven years, but
were put out to favorites of the Government for
one year—the Captain General himself, the high-
est in authority, setting the example of approba-
tion of that policy by selecting one of the children
for himself, who could be of no use to him, but to
show to the people his own approbation of the
policy. I trust the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, seeing the importance of the subject, will
report at an early day.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the resolution will be
referred.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning its further consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. CHASE. ! have no objection to taking
the question on postponement without further de-
bate. I hope the resolution will be postponed; but
1 prefer that the postponement be for a week,
rather than til! to-morrow.
The resolution does not contemplate any imme-
diate action, but merely proposes to confer a
power on the President of the united States to be
exercised during the recess of Congress. Of course
there is no necessity for immediate reference. % As
the opinion of the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Suuell) has been expressed upon the
general question of our relation to Cuba, and also
that of the honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mai.lory,j their opinion, of course must go out to
the country, and may, perhaps be taken as indicat-
ing the judgment of the Senate, unless some oppor-
tunity l)e afforded to those who entertain different
opinions to state their views.
For myself, I do not hesitate to say that, so far
as any proper measures fle taken by the Span-
ish Government, either at Madrid or in Havana,
whether under the infiuenceof England or France,
or from independent considerations of duty and
policy, may tend to the emancipation of slaves in
Cuba, those measures will command my sympa-
thy and my beat wishes for their happy and ben-
eficial issue to all parties.
But, sir, 1 am far from thinking that the dispo-
sition towaids emancipation is confined to the
Spanish Government in either hemisphere, or to
the Governments of England and France. Cer-
tain facts which have come to my knowledge in-
cline me to (he opinion that the idea of emancipa-
tion is seriously and favorably entertained by many
enlightened Spaniards and Creoles in the island
and"out of the island, and by at least some of the
gentlemen who consututewhat is familiarly known
as the Cuban Junta. To that idea and that pur-
pose, by whomsoever entertained, I am decidedly
favorable.
On the other hand, to all that part of the policy
of the English and Spanish Governments, if there
be such a^policy, which tends to revive the Afri-
can slave trade under any name or in any form,
whether for the pinpose of supplying apprentices
to the Hand, to be converted at some future period ,
either near or remote, into freemen, or for any
