THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1854.
New Series....No. 65.
other purpose, I take the game objections, and
take them as strongly, as the Senator from Louis-
iana.
I do not wish to go into this subject now. I
wish, however, to have an opportunity of submit-
ting my views of it to the Senate and the country,
and therefore suggest the postponement of the
resolution for a week.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope, Mr. President, that
this matter will now be referred. I think it pru-
dent that the Committee on Foreign Relations
should tafte charge of it at this time. 1 am sure,
for one, that I could not, and I hardly think the
Senate could come to any intelligent or satisfac-
tory conclusion upon the suggestions that have
thus far been made. They are certainly deserv-
ing of great respect and consideration, coming
from the Senator from Louisiana as they do, act-
ing upon his very high responsibility as the rep-
resentative of a State very deeply concerned; but
as this is a matter which must necessarily depend
upon information and communications to be made
by the Executive to the committee, I think pru-
dence requires that I should move the reference of
it immediately; for if we engage in a debate on
these general topics, without having any definite
issue upon which the Senate can pronounce its
judgment, I doubt very much whether we may
not do as much mischief as good. I therefore
move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT. The question must first
be taken on the motion to postpone.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
from South Carolina will consider better his prop-
osition, and let the resolution be postponed for
some time—some Senators say for a week. To
me it is quite indifferent whether for a week or
not. It is quite enough for me to have it post-
poned for a day, until I shall have an opportunity
to see what the argument which I have not been
able to hear on this subject is; and if that be the
arrangement, I will wait with great pleasure for
another day, in order to be better informed.
Mr. SLiDELL. I will state to the honorable
Senator from New York, that the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Mason-,]
informed me that he would not return until this
day week. I think that, perhaps, there would be
some degree of impropriety in going on with the
discussion of the question, in the absence not only
of the chairman, but of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Everett.]
Mr. SEWARD. And of the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton.]
Mr. SLIDELL. And of the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware, who is also on the Committee
on Foreign Relations. It seems to me better to
reserve the discussion, until the committee report,
and I therefore hope that, by general consent, the
resolution will be referred now.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that Senators will
have a chance to discuss the question when the
Committee on Foreign Relations report.
Mr. SEWARD. If that be the general sense
of the Senate, I will not object further than to say
that the fact of receiving a resolution of this kind,
and referringit,afteradebate,in favor of the prop-
osition, without any argument opposed to it, is
calculated, by implication, to commit the Senate
to some degree of favor towards the proposition
itself. Protesting for myself that I do not in any
way cornpromit myself, but that 1 wait to hear the
argument and the report of the committee, I will
very cheerfully yield.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, then, the resolution
will be referred. It commits no one, 1 think.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to say that
I think I stated very distinctly that I do not mean
to commit myself to the support of any policy,
or to the course recommended by my colleague;
but that I would reserve my views on that sub-
ject until a report should be made by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. I conceive, however,
that the question has not been discussed, as gen-
tlemen say, upon one side alone; but that my
colleague simply accompanied the oifering of the
65
resolution with such explanations as would neces-
sarily be demanded by the Senate and the country,
and which, as a matter of justice to himself, he
was bound to offer, when putting before the coun-
try a question so grave as this is, so as to justify
him in bringing it to the attention of the Senate
and the country.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the resolution
for a week.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will Withdraw that motion, and let us refer the
resolution now.
Mr. CHASE. As it seems to be the general
sense of the Senate that the subject should be
referred, I withdraw the motion.
The resolution was then agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the House bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1855, the pending question
being on the appeal taken by Mr. Cooper, on
Thursday last, from the decision of the Presiding
Officer, (Mr. Bright being in the chair,) ruling
that the following amendment, reported by Mr.
Cooper, from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
was to provide for a private claim, and therefore
excluded by the 30th rule:
" To pay Andrew Taylor for Ins reservation of six him
dred and forty acres of land at Sitico Old Town, on the
waters of the Tennessee river, $-1-1,720, with interest from
the 23d of August, 18-13."'
Mr. COOPER. I appealed on Thursday last
from the decision of the Chau, because I believed
that that decision was not in conformity with the
spirit of the rule upon which the question of order
was raised. 1 stated then that this same claim,
presented in the same shape a year ago, had been
received. It was passed both by the House and
the Senate, and was afterwards lost in the com-
mittee of conference, which took place between
the two Houses, upon the disagreeing votes on
the Indian appropriation bill. The amendment
does not involve any of the characteustics of a
private claim, such as aie contemplated by the
rule in question.
As I stated on Thursday last, it is a claim which
arose under the provisions of the treaty of 1817,
between the United States and the Cherokee In-
dians. By that treaty, all Indians, or white men
married to Indian women, by whom they had
children, became entitled to land; and Andrew
Taylor, being a person within the provision,
became entitled to a section of land. By the oper-
ation of an act of the Legislature of Tennessee, he
was ejected from that land; and afterwards, in
1835, when a new treaty was negotiated between
the United States and the Cherokees, provision
was made for such as had lost their lands in virtue
of the legislation of the Legislature of Tennessee.
Commissioners were appointed, in pursuance of
the seventeenth article of that treaty, to assess the
value of the reservations made under the treaty of
1817. They made the assessment, ana returned
it into the office. The value put upon this reser-
vation was $14,720; and by an act of Congress
subsequently passed—which I have not just now
before me—provision was made for its payment,
and for the payment of other claims, the value of
which had been determined by the same commis-
sioners. That sum is exhausted; and the propo-
sition now is merely that provision shall be made
for a claim which stands both upon the faith of
treaties, and upon a statute passed by the Congress
of the United States. It is m no sense a private
claim. I trust that the Senate will overrule the
decision of the Chair, and thus do justice to this
most,meritorious claimant.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that this amend-
ment is clearly not excluded by therule. The rule
excludes only such private claims as are not for
the purpose of carrying out an existing law. Any
appropriation, it seems to me, upon the reading
of that rule, will at once strike the Senate as. being
in order, if it is to carry out an existing law. This
amendment is clearly for the purpose of carrying
out an existing law. By one treaty this reserva-
tion was allowed. By the laws of the State in
which the reservation was made, the reservee was
deprived of his reservation. A law*of Congress
was then passed, authorizing the payment to.him
of the value of the reservation, not including the
improvements. But, whatever the land would
have been worth, taken under the former treaty,
was to be paid at its valuation, not including the
improvements. A commission was appointed for
the purpose of ascertaining that fact; appropria-
tions were made for their payment, and other cases
similarly situated were paid. The commissioners
went out, mid determined the amount of damage.
Then the amendment is offered under the provis-
ions of a treaty, under the provisions of a law,
and is clearly not intended to be excluded by the
rule, because it is simply the carrying out of the
law.
Mr. COOPER. When addressing the Senate
before, I was not able to turn to the provisions of
the law making appropriation for the payment of
tne claim. Before the question is taken, 1 desire
to read it:
"Resolved, $c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to pay, or cause to be paid, the several sums found
due to claimants under the Cherokee treaty of J83(j. upon
the ceiti fixate issued by the board of commissioners ap-
pointed in pur-uance of the seventeenth aiticie of said
treaty, out ot the unexpended balance of appropnations
made for the payment ol such claims, upon the piesentauon
of said ceitificates."
1 have stated already that the claim arose under
the treaty of 1817, originally, and that provision
was made for the assessment of the value of the
reservation by the subsequent treaty of 1835 and
1836. This is the one referred to in the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?"
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Chase, Ciay,
Dodjje of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fi=h, Foot, Jones of Iowa,
Norn-., Pettit, Stuart, Sumner, and Wade—16.
NAYS—Mews. Benjwrin, Brodhead, Brown, Cooper,
Dawson, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Hu.;k, Sebastian, Seward, Toombs, Toueey, Walker, and
Weiier—16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is sustained. The amendment is not
in order.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand, it is a tie
vote. The Chair made a decision; the appeal
was taken; and the question then was, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Senate?" On a tie vote the affirmative is lost.
It does not stand. The amendment is, therefore,
decided to be in order.
Mr. COOPER. The Presiding Officer votes.
Mr. WALKER. The question is in the affirm'
ative; shall the decision staBd? There was not a
majority for that.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senator is right;
and in order to settle the question, and ascertain
the sense of the Senate on that subject, I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, that that
vote is an affirmation of the judgmentof the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not in order to take an appeal upon an
appeal.
Mr. WALKER. There is no appeal now.
The Chair announces that to be settled.
Mr. BROWN. That appeal the Chair has
announced to be settled.
Mr.BADGER. The Chair announces that the
decision is affirmed; and I appeal from that de-
cision. Suppose the Chair were to announce yeas
15, nays 25, and that the decision was thereby
affirmed, could not, I appeal from that.'
Mr. WALKER. The decision holds the affirm-
ative, if I understand, and the Senate has. failed
to cast a majority vote for it. It is a tie vote.
