1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1888
They are not to be content, as your constituents
or name would be with good pump wells on every
square in the city furnished to their hand; but
your constituents and mine must be taxed millions
of dollars for the convenience of the District of
Columbia. This is the effect of it. 1 shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me, sir, that
my friend from Virginia, and other Senators, are
yielding the question a little too soon. A majority
of the Senate is decidedly in favor of the appro-
priation reported from the Committee on Finance,
of §500,000, to continue this work, to give water
free. Although I voted against the commerifcement
of the work originally, 1 am for proceeding with
it for the reasons indicated by the Senator from
Michigan. I dq not like this idea of ^partnership.
I do not think it proper for this great Government
to enter into a partnership with any city or town
corporation. If we are going to give the citizens
here water, let us do it upon a pretty large and
magnificent scale. In making targe buildings in
the city of Washington, we gratify a reasonable
^nd just pride of the American people; and I am
in favor of it, as we can do it constitutionally,and
at the same time get rid of some money in the
Treasury, which is lying idle, and which some
gentlemen seem to be so anxious to dispose of. I
am, therefore, opposed to this amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, and hope that we shall not
yield the original proposition, unless we find that
the House of Representatives are inflexible. For
my part, [ wish to give them another chance.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, 1 think my
honorable friend from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
labors under somewhat of a mistake, when he
says that this work was commenced without any
application from the citizens of the cities of the
District. I am not quite sure that they ever pre-
sented any formal application to Congress,though
I think they'did, for the appropriation to introduce
water into the District. 1 am sure, however, that
there are very few Senators on this floor who have
not been frequently beset within the last three or
four years, to exert their influence in order to
bring about this very thing.
Sir, i voted for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Louisiana, and I shall vote for the
amendment now proposed by the Senator from
Virginia. I apprehend none of the difficulties
about corporations and partnerships which my
worthy friend and colleague [Mr. Brodhead] sees
in this amendment. There is no such thing as a
partnership designed or created by the amend-
ment. It merely proposes that, for the construc-
tion of this Work, the cities of Washington and
Georgetown shall appropriate one fourth part of
the expense necessary.
Now, sir, 1 think it would be better that these
people should know that they must rely, to some
extent, on their own resources, and not look to
the Federal Government for everything. I can-
not agree that it was ever designed by those who
located the Government at this place, that it was
to be built up into a national city, in contradistinc-
tion to an ordinary municipal city. It was to be
the seat of Government; but it was not to change
in that respect the relations of those dwelling m
it to the municipality. They were to live upon
their labor as the people of other cities. As was
remarked this morning by the Senator from Iowa,
there are hundreds of cities and towns that would
be willing to take the incidental advantages de-
rived from the establishment of the seat of Gov-
ernment in their midst without asking; for every-
thing at the hands of the Federal Government,
in addition to those incidental advantages, which
are very largje.
My worthy friend, the distinguished Senator |
from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] seems to appre- [
herid that, if we impose this burden upon the I
cities of the District, it will come back upon us. ;
I cannot agree with him. I admit that those who J
come here, either temporarily as visitors, or to l-
remain herein thedischarge of their official duties, :
will have to pay heavily and largely, but I think |
that already the people here measure the means of;
members of Congress and every body else pretty '
well, and they come up just to the standard that
they can pay. It will not, therefore, increase the
expenses at all. I think that the Government of
the United States is going beyond its appropriate
sphere when it undertakes to do everything of a
police and municipal kind for the inhabitants of
any particular city. There is no reason for it.
There is no right in it, whatever plausible argu-
ments may be made about it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I am
quite sure that this appropriation is to pass, and I
presume without any amendment of any sort or
kind; but 1 wish to call the attention of the Senate
to some of the future difficulties and expenses^hat
will attend it. First, I wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland whether the Great
Falls of the Potomac are not in the neighboring
State of Maryland, some ten or fifteen miles from
this city?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If X remember aright,
when the first appropriation of $5,000 was made,
it attracted no attention whatever. That was the
entering wedge of this large expenditure. It com-
menced just precisely as that internal improvement
system which fell under General Jackson's veto;
first commenced upon every harbor, and every
river, and every lake shore in the United States.
First, the parties would make interest with the
topographical bureau to get a survey; or they
would come to Congress and ask for an appropri-
ation of so small an amount as not to attract at-
tention, and get the topographical corps to make
a survey. Upon that, a claim wouid be based
for appropriations of thousands,and perhaps mil-
lions of dollars. So, in this case, the original ap-
propriation of $5,000, for the purpose of a survey,
attracted no attention, and created no debate; but
when it was proposed to appropriate $100,000, I
think the yeas and nays were called; it passed in
a very great hurry, and under the same pressure
by which we are now surrounded. No consider-
ation was given to it. The millions which it was
to involve were not thought of; and because that
appropriation was made, we are now asked to
continue the work.
But the object of my rising at this time was to
make this statement. I learn, not from an inspec-
tion of the petitions, but from a Senator on this
floor, that already the citizens of Maryland are
petitioning Congress for damages which have
inured to their property, because of the construc-
tion of this work, so far as it has proceeded. One
of them was laid upon our table this morning,
and I now hold it in my hand. The Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who is an advocate and
supporter of this appropriation, knows that, upon
Pennsylvania avenue, between this and George-
town, for the grading of which we have made a
large appropriation, there is a very considerable
number of applicants urgently pressing him and
other Senators for payment for damages which
have been done their property, because of the
grading upon the avenue. I believe the petitions
have been referred to my friend from Indiana, as
a rrember of the Committee on the District of
Columbia. He is cognizant of the fact that, in
the opinion of the Attorney General, large claims
are justly due against this Governmenton account
of the damages done to tfie property by the grad-
ing of Pennsylvania avenue between this and
Georgetown. If this be the fact, I undertake to
say we shall have claims ad infinitum, from
Georgetown to the Great Falls, for damages done
by this work.
Again, I understand that the people along the
route raise a questton of constitutional power,
and deny the right of the Legislature of Mary-
land to pass the act which they did pass, allow-
ing us to tap the Potomac at the Great Falls.
They assert that nothing but a convention of the
people could confer power on the Legislature to
enable them to pass such an act.
But whether this be so or not, Mr. President,
this is the entering wedge of an amount of ex-
penditure which will fall but little short of that
which has attended the establishment of the mag-
nificent water-workvS in New York city. Here
we are told that, because of the property of the
Government, we should not contribute a portion,
but pay the entire expense of the water-works, as
we have paid for the grading of the avenues, for
construction of the city hall, for court-houses,
and everything else in this city. And why? Be-
cause, forsooth, we own the Capitol and the build-
ings for the Departments. Do we not own cus-
tom-house? and a vast amount of other property
in New York and Philadelphia free from taxa-
tion, and yet have we heard of any claim from
those cities or anywhere else for large appropria-
tions because our property is located there ? «No,
sir-, they thank us for placing ifi^ere. Philadel-
phia fights New York whenevoBtis proposed to
give her such a boon as a Mint. But'nenher of
them comes here to ask us to contribute towards
the erection of water-works for theircities.
But, Mr. President, if that argument be good/I
ask you what can you say when we come here
and demand an appropriation for harbors, not far
speculation, but for refuge, which have been par-
tially completed, upon those great inland s*as,
where the lives of our people are exposed to the
tempests and waves? What will many of the
peculiar friends of this appropriation say then?
Many, perhaps, go for this because of its prox-
imity to the Old Dominion, and the advantages
which will* inure from it to this section of the
country. They tell us that we have the constitu-
tional power to go on with this vast expenditure
of money; but they will fight to the death an ap-
propriation, though the work may be half done,
or three fourths clone, for a harbor of refuge at
Sheboygan or elsewhereon the most stormy inland
seas, where human life is exposed to such immi-
nent perils. Where, sir, is the man, woman, or
child, that has died for want of water in Wash-
ington or Georgetown? Hundreds of your 'neigh-
bors and friends, Mr. President, [Mr. Stuart in
the chair,] and mine have found erwatery grave on
these inland seas. Our harbors are uncompleted,
and we are now struggling to get through a bill
to preserve their lives. This is the difference be-
tween the two cases.
I know we are beset here by the people of the
District for this appropriation: it is'urged and
pressed by them. Towards them I have none
other than the kindest feelings, and am ready to
contribute the fair proportion of the Government
to this work; but I do not think it is proper to re-
quire us to pay the whole cost, and to let them
have the water for nothing.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I rise to say
to the friends of the District of Columbia that
they had better accept the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from Virginia; fori think
a very fair statement of the proposition would at
once show that, if by an appropriation of
|3,000,000, we bring water into the city of Wash-
ington, and thereby enhance the price of land and
real estate twenty-five per cent., or fifty percent.,
or one hundred per cent, those who receive this
bounty by the enhancement of the value of their
property, are in justice bound to make some con-
tribution towards it. Are we to be a bountiful
dispenser of the public money for their benefit?
I know, sir, that we are under very strong ob-
ligations to take charge of our public buildings,
and, perhaps, we have an interest in bringing
water into this city, but nothing like the interest
of those who are at our doors asking for the ap-
propriation. If the city of Washington had not
been built up by rapid settlement—respectable
settlers, I grant—there would have been water
enough for all the purposes of the public, without
the erection of these water works. But, sir, if
we are to bestow this money by way of bounty to
bring gold in the form of water upon the lands of
the proprietors he^, it is nothing but right that
they should contribute a proportion of the ex-
pense, and a larger proportion than one fourth;
but I will go for that proposition; and if gentle-
men are disposed to pass tlws appropriation in
good faith, they can, by my consent, ao it in no
other way.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Hunter's amendment to the amendment,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Boll, Bright, Butler, Ca?£'7
Cooper, Dodge of Iowa, Dous?)as, Fitzpatnok, Gillette,
Gvvin, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Mason, Slide)), Sumner,Thompson of Kentucky.
Thomson of New Jersey, Toooey, Wade, and Welifr—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Biodhead, Chase, Clayton, Dawson, Fessenden,' Foot,
Geyer, Houston, Jon^s of Tennessee, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,
Shields, Stuart, and Walker—19.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now renew the motion fur-
ther to amend the amendment, by adding to it—
JinB provided further, That the main aqueduct shall
not be more than seven feet in diameter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to say that,
by the report in relation to this aqueduct, it ap-
pears that the difference in cost between a seven
and nine feet aqueduct, is only $380,000. The
reason of that is, that the general estimate for the
