1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Mr. BADGER. The form of the question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as thejudg-
ment of the Senate?" There must be a majority
in the affirmative to sustain the Chair.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
holds that it is not in order to take an appeal from
a decision upon a question of order.
Mr. BADGER. I take an appeal from that.
Surely the Senate must have the ruling of its own
decisions, otherwise we cease to have any influ-
ence upon our own business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I concur entirely in the opin-
ion expressed by the Chair. It is not the opinion
of the Chaij that thequestion is upon in this case;
it is an appeal from the decision of the Senate
that the Senator proposes to take. The Senate,
of course, have sustained the decision.
Mr.COOPER. Oh, no.
Mr. BADGER. The Senate is equally divided.
Mr. BRIGHT. This comes up in the shape
of an affirmative proposition. Suppose the ques-
tion was upon an amendment, and the vote was
10 to 16; as a matter of course, the amendment
would fail.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Chair decided this amend-
ment out of order. The question is, shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate? The Senate being e (ually divided, clearly
the proposition fails, and the decision originally
made by the Chair stands, and the amendment is
out of order.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the prop-
osition is an exceedingly simple one. The Chair
decided that the amendment offered was out of
order. That is binding, unless appealed from. I
ask, whether you must not reverse the decision of
the Chair in order to permit the amendment to be
introduced? If you must reverse it, certainly you
must have a majority to reverse a positive decision.
The decision of the Chair would make theamend-
ment out of order, unless reversed by the .Senate.
Call there be a reversal by an equality vote? If
you take the analogy of courts of justice, the
principle is that an exception to a decision must
obtain a majority. Take, for instance, the case of
a motion for a newtrial. Where a trial has been
had, and a motion for a new trial is made, it the
court is equally divided, the motion is refused.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator will allow me to
say that that is not the question now before the
Senate. Theie being an equality of votes, the
Presiding Ollicer declares that the decision is
affirmed; from that decision I take an appeal.
Mr. I5AYA UD. I understand.
Mr. BADGliR. And the Presiding Officer in-
forms me that I have no right to take the sense
of (lie Senate whether he is right in his construc-
tion. I say, therefore, that that would be equally j
true if the vole stood yeas fifteen and nays twen-
ty-fivc. Suppose he said, in such a case, "The
yeas have it;" could not 1 appeal from that de-
cision? That is the question now before the
Senate—whether the announcement of the vote
by the Presiding Officer is conclusive.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the de-
cision of that question by the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. That,"is ihe present question.
Mr. BAYARD. But it seems to me that there
cannot be a shadow of a doubt, in regard to the
decision of the Chair, that it requires a majority
to reverse a decision of the Chair on a question
of oider.
Air. BADGER. That may be so; but I think,
clearly, we have a right to have the judgment of
the Senate on that point. If not, then we have
no ri«ht to the judgment of the Senate that the
majority overrules the minority, if the Chair de-
clares it the other way. I do not mean, of course
decided, upon that state of facts, that the appeal !
was lost—that the decision of the Chair was sus- |
tained. Now, the proposition to which the Sen- !
ator from North Carolina proposes to take an ap- i
peal is this decision of the Chair, that an equally t
divided vote upon an appeal on a point of order ,
affirms the decision originally rendered. It is |
from that proposition the appeal is now taken, j
and upon that proposition 1 cannot conceive how J
an appeal can be denied. j
Mr. BRIGHT. The rule in this case, I appre- j
hend, settles the question, as far as the Chair is j
concerned. The rule gives to the Chair the j
power of deciding whether an amendment is in j
order or not. If the Chair decides that it is in j
order, it requires a majority of the Senate to over- t
rule that decision. Now, m this case, a majority j
of the Senate have not overruled the decision. It i
requires a majority to reverse the decision .of the j
Chair; and if the appeal be persisted in, and the
question is put, it ought to be in this shape: Shall j
the decision of the Chair be reversed by the Sen-
ate?—whether sixteen votes against sixteen re-
verses the decision of the Chair?
Mr. BA DGER.. Let me call the attention of
the Senator from Indiana to the fact that he does
not meet the proposition before the Senate. There
is a vote of sixteen to sixteen; the Chair announces
that, therefore, the decision of the Chair is affirmed
by the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. Because a majority has not
reversed it.
Mr. BADGER. I am not entering into that.
I will assume, for the present, that the honorable
Senator from Indiana is correct; that the Ctmir
is correct; but I happen to have adifferent opinion,
and I take an appeal from that decision. The
Chair says I am not entitled to it. Now, it is
a question of construction; and, like every other
question, is to be decided by tins body. The
Chair says,there being an equal division, the Chau-
ls sustained. 1 say, theie being an equal division,
1 the decision of the Chair is reversed. Well,now,
! have we not a right to have the judgment of the
body upon that question? I am not entering into
the merits of the original question at all. I am not
undertaking to decide now whether the ruling of
the Chair is right or wrong; but I say I Jiave a
right to test that ruling by an appeal to the Sen-
ate. That is all. I very respectfully submit to
the Presiding Ollicer that I think he must see that
that is a question upon which, at all events, he
has not a right to decide without appeal.
Mr. RUSK. The Senate was not paying much
attention at the time this matter was discussed,
and a bare quorum voted. I have no sort of doubt
that this amendment comes clearly wiihin the rule
—that it is not excluded by it. We aie delaying
time with it. Here is a treaty stipulation to pay!
money; the amendment is to carry out a treaty;
: and when we propose to make an appropriation j
for that purpose, and pay one of the beneficiaries >
I of the treaty, it is determined, under that rule, to ;
i be out of order. The honorable Senator from |
| Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] says we cannot appro- j
j priate at all under it, if that is the case. But we '
i are getting into a hobble about the matter. We
j have one decision after another; and I suggest to ^
the Senatorfrom North Carolina, whether it would j
i not be better, instead of following up his appeal,
j to get some one who voted in the majority to move
! a reconsideration, or to offer the amendmentagain,
| when the bill is reported, and we have a full
' Senate.
! Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to the
! course suggested by my friend fiorn Texas, but
j then 1 do not want it to be understood that when
j a Piesiding Officer of this body announces that a
   ... . . , 'i vote is carried, Ihe announcement is conclusive
tcfimply that the Chair would decide it the other upon the body; because, as \ have just mentioned,
way, butto illustrate this proposition: Thereheing ;i without the slightest imputation upon the hon-
,l orable gentleman now filling the Chair, if that
were so, and the Chair were to decide upon any-
other question, there being fifteen yeas and twenty-
a vote of yeas sixteen, nays sixteen, the Chair
says the yeas have it, or the nays have it—either 1
way; surely i have a ri^ht to the judgment of the .
Senate upon it. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. It seems to me that the ;
Chair has decided two propositions. Prom one |
of those propositions there has been an appeal; ,
from the other there has not been an appeal. The j
first proposition was whether this amendment was <
out of order. The Chair decided it to be out of|
order. That was one decision, from which an j
appeal was taken. When the votes were counted, j
they were found equally divided. The Chair then i
five nays, that the yeas had it, we should be entirely
powerless, and a minority might determine any-
thing, having the sanction of the Chair. I only want
to have the sense of the Senafe in that particular.
I am entirely indifferent as to this paiticular vote.
ThePRESIDINGr OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question raised by the Senatorfrom North
Carolina. The Chair has no power to refuse to
put questions.
Mr. BADGER.
Then, sir, I have no hesita-
tion in withdrawing the appeal; I am very will-
ing to withdraw it, and let the matter fall, I do
not wish to embarass the Senate or delay the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
being withdrawn, the bill is open to amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to strikeout "ten"
and insert " twenty," in line fifty-four. The object
is to increase the appropriations for buildings for
Indian agencies front §10,000 to $20,000. 1 have
received a letter from the Indian office on the sub-
ject which explains the necessityfor this :
Dei* vrtmj'nt of the Interior, )
Office Indian Affairs, May 1, 1854. )
Sir: In view of the necessity of removing the present
localities of the Indian agencies in our remote Territo-
ries, and aWo of the negotiations which are being made
with the Indians of Nebia&ka, and the consequent neces-
sity of removing the agencies situated there, I have the
honor to recommend that the appropnation now at the dis-
posal of this Department for agency buildings be increased
by $10,000, so that the amount applicable to that object
will be ££0,000.
Verv respectfully, vour obedient servant,
GEORGE W. MANYPENNY, Commissioner.
Hon. W. K. Sebastian,
Chairman Committee Indian Ji(fairs, U. S. Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am further directed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
gKCi Jindbeit further enacted. That the President
; be, and lie h hereby, authorized and required, in all c,v*es
when- by law or treaty stipulations the United States have
engaged to invest sums of money in stocks for the benefit
of the fiuhans, or to hold tin: same in tt u<t, and pay interest
thereon, or to pay perpetual annuities, to cause the said
sums to be invested or held in trust, and the sunn equal to
the principal of said peipetual annuities to be, with tlie as-
sent,of the Indians, when necessary, invested in sale and
profitable stocks of any of the Slates in this Union, oi com-
muted into shorter annuities, or the puneipal paid to the
J ndians. as the President, m bis discretion, thinks most ad-
vantageous to the Indian-;.
Mr. President, the United States are indebted
by treaty stipulations to Indian tribes in about
three and a half millions of dollars, which they
engaged many years ago to invest in safe and
profitable stocks for the benefit of the Indians.
Heretofore, in consequence of the embarrassed
state of our exchequer, that treaty stipulation has
never been redeemed; and the consequence is, that
we are appropriating the interest upon the money
every year, while we have an ovei flowing Treas-
ury, out of which the money might be taken and
well invested, and the treaty stipulations fulfilled.
This, then, is a piopositton to pay off so much of
our national debt as is due under treaty stipula-
tions to the Indians. That is one class of debt
which is owing on account of ! ndian treaties, and
it amounts to about three and a half millions of
dollars. The stipulation is uniformly in some
half dozen treaties, that it shall be invested in
"safe and profitable stocks." That has not been
done heretofore; and this merely requires the
President to do what the treaties required to be
done long since.
The second class of engagements? are of thin
kind: where the United States pledged themselves
to the Indians that they would hold certain
amounts of money in the Treasury of the United
States in trust, and pay them the annual interest
perpetually. This, to all intents and purposes, is
of course a national debt, and might as well be in-
vested in safe and profitable stocks for tile benefit
of the Indians.
There is also a third class, that of perpetual an-
nuities, which ought to be changed to the form of
stocks. The United States are paying the interest
perpetually, but there is now idle 111 the Treasury
not only the capital, but more than the capital re-
quired to produce this annual interest. In order
to convert this and the second class to which I
have adverted, would require the formal assent of
the tribes before it could be done; and the amend-
ment only authorizes the President to make these
investments for the Indians when they agree to it,
and he judges it to be necessary.
In regaid to thefiistclass, however, amounting
to three and a half millions of dollars, their assent
is notnecessary, because it has already been given
by treaty; and it is simply requited of us to in-
vest the money, which ought to have been done
long since, and would have been done ere this
but for the state of the Treasury. The main ob-
ject is to prevent the enormous accumulation of
these perpetual annuities, trust funds, and other
national debts, which are swelling to an alarming
extent, I may say, the annual appropriations in
the Indian bill.
