1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
whole work comprehends, not alone the aqueduct,
but the basins ami all the other portions of the
work. The difference in supply wilt b6 thirty
millions of gallons.
Mr. PRATT. It will be one half.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir, 1 believe it will
be over thirty millions of gallons; for a seven
feet aqueduct would supply about thirty-one
millions of gallons, and a nine feet aqueduct
sixty-seven millions. The difference is thirty-six
millions of gallons; while the difference of cost is
only $380,000. It appears to me that this simple
statement is sufficient to satisfy Senators that
therfe is no necessity for this amendment, and that
it will be a very injurious one, indeed.
Mr. JAMES. I would ask the honorable Sena-
tor, what is the necessity foranine feetaqueduct?
It is well known, that the aqueduct which leads
the water into New York city is but seven feet
in diameter, and the fall there is very much less
than it is from the Great Falls of the Potomac to
this city; and there is water enough brought !
through that aqueduct to supply two millions of;
inhabitants. Now, if there is any necessity :
for an aqueduct giving twice that amount of
water, I should like some Senator to say so. I
am willing to vote for it if there be any necessity ;
for it; but not otherwise.
Mr. PRATT, in the first place, Mr. Presi-
dent, I doubt the power of Congress to alter the '
plan which has been adopted. This water is to ;
be taken from the State of Maryland. The ori-!
ginal appropriation required the assent of Mary- i
land antecedent to the commencement of the work !
by which the water was to be taken. The act of ;
the Legislature of Maryland giving that assent I
recites that: i
il Whereas, The Oon<rr(Nq of tin1 United States have !
appropriated the sum of .<100,000 n>r the purpose of Mip- I
plying ihe city ot Washington with watei, upon such plan
as tlx; PreMilent of the Uniu.-d feJiatcn may approve."
The preamble continues, and then the first sec- ;
tion is:
" Be il enacted b<! the Uencml Jl-isembh) oj Mm viand, :
That H the plan Adopted by tin* tit oY tin- United
States lor Mipplyinn the city ot \W,hm<5t«>M vvtih wttri,
should reqime the ^"tid w.itei to he drawn irom any sourer :
within the hrniH of this State, oon>emis heiehy given," &.<?. j
So tfie Senate will perceive that the assent of1
Maryland to the taking ot the water from within
her limns, was given exclusively upon the condi- |
tion that it should be taken upon the plan adopted 1
by the President of the United States. Now, itis i
known to every one who haw looked at the report !
ot the engineer who made the surveys for this j
work, thai the President hm adopted a plan by!
which the aqueduct is to be of m c feet diameter.
In addition to this, the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Bi'-.nuamin } has shown the Senate, by figures
furnished by the engineer, (than whom ! venture
to say, notwithstanding the suggestions thrown
out that there may be a mistake in his estimate,
there is not one more skilhd in the country,) that '
a nine feet aqueduct will gi\e double the supply of
water which a seven feet aqueduct will give, while
the additional cost of the nine feet aqueduct will
be only $380,000.
When, therefore, 1 look to tj^e consent ofMary-
land, given up„n the hypothesis that the nine feet:
aqueduct was to be the one adopted, (because the
assent was- given on condition that the plan adopted
by the President should be the one on which this
work should be carried on,) and to the fact that
the only increase of expend wdl be ^360,000,1
can .see no reason for the adoption of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hami.iw]
Mr. President, the pari of the District of Colum-
bia now owned by the Federal Government was
ceded by the State of Maryland. I Icrgreaf object
in passing the law authorizing you to take'the
property of her citizens for the pu? pose of bringing
water to the District, wes, not that the individual
citizens of the District of Columbia should be
supplied with water, but that this cuy, built upon
the territory which she had conveyed to the United
States, should be worthy of the important object
for which it was des'^ned.
But, sir, the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
James] tells us that an aqueduct of seven feet
diameter would he sufficient, and that the aque-
duct at .New \ork is but seven feet in diameter.
Does that Senator know that during the present
summer there is not a single one of"the fountains
in the city of New York havinga sufficient supply
of water to play ?
Mr. JAMES. Allow me to say to the honor-
able Senator that that grows out of the want of a
sufficient supply of water at the Croton. The
aqueduct itself is not filled, nor half filled, now.
Mr. PRATT. Well, sir, I learn from author-
ity in which I have implicit confidence—the au-
thority of the engineer appointed by the President
to make this survey, and therefoie the authority
on which Congress should rely—that what I have
stated is correct. I say this is authority to which
Congress should look, instead of the mere opinions
of Senators on this floor, who, however scientific
they may be, and though they may esteem them-
selves superior in scientific attainments to this
engineer, have never made the survey, and do not
know the fall or How of water, or anything of that
kind, except as furnished by him.
Now, the great object of having a nine feet aque-
duct, at an additional cost of only $380,000, is
that this city may have its magnificent fountains
with an abundance of water, to be played at all
times for the comfort and convenience of the citi-
zens of the United States who may visit the na-
tional metropolis. I would greatly prefer that no
appropriation should be made at the present ses-
sion, rather than that you should alter the magnif-
icent plan adopted by the President, for the mere
purpose of saving $380,000. If we have no money
now in the Treasury to devote to this purpose,
let us wait until'we have. If we have now such
an economical spirit as to prevent us from carry-
ing on this great work as it should be carried on,
in accordance with,the plan adopted by the Chief
Magistrate of the nation, let us wait until this
spirit of economy shall have left us. It is certain-
: ly unusual in this body, and this is the first time
! I have seen it attempted to be displayed. 1 think
it is now displayed for a very improper and un-
worthy object.
Therefore, sir, 1 conclude, in the first place,
that the act of assent of Maryland was an assent
to the plan adopted by the President, and Congress
has no power to alter the plan to which Maryland
assented; and, in the second place, according to
the argument of my friend from Louisiana, there
-s no object in saving this mere pittance, and
thereby getting one half less water than otherwise.
Mr. JAMES. A question has been raised be-
tween the seven feet and the nine feet aqueduct,
and it is said there will be but $380,000 difference
in cost. Even if that he so, it should be borne in
mind that the seven feetaqueduct is much less liable
j to get out of repair; and for that reason the New
S York aqueduct was made with seven feet instead
of a larger diameter. It is known to every gen-
I tleman that a large cylinder, particularly a brick
i cylinder, is very difficult to construct, so that it
can be kept in its position, and it is much better
■ to have a seven feet aqueduct than a nine feet one,
i even at the same cost, for the reason that one is
; not as liable to get out of order as the other.
; Mr. COOPER. The Senator from Rhode
Island has said part of what I designed to say.
I should make no difference whatever between the
seven and the rime feet pipes, on account of the
j difference in the expense. We are told by my
j friend from Lou'siana that the difference would be
! but $380,000, and I presume it would be no more;
j but ifwould be greatly better, I am satisfied, that
i the city and the Government should be supplied
i with seven feet pipes, which can be easily con-
; strncted, various establishments in the country
: being of capacity equal to casting that kind of
pipes, but perhaps not u single one in the country
hi of capacity enough to cast pipes of the dimen-
, sions proposed.
; M r * B ENJAM LY. Allow me to say to my
' friend that the question is not an to the size of the
j pipes. The question is as to the size of the brick
j aqueduct. It is the brick aqueduct, the diameter of
; which it is proposed to reduce to seven feet in-
i stead of nine feet. It is already pattly built with
| the diameter of nine feet.
Mr. COOPER. Mow much of it is built2
Mr. BENJAMIN. J do not know how much,
but it is partly built.
Mr. COOPER. Sir, there is no kind of doubt
that the supply of water which will be conveyed
to the city through a seven feet aqueduct will be
more than necessary for all the purposes which
have been referred to by several Senators who
have spoken. You can have your fountains
played with the water that will be brought to
the city through a seven feet aqueduct, as well
as through a nine feet aqueduct. There is no ne-
cessity for such a large aqueduct. As has been
remarked by theSenator from Rhode Island, New
York city is supplied, and supplied abundantly,
with water through a seven feet aqueduct, and there
is nothing like the amount of fall between the head
of the Croton aqueduct that there is between the
Great Palls of the Potomac and this point; and
that makes, as you are perfectly aware, sir, a
vast difference m the amount of water pressed
through, the amount of head operating very large-
ly in increasing the amount of water that flows
through the aqueduct or pipes. Now, sir, when
we see by the experience of a city already con-
taining half« a million of souls, and probably
more than that number, that a seven feet aque-
duct supplies water for more than is necessary
for all their wants, why is it that we should ex-
pend one cent more, making the work less per-
fect, than by expending the amount that would
be required for the smaller class of aqueduct, have
a perfect work ? There is no reason for it what-
ever.
Mr. PRATT. My friend from Pennsylvania
is altogether mistaken, as I learn, in the fact on
which his argument is predicated. The slope or
fall of the Croton aqueduct, New York, is one
foot.
Mr. COOPER. To how much ?
Mr. PRATT. I will give the Senator all the
infuim&tion which I possess. The fall in New
York is as one foot compared with nine inches
here. That is to say, it is one foot to the mile,
and here nine inches to the mile; and, therefore,
the slope here is less, and consequently the larger
dimension of aqueductis required. This I learn
from the engineer.
Mr. .BADGER. Mr. President, I desire to
state very briefly the reasons which induce me to
vote against the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine, in addition to what has been
so well and satisfactorily said by my friends from
Louisiana and Maryland. We authorized, by an
act of Congress, this whole work to be constructed
on such a plan as the President of the United
States should approve. A judgment as to the
propriety of the plan depends on a knowledge of
science, of mechanics. The President of the
United States had access to the very best means m
the country to ascertain what was the best plan on
which this work should be constructed. Therefore,
if he sought for the best plan, he had the highest
probability of obtaining it. The President could
have had no motive under Heaven but to adopt
the best plan; and, therefore, I presume that the
plan adopted was the best.
Now, sir, f have not the skill and acquaintance
with such matters that some Senators have. I am
nut a scientific person. I do not understand the
operation of mechanical forces. I do not under-
stand any of the elements which would enable me
to decide whether a nine feet or a seven feet aque-
duct is preferable—whether the larger is necessary
or whether the smaller will do. Under such cir-
cumstances, I shall nottakeupon myselfto under-
take to decide this question, but I shall presume
upon the argument ad verecundian that it is proper
for me to suppose that the Chief Magistrate, under
all the advantages he has had to adopt the best
plan, without a possible motive to adopt other
than (he best, has adopted it
Sir, as to the suggestions given by those who
hang around this Capitol, experimentors, men
who have plans for every thing, I for my part do
not trouble myself with them. I have no doubt
that if you were now to reduce the diameter of'
this aqueduct to seven feet, you would at the
next session of Congress find plenty of scientific
persons who would show you that it would be a
great deal better to have it five feet, and I have no
doubt that ultimately they would get it down to
one foot. Nine feet has been selected. It has
not been demonstrated, because we have not here
the materials from which demonstration could be
obtained, and if we had the materials, 1 have not
got information and capacity to enable me to de-
cide, that that character of work is not the best.
Why then changeit? Why run the risk of losing
the great benefits of this work for the purpose of
saving a comparatively small sum of money,and
with the necessity, in the first instance, of pulling
down a part of the work which you have already
