1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i^r
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, if I understand
this proposition, it is to invest the money which
we owe to the Indians in State stocks; and those
State stocks, according to the practice of the Gov-
ernment heretofore, we must guarantee. If they
fall below par, or if the State fails to pay the in-
terest, we have to make it good. In each of the
annual appropriation bills we have already stipu-
lations to make good the interest on the Indian
funds which we have already invested in those
stocks. I think our experience has shown that
this is a very dangerous relation to hold towards
the States. I am not disposed to see the United
States going into the market, and investing money,
especially in such large sums as these, in the
stocks of the States, for many reasons. The pre-
cedent is a bad one, and it is a dangerous sort of
patronage, especially when we come to extend it
further; and it is one which may be sought to be
extended further in the present condition of the
Treasury, ltseems tome that we had better meet
the question at once. It is far safer for the United
States, if we have to guarantee, to retain the funds,
and pay the interest ourselves, instead of running
this risk. We have not found, heretofore, that
this relation of debtor and creditor between the
United States and the States has been very profit-
able, and I am not disposed now to extend the
practice. It has gone far enough already.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 wish, Mr. President, to
be allowed to correct what I think is an obvious
misapprehension of the Senator from Virginia. I
do not think the Indian bill contains the feature of
which he speaks—that of annual appropriations
to make up for the fall or depreciation in the price
of State stocks.
Mr. HUNTER. The failure to pay the in-
terest.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is true there is in every
Indian appropriation bill an appropriation to pay
interest, but that interestis received from the States
into the Treasury of the United States as trustee,
and requires an appropriation to pay it out again.
That is a mere matter of form. After the money
goes into the Treasury it requires an act of appro-
priation to get it out again. The Government of
the United States holds largely of the stocks of the
States in trust for the Indians, at this time, in
pursuance of treaty stipulations; and as to the first
class of cases embraced in the amendment, there
cannot be any question or doubt as to the propri-
ety of it, because such is the positive, imperative
obligation of the treaties, that it must be invested
for the benefit of the Indians " in safe and profita-
ble stocks." The duty which we take upon our-
selves to discharge is that of trustee; a plain one,
which involves no responsibility where the trust
is honestly performed. If stocks are safe and pay-
ing stocks at the time we buy them, we are cer-
tainly not bound to guarantee the fortunes of the
particular State, or its punctuality and promptness,
through all coming time. Such has not been the
view which the United States have taken of their
obligations heretofore. I well remember that in a
case where some bonds were bought for the Chick-
asaws, they fell from par to twenty-five cents on
the dollar. We have large stocks of the State of
Michigan at this time which are paying interest,
but the annual interest thereon is appropriated in
the Indian appropriation bill, and these are the
appropriations which the Senator from Virginia
erroneously supposes to be appropriations to make
good out of the Treasury of the United States, the
losses to the Indians. Such is not the case. There
can be, therefore, no difficulty as to the first class,
amounting to about three and a half millions of
dollars, in regard to which we have most impera-
tively engaged by treaty to do the very thing
which th e amendment proposes to require the Pres-
ident now to do.
The second class of cases, those in which we
hold moneys in trust where we have engaged to
pay perpetual annuities, I assimilate to the case
of a national debt, and allow them to be converted
into stocks, with the assent of the Indians. If
they give us that assent in such a manner as to
enable us to be freed from any responsibility after-
wards to invest these surplus funds for their bene-
fit, it will be of great advantage. We are now
paying interest on large sums of money which are
lying idle in the Treasury of the United States,
and this will be, to that extent, a discharge of the
national debt. The amount which we have thus
; to pay interest to the Indians reaches, at
this time, the astonishing sum of §10,000,000;
and I am sure that few Senators are aware that
this amount is a perpetual charge against the
United States, unless it can be redeemed, or its
extinction provided for in the manner pointed out
by the amendment.
But the amendment does not stop simply with
requiring the investment of these funds of the
Indians in safe and profitable stocks. It allows,
with their consent, these long annuities to be
turned into shorter annuities; or, in such cases
where the President may judge it to be advisable,
the whole capital may be paid over to the Indians.
I can imagine many cases in which the Indians
are highly competent to manage the funds for
themselves, and where, instead of dealing out to
them little dribbling annuities perpetually, it would
be much better for their condition, socially and
physically, that the whole capital should be re-
deemed and extinguished by the payment of the
principal over to them.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think that
if the Senator from Arkansas will look into the
matter, he will find that we have been in the habit
of making good an appropriation to Indians on
account of the failure of Indiana to pay the inter-
est on certain moneys invested m Indiana State
stocks. I think we have made good investments
in Arkansas stock for the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we have : I think the
Senator will find that such is the case. ' And I ap-
prehend, if we were to invest these funds of the
Indians in State stocks, and the States should fail
to pay the interest, we should hold ourselves bound
to make it good to the Indians. Now, if this be
the case, if we are bound to guarantee this pay-
ment to the Indians, is it not safer to retain the
money in our hands? What do we gain by in-
vesting it in State stocks If we are to have this
obligation imposed upon us, is it not far better to
retain the fund in our own hands, and pay the
Indians the interest annually? So far as these
long annuities are concerned, if it be desirable to
exchange them for shorter annuities, paying them
larger sums, that could be done by treaty, whether
we pay them directly out of the Treasury, or in
the form of State stocks. There is no reason why
treaties, bargains, or contracts should not be en-
tered into for that purpose, if it be a desirable ob-
ject. What I object to is, taking this money and
investing it in State stocks in a mode and shape
which will make us responsible for the payment
of the interest on those stocks.
1 object to that for many reasons. One is, that
it is a species of obligation which I do not wish to
see imposed on this Government. Another is,
that it may be the commencement of a very dan-
gerous system. Suppose, whenever we have a
surplus in the Treasury, it is proposed to extend
the system further, and invest the whole surplus
in State stocks, what a dangerous sort of patron-
age, and to what evils might it not lead? It is
better, I think, to oppose these things in the be-
ginning. Now, there is nothing in the treaty stip-
ulation with the Indians, which forces us to in-
vest this money in State stocks, so long as we
guarantee and secure to them the payment of the
interest, which is all that they are entitled to
demand. They have it in truth and in effect in the
United States stocks—in a six per cent. United
States stock, and this is far better for them than
any State stock which we could purchase.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Virginia
is not correct in regard to the delinquency of Ark-
ansas as connected with the Smithsonian Institu-
tion; but still I believe he is substantially right in
this, that they were a portion of the bonds of the
State of Arkansas, now under par, for the State
is unable to pay the interest, which did constitute
an investment by this Government. The State
having failed to pay the interest, and the stocks
having gone below par, they were, some years ago,
by authority of the Government of the United
States, sold out for what they would bring.
Now, sir, respecting this policy, in regard to
which the Senator from Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
differ, I have no question that if the Government
of the United States, under the authority of a
treaty, goes on aceordingto the terms of the treaty,
and invests funds due to the Indians, in State
stocks, it renders itself liable. If the Government
does not invest in safe stocks, it must ultimately
pay the amount. It seems to me that there can
be no question of that. When the United States
have all the power in their own hands, and when
they have the management of the Indian funds,
there is no defense for a failure on their part to
secure to the Indians the whole of their money.
Especially is this so when we look at the history
of the Indians in connection with our Government.
As to the question, then, what shall be done with
this matter, I must say, if we are to continuethis
policy, let it be done m this case as in all others. *
If not, a distinctive and definite proposition ought
to be adopted; and perhaps we might as well get
clear of those bonds which we have, and let the
United States invest the sum in their own stocks
at once. I do not know how that would be. Gen-
tlemen can settle that matter as they please; but
it seems to me that we are bound for the money
when we make an investment for the Indians.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I do not see
any necessity now for our investing any funds in
the stocks of the States. There are United States
stocks enough in which we can invest, if there is
any necessity for investing these sums. It seems
to me to be a mere matter of book-keeping. We
may as well be indebted to the Indians without
investment, and that has to them all the security
of a stock of the United States as much as if we
were to make an investment; but certainly, while
we are paying off our own stocks to reduce our own
debt, it seems to me, very unwise and unneces-
sary'to be investing special fundsin the .stocks of
the States. I agree with the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the Senator from
New Yoik misunderstands the amendment. I did
not certainly undertake to recommend invest-
ments in stocks of the United States, because
these engagements already constitute a stock of
the United States. What I propose is, when there
is so large a surplus in the Treasury of the United
States, to take the money and invest it in stocks of
the States, in pursuance of the treaties with the
Indians requiring this specific investment to be
made "safe and profitable stocks/'say the trea-
ties, and this obligation reaches to $3,500,000.
Mr. SEWARD. Then it is only necessary to
make a new stock of the United States; that will
be a " safe" investment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That would he changing
the form of the investment, and not extinguishing
the debt.
Mr. SEWARD. It ^ould be changing the
form of the books certainly. I think that for us
to buy up State stocks, and get into the difficulties
into which we got once before, would be very
unwise.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer from the committee. It is to insert
under the heading " miscellaneous" the following:
For defraying the expenses of continuing the removal and
subsistence of the Indians in California to five military res-
ervations, in accordance with the plan submitted by the
superintendent ot Indian affairs of that Ftate, and approved
by the President, the sum of $125,000: Provided, the sub-
agents created by this act shall be appointed by the super-
intendent, subject to confirmation by the Secretary of the
Interior, nut to exceed one for each reservation nor five in
all Said reservations to contain not less than five, nor
more than twenty-five thousand acres: And the said super-
intendent is authorized to apply, out ot the sum hereoy
appropriated, not exceeding $25,(00 in the extinguishment
of conflicting titles and rights to said reserved lands at a
price not exceeding $1 25 per acre for a valid and inde-
feasible title to the lands so purchased: Jlnd Provided, the
State of California shall cede the necessary jurisdiction in
such cases.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
California, embracing the expenses of travel of the^uper-
intendent and agent, &c., $25,000.
Mr. WELLER. This amendment makes an
appropriation of $125,000 for continuing the re-
moval and subsistence of the Indians in California,
while the estimateof the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs for this purpose was $200,000. Really
I do not see upon what ground the Committee
on Indian Affairs have reduced the amount to
$125,000. Why, sir, according to the report of
the Commissioner, it appears that one fourth of all
the Indians in the United States are in the State of
California. There are one hundred thousand In-
dians there. The superintendent of Indian affairs
in California asked for an_ appropriation of
§500,000 to carry out the plan which was adopted
by Congress at the preceding session. Upon con-
