1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
during the session; fur if they may take^ne day
to consider of it, they may take the whole ses-
sion.
Now, my friend from Kentucky has suggested
one or two questions, which I think will be suffi-
ciently answered by this statement. The vacan-
cies which the Executive of a State is authorized
to fill, are never vacancies that happen by the
efflux of time; they are not foreseen vacancies;
they are vacancies that "happen " by resignation
or otherwise."
Mr. President, from an exceeding desire to give
to this clause of the Constitution such u construc-
tion as would keep the Senate always full, J labored
hard, a year or two ago, when we had questions of
this kind before us, to find out some method of sup-
porting, in my own mind, the construction that a
vacancy happening by the efflux of time, and not
filled beforehand by the Legislature, might be j
brought within this limited power conferred upon |
the Executive; but, sir, I have been obliged to j
abandon it. j
" By resignation or otherwise," is the language. ,
We must expound the word " otherwise" to ap- j
ply to vacancies happening by similar events;
that is, unforeseen events—death, resignation, ap-
pointment to an office which disqualifies—and it
can never be applied to the expiration V die term
of a Senator which leaves a seat vacant on this
floor. My opinion, therefore, is, that the Govern-
or of a State has no power to fill a vacancy in
this body which is brought about by the expira-
tion or efflux of the time for which a Senator was
elected—in other words, at the determination of
Ills term in the Senate. It must be a vacancy m
the term, happening during the recess of the Le-
gislature; it must be a vacancy in the term hap-
pening by resignation or other casualty. That I
understand to have been the express and solemn
decision of the Senate in Mr. Lanman's case, in
1805, overruling one or two earlier decisions,
which had passed, perhaps, without full consider-
ation.
So, Mr. President, as I consider this whole
power, and the duration of the appointment de-
pending upon it, as conferred for a special neces-
sity, and as terminating with that necessity—the
power of the Executive to appoint and the right
of the person holding under the exercise of that
power—so it necessarily follows that, if a legisla-
tive session intervene when there is a vacancy m
this body which has not been filled, the Executive
of the State can have no power to fill it after the
expiration of that session. The necessity existed
it existed until the meeting of the Legislature.
The power was not exerted during the necessity;
or if exeiled dmiug the necessity, expires with it;
and, as a necessary and inevitable consequence,
the power is not reproduced to be exerted after-
wards.
Mr. President, every view of this subject
strengthens what I have suggested. The aigu-
ments have been well stated as strong to support
the construction winch I have given to this clause
of the Constitution. The Senator from South
Caiolina has well said, that if there be no hmita- J
tion on the appointment, except the filling of the :
vacancy by the Legislature, if it may continue
beyond an intervening session of the Legislature,
the appointment certainly does not end until the j
expiration of the term for which the resigned or
deceased Senator was elected. J
And permit me to ask you, sir, what follows; |
what mi ht follow; yes, Mr. President, and what ■
certainly would follow if this interpretation be
adonted' In some of the States the Senate holds
over, while the HouseofRepresentatives is elected
annually. Suppose the Senate of a State to be
of a particular political complexion, and the Ex-
ecutive of the same political complexion. A
vacancy has arisen, and a temporary appointment 1
has been made by the Executive. The Legisla-
ture meets, and it is the duty of the Legislature,
under the Constitution, to fill that vacancy. But
suppose also an overwhelming number of the
House of Representatives, or the Lower House,
by whatever name called, which is just elected by
the people, whose politics are directly different
from those of the Senate holding over—call it be,
sir, that we are to hold out a direct encourage-
ment to thai Senate to refuse to go into an election,
and cause the popular will of the State to be mis-
represented, to continue in this body a man who ,
has ceased entirely to represent the views of the
people whom he is sent here to represent; and,
therefore, to add to some of the difficulties which |
sometimes arise in the way of the Legislature, the I
positive inducement to forbear discharging the j
duty imposed upon them by the Constitution, in
order to advance the party interests represented
by the Senate holding over.
Mr. President, if my friend from Vermont can
satisfy me that these view are wrong, so far as he
is personally concerned I shall rejoice at it. I be-
lieve with my honorable friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Butler,] that if it depended upon the
Senate to say, as a matter of choice, whether he
should fill the place on this floor which he now so
worthily occupies, there would not be adissenting
voice in this Chamber. But that is not the ques-
tion we have to decide; it is a question of constitu-
tional right. If he is entitled to retain his place,
then the most unworthy and most objectionable
man, under circumstances the most improper, such
as I have already adverted to, may be authorized
to hold a seat on this floor from session to session,
and from year to year. I cannot resist the con-
clusion that the Senate heretofore has not been
mistaken with regard to the true purport of the
Constitution, and that the true construction to be
placed upon it is, that, with the necessity expires
the Executive appointing power, and the right of
those who hold under it, and that the Constitution
intended,and the Senate hasalways so recognized
it, that by the term " meeting " was intended
"session." Then by inevitable consequence it
follows, that though the Senator holding under the
temporary appointment has a right to sit during
the whole of the next session of the Legislature,
unless superseded by a new appointment, yet when
that session ends the seat necessarily fails; the
necessity is gone under which he held. The full
I time, period, and opportunity contemplated by
! the Constitution has been given to the general
electing power—the Legislature; they have failed
I —whether by fault or misfortune, whether because
they could not agree, or because one House was
obstinate, and would not go into joint ballot;
or because both Houses refused to discharge a
solemn duty devolved upon then) by the Constitu-
tion and their oaths, makes no difference as to the
effect of such adjournment upon the temporary
appointment which had its whole origin, owed its
whole life, and had therefore, necessarily, its con-
tinuance measured by the accidental, casual neces-
sity out of which it sprung.
Therefore, Mr. President, as at present advised,
with the greatest lehictance in the world—I mean
reluctance so far as the honorable gentleman is
personally concerned—I shall feel obliged to vote
against the resolution reported by the committee.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, if I thought
that this course of debate was best calculated to
elicit from the Senate a correct decision on this
question, I should submit to it in silence; but I
entertain a very different opinion in regard to it.
We have now heard three consecutive speeches—
all very able ones—from gentlemen opposed to the
member from Vermont holding his seat. The
proposition which was made yesterday, and ac-
quiesced in by the gentleman who claims the seat
was, that he should reserve himcelf until the close
of the discussion, and then give us hisviewsupon
the question whether he is entitled to the seat or
not. I submit, sir, that that course is unjusl both
to the claimant and to ourselves. I think we ought
to hear the argument of the gentleman who claims
the seat, in the first instance, and then, after having
heard him, we can discuss the question between
ourselves. If we concur with htm, we can say so;
if we differ from hiin, we can show the reasons
why we do so.
But, sir, if this course is to be pursued, it is
evident that nearly all the members of the Senate
■ will express themselves on one side or the other
j before the gentleman who claims the seat, and
i who, it must be presumed, has examined the sub-
i ject much more thoroughly than any of us, has
been heard in defense of his claim. I trust that
course will be adopted which I think has been
; adopted in every case of a similar character, that
; the claimant to the scat shall be fully heard m the
! first instance, and that then, if there be any one
who desires to reply to him, he may do so; and
others who oppose the claim may also speak; and
1 at the close of the debate, the claimant will fairly
I be entitled to replv to those who oppose him. I
iS trust, therefore, that if the gentleman from Ver-
mont himself, has not any insuperable objection
to going on with the debate, we shall now have
the privilege of hearing him.'
Mr. BUTLER. I have but a word to say as
to the propriety of the suggestion of my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Ci.aytow.J It is not usual
for a member whose seat is contested to mingle at
all in the debate. I feel bound to say that such is
the parliamentary usage; but when it was pro-
posed that the honorable gentleman who claims
the Seat of Senator from Vermont should be
heard in thefirstinstance.Iyielded. Weheardhim
i before the committee, and I am willing to hear him
! at this time, and also at the conclusion of the de-
! bate; but I would not have it understood, by any
remark which has been made by the honorable
Senator from Delaware, that there is any disposi-
tion to deny to the gentleman from Vermont any
•personal courtesy which could be extended to him.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not believe there is.
Mr. BUTLER. I can assure the gentleman
that, aMprding to the usage in the Parliament of
England in such cases as the one now presented,
the claimant would have asked leave to be heard
at the bar of the House; and he would have been
heard at the bar at the beginning, and the mem-
bers would have deliberated upon the subject af-
terwards. But I am perfectly willing to hear the
gentleman again, because the committee has re-
ported in his favor.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, not having
been present in the Committee on the Judiciary
when this subject was before them, I shall desire
very briefly to express my views to the Senate at
some time before the vote is taken. I had intended
to do so this morning; but the floor has been pre-
occupied, and I am willing to give way to the gen-
tleman who claims the seat from Vermont, if he
desires it, and he may address the Senate before
the discussion is concluded on the part of the
members of the Senate. I should myself desire to
hear him, before 1 express an opinion with regard
to the title wliich he has to the seat.
Mr, PETT1T. I think the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary is mistaken in refer-
ence to the precedents. I do not know that I am
now prepared to speak of the precedents in the
Parliament of Great Britain in cases of contested
elections, but, so far as the other end of this Cap-
itol is concerned, I have had considerable experi-
ence there. I have mingled in the debates of that
House in at least half a dozen cases of contested
election, and it is the uniform practice there to
hear the arguments and the views of the contest-
ants at such time as may suit them. It is a cour-
tesy which is never denied, never refused.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not deny it; I do not re-
fuse it; nobody objects to it; I was only explain-
ing file effect of my suggestion.
Mr. PHELPS then proceeded to argue his right
to the seat which he claimed. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. DIXON interposed at three o'clock, and
moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall make some
disposition of this subject, one way or the other.
I shall feel constrained to ask the Senate to take
up to-morrow the special order that was fixed for
that day. I hope there may be some understand-
ing as to what shall be done with it. If gentle-
men move to postpone the further consideration
of this subject until the Nebraska bill be disposed
of, I shall not interpose any objection.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very far from wishing to
interfere at all with the arrangements of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois. 1 should have been
willing to finish my remarks to-morrow; or, if
that should interfere with the wishes of the Sen-
ate, to defer them to a later day. I am not at all
solicitous about it.
Mr. PRATT. I make the distinct proposition
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until after the final action of the Senate upon
the Nebraska bill.
The presiding officer, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) There is a motion to adjourn pend-
iMr. DIXON.
Mr. PRATT.
I withdraw the motion.
I desire to submit the distinct
proposition, that the subject now underdebate be
postponed until after the final action of the Senate
on the Nebraska bill. I think that would be per-
fectly m order, because there is no rule which re-.
