1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was recommitted the bill for
the relief of Henry S. San ford, reported it back,
with an amendment.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was recommitted
the bill to amend the several acts now in force
relating to the Patent Office, reported it back
with sundry amendments.
B^L INTRODUCED.
Mr. GrWIN aSked and obtained the unanimous |
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the re- j
lief of David F. Douglass, late marshal of the |
northern district of California; which was read a i
first and second-time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to which was re-
ferred the bill to amend an act entitled "An act for
the relief of the inhabitants of the reserved town-
ship in Gibson county, m the State of Indiana,"
approved August 11, 1842, to report it back with
amendments. It is a very unimportant bill to the
United States, and I ask that it may be put upon
its passage now.
Mr. BADGER, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 24, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
oy Rev. Henry Slicer.
4 The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is a motion holding over from last Monday, to
suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to report
the following bill:
House bill (No. 34) " granting the right of way
and a donation of land to the State of Alabama
in aid of the construction of the Coosa and Ten-
nessee railroad, in said State, leading from Gads-
den to the Tennessee river, at or near Gunter's
Landing."
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
from Alabama yield me the floor a moment?
Mr. COBB. 1 hope no friend will ask me to
yield the floor, if so doing will affect my motion
at all.
Mr. DAVIS. It will not affect it.
Mr. COBB. There have been thirty applica-
tions to me this morning to yield the floor for
various pui poses.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you object.
Mr. COBB. No, I do not; but I want to state
this if the gentleman will allow me: Last Satur-
day, 1 suppose, we did the largest business Con-
gress has ever done since the organization of the
Government. The committee at last found itself
without a quorum, and were thereby prevented
from proceeding further, and reporting the bills to
the Bouse i want to state to the House, before
tins measure of mine is considered, if it is the
pleasure of the House to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole House, in order to re 
port the action of Saturday, f have not the least
objection to their doing so, provided my motion
shall come up immediately after, and that the busi-
ness of the House remain precisely as it is now
until that business shall have been disposed of.
Mr. HOUST< 'N. We can accomplish the same
purpose by a much shorter method. I will move,
if the House wi'l allow me, that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration ot the bills laid aside to be reported
to the House on Saturday last, and that they be
brought into the House. I will then move that
the House, by one vote, concur in the report of
the committee; and we can thus dispose of the
whole business without consuming but very little
of the time of the House.
Mr. DAVfS,of Indiana. I rise to a question of
order. 1 understood the Speaker to recognize me
befire he did the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. That would not alter the
state of business at all; for no motion would be in
order except to adjourn, and no discussion would
be in order upon any question. The Chair might
have recognized the gentleman, not knowing but
he wished to move to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, is it not true that the
Chair recognized me?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize
the gentleman, but no motion was in order except
to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I asked the gentleman from
Alabama to yield to me to enable me to move to
report a Senate bill from the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Ala-
bama refused to give way for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I propounded the question dis-
tinctly to the gentleman whethei^he objected to
my proposition, and he replied that he did not.
The proprietors of the Glenwood Cemetery wish
to dedicate the cemetery to-morrow, and I hope
there will be no objection to passing this act for
their incorporation.
Mr. COBB. Certainly, I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The 'Chair will set the gen-
tleman from Alabama and himself right then by
propounding the question, whether there beany
objection to the gentleman from Indiana reporting
a bill?
GLENWOOD CEMETERY.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ported, and read by its title, as follows:
An act to incorporate the proprietors of the
Glenwood Cemetery.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will just state to the House
that the bill is m the usual form of acts of incor-
poration, with all the guards that are usually con-
tained in such acts. I have examined the bill very
carefully, and so has thechairmanof the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. 1 do not think
it is necessary to have it read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the read-
ing.
The bill was read in extenso.
The amendment of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia was read and agreed to, as fol-
lows:
Add a* an additional section :
Sec. 13. jirni he it farther cnactcd, That each of the
stockholder's in said company shall he held liable m his oi-
lier individual capacity tor ail the debis and liabilities of
said company, however commoted or incurred, to be re-
covered by suit as other debts or liabilities before the court
or tribunal having jurisdiction of the ea*e.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] by unanimous consent,
proposes that the House shall discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from certain bills
passed upon by the committee on Saturday last;
and further, that the House shall act upon them
en masse, as reported from the committee. Is the
unanimous consent of the House given to that
course?
Mr. M1LLS0N, I desire to ask the Chair if
it would not be competent for the House to take a
separate vote upon any bill upon which it may
be desiied ?
The SPEAKER.. There is no doubt about the
propriety of passing each bill upon its own merits,
unless the unanimous consent of the House be i
given to the proposition made by the gentleman j
from Alabama.
Mr. MiLLSON. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will modify his motion, and allow the bills
to be reported to the House and placed in the po-
sition in which they would have been placed, had
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole re-
ported them to the House on Saturday, I should
have no objection. I will go further than that: 1
will agree that a single vote shall be taken on all
those bills upon which a separate vote has not
been demaiided. There are some of the bills
upon which 1 wish a separate vote.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the Committee of the Whole be dis-
charged from the further consideration of these
bills, and that they be brought before the House
for their action ?
[Cries of ''Agreed!" " Agreed!"]
Mr. HOUSTON". If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia objects, he will defeat my proposition; for it
requires the unanimous consent of the House.
My object is to get the speediest action possible
upon these bills. I will modify my motion, and
move only to discharge the committee from the
further consideration of these bills, and bring in
the bills as they are ordered to be reported by the
committee. *
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
such will be the order of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment, in order that I maysubmita motion to take
from the Speaker's table a bill to construct a ro?ui
in the Territories of Nebraska and Washington.
The bill makes an appropriation, and it therefore,
by the rules, must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. My object is
to take it from the table, so that we may get action
upon it.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the table, and read a first and second time by
us title, as follows:
Senate bill«(No. 435) " making appropriation
for the construction of certain military roads in
the Territories of Nebraska and Washington."
Mr. RICHARDSON. The bill contains an
appropriation, and will have to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I move that it be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chairunderstands that,
by unanimous consent, the bills upon the Private
Calendar, reported by the Committee oftheWhole,
are before the House for their action. The Chair
proposes to the House that the bills be read by
their titles, and be voted upon en masse, except
such bills as a separate vote may be demanded
upon by a member rising in his place and doing
so.
(Cries of "Agreed l" " Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. That will be a convenient
mode, and a safe one also.
The following Senate bills were therefore read
by their titles:
No. 303. An act for the relief of James M
Goggin.
No. 147. An act for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late Thomas Chapman, for-
merly collector of the port of Georgetown, South
Carolina.
No. 109. An act authorizing a patent to be
issued to Peter Poucin for certain lands therein
described.
No. 231. An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat,
jr., or his legal representatives.
No. 154. An act for the relief of Richard King.
No. 136. An act for the relief of William Sen-
na Factor.
The SPEAKER. The following amendments
have been reported to this bill:
In the third line strike out $3,707, and insert $2,000.
At the end of the bill add the following proviso :
Putvitleil, Saul s-um shall be received in full of all claims
or account of the property herein mentioned.
The amendments were agreed to.
No. G2. An act for the relief of Richard M.
| Bouton, George Wright, and the widow of Mar-
vin W. Fisher.
No. 183. An act for the relief of Passed Mid-
shipmen George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells,
No. 113. An act for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers and seamen of the
United States schooner Grampus, who were lost
in that vessel, in March, 1843^ near the coast of
the United States.
No. 275. An act for the relief of Ancirew J.
DeckerhofF.
No. 133. An act for the relief of Lavinia Tay-
lor.
No. 743. An act for the compensation of .Tames
W. Low and others,forthe capture of the British
! private armed schooner Ann, during the late war
I with Great Britain.
1 Mr. MILLSON. I ask a separate vote upon
j that bill.
! No. 229. An act for the relief of Thomas S.
' Russell.
] No. 308. An act for the relief of A. G. Ben-
; nett.
I No. 144. An act for the relief of Purser T. P.
j McBlair.
i No. 224. An act for the relief of the represent-
| atives of Joseph Watson? deceased.
