1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
the building put up at all. He has made condi-
tional contracts, the fulfillment of which await the
action of Congress. He has done what he ought
to have done, and what every officer ought to do,
under the same circumstances. He did not go
on, as has been done heretofore, expending the
money appropriated, in violation of an act of Con-
gress, and having expended the whole, come back
to Congress to make up the deficiency.
What will be theeffectif you choose not to pass
this amendment, and make this appropriation ?
The whole sum appropriated is $178,745. The
amount heretofore expended is $16,000 for a site,
and some $6,000 in excavations, and work pre-
paring the foundation—making together some
$22,000. This leaves the sum of $155,745 as
available funds, now in the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to be applied to that work. But
the Secretary says that §40,000 more is required
to complete the building, according to the original
plan. If this amount is not appropriated, the effect
will be that the Secretary will take the $J55,000
and build such a custom-house as that sum will
erect.
After a good deal of hesitation, I have come to
the determination, as one of the members of the
Committee on Ways and Means, to separate from
the majority of my colleagues on the committee,
and to support the estimates and recommendations
of the Secretary, in relation to all these custom-
houses. I say, I have come to that conclusion,
after a good deal of hesitation, because I would
not, as an original thing, favor the building of
large custom-houses in the interior of the coun-
try. And, in my opinion, this system will finally
put a stop to the collection of revenue by duties
on imports. The machinery will become too cum-
brous and expensive. Why, sir, in twenty-five
years, if w-e proceed at the present rate, extending
these custom-houses to all the little towns, the Gov-
ernment will have an amount of real estate so large
that the rents of it would almost meet its annual
expenditure. But the question presented now is
one of a different nature. You have already ap-
propiiated a large sum of money for the purpose
of building a house, which ought to be afire-proof
building. It is suggested that $40,000 more is
necessary to that purpose, and the question is,
whether you will take the $155,000 and build
therewith an indifferent structure, or will you add
$40,000, making in all §195,000, and build a fire-
proof building ? Under this state of the question,
1 shall vote for the appropriation.
I feel myself bound, upon the same ground, to
vote for the estimates in regard to the custom-
houses at Cincinnati and elsewhere.
Mr. CLINGMAN Is it in order to oppose
this amendment, in reply to-the remarks of the
gentleman from Kentucky?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say, then,
a single word, as I intend to vote against this and
all other like appropriations; and I want it under-
stood that my vote is not governed by any oppo-
sition to this particular measure.
I am opposed to all appropriations for custom-
houses in the interior of the country. They are
necessary upon the frontiers, of course. You are
obliged to have one, for instance, at Chicago, upon
the northern frontier, and one at New Orleans,
upon the southern border. You are obliged to
have them upon the Atlantic coast. It is not ne-
cessary that you should build them in the interior;
and I have heretofore regularly opposed all ap-
propriations for that purpose. Gentlemen from
the West say, as they do not get any part of the
appropriation made for the suppoit of the Army
and Navy, that, therefore, they must have some-
thing. The Army and Navy are created to pro-
tect the whole country, and the State of Kentucky
would be better protected in time of war than any
State upon the frontier. The enemy would have to
pass through the frontier States to get into Ken-
tucky. The object of the Army and Navy being
national defense, it is idle for my friend to say
that the people of his State do not derive the same
benefit. It might as well be argued that the center
of a corn-field would be less protected by a fence
than the outer rows of corn, because it was fur-
ther from the fence around it. I agree with the
gentleman that, so far as local advantage is con-
cerned, the inferior of the country is rather be-
hind the frontier. When the subject of internal
improvements was under consideration, where I
thought the expenditure was a legitimate one for
the improvement of western rivers, I moved to
raise the appiopiiation for the Mississippi river
from some $200,000, up to $858,000. I am willing,
whenever such a bill comes up, to give the West
a liberal appropriation for those works. But are
we to go on with this system of building custom-
houses because my friend from Kentucky wants
to have a magnificent building to beautify his city,
or because a portion of his constituents want to
get contracts, or want to be employed as work-
men, and so forth ? Are we to go on and make a
large expenditure for a work that is wholly un-
necessary ?
It is true the appropriation for building this cus-
tom-house has already been made; but if the build-
ing were up, I would vote to sell it, or any other
custom-house in the interior. I had rather devote
the money to some other useful purpose, than ex-
pend the public funds m this way. I know that
gentlemen from the West are sensitive, when we
vote against these propositions. Let them show
me any public purpose—any necessary expendi-
ture—and I will cheejfully vote to give them an
appropriation; but as the money we have in the
Treasury has been raised by taxes from the people,
we ought not to spend it, except for necessary pur-
poses, and only to carry out the proper objects of
the Government.
I live myself in the Mississippi valley. My
district is an interior one, and has never received
a dollar from any of these public expenditures.
Still we are getting, indirectly, the benefit of na-
tional appropriations. If we limit our expendi-
tures to necessary objects, in a short time we shall
be able to reduce the public taxes; while, if we go
on in the present mode, we are not likely to have
| the means of making the necessary additions to
i the public defenses, as recommended, and admit-
ted to be necessary.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRESTON. I move to increase the
amount $5.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not
strictly in order.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope I may be allowed to
go on.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
ceed with his remarks by the unanimous consent
of the committee.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire to say this, that I
am not here to demand this appropriation as a
favor to myself or the people I represent; but I hold
that the Government will save nearly as much as
the interest upon the expenditure in the way of
rents. Although no foreign vessels enter the port
at Louisville, yet she pays twice as much revenue
as Norfolk, that has eighty-nine vessels enteringat
that port. Norfolk paid $38,000 last year, while
Louisville paid §48,307. The city of Cincinnati
paid $251,000 of direct revenue, while the city of
Richmond only paid §73,000; and the city of St.
Louis pays $294,000. Now, sir, in view of all
these facts, every western man should recollect
that by a direct tiade with Louisville ten percent,
upon their goods will be saved.
1 have no other word to say upon this subject.
If the House choose to decide that we shall all be
cut down together, [ shall not complain; but if
they choose to sustain the estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which the Committee on
Ways and Means have out down—which I think
it is very proper they'should do—they will adopt
the amendment which I have originally offered.
I leave the whole matter in their hands.
Mr. CLINGMAN. A single word. I want
to ask my friend fiom Kentucky, who has just
taken his seat, if these very snoods of which he
speaks as comine; to Louisville, do not have to
pass the New Orleans, or some other custom-
house, before they reach Louisville?
But, sir, considerable stress is laid upon the fact
that more revenue is collected at Louisville than at
Norfolk. This may all be, but we are compelled
to have a custom-house at Norfolk because it is
upon the frontier. It is a poit of entry, and goods
may come directly there without passing any other
custom-house, which is not the fact with reference
to Louisville. Vessels cannot come directly there
without passing the custom-house at New Orleans,
where the goods are entered; and the comparison,
therefore, which is made between Louisville and
Norfolk, is unreasonable.
But it is said that there are sixty thousand in-
habitants in Louisville. Well, sir, if you are to
build a custom-house at every town having sixty
thousand inhabitants, why not build one at every
town of forty thousand ? Why not build one at
every town of twenty thousand, or ten thousand
inhabitants? Why not build one at every town
or village in the country accessible by river, rail-
road, canal, wagon road or pack mule? I object
to this system of spreading your custom-houses
ail over the country. If the course we are now
pursuing be followed out, the custom-houses will
extend themselves until the Government will be
obliged to abandon the whole system; for, as I
said before, it will become so expensive that we
cannot go on with it.
I hope, therefore, the House will vote down this
appropriation for the custom-house at Louisville,
and in all other similar instances. If the money
must be expended, spend it in improving your
rivers, or in increasing and building up your Army
and Navx; or better still, cut down your expendi-
tures and reduce your taxes.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend by reduc-
ing the amendment five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I think it is really a very hard
case that gentlemen who have determined to take
no part in these discussions, and who are very
unwilling to do it, should be forced into such a
course, as I now feel myself forced to do by infer-
ences—mistaken, unintentionally mistaken, infer-
ences—which have been drawn in reference to the
district where I reside.
I rise, sir, simply to correct the error of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge]
this morning, and for no other purpose. The
gentleman.says the revenue collected at Louisville
is twice that collected at Norfolk. According to
the statement which has been placed before us,
I find that the revenue collected at Norfolk is
upwards of $31,000, while that at Louisville is
$48,000. Now, with this data, my reckoning
certainly does not agree with that of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, when he arrives at the con-
clusion that one is twice as much as the other.
But it must be recollected that Norfolk is in the
immediate neighborhood of other large importing
cities, and has a very extensive coasting trade, so
that the amount of revenue actually collected at
that port is but little compared with the amount
of commerce carried on there. The coasting trade
with New York, and other Atlantic cities, is very
large, supplying a large surrounding country with
merchandise. But I said I rose simply for the
purpose of correcting an error, and I will not pro-
ceed further.
Mr. HfBBARD. I wish to say, in reply to
the query suggested by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] that not only does
every vessel that trades to Cincinnati pass by-
New Orleans, but they are all entered there, and
almost all the work to be done with them is done
by the officers there.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] a question,and it is
this: whether the exports from Norfolk do not
render necessary a custom-house of a larger order
than would he required if the exports were smaller*
or if there were none at all? and whether the corps
of officers employed at Norfolk, which is a port of
entry, is not necessary for the prevention of the
smuggling of goods from foreign countries?
Mr. MILLSON. It is undoubtedly so, as I
explained yesterday. We have a very large coast-
ing trade, and Norfolk is the exporting port for
the whole maritime part of North Carolina. I re-
ceived, last night, a newspaper, containing an ac-
count of the arrivals at the port of Norfolk, and
I had the curiosity to count the number of vessels
arriving there—all coasting vessels—last Monday,
and on'that one day thirty-two vessels arrived at
Norfolk, and were entered at the custom-house.
Mr. DISNEY. It was not my purpose to take
any further part in this debate; but, in consequence
of some remarks which have fallen from gentle-
men during this discussion, I feel compelled aspm
to make some remarks in connection with the sub-
ject. Although the question now before us is
merely as to the propriety of making these build-
ing fire-proof, gentlemen will persist in going be-
hind that question, and inquiring: into the propriety
and necessity of erecting the buildings at all. Now,
