320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2.
upon that point I am perfect] y willing to meet them.
The point has been discussed before Congress,
and upon a full hearing; Congress after Congress
has decided in the affirmative, not only as to the
propriety, but as to the necessity for the establish-
ment of buildings of this sort.
Now, one word as to thatquestion. The com-
merce oY the West is taxed precisely to the extent
of the profits of the eastern merchants—if you deny
the people of the West the establishment of these
custom-houses—because, having no facilities of
communication with Europe, they are compelled
to transact their business with the merchants of
the seaport towns. The people of the West,
having a right to expect at the hands of the Gen-
eral Government the same facilities for their com-
mercial transactions that are accorded to the people
of the East, have asked for and obtained the es-
tablishment of custom-houses, and the effect has
been vastly to increase their intercourse with the
people of Europe.
It will be seen, by the returns of th^pustom-
house at Cincinnati for the last year, that the sum
of 0950,0U0 was actually collected at that port,
upon goods imported from Europe—a tuule which
has sprung up in consequence of the establish-
ment of a custom-house. But for this, they would
have been compelled to buy their goods from the
merchants of New Orleans, or New York; and,
in consequence, the goods brought to Cincinnati
would have been taxed to the consumers there
precisely to the amount of the profits of the mer-
chants in New Orleans and New York. The
establishmentof custom-houses there, and at Louis-
ville, enables the consumers of goods to make their
purchases in those cities, at a cost less than they
would otherwise have had to pay, by precisely
the amount of the profits of the merchants at New
Orleans or New York.
Again: if the merchant in the city of Louisville
is compelled to make importations, admitting that
he keeps up his relations with Europe, without
the facilities of the custom-house in his own city,
he would be forced to give bonds in the city of
New Orleans, taking that to be the port. IIow
is he to give those bonds? The merchant in Lou-
isville, with ordinary commercial relations, is com-
pelled to go to the city of New Orleans, and enter
info negotiations to get parties to become his sure-
ties on his importing bond. This necessarily re-
quires compensation on his part, besides the want
of proper facilities, and all the embarrassments
surrounding a transaction of this sort. Do gen-
tlemen understand this ? As I have said before,
if you will look into the returns made at the cities
oflpittsburg, Cincinnati, St. Louis, and Louisville,
you will find that an immense trade hua grown up
under the facilities which have been furnished by
the establishment of custom-houses in them.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was disagreed
to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to three dollars.
Mr. Chairrflan, several of the gentlemen who
seem to be in favor of this appropriation have
laid a great deal of stress on the fact that the Lou-
isville custom-house is to contain a post office for
the accommodation of the public; and that, inas-
much as it is to contain this post office, as well as
to serve the purposes of a custom-house, a larger
proportion of the public money is therefore neces-
sary for its erection.
Now, so far as the Norfolk custom-house is
concerned, it contains a post office also. In addi-
tion to that, thiscustom-house, with the post-office,
is to be a fire-proof building, and that fire-proof
building; is to be constructed for the sum of
$110,000; but, sir, when K comes to Louisville,
and it is admitted on all hands that there is an
available appropriation now of $155,000 for the
erection of that house, gentlemen tell you that
a fire-proof building cannot be erected for that
sum. How is it that a fire-proof building can be
erected for $110,000 at Norfolk, and that a fire-
Ecoof building cannot be erected for $155,000 at
ouisviile? I cannot understand how it is.
Again: if there is but $22,000 expended, ($6,0ft0
in excavation and $16,000 in purchasing the site,)
why is it necessary now to make any appropria-
tion atiall for this Louisville custom-house5 Have
they not-msans enough on hand to prosecute it5
Have they, not means enough to build such a
house as mere is in Norfolk; and why cannot the
Department, with these means on hand, go on and
make these improvements?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] seems
to think that a large amount of revenue is col-
lected at Cincinnati, Louisville, and St. Louis; and
that, therefore, they are entitled to these appro-
priations. Well, does the fact of this revenue
being collected there justify extravagant expendi-
tures ?
Mr. DISNEY. They are not extravagant, but
proper expenditures.
Mr. LETCHER. In old times custom-houses
were built for $40,000 or $50,000, and they
answered good purposes. A number of them,
according to the list I have before me, were built
for a vast deal less. Why is it that in this age of
economy, and in this age of Democratic retrench-
ment, you must have $300,000 to build a custom-
house? I cannot understand this, nor can I under-
stand how it is that the gentlemen on the Whig
side of the committee are so much enamored of
the recommendations coming from the Treasury
Department. 1 cannot understand it, so far as
one is concerned, [Mr. Campbell,] who is a
shrewd tactician; and I venture to say that, in less
than four years, we shall hear something from him
in regard to these Democratic recommendations,
indorsed by a Democratic House. It will come
up in the next presidential contest, as one of the
evidences of preaching on one side, and practicing
on the other.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a few
words to say on this subject, in leply to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] as to that
part of his remarks which related to the post of-
fice at Norfolk and the post office at Louisville.
He thinks that the post office at Louisville ought
not to be larger than the one at Norfolk, and that
thp cost of the building should not be greater.
Now, sir, the post office at Louisville—as I said yes-
terday—is one of the largest, if not the very largest,
(iistnbuting post office in the western country.
If the gentleman takes the trouble to look at the
Blue Book, he will see that there are no less than
thirty-two clerks employed regularly in the office,
besides a large number of other employees. Con-
sequently the room necessary to accommodate
these gentlemen must be much larger than that
which is required at Norfolk, for the reason that
there are but four clerks employed m the post of-
fice at Norfolk, and that it is not a distributing
post office.
This seems to be a sufficient explanation why
it is necessary to have a larger post office at Louis-
ville than that at Norfolk: One is a large distribut-
ing poyt office, with fifty or sixty clerks and em-
ployees; and the other is not a distributing post
office, and has but four clerks.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
The question was put, and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Preston.] The Clerk will rquut it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
" For eomplotmt,' tlie custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $-io,ouo "
The question was then put. Pending; its de-
cision, tellers were called for and ordered; and
Messrs. Preston, and Harms of Alabama, were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes (>5. -
SotheamendmentofMr.PRKvroNwas adopted.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to amend the bill by !
inserting, after 113th line, the following: : j
For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile, ac- !
coiding to iltp plan and estimate of the Secretary of (he
Treasury, $(>5,000.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot recognize the propri-
ety of the animadversion upon the Secretary of
the Treasury, or the imputation upon the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. There is nothing
to justify the assertion that the one has exceeded
his powers, or that the other has unfaithfully dis-
charged its duties. |
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] !
himself a member of the committee, places his j
opposition to the estimates upon the ground that j
there has been a dictation to Congress upon this 1
subject. He says that Congress should lead, and j
not be led. Tl^s sentiment, sir, is just in itself; |
but if the gentleman means by the assertion, that I
the Secretary is debarred from sending in his esti-
mates, together with his recommendations, as to
the best manner of completing the custom-houses
for which Congress has already appropriated, I
deny, in the broadest terms, the correctness of his
position. Now, in the case of the Mobile custom-
house, the Secretary, in his letter to the commit-
tee, says:
" The plans and specifications for the custom-house were
prepared with great care and attention, so as, if possible, to
keep the expenditure within the amountthen appropriated,
while it should be fire proof without an4 have a suitable «tone
exterior. Bids were solicited for its erection by an adver-
tisement of 30th October, 1852, for Mxly da\s, the lowest of
which for a stone exterior exceeded the amount appropri-
ated ; and to effect its erection for that sum the exterior of
the building would have to be cut down to a buck and
mastic covering, and *«ome part* not made fire-proof, as in
the St. Louis cu*-tom-hous< . The Department considered
that true economy required that a further appropriation of
$65,000 to carry out the original design should be made;
and consequently made the estimate therefor, feeling as-
sured that when the fact-? were bi ought to the attention of
Congress, its necessity would be seen and the appropriation
made. The contracts were awarded to the lowest bidders,
and are subject to be cut down to the j/rcsent appropriation^
if no additional one is made."
Now, the gentleman from New York must see
that as it was made the duty of the Department
to prepare a suitable plan, the Secretary has done
nothing more than he was fully authorized to do;
and that as his contract is conditional, and is
made in express terms, subservient to the action
of Congress, it is wholly improper to say that
any attempt has been made either to lead or to
dictate to Congress.
In reference to the committee, I do not doubt
they have been entirely influenced by what they
consider the principles of a proper economy.
It is, however, to be remarked, that we see no
evidence of any disciimination in their action; the
recommendations of the Secretary have been ob-
literated by " one fell swoop." I cannot but be-
lieve that the distinguished gentleman at the head
of the committee, representing the State of Ala-
bama, was induced to report against the Mobile
appropriation, rather from a feeling of delicacy
than from the conclusions of his judgment; for
certain it is, that no one of the reasons which he
urged against the other appropriations, are appli-
cable to this.
Here the Speaker's hammer fell, the five min-
utes having expired. Subsequently, the amend-
ment was renewed for $64,900, when
Mr. PHILLIPS said: Mr. Chairman, the close
vote by which my original amendment was lost
induces me again to present the subject to the
House. I am satisfied that my amendment was
lost, not because it was opposed, but because it
had no activeopposition. The question fell upon
one of those unfortunate calms which are often
more fatal to measures than the severest legisla-
tive storms.
No one of the speakers in opposition to the va-
rious fppropiiations have advanced one argument
or objection whi^h reaches the case now before us.
The case is not presented for any advantage to
the city of Mobile, but for the accommodation of
Federal officers and agents, in the discharge of
those duties which the Federal Constitution and
the laws impose upon them.
Now, sir, when it is seen that Mobile is one of
your first sea-ports, where large revenues are col-
lected; where, according to the statement of the
Secretary, one hundred and thirty-seven foreign
vessels annually arrive and depart; the third city
in the Union, as measured by its exports, it will
be seen that there must, necessarily, be provided
conveniences for the accommodation of the numer-
ous body of officials connected with the proper
collection and control of the customs. Besides
this, Mr. Chairmnn, provision has to be made for
the post office, and suitable arrangements for the
circuit and district courts of the United States.
I think the statement I have made is sufficient to
disarm opposition. It is the duty of the Govern-
ment to furnish a proper building, durable in its
character, and freed as much as possible from the
chances of fire. The whole sum requited for this
purpose, including the appropriation now asked
for, is $965,000. Surelv, no one will regard this
as an extravagant expenditure, when the means
are compared with the end. I make, therefore,
no appeals to this House in behalf of the city of
Mobile. I do not call attention to the fact that
appropriations of much greater amount have been
made to other places for similar purposes. I ask
