1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
commence from the time that the proof of her title
to it was made perfect, and let it run on from that
time for a period of ten years. That is all that
the amendment proposes, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that the com-
mittee, in reporting the bill, did not understand
the facts of the case thoroughly. The committee
is satisfied with the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I would say, in
addition to *the remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Bennett,] that Mrs. Nash is a very worthy
woman. She lives only a few miles from my
home. The pension is a small one, and I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ENGLISH. There is on the Private Cal-
endar a joint resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for the relief of Francis
M. Gwyn. I desire to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration of the join
resolution for the purpose of having it passed. I
am certain that no gentleman in the House will !
object to it when they have heard the statement 1
of facts on which that joint resolution was
founded.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was going to suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. English] and to
the House, that instead of taking this joint reso-
lution and acting upon it, we take up the Private
Calendar and dispose of the bills that are on it. 1
am perfectly willing to have the jomt resolution,
to which the gentleman refers, acted on; but I
think it better for us to take up the Private Calen-
dar so as to do justice to every bill upon it. If the
House consent, 1 will make a motion to that effect.
I would say to my friend from Indiana, that lam
as much inclined to indulge him as any other mem-
ber of the House can be. But the question is,
whether it is not better to art on my suggestion,
take up the Private Calendar, and dispose of all
the bills upon it. I throw out this suggestion for
the consideration of the gentleman from Indiana,
and of the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope the House will in- !
dulge me for two minutes only, in order that I
may state the facts on which the joint resolution
in question is founded. When the State of In-
diana 
Mr. PENNINGTON, (interrupting.) I feel
constrained to object to the proposition of thegen-
tleman from Indiana. I have as much interest in
some private claims on the Calendar, as lhat gen-
tleman has.
RAILROAD LANDS TO ALABAMA.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on sus-
pending the rules for the purpose of enabling the
gentleman from Alabama to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the followin"'
bill;
House bill (No. 34) granting the light of way
and a donation of land to the State of Alabama,
in aid of the construction of the Coosa and Ten-
nessee river railroad, m said State, leading from
Gadsden to the Tennessee river, at or near Gun®
ter's Landing.
Mr.COBB. Would it be in order, in ihe pecu-
liar position 1 occupy, to ask the indulgence of the
House, to make a personal explanation, not, to
consume five minutes, and with the understanding
that ihe Chair may interrupt mo at the expiration
of that time, if I do not, finish speaking before' ;
I trust the House will indulge me.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman cannot proceed. The question is
upon suspending the rules.
Mr. LETCHER, rjpon thai 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BRIDGES. I call tor the reading of the
bill which the gentleman from Alabama proposes
to suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing. ;
I believe that is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair briefly stated to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] the
other day, that ne gentleman would have the !
right to have this bill read upon the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
that particular bill. Such has been the practice.
The Chair doubts exceedingly whether a mem-
ber cannot demand the reading of a bill under
such inconsistencies and if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania demands it, the Chair will thus far
change his former decision, and decide that he has
the right to have the bill read.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. With reluctance I appeal
from the decision of the Chair. It will readily be
perceived, if such is the ruling of the Chair, that
any member, or any number of membeis of the
House, who choose to embarrass and delay its
proceedings 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to all debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. The point I make is this: that
where a proposition is before the House, out of
order, no one individual can apply to the House
to have it read. A majority may order a prop-
osition mid, which is before the House in order;
but where it is out of order 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair,
however, holds that it is in older, for the reason,
that otherwise members would be voting in the
dark upon the matter before them. Gentlemen
have a right to know what it is they are called
upon to suspend the rules for. Such is the decis-
ion of the Chair, and from that the gentleman from
North Carolina appeals. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The motion was agreed to. and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
Mr. BRIDGES. I now insist upon the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was accordingly read
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. WASH 13CJUNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege, a question affecting the
records of this House. I charge that an altera-
tion of an important bill of this House has been
made since its engrossment. I wish to call the
attention of the House to it, that they may take
such action as they think proper m the premises.
The bill of this House, No. 346, <( to aid the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota in the construction of a rail-
road," which passed this House on the 20th of
June last, I charge has been altered in an impor-
tant particular since its engrossment; and, Mr.
Speaker, with the permission of the House, I will
state briefly some of the circumstances as they
appear on the records before me—the original bill,
the printed bill, and the engrossed bill.
The hill as introduced herefrom the Committee
on the Public Lands, was drawn up by a gentle-
man from -Minnesota, with whom I am well ac-
' quanited. He consulted with me very frequently in
regard to some of its provisions, and particularly in
repaid to the provisions which I charge have been
attempted to be altered. The Temiory uf Minne-
sota had chartered a company with most extraor-
dinary powers. The grant from that Territory
gave'it all the lands which had been or should
thereafter be granted by Congress to ani that Ter-
ritory in the construction of a railroad. The char-
ter of itself was a somewhat extraordinary one. It
carried with it all the lands which Congtvss might
hereafter grant to the Territory of Minnesota for
the purpose of constructing a iviiroad, and it was
supposed by myself and others favorable to this
road, and who desired to see a grant of land for
that purpose, that Congiess would never pass a
bill whose provisions would mure to u railroad
company directly instead of to the Territory. I,
as well as gentlemen who had this matter m charge,
'hoimht it could never pass this House without a
provision guarding against such a charter. tJence, ;
a provision was inserted into the bill, as follows:
3. xlnd he it jurlker cucdc*, That the ^aid lands
lim by granted to the t-aid Terntory Mnili he fUhjeot to the
disposd of an} fvtvrc L^'Matine ihereoi fur the purpose
aft-rc^aid, and no ether: nor <.hoJ! iriim-* in the benefit
of any company heretofore constituted or organ wd.
In that way the original bill was framed, and ,
for the purpose and with the intention of prevent-'
ing this company from receiving the benefit of
this land. j
Weli, sir, the first alteration—and it wa s made, I 1
believe, by the committee—was to strike out the |
word "future." The next alteration, and, on the 1
first glance, it may be thought immaterial—though !
it is far from being so, is the substitution of the
conjunction " and" for " or." It is believed bv
many to be a vital alteration, and one that I charge
has been made since the engrossment of the bill.
This company, at the passage of the bill, not being
so constituted and organized, they expect by this
alteration to hold the land under it. Hence the
object, as I charge, of the alteration. As altered,
the section reads as follows:
•And be it Jurther enacted^ That the Miifl lands hereby
ji granted to baiti Terntory shall be subject to the disposal
, j of any Legislature for the puipose afore;-atd, and no other.
> Between the word " any " and " Legislature "
i the word " future " was stricken out by the com-
i mittee, as I understand.
, " Nor shall they mure to the benefit of any company
| heretofore constituted and oiganized."
! The word " or" is stricken out and the word
; "and" written over where it was in a different
hand-writing. The bill asmtroduced,and printed,
and passed here reads: 44 Nor shall they inure to
i the benefit of any company heretofore constituted
I or organized." I have the engrossed bill before
1 me, and any gentleman by looking at it can see
i that ui e substitution of "and "former " has been
j made since the bill has been engrossed I am
!; told by a gentleman, and member of this House,
I who has examined the bill on parchment in the
office of the Secretary of State, that the same
■ erasure and change is made there.
:i Now, this is a matter vitally affecting the char-
■' acter of our proceedings. If our records are to be
. changed, altered, and mutilated in this way, if the
; object of our legislation is to be perverted as here
! in this case, there is no safety for any man, any
! bill, or any legislation.
I am asked if it makes any difference. It is
' contended by the parties who hold this charter,
1 that it does, and that it gives them the benefit of
; this grant, but my own opinion is that it does
' not. That lhat was die object in view I have no
! manner of doubt. * It is an alteration and mutila-
■ tion of a record of this House, and [ call upon the
j House to pass the following resolution.
j Mr. HENN. Inasmuch 1 am up  n the En-
■ rolling Committee, it is necessary for me to place
1 this matter right by making the following state-
f merit. I have a distinct recollection that when
j the bill was compared by the committee, the
, word "future" was not m it. i was surprised
\ that it was not, because I knew it wan in the
| original bill. I then went and got the original
bill, and found that the word was stricken out
I there, I do not know whether the word " or" or
, "and" was in the bill when we compared it.
i But I recollect distinctly about the word " future"
j not being in the bill, and on comparing u with the
\\ original, I foundu stricken out.
Mr. WASHBX3RNE. There is no question
in regard to the word " future." It is only in re-
! lation to the other word " and," and the mutila-
; tion of the record.
Mr. HENN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he understands the
i alteration was made since the bill was compared?
^ Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand from the
proper authority, that the alteration was made
after the bill had been sent from this House to
the Senate. It is a Houso bill, and, of course,
it must have been engrossed.
Mr. HENN. The cffect of this mutilation I
1 do not exactly understand. I was somewhat sur-
prised that the word " future" should he stricken
. out in the original bill, bccnuse I understood from
the friends of the bill at the time ir wao originated
■ that they desired that word to bo rr^imd. I sup-
poxed it passed in that way until I came to read
! the engrossed bill, and found the word " future"
! stricken out.
| The resolution offered by Mr. V/ashbtrne was
i then read, as follows:
Resolved. That a spe' ia! comrmUee ot be, ap-
: pointed for the purpose of mquirimr whether the text of
House luli 4 io aid Hie construction of a railroad in the
Territory of Minnesota' wa^ alteied, or irt any way changed
, m it?? hin^uaeie bub-sequeut to its engio-i-ment, or passage
| in this H'ltbf, Williiuu the liulhoniy of fin; House, and if
, fco, hy whom and  nde ' what cuouuv-tanct 3 Mich change
! was made; and that said ^ormmftee bo empowered to send
; tor pei^ons and papers, and to examine witnee-es on oath
I  n the premiss.
j Mr. McMULLIN. I would inquiie whether
| the gentleman from Illinois could not effect his ob-
; ject by referring this matter to the select commit-
I tee of which my colleague [Mr. Letcher] is
