THE CONGRESS
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J). CV
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1854.
Kbw'Series,
chairman ? We are all aware that it is a difficult
thing to keep a quorum here, as we found on Sat-
urday last; and it strikes me, if I recollect aright,
that by the wording of the resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letciier,]
the select committee for the investigation of the
'charges in the Colt case is clothed with full and
complete powers to cover all legislation of this
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My first intention was
to have this matter referred to the select committee
of which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] is chairman; but, on consultation and
after reflection, I was convinced that, with such
on amount of labor before them, that committee
could not well pay attention to this subject.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know what the
opinion of the committee is respecting the con-
struction to be put upon the resolution on which
they were appointed, as to the extent of power
delegated to them. But it is certainly my own
opinion that this matter does not come within the
range of inquiry committed to us. Not at all.
And then besides, 1 should like to see work prop-
erly divided and a committee appointed for the
purpose specified by the gentleman from Illinois,
with probably my colleague [Mr. McMullin]
placed at the head of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. My colleague knows that
his colleague could not be put at the head of the
committee without a departure from parliament-
ary rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire simply to suggest
to the gentleman who has proposed to introduce
this resolution, [Mr. Washbctrne,] that he so
modify it as to embrace all interpolations which
may have been made m any other papers on file,
or in any other of the records of this House.
My reason for this is the fact, which the Chair
will well remember, that only four days ago an
important interpolation had been made to a reso-
lution that had been reported,fixing the compen-
sation of some of the officers of this House. We
get into a difficulty about it. The honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. CurtisJ had in-
troduced a resolution, some week or two before,
which was laid over. When the House came to
act on that resolution, and when we were in the
midst of the call of the roll on the yeas and nays
on the passage of this resolution, it was discovered
that an important interpolation had been made in
it between the time of its introduction and the
time of the vote being taken on it. The matter,
however, was passed over.
Now, I know nothing about the merits of that
alteration. I do not undertake to say that any
fraud was intended. But certainly, sir, it is due
to the integrity of this House, that this thing should
be put a stop to. And I know no better way of
doing so than to have this select committee—if it
be instituted—instructed not to confine itself merely
to the case now brought to our attention, but to
investigate all the facts connected with these in-
terpolations. Remarks were made on the occasion
to which I have referred, which might have had a
prejudicial effect on the reputation of the clerks.
I have no doubt that they were entirelylnnocent—
there was an interpolation in"that joint resolution
as it appeared to be evident there was. I know
nothing of it. But I think it is due to them, as it
is due to the members of this House, who do not
tamper with the papers on file, that the facts
should be known.
For one, I am unwilling that these things should
go abroad to the country, casting an aspersion, to
some extent, upon all the members of this House.
Let us have the examination, and let the facts be
made known. Let us understand who it is who
make these interlineations, and what the purposes
to be accomplished by them. I hope the gentle-
man will accept a modification of his resolution.
I propose to offer the following amendment:
Add at the end of the resolution the following words :
And also in regard to all other cases of interpolations of
bills of the Hou^e.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not rise to debate this
resolution at all, but to give notice that to-morrow
119
I shall introduce a bill to repeal this bill—the
Minnesota land bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I trust that the gentleman
from Illinois will not object to the amendment
which has been introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, if it is right and proper to investigate the
interpolation of the records in one case, it is so
in another. And, sir, it has been well said by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] that it is
due to the character of the clerks of this body
that this whole matter should be investigated, if'
I am right, or if the gentleman is wght in saying
that the select committee to which he referred has
not the power conferred upon them to examine
this case, I shall most cheerfully go for the adoption
of the resolution, as submitted by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne;] for I am not
disposed still further to encumber that select com-
mittee in the discharge of the duties they have to
perform. If you investigate one case, investi-
gate all, and therefore I hope the House will
adopt the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio. Let the committee, to be appointed,
investigate the first case, and report that to the
House, and while the House is actingupon that,
let them investigate he other, and make their re-
port. These interpolations are unusual, and I
regret that these things have occurred; but having
occurred, they should be fully and completely
investigated.
Mr. ORR. I believe the resolution should be
adopted, and I demand the previous question.
Mr. MACE. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to withdraw his call for the previous
question, and allow me to submit to the House
another resolution m reference to this matter.
Mr. ORR. I will hear it read.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, also, That the select committee be instructed
to inquire what quantify of land has been purchased, and
by whom, at the proposed teiminus of said Minnesota
railroad since the bill passed.
Mr. ORR. As that resolution involves a col-
lateral question only, which is not connected with
this matter directly, and although I do not wish
to be discourteous to the gentleman from Indiana,
I must decline to withdraw my demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The first question being upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Campbell, it was put; and the
amendment was agreed to.
The blank in the resolution was then filled with
the word " five."
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion as amended; and it was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MACE. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee he appointed to in-
quire what quantity of land lias been purchased, and by
whom, at the proposed termination of the Minnesota rail-
road, since the bill passed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I move to lay
the resolution upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. MACE. I move to suspend the rules.
ALABAMA RAILROAD BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
A motion is ah eady pending to suspend the rules,
submitted by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] to enable him to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of a bill
granting the right of way and a donation of land i
to the State of Alabama, in aid of the construction j
of the Coosa and Tennessee River railroad, in said i
State, leading from Gadsden to the Tennessee
river, at or near Gunter's Landing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the niles; be
suspended, and this bill taken up, will rt be in
order to move other railroad bills as amendments
to this one?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. COBB. I do not know of any proposition
to hitch on other railroad bills, other than these
for Alabama, to this one, and I am sure that none
will be entertained.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
on Mr. Cobb's motion.
The question was then taken; and therewere—
yeas 96, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, James C. Allen, Willis
Allen, Ashe, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bhss,
Breclunruise, Bugg, Campbell, Cauitbers, Chamberlain,
Farley, Florence, Gieeu, Grupn\voo<|, Sampson W*Harris,
Uan Tmhi, Demi, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson,
Koland .fnnec. Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Slacy^Mau-
rioe, Maxwell, Maynil. John G Miller, Nichols, Norton,
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peckhain, Pen-
mnsit'in, Phelps, Phillips, Pieston, Head). Reese, Richard-
son, Riddle, Howe,KnsselKSsibin, Sapp,Seward, Shannon,
ShowiM, Sinaleton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. SmMli, Solleis, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, llestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub3 John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor. Thurston,Tweed, Upham,
V.'ul, ISlhbu B. Wa^hbium , Wells, Tappan Weutworth,
Hendnck B. Wnjilit, and Zollicoffer—96.
NAYH—Messrs. Bennett, Benson, Bocoek, Boyce,
Bridges, Carpenter,Caskie, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox,Craige,
Crocker, Dawson, Dickinson, Dunham, Ellison, English,
Faulkner, FlAgter, Franklin, Fuller, Giddlnga, Goode,
Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hendiicke, Hibbard,
Hill, in^or^oN, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kit-
tiedge, Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McMullin,-Mc-
Naii, Matteson, Ml Upon, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, NobJe,
Packer, Parker, Ri<hop Peikins, Prmgle, Puryear, David
Ritchie, Riiffin, Shaw, Simmons, Skelton, William Smith,
Andrew Smart, John J. Taylor, Trout, Wade, Walley,
Israel Washburn, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wright—65.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported the^ following Senate bills as cor-
rectly enrolled, which, thereupon, received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act to confirm the claim of Dusuan de la
Croix to a lot of land therein described;
An act for the relief of Charles Cooper and
company;
An act authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where; :
An act for the relief of James Dunning;
An act for the relief of Joseph Mitchell;
An act for the relief of John Phagan;
An act for the relief of Ezra Williams;
An act for the relief of the legal representative
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico to adjust and pay to
Juan C. Armigo, Jose L. Pereas, and James S.
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, under the authority of a joint resolution of
that body, approved June 17, 1851.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended,-and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 86, noes 52.
So the molion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Walley in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is the consideration of House bill
(No. 96) entitled " A bill making appropriations
for the transportation of the United States mail by-
ocean steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1855."
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the consideration
