f&54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
Mr. HAVEN. I certainly had it on my mind
that i intended to move to strikeout the latter por-
tion of the second clause, allowing the sinking of
wells.
Mr. PHILLIPS. When I had occasion to
tresspass on the House on this subject, when the
bill came before the House, I read a letter from
Mr. Sumner, who is intrusted with this bureau,
showing the propriety of this appropriation.
Mr. HAVEN. I recollect the fact, but that
does not meet the point at which I was aiming.
I thought it unauthorized to dig wells along the
line of these roads.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The fact was then stated to
the House, that the roads in this country pass
over deserts, and wells are as necessary there as
the roads themselves, because such roads could
not be used unless there be artificial means of sup-
plying water.
Mr. HAVEN. I think we might as well au-
thorize public houses to be built.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ball, Banks,
Benson, Breckinridgc, Campbell, Carpenter, Chrisman,
Clark. Ciingtnan, Cook. Corwin, Curtis, Cutting, Dickin-
son, Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot,
Ellison, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Green, Green-
wood, Aaron Harlan, SampfOn W. Harris, Harrison,
Henn, Hiester, Howe, flushes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Mc-
Dougall, Mace,Middlcswarth, John G. Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, On, Parker, Peekliain, Pen-
nington, John Perkins, Phillips, Reesi*, Richardson, Rid-
dle. David Ritchie, Sabin, Sapp, Seymour, Gerrit Smith,
William Smith, Alexander H. Stephens, Hector L.Stevens,
Stratton., .John L. Ta\loi, Thurston, Upham, Wade,
Walbridge, Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, John
Wentworth, and Ileridrick B. Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Belcher, Boyce,
Brooks, Caskie, Church well, Onbb, Colquitt, Cox, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Dowdell, Dunham, Eastman,, Edgerton,Ed-
rnundson, Giddmgs.Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hihbard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jonfes, J, Glancy Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz,
Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McNair, Matteson, Maurice,
Mill.son, Murray, Btsdiop Ferkiiih, Powell, Piatt, Ready,
Rabbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Seward, Shaw, Skelton, Snod-
grass, Richard II. Stanton, Andrew Smart, John J. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Vail, Van&ant, Wheeler,
Daniel B. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—59.
So the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was then read a third time:
An act for the construction of certain roads in
the Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to amend the title by
inserting the word "military" before the word
"roads."
Mr. HAVEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words "and wells" after
the word " roads," so that it shall read "An act
for the construction of certain military roads and
wells in the Territory of New Mexico."
The question was then put upon the adoption
of the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a pointof
order. Is it in order to call for the yeas and nays
after the decision of the Chair has been announced
upon the vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chair had not an-
nounced the decision, and the yeas and nays were
demanded in time.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Phillips] will withdraw his call
for the yeas and nays, and let us ascertain the
result by a simple division.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the demand,
and ask for a division.
The question was again put; and, on a division,
sixty-three rose in theaffirmative.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Churchwell, were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 49.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the title, as
amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PECKHAM. I would inquire of the Chair
.whether a resolution calling for information in
regard to Territories is now in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would not be in order. It would not be in order
under the special order of the House.
ROGUE RIVER INDIAN WAR.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and adjust the expenses of the Rogue River
Indian war.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. BfSSELL, from the same committee, re-
ported back without amendment, House bill (No.
119) "to provide for the continuation of the military
road from Myrtle creek to Scottsburg, in Oregon
Territory;" which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
RIGHTS OF NEUTRALS.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House—I know that it can-
not be done except by unanimous consent—to
offer resolutions from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs requesting: information only.
The SPEAKER. They will be read for in-
formation.
The resolutions were read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to communicate to tin* House, as far a«, in 1ns opin-
ion, it may not be incompatible with the public interest,
copies of all correspondence which has passed between this
Government and foreign Governments on the subject, ac-
corded by declaration or otherwise, to neutrals, and the
rights claimed by belligerents in the war pending between
certain European Powers.
Resolved, That the President be also requested to com-
municate to this Ilousc, as far as, m his opinion, may not be
incompatible with the public interest, copies of such instruc-
tion? as have been tuim>-hed by th<* Department of Slate to
our repiesentatives abroad, m lelation to the Island of
Cuba, as well as all such dispatches as have been received
from said representatives by the Department ot State.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will be on the adoption of the resolutions.
There was no objection.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tions were adopted.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS AGAIN.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire whether the
bills which have been reported this morning by
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs [Mr. Bissell] are to be acted on this week,
in the disposition of territorial business5
Mr. BISSELL. I can only say to the gentle-
man that such is the hope of the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope that the bills
will be printed. Nobody here knows anything
about them except the gentleman and the mem-
bers of the Military Committee.
Mr. BISSELL. I will say to the gentleman
that there is no sort of objection on the part of the
committee to having them printed. They are
short bills, and the time during which they are to
be acted on is not long. Therefore we thought
that it would not, perhaps, be necessary to have
them printed.
The SPEAKER. If notobjected to, the usual
order will be made for the printing of the bills
referred to.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FARLEY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the consideration of territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to !
the gentleman from Maine the propriety of re- 1
ferring a single territorial bill, which is upon the j
Speaker's table, before his motion is acted on.
Mr. FARLEY. I will withdraw it until that
bill is referred.
Mr. CUNGMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] were adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
A bill of the following title was then taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time j
by its title, and referred to the Committee of the |
Whole on the state of theUnion: I
An act to establish the office of surveyor gen-!
eral of New Mexico, to grant donations to actual!
settlers therein, and for other purposes. j
Mr. FARLEY. I now renew my motion. I
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman |
from Maine will withdraw that motion till the com- i
mittees have an opportunity to report all the terri-
torial bills which are ready, that we may get them
upon the Calendar.
Mr. FARLEY. 1 will withdraw it, if there are
any more territorial bills to be reported.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 desire to report two ifiofe
bills of a territorial character from the Committee
on Military Alfairs; and ask that they may take
the same direction as those which I reported iust
now.
Mr.B., from the Committee on Military Affairs,
then reported bills of the following titles; which
were read a first and second time by their respect-
ive titles, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill to provide for the construction of a mili-
tary road in the Territory of Utah; and
A bill to refund to theTerritoryofUtah the ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities.
Mr. FARLEY. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into theCommittee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in
the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill first in order for
consideration is House bill No. 164, " making fur-
ther appropriations for continuing the construc-
tion of road# in the Territory#of Minnesota, in
accordance with the estimates made by the War
Department."
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendmentis reported
by the committee to strike out all of the bill after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the. following sums of money be, and they are
hereby, appropriated for continuing the construction of
roads m the Territory of Minnesota, to wit:
For the continuation of the road from Point Douglas, on
the Mississippi river, to the mouth of the St. Louis river,
of I-ake Superior, $'20,000.
For the continuation of the road from Point Douglas to
Fort Gaines, now Fort Ripley, $10,000
For the continuation of the road from the mouth of
Swan river to the Winnebago agency, .$5,000.
For the continuation of the road from Wabashaw to
Mendota $15,000.
The continuation of the construction of said roads to be
made under the direction of the Secretary of War, pursu-
ant to contracts to be made by him, or under his direction :
Provided, That so much of any former acts as require the
first-mentioned road to terminate at the falls or rapids of
&aid St Louis river, are hereby repealed.
The CHAIRMAN. In the month of March last
we had under consideration, in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, territorial
business. At that time a question of order was
raised as to what latitude of discussion could be
allowed when a special order was under consid-
eration. The present occupant of the Chair then
ruled that, under the order of the House, he would
be compelled to restrict debate to the bill under
consideration. In that decision the committee
then acquiesced. The Chair feels it his duty to
make this statement now in advance of any discus-
sion, so that gentlemen of the committee may be
aware of the decision of the Chair, which was
sustained on a former occasion.
Mr. FARLEY. With the indulgence of the
committee, I will endeavor to explain the reasons
which induced the Committee on Territories to
report this bill back to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. There are four roads
named in the bill, which are all of a military char-
acter, necessary for the convenience of the Gov-
ernment in the transportation of troops and mil-
itary stores, and necessary also for the protection of
settlers in that section of the country, which, it i«
well known to the committee, is quite new.
The bill now under consideration proposes to
make an appropriation for the continuation of the
construction of these roads. The first appro-
priation made by Congress for their construction
was in July, 1850; and a further appropriation for
the same purpose was also madein January, 1853.
The appropriation made in July, 1850, amounted
in the aggregate to the sum of §35,000; and the
appropriation of January, 1853, amounted in the
aggregate to the sum of $40,000. It is now ap-
parent, as exhibited by the estimates comingfrom
the Topographical Bureau, under the direction of
the Secretary of War, that further appropriations
are necessary, amounting in the aggregate to the
sum of $50,000. If gentlemen will turn to the
