1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
of House bill No. 116, entitled " A bill making
appropriations for fortifications and other works
of defense, and for repairs of barracks and quar-
ters, for the year ending 30th June, 1855."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered the following amendment:
After lino forty-two insert:
For armament of fortifications in the harborof San Fran-
cisco, California, #1.30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to insert after the
amendment which has been just made an amount
of $25,000 for carrying on the fortification of Fort
Gaines, on Dauphin Island, Mobile harbor.
I hold in my hand a letter from the Secretary of
War, recommending an appropriation of $25,000
or $30,000 for the construction of this work. A
similar letter has also been presented to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I have their con-
sent and approbation in offering this amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I inquire if that is
a new work entirely?
Mr. PHILLIPS. There has been a small ap-
propriation heretofore made for the purchase of
the site on Dauphin Island, and the balance to be
applied to the construction of the work. Within
the last few days the title has become perfect.
The original appropriation was made many years
ago, and the delay has been owing to the fact that
until this time the title could not be perfected, in
order to enable the Government to go on with the
work. They have purchased one half of the
island for a very small amount of money, and this
appropriation is asked for to enable the Govern-
ment to continue the work.
I will read a letter from the Secretary of War
upon the subject, if any gentleman desires further
information.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman now yield
the floor to me ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 will.
Mr. HAVEN. I will move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of closing debate upon this
bill, and then I will move directly to go back
again into committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There will be no
unnecessary debate upon this bill. I hope the
question will be taken upon the amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Wallet) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the bill of the House
(No. 11G) " making appropriations for fortifica-
tions and other works of defense, and for repairs
of barracks and quarters, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1855," and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. HAVEN. I move the usual resolution
to cjos£ debate upon the fortification bill in five
minutes after its consideration shall again be re-
sumed in committee.
The resolution was considered and adopted.
Mr. HAVEN, i move that the rules be sus-
pended , &nd that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Walley in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill (No. 116) known as the
fortification bill, the pending question heing.upon
the amendment offered by Mr, Phillips.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
letters from the Secretary of War, to which the
gentleman from Alabama alluded, may be read.
The letters were read, as follows :
War Department, ?
washington-, July 15, 1854. )
Sir: The United States having obtained a perfect title to
the site of Fort Gaines, qn Dauphin Island, Alabama the
Department is prepared to carry on the construction of the
works. In addition to an unexpended balance of $13,000
available for the work, the eluef engineer reports thai
,"$25,000 or $30,000 can be expended daring the coming
season with advantage.
i have, therefore, the honor to request that an amend-
ment lo appropnaie eitner of the last named turns be made
to the formication bill.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. C. «f. Faulkner, Chairman Committee
on Military Jljfairs, House of Representatives.
War Department, ?
Washington, July 14, 1#54. )
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 12th ii)bt>inl, asking such a recommenda-
tion from tin's Department as wiil enable you to move an
amendment to provide an appropriation for the eonstruc
tion of a work on Dauphin l.-iand, .Mobile harbor.
In reply, I have to nate that the operations on Fort
Gaines, on Dauphin Island, have been delayed by the dif-
ficulty of obtaining a perfect title to the site, in consequence
of which the balance available for the work, $3 3,000, has
remained unexpended fur some time.
A satisfactory title having recently been obtained, oper-
ations can be commenced, and an appropriation of ,"£"25,01)0
or $30,000, in addition to the balance on hand, can he ad-
vantageously expended on the work during the coining
season; and I have sent to the Committee on Military
Affairs a recommendation lor that appropriation.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Se< rotary of War.
Hon. P. Phillips, Home of hejnescntata cs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To me this seems
to be a loose way of commencing so large a work
as the one under consideration. We shonid have
before us estimates and plans of some kind as to
the particular kind of work which it is proposed
to construct there. In my judgment, the more
prudent course would be to let this matter go over
to the next session, now only three or four months
distant. In the mean time, let the Department
make estimates of the entire cost—of course, fix-
ing on a plan for the construction of the work—all
to be submitted at the next session. The Secretary
of War does not even say to us whether he deems
the erection of this fortification necessary. Nor
does he say anything in his communication as to
the plan of the work, or anything as to the prob-
able cost. He merely states that, in his opinion,
§25,000 would be advantageously expended; and
this statement he does not make of his own sug-
gestion, or because he thought the work right and
proper, but in reply to the request of the gentle-
man to make such estimate as would enable him
to move an amendment in order to this bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, a few words,
I think, will satisfy my friend from Tennessee.
His last observation I shall answer first. He says
that the Secretary of War has only sent in this
requisition in answer to a request from myself.
The Secretary states in his letter the reason why
requisition was not made from his Department for
this appropriation when the others were made. It
was simply because of the fact that it was only
within the few past days that the Government's
title to the site has been perfected. The Secre-
tary would not make a requisition on the Govern-
ment for an appropriation while rhetitie to the site
remained under the shadow of a cloud. When the
title was perfected, he then made the requisition;
and it has been made within the last few days only,
because the title to the site was only perfected
within the last few days, and not because I, or any
other member of the committee, asked him to do
it as a favor.
Another objection. He says that there ought to
be some plan fixed on before we go to work. Does
the gentleman suppose that an appropriation
would be asked for to construct a fortification un-
less apian had been adopted by the Department
of the Government to which this matter had been
intrusted? Does the gentleman suppose that the
Secretary could be so ignorant of his duties as to
: eome to this House, and ask for appropriations
for the construction of fortifications, the plait of
which had not been agreed on ? Certainly nor.
For years past it has been determined to locate
a fortification at this important point, the mouth
of Mobile harbor. The plan has been completed
and adopted, and appropriation is now asked for
the purpose of carrying it out.
This is not a new thin?; snd f will say to my
friend, that if there is a point on our whole Gulf
coast which requires defense, it ia the ver^ one for
which we are now asking this appropriation. It
is one of the most vulnerable and exposed ports
of the whole coast; and in case of an y difficulty
arising between us and any maritime Power, and
the seat of war were the Gulf of Mexico, Mobile
would be the city most liable to attack from the
enemy. An important trade and commerce find
their protection there. We therefore ask the
Government to carry out the recommendation
which has been made by the Department, to which
the construction of these works are intrusted. I
ask for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
j; mittee of Ways and Means to propose the follow-
jl mg amendment, to come in after the last clause of
'! the bill;
i For contingent expenses of fortifications not herein men-
!j tinned, the preservation of their twites, the protection of titles
j and repairs of sudden damages to torts, .$20,000.
I The amendment was agreed to.
| The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
j the House.
SENATE AMENDMENTS TO THE INDIAN AP-
| PROPRIATION BILL.
The committee next proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 46,
" making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling; treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1855."
The first amendment was reported, as follows:
Pace two, line fourteen, after the wojd " dollars,'1 insert
the lollowing proviso:
Provided, That the President may, from time to time, In
his discretion, remove or change the location of any of the
superintendences now or hereafter to be established by
law: Jlnd jrrovidcd fhither, That whenever the President
may order the iranMer of the duties of superintendent of
Indian affairs fiom the Governor of the Territory of Min-
nesota, the salary ot said Governor shall thereafter be
£2.500 per annum
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now rise, for the purpose of limiting debate on
this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, the Chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation House bill No. 46, with the Senate amend*
ments thereto, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the usual resolution
closing debate on said bill within five minutes
after its consideration should have been resumed
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that.the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
-the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Walley
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending,
when the committee rose, was on the first amend-
ment to the Indian appropriation bill, which has
; been reported.
! Mr. HOUSTON. The first portion of that
! amendment provides that the President may from
J time to time, in his discretion, remove or change
, the location of any of the superintendences now
or hereafter to be established, in that portion of
, it the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence. But the committee recom-
mend that the balance of that amendment be striken
out. That is, after the word "law," in the
seventeenth line, strike out all down to the twenty-
first Une. That clause gives the President the
power to make a division of the duties of the
superintendent and Governor of the Territory of
Minnesota. The committee recommend a non-
; concurrence in it.
The question was taken on striking out the
i following clause:
J2nd provided further, That whenever the President may
, order the transfer of the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs from the Governor of the Territory of Minnesota,
the «alary of said Governor shall thereafter be $2,000 per
annum.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended, the amendment,
as amended, was agreed to.
