1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
The second amendment:
Page two, after line twenty-five, insert the following:
. For pay of five Indian sub-agents for California, at an
annual satary of $1,500 each, $7,5U0.
For pay of four Indian sub-agents in Oregon Territory,
at an annual salary of $1,000 each, $4,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended a concurrence in
the second Senate amendment, with an amend-
ment. They propose to reduce the number of
sub-agents from five to three, and to reduce the
amount from $7,50G to $4,500.
The amendment, if so amended, will read:
For pay of three Indian sub-agents for California, at an
annual salary of $1,500 each, $4,500.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment, to
come in immediately after the amendment which
has just been concurred in;
For the pay of two Indian sub-agents in the Territory
of New Mexico, at an annual salary of $1,000 each, §2,000.
The appropriation has been recommended by
the Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.
The question being put upon the amendment,
Mr. WHEELER called for a division of the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wheeler] will with-
draw his opposition to this amendment, when I
assure him that it is the earnest wish of the Dele-
gate from that Territory, who cannot speak a
word of our language; and it is also exactly such
a provision as is made for the Territory of Wash-
ington. There are numerous tribes of Indians in
New Mexico, and I hope the gentleman andNthe
committee will not object to the amendment. It
is needful- There are no sub-agents there now.
There are in that Territory three tribes of Ca-
manches alone. The Delegate from that Terri-
tory went to. the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,1 who is the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and assured him of its neces-
sity, and desired him to attend to the matter.
There are four sub-agents allowed to Oregon
Territory, three to California, and two to Wash-
ington Territory, and we ask for this new Terri-
tory of New Mexico, only two sub-agents.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If my colleague
will allow me, 1 will say that, independent of all
statements of any individuals, the census shows
conclusively that he is precisely right in his state-
ments.
The question being on Mr. Orr's amendment,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. ORR. I stated to the committee—I do not
know whether I was heard—that the Governor
of the Territory of New Mexico had assured me
that it was necessary that these sub-agents should
be appointed to enable him to discharge the func-
tions of superintendent of the Indians in that
Territory. I have no feeling whateverin relation
to the matter. If the committee do not choose to
adopt the amendment they can let it alone.
The amendment was not agreed to.
EXPLANATION;
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. A circumstance
has occurred in the House this morning which in-
duces me to appeal to the committee to permit me
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALSH. If a charge has been made
against the gentleman, I will withdraw my ob-
jection, but not otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. A charge has been made
against me, and it is for that reason that I desire
to make the explanation. It has been stated to
me that my name has been connected with the
matter upon which a special committee has been
appointed this morning, in reference to the alter-
ation of the records of the House.
I, as the member of the committee on Public
Lands who reported the bill to the House, feel
myself called upon to make a statement of such
facts as have come within my knowledge, or so
far as I personally know them—and I do so upon
my honor—in reference to these alterations.
After this bili had been sent to the committee of
which I am a member, and after it had been re-
ferred particularly to me by that committee, gen-
tlemen who were connected with the bill called
upon me, and requested that before it was pre-
sented to the committee for their report, certain
alterations should be made in the third section.
They explained the alterations which they desired
made—of the design and object of the alterations
1 was then, and am even now ignorant. One was
to effect legislation in Minnesota in regard to lands
which might be granted by Congress to that Ter-
ritory. To do so, I myself struck out the word
" future.5' The other alteration was in reference
to the construction that might be given to the word
" or" as it then stood in the bill. After hearing
what was said on the subject, I thought it proper
to strike out'that word, and in its place to insert
" and."
I knew, Mr. Chairman, that I had stricken out
the word " future," and I thought that I had sub-
stituted " and " for " or." I presented the bill to
the committee. It was adopted, and I was in-
structed to report it to the House. 1 did so. It
passed this body, and wentto the Senate. When
in the other branch of Congress, my attention was
again called to it; and it was remarked that, as it
was before the Senate, the bill did not contain the
alteration which I supposed that I had made. I
then conferred with one or two members of the
Senate on the subject. They rather spoke to me
on the subject, and I told them frankly that when
I reported the bill from my committee I had made
the alteration. When 1 asked for leave to report
the bill to the House, 1 told them, in addition, that
I had stated the substance of it, and, as I thought,
the alteration was made, and that, if it were pos-
sible, I should be glad if the change indicated were
made. This was the last I heard of it while it
was in the Senate. Subsequently one of the
clerks of the Senate, General Patton, came to me
in the lobby, just in front of the center door, and
holding out the bill to me, asked whether it was
right. On looking at it, I replied that I was of
opinion it had passed this House different from
what it was then. I think that I said: " General,
you will find, by looking at the original draft, that
the word * and ' is substituted for ' or.' " Asking
me to go to the clerk's room, I went with him there,
and to the desk of Mr. Sproule. The matter was
talked over, and there I made the statement that I
had supposed I had altered the original draft in the
way indicated, and that when I voted for it on its
passage, I was under the belief it contained that
very alteration. The question then arose, Could
the alteration be made? (And I might remark just
here that several Senators, whose names I shall
not mention, stated that these \i^e mere verbal
alterations, and might be made, as such alterations
were frequently made.
Mr. HUNT. Name them. It is your duty to
do so as part of the truth. „
Mr. STEVENS. I shall do what is honorable;
and I shall do no more. The clerks referred to, at
once said that they did not know that they had the
power to make the alteration. After further con-
versation, the matter was adjourned to Mr. For-
ney's room. I went with General Patton and Mr.
Sproule to Mr. Forney's room, and made astate-
ment similar to the one which I have already
given. The matter was discussed, and Mr. For-
ney asked General Patton how it was about such
things? ' General Patton replied: " We frequently
make such alterations." Mr. Forney then said
that perhaps it had better be made, or something
like that. I then left the room. I presume the
alteration was made in consequence of what took
place on that occasion.
I have stated this matter fairly and candidly. 1
wish to withhold nothing. I wish to state every-
thing which took place, however much I may be
implicated in the transaction. However much I
may have erred as a member of this House and a
gentleman, I wish gentlemen to know it. If I
have erred, the error is one of judgment and not
of the heart. I intended to do nothing wrong. I
am fully convinced that Colonel Forney, in yield-
ing hisass,ent to the alteration, supposed that he
was only doing that which was right.
i wish to say here, that that was the first and
last interview I had with Colonel Forney upon the
subject. I never had talked to him before about
the bill, so help me God. I do not know what
was the design of the gentlemen who spoke to
me aboutjhaving the bill changed from its original
form. I allude to those who spoke to me before
the bill was, reported from the committee., I
say that the word " further" was stricken out? by
me. I intended to have stricken out the word
"or," and inserted <*and~" in its place. I was
not aware it was left out until I was informed by
some gentleman of the Senate, or by some person
who had learned the fact from the Senate,5
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan if he has any local or personal
interest in the matter?
Mr. STEVENS. I have none in the world,
except that the road connects the waters of the
Mississippi with the waters of Lake Superior by-
steam navigation, and thereby benefits my State.
That is all the interest I have in the world, and
the alteration of this bill cannot affect that general
purpose at all.
Mr. McNAIR. Do I understand the gentle-
man as saying that he ordered this thing done?
Mr. STEVENS. I said this; If the thing could
be done that I should be highly gratified to have
it done.
Mr HAVEN. Is the gentleman from Michi-
gan through ?
Mr. STEVENS. One word more. I was
asked if I had any interest in this matter. I have
endeavored to explain that I have not, except so
far as it benefits my State; and in benefiting my
State it benefits a great many other States. The
alteration which has been made in this case, as I
understand it, simply gives to the companies
which are now organized, but were not organized
at the time this bill passed, an opportunity to com-
pete in the Legislature for a portion of this land.
That is all the difference which the change makes.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the committee will go
on with the business before us. These statements
will be embodied in the testimony to be submitted
to us by the committee.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Will thegentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stevens] state whether
he was not accompanied by a Senator from Iowa
at the time he paia his visit to the Clerk?
Mr. SOLLERS. I shall object to gentlemen
asking any further questions. We have already,
appointed committee for the purpose of investi-
gating this matter, and reporting their action to
the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN*,
Fourth amendment:
For pay of throe Indian ae^nts in Washington Territory
for six months, ending June 30, 1854, $2,250.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways -
and Means recommend a concurrency &i that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
For pay of two Indian sub-agents. in Washington Terri-
tory, for six months, ending Juiie 30,. 183,4, $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment;
For salaries of six agents, authorized by this act, at the
rate of $1,500 per annu,na each, the sum of $9,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment;
For salary of five Indian agents, of the second claw, ac-
cording to existing laws, at the rate, in future, of $500
each per annum, $2,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is an amendment pro-
posing to increase the pay of these officers. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence in it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, $3,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
For pay of six interpreters for the Indian tribes ifi Wash-
ington Territory, for six months, ending Jutiq 30, 1854*
$1,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Comniittee of Ways
and Means recommended the sinking out of the
word $500 in this ameiidinern, so as tp make the
appropriation $ 1,000. W e did so in pursuance of an
