1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
323
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I move the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the custom-house at St. Louis,
Missouri, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have to state to the committee
that that appropriation is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is not a naked
recommendation, but one with reasons given for
it, which are printed, and here to be read, if de-
sired. The reasons given by the Secretary are,
that the custom-house is now in progress; that it
has never yet been restricted by any appropriation
made for its completion for kny given sum. The
appropriations heretofore made were, first, to
begin the work—to purchase the ground and the
material—then to continue it. That appropriation
was made while I belonged to the other end of the
building. Afterwards appropriations were made
for continuing it. There has never been any re-
striction—never any limitation—never has there
been any exceeding of appropriations.
Nor is it intended now to go beyond the appro-
priations which have been already made, unless
for great reasons given by the Secretary in the re-
commendation which he has made. Theappio-
priation now remaining applicable to this object,
which may be $180,000, will make one of those
kind of buildings which are the wonder and as-
tonishment of Europe; not a building to last, but
a building to be burned down. It is the astonish-
ment, sir, of the civilized world, that Americans,
who have money—money to squander upon every
object—when it comes to a building, build houses
to be burned down with all their contents, and
then begin again and build another for the same
purpose.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report,
says that true economy requires these buildings,
in the first place, to be faced with stone, and not
with mastic upon bricks, which has been the plan
heretofore, mastic being a thing which will not
stand in that climate. Some parts of it heretofore
were stipulated to be fire-proof, other parts not; and
it is to carry out the plan since proposed, of the
building being fire-proof through out, and of durable
material, to last through centuries upon centuries,
that this application is made. And, sir, why not
grant it? "What is St. Louis? It was a little
French village when I went to the place. What
now5 A great city, of one hundred thousand souls,
and representing a commerce with European cities
and a million of people; and that commerce in-
creasing every day.
It was but a few years ago that we obtained
from the Congress of the United otates the privi-
lege of making it a port of delivery, a part of the
district of which New Oileans was the port of en-
try. It was afterwards extended; so as to pay the
duties there; and what have these payments run
up to? To $300,000 paid there in the year 1852,
perhaps $400,000 now, and increasing constantly
Nor is it for the office of the customs alone that
wp want the appropriation, but for many other
offices. What is the amount of money the Uni-
ted States is now paying in St. Louis as rents
for buildings? First, there is the custom-house it-
self, then the court rooms for the Federal courts,
then the post office—a very laige establishment—
then comes the Indian depaitment, the surveyoi
general's depaitment, with the two surveyor's
offices, sub-treasury, and others, altogether some
dozen or fifteen offices in St. Louis for which lents
have to be paid by the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Several Members. " Go on !" " Go on !"
Mr. BENTON. There are are no less than a
dozen different kinds of buildups for which rents
have to be paid now by the Government.
[Here the hammer fell again.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The"gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton*] is mistaken somewhat m
relation to the legislation that has taken plaec on
this subject. At the first session of the last Con-
gress an appropriation was made for the purpose
of erecting a fire-proof building m the city of St.
Louis, for a custom-house, post office, &c.,tor
the completion." The second appropriation that
was made was for the construction of a building
for custom-house, public treasury, and other
offices of the United States at St. Louis, Missouri,
in addition to the appropriation made on the 13th
September, 1850, of §25,000, "provided that no
part of this sum should be expended unless the
sum should complete the building."
So that, Mr. Chairman, there were two appro-
priations for this purpose. One said that it should
not be expended—not a dollar of it—unless it
would complete the building; and the other was
made "forthe completion "of the building. Now,
I resisted these appropriations at the outset, be-
cause I felt that it was my duty to do so. I be-
lieved that they were wrong; and I do believe that
they are wrong. But the committee has overruled
me in every instance, and I take it for granted
they will still continue to do so. However, as
the St. Louis custom-house and the Louisville
custom-house are rather exceptions to the general
rule, it was thought they should be brought spe-
cially to the attention of the committee, as was
done yesterday. As to the one in relation to
Louisvilie, the estimates and the precise bids were
before the House when it passed the last appro-
priation. It passed it on bids before the House.
I now propose to have the Clerk read a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Treasury, ad-
dressed to the last Congress, showing that on the
bids, and on the precise estimates, we appropriated
$115,000 for the completion of this work. That
is all I propose to do.
The Clerk then read the following communica-
tions:
Washington, February 16, 3P"3.
Dear Fir: Under the propositions received by the
"Department, the new cu--tom-hou.>e and po>«t office at St.
Lorn* w!l require a Author appropriation ot $115,000, and
tor the maitne hospital, <*10.000.
Veiy respectfully, WM. S. HODGE.
Hon. j. F. Darby.
; Treasury DnrARTMLST, January 21, 1853.
| Sir : i have the honor to report, that by the terms of the
| appropriation authonzina the predion of a custom-house at
i St. Loui=, Mi^outi, the butldinsis lequired to he tire proof,
: and to afford accommodation-? fur the-custom houve, inde-
pendent treasury, and other offices of the United State*
in that city, embracing the post office, surveyor general's
office, legister and receivers offices, pennon agent's office,
and rooms for the United .States couits and other officer^.
That exclusive of the co*t ot the site, the appropriation for
the construction of said building, including the necessary
contingent expenses, amounts to the sum of .-$75,000, of
winch a balance ofS'73.97S 38 remains unexpended. That
a suitable plan foi the building, prepared with gicatcare,
and with paiticular reference to its most economical con-
stiuction, was adopted and proposals invited for its con-
junction ; and that the lowest bids for the work, a* appears
from the reportof the superintendents, amount m the aggre-
gate to the sum of 97, showing a deficiency of
.$115,«11 59.
"II the building is to he constructed according to the pres-
ent plan, n i< obvious that a laige additional appropriation
wul he inquired bt f<>ie any fin ther st<>p- can b« tnk«;n, and
I would therefore recommend, in ontei to meet all contin-
gencies, that Congie^ should be a-ked to .ippropuate the
fmthersum ofsl2."),OOU to complete the building.
Very respectfully, > oui obedient seivnnl,
AiWMI B. YOUXO, Svyervtconj Architect.
Hon. Thomas Cokwin, Sec/ctary oj the Treasury.
\ tiifasruy i)i;partmi nt, February 17,1S53.
| Pfaii Sir : hi addition to the foicgoing report, I would
state that INIr. Rockwell. tin' former Comnuf-j-i'm'-r o{ Cu-j-
' torn*, atter a vwt to St. Loui - hM tall, repoited to tin- that,
j on a full examination of the plans lotjniti building, and Use
I piesent post oi'iee accoinmou.il nm, he thought it ab-ulutely
i necessary to onle  nio.e room to be appropi iated to that pur-
I pose, and lli.it m a f< w years the building would not fully
accommodate all the hu-incs* proposed to tie put into n.
lit- fuither stated tiuit the buildnu.' could not be erected for
; the money appropriated, and ii made m conformity to tho«e
now being elected by private individuals, would costnearly
. .x*2!MLOO0.
Tne amount of accommodation now required is very
large, and with themcieav oj the city in a few _veais.M>nie
1 of "the offices now located in the proposed building would
• ha\e to be removed to other buddings, in oidei to aeeoui-
; niodate the mo-.! important husine^ in tlu«. St. Loins is in
one of those locations that the requited accommodation
will very f.i.-t meiea^e; mid I think u would b<> verv bad
policy to erect a building (!f tlrs kind there, that wu'd not
i afi'"id proper accommodation at tin* time.
Respecttullv, vour obedient servant,
i AM VII H YOUJVG, Suiin cUot y Architect.
Hon. T F. JlAiiiiVj -V. (J., J','ashniAon.
Mr.'DEAN. I move to reduce the appropria-
1 tion one dolhu*. I do it for the purpose of enabling
; the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to
. continue his remarks.
! Mr. BENTON. I avail myself of the oppor-
1 tumty, with thanks to the member who has af-
i forded it, to say to the gentleman from Alabama
' [Mr. Houstox] that this a~e is progressive.
Everything is moving along; &rcd what will not
: move of itself is carried along by the advancing
i mass. The^entlenian looks tu former acts, which
' related to the buiiuing according to its first plans,
and weie intended for that kind of building-which
has been superseded by the progress of ideas, and
in which mastic and wood must yield to stone-
and iion. There has also been progress in the
arts on this subject; they are firmer, and have
been succeeded by another which was for the con-
tinuation of the building on the plan which we
have at last got adopted. I speak of the last act,
which is the one which is upon the progressive
principle. The Secretary of the Treasury says
that the last appropriation to this work was for
continuing ;its construction, and he puts within a
parenthesis consequently not restrictive." So
that there has been no limitation put upon the new
plan—no covenant against a new appropriation—
no estoppel to ask for this $100,000. It is no
longer intended to put ur> a building to be burnt
down, or to rot down. But, as I have said, it is
wanted for more than a custom-house—for twelve
or fifteen offices, and some of them large. Ca-
pacity and durability is wanted—a house large
enough for more than a dozen offices, all to be col-
lected within it, and for the purpose of being
burnt up m it. Fire-proof is now the idea, and
durability the design, and economy to result
from it, as well as safety. There has been no re-
striction since the acts the gentleman read. Since
that there has been no limitation; since that the
word " completion " has not been used until in-
corporated in this amendment which I have pre-
sented. It is now used—completion is now the
j word—and if it is adopted now, and at another
I session anybody comes forward and asks for a
I further sum, then the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] can spell that word "comple-
tion/' and nail him down to the $100,000, which
! this amendment contains.
] Sir, I was saying when I sat down before, that
! not less than ten or fifteen offices belonging to the
! United States were kept in hired buildings in St.
i Louis, the rent of which is more than the interest
| on the cost of the proposed building. It would
- be economy to erect such a building, which by the
j law of its creation—by the words m the act which
I commenced it—is to be made to accommodate all
| those different offices, enumerating by name the
whole of them. Thereupon will cease the enor-
mous rent we are now paying. It will be a pieoe
of economy in the use as well as in the perpetuity
of the budding to make it as this amendment pro-
poses, and I hope the House will readily grant it,
seeing that this amendment contains that word
" completion," which is to be a bar to future ap-
! plications.
I The question was then taken on Mr. Lean's
S amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then being upon Mr. Benton's
amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
! which weie ordered; and Messrs. "Vail and
i CnmcnwEi.T. were appointed.
, *The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
i ported—ayes tf(), noes 56.
i So the amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. RIDDLE. I move to amend by adding
! the following:
For completing, in a fire-proof manner, the custom-
1 house at Wilmington, Deluwaie, $12,Oii0.
i Mr. Chairman, I do not design to occupy even
. the five minutes allowed me under therules of this
: House. I have already said what I desire to say
! in relation to this recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. But, sir, I find that my
appropriation stands before this committee, as I
stand in the House, alone ; with no friends to
back be, no colleagues to advocate my claim.
I have asked, at the hands of this committee,
nothing which the Secretary of the Treasury has
not asked for, as a matter of justice and economy
: to this Government. The question before us is
! simply whether you will complete this custom-
! house as it has been constructed to the first floor,
! in a fire-proof manner, or whether you will con-
struct it in such a manner as will render it liable
' to be destroyed by fire, as was the one at Portland,
ji Maine. . .
!' The Secretary says, in his recommendation, that
ii it will be most economical for the Government to
i grant the appropriation. But it is in vain for me
j! to reneat the arguments which are urged m the
strongest language by the Secretary of the Treas-
II ury. ^If it be the pleasure of the House to strike
