1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
ritory of Minnesota [Mr. Rice] is better informed
upon that point than 1 am.
Mr. RICE, it embraces about twenty-five
millions of acres.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
through by paragraphs for amendment. When
the second clause of the first section was read as
follows:
Second. The annuities to which said Indian are entitled
under existing treaties, together with such as may be al-
lowed them for the cession or cessions under the provisions
of this act, shall be equally distributed and paid them at
their villages, or settlements within the limits of the ceded
territory: but th ' President shall be invested with power to
cause i>aid annuities to be commuted from time to time for
such articles of goods, provisions, stock, cattle, implements
of agncultuie, the clearing and fencing of land, and the
erection of buildings and other improvements, as in his
discretion will conduce most to promote .their comfort, civ-
ilization, and permanent welfare.
Mr. HOUSTON said: Ishould like to know of
the gentleman from South Carolina, if that sec-
tion is intended to be a section of law to control
the President, or a mere suggestion to him in
making a treaty ? It proposes that the President
shall dispose of the annuities now due to the In-
dians by treaty stipulation, in a particular way.
Now, I understand that all the annuities due to
the Indians are due under treaty stipulations, and
are to be paid according to the terms of the trea-
ties. We cannot' pass a law, I apprehend, by
which we will change the manner of paying those
annuities; and if that is the proposition containeu
in this bill, I think it is objectionable.
Mr. ORR. The bill is merely advisory to the
President of the United States. As a matter of
course, we could not, if we were to attempt it,
conuol the President and Senate as to how they
should negotiate and'ratify treaties. It is merely
advisory, but it is necessary that you should put
it in the shape of law, so that the stipulations
which the President may propose to make with
the Indians shall be valid and binding on this Gov-
ernment, and the Indian not deceived by promises
which Congress may fail to redeem.
Now, with reference to the annuities. If the
gentleman objects to paying the annuities now due
to the Indians in a different manner from that con-
templated by existing treaties, he can amend this
section of the bill by adding a proviso making it
applicable to no annuities except those which these
Chippewa Indians may receive by virtue of the
treaty which we expect now to make with them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not a copy of the bill
before me, and I cannot, therefore, propose an
amendment at this moment. I am perfectly will-
ing that the President of the United States shall,
with the consent of the Indians, change the exist-
ing treaties, and improve the mode of payment to
the Indians. I believe that the present mode is a
bad one; I believe that it results badly for the
Government, and injuriously to the Indian tribes.
I believe that large amounts of the money paid
out, and which are supposed to be applied for the
benefit of the Indians, go into the pockets of other*
people for their personal advantage, and to the pre-
judice of the interest of the Indians. If therefore
thegentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and J
the Committee on 1 ndian Affairs, shall propose any |
improvement in the mode of paying annuities to j
the Indians, all I desire is that they shall acoom- i
plish that purpose by proper approaches, and by j
that kind of treaty stipulation which shall bind
the Indians. If 1 understand the remarks of the
gentleman from South Carolina correctly, that
the treaty will bind the Government without any
law, because it is the supreme law of the land
when it is adopted and ratified, then I certainly
differ with him.
Mr. ORR. I will suggest an amendment to
come in the twenty-first line, which will meet the
views of thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] and which is to insert the words, " with
the consent of said Indians." If the amendment
be adopted, then the payment of annuities cannot
be changed without the consent of the Indians
themselves.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from South Carolina does not
meet my objection to this section. The gentle-
man says, that the object of this bill is to prevent [
the Indians from being imposed upon and swin-
dled, and that, under present management, their
money is distributed to those who have imposed
upon them, and who have rendered little or no j
equivalent for the claims they hold against them.
I think the latter part of this section, when care-
fully examined, opens the door just as widely to
fraud upon the Indians as under the present sys-
tem. What is it?
"The President shall be invested with power to cause
said annuities to be commuted from tune to time for such
articles of goods, provisions, stock, cattle, implements of
agriculture, Uie clearing and fencing of land, and the erec-
tion of buildings and other improvements, as in his discre-
tion wili conduce most to promote their comfort, civiliza-
tion, and permanent welfare."
If the President of the United States could su-
perintend this commutation in person, 1 imagine
that no imposition would be practiced upon the
Indians. But if it is to be intrusted, as it is now
intrusted, to Indian agents of the Government,
many of whom, if report does them no injustice,
are interested in securing their money, there is
exactly the same chance for imposition on their
part towards the Indians, as there is under the
present arrangement.
Mr. ORR. If my friend will allow me, I do
not think that the difficulty would be so great as
he apprehends. In the first place, I do not know
that we have occasion to complain of our agents
having acted dishonestly in paying these Indians.
The reason why these payments have not proved
serviceable to the Indians is, that as soon as the
money reached their hands, and until within the
last three years, before it reached their hands, it
was seized upon by the traders located within the
limits of their country; and if it was not for prior
contracted debts, it was for goods furnished at ex 
orbitant prices, and for spiritous liquors furnished
to the Indians. If, therefore, the amendment I
have suggested be adopted, I cannot see how it
will work any injury; for the Indians, in one con-
tingency, will be greatly benefited, because the
President will be invested with power to cause said
annuities to be commuted for such articles of goods,
provisions, stock, cattle, implements of agricul-
ture, as their necessities may require. When
these payments are made, why, as a matter of
course, the Indians will get the benefit of them. I
think myself, that it will be much better to make
these payments in goods and implements of agri-
culture, than in money annuities.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire only to make a sug-
gestion. I have had a little experience in refer-
ence to paying Indians their annuities in goods. I
am in favor of the general objects of this bill. I
think that the first provision of this bill is a very
proper one, and that it is calculated to bring the
influences of civilization over the 1 ndians more than
anything that has been done by the Government
of the United States since I have known anything
of their history or of their intercourse with the
Indians. But, Mr. Chairman, this second pro-
vision does not meet with my approbation. I
have no objection to the first part of the provision,
with the amendments suggested by thegentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] down to the
word "but," in the twenty-fourth line. But I
would strike out the rest of the section, because
all that I have seen, impels me to the opinion and
the belief that it would open the door to fraud and
bad dealing 011 the (>ait of the agents. For the
agents themselves would become interested in the
implements and provisions to be furnished to the
Indians, and would either make bargains before-
hand, or compel them to takesuch articles as they
wished. With the exception of this provision, 1
consider the bill very valuable, and I thereforenow
move to strike out the latter part of the second
provision, which I have designated.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] will be
adopted; and in reply to my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Or.r,] I take occasion to say that
I have heard of some of these agents who do take
advantage of the Indians under the present sys-
tem. They are all more or less interested in all
of these grog-shops, and other establishments in-
troduced into the Indian country; and they carry
away some share of the plunder where there is
so much to be distributed. It seems to me that
the very moment you pass this law, including the
provision proposed to be stricken out, these agents
will become interested in the agricultural imple-
ments, goods, merchandise, and everything of
that sort to be fijfeished to the Indians; and they
will thus reap the same sort of profit which they
are reaping now from the distribution of Indian
annuities. I hope, therefore, Mr. Chairman,
that the suggestion of my friend from New York
will be adopted, and that the latter half of this
second section will be stricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not quite certain my-
self, Mr. Chairman, but that the latter branch of
the second section ought to be retained, with some
modifications. I believe that it is the better plan
of the two, that theGovernment, instead of making
cash payments, should furnish to the Indians such
goods and implements as they require to improve
their condition. I am well convmced, from the
observations that have been made on this floor on
occasions like this, that the present mode of pay-
ing Indians for our indebtedness to them is not
good, and does ordinarily result very little to their
advancement and for their benefit. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I would rather, as a general rule,Agree
in our treaties to pay the Indians so much of the
articles that are necessary to their comfort and
subsistence, either in goods, or food, or imple-
ments of husbandry, than pay them in cash. I
would carry out the idea of my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] so as to let the annuity to
be paid them, whether of $100,000 or $50,000, or
any other sum, as stipulated in the treaty, be
paid in such articles as the Indians may need.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I object to giving the
President, or to the Indian agents, or superin-
tendent, such power as is proposed to be given
by this proposition. But, if the gentleman from
South Carolina will so modify the second branch
jjf that provision, that the whole thing shall be
changed by treaty with the Indians, so that the
annuities shall be paid in goods, such as the In-
dians may need, why then 1 should have no objec-
tion; because the goods then might be purchased
by the Government in large quantities, and under
the direct eye of the Government or some of its
officers. I believe that the appropriate control of
this subject is now vested in the Interior Depart-
ment. If this be true, when you propose to pur-
chase these large quantities of goods and imple-
ments, to discharge the obligations growing out of
our treaties with the Indian tribes, theSecretary of
that Department will exercise such a supervision
over the matter as will guard against these frauds.
When the money is once invested in the goods,
then there is' no other opportunity of committing
fraud. The frauds which are committed now take
place at the time of the payment of the money.
The traders and the grog-shop keepers are upon
the ground, watching the Indians. As soon as
the Indians get a handful of money under the
treaty stipulations, these traders and shop keepers
seize upon it; and before the poor native can re-
lieve himself of them, he is.relieved of his money.
If the Government invest the money, which it
is obligated to pay, in goods which the Indians
really need, and must have, then you dispense
with the necessity of having a great number of
traders in the Indian country, and, at the same
time, putit outof the power of the traders to com-
mit frauds upon the Indians.
The only fraud indicated by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] is perpetrated in the
puichase of goods. Whenever you guard that
point we are safe, and the Indians will get what
they ought to have. And, certainly, in the pur-
chase of a large stock of goods in this way, under
the supervision of the Indian Bureau, and of the
Secretary of the Interior, it could be done safely.
It would free us from those difficulties which have
heretofore surrounded our Indian policy; it would
enable us to get along more easily, more to our
satisfaction, and certainly with more profit to the
Indians themselves, than underthepresentsystem.
Mr. LETCHER. What will you do with those
improvements mentioned in the bill? *
Mr. HOUSTON. That part of the bill, in my
opinion, ought to be modified. I would strike
out the provision for the clearing and fencing of
lands, the erection of buildings, and other improve-
ments, and pay the Indians their annuities in
goods, such as they need, and let them make then-
own improvement upon the land, by their own
labor.
Mr. DUNHAM. I concur fully in the views
just expressed by the gentleman from Alabama.
I regard this provision of the bill which is proposed
to be stricken out as one of the most important
provisions of it. Some little attention to this sub-
ject has convinced me that more frauds are per-
petrated upon the Indians, under the system of
paying to them their annuities m cash, when
gathered together at a specified place and time,
