1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
4 ^st'ins&te submitted by Governor Stevens, which I
hold in my hand. He estimates " for incidental
expenses, $500; for six interpreters for half a
year, $1,000." An examination, however, and
also from having had my attention called to the
fact by the Indian Bureau, I am satisfted that
Governor Stevens has made a mistake m his esti-
mate, and that the sum ought to be $1,500. The |
yearly salary of an interpreter is §500; and,
therefore, the salary for half a year of six of them
is $1,500. The Senate were right in their amend-
ment, and the estimate of Governor Stevens was
erroneous. The Committee of Ways and Means,
therefore, recommend a concurrence in the Senate
amendment.
The question was put; and the amendment was
concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For erecting buildings for Indian agents in Washington
Territory, $5,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
-and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment of the Senate, for the reason thatthey j
suppose the appropriation is premature, to say |
the least of it. CJp to this time there have been ;
no treaties made with the Indian tribes in Wash- J
in^ton Territory; and no sites have been selected I
where the agents'building's can be erected, i un- |
detstand, however, that my friend from South
Carolina has a communication on the subject, J
which I have no objection to hear read. I
Mr. ORR It is a communication from Gov- j
•ernor Stevens, addressed to me as chairman of;
the Committee on Indian Affairs. His views are i
in favor of the a-ppropriation being made. He i
•Bays:
" I also stated what seemed to me strong reasons for an
appropriation tor agency buildings. The best po.-ilnuw iur
the tluee agencies. are: lor i'uuet Sound, thy south end
of Wlnn>y\i Island; for the Central agenov, the site of
Walker's and Eel's mission ; for the Fastrrn -u^'ticies,
■opposite Hell Gate, in the St. Mary's valley Then' ate
absolutely no buildings whatevei lo( these piupost s. !! i-
proposed they shall be plain and simple. Hut there will :
toe required in each case accommodation for ihc agent <uid j
his mierpieter, a room ior Inditn good-?, a room foi the
reception and accommodation of Indiana visiting the agen-
cies on business. In addition lo winch, tor Hie Ccntial
and Ra-lern agencies, acorial will be leqiiu ed l<>r animals. |
• "The surn'a-ked ol £.">,1)00 has b'M'ii based on a carelnl
calculation of the minimum sum required to get simply ]
computable shelter tor the Indian officer-, &c., \vh<>re no |
buildings now exist. f ihink, by care in maiMgmg tlie |
business, buildings c.m be put up which will answer lor !
several years; and it is probable thai hereatier repairs and
additions can be made at veiy tolling expense."
I concurred with the gentleman from Alahama,
in the impropriety of making any appropriation
until 1 had a conversation with Governor Stevens.
The sum of $5,0U0 proposed will cover the ex-
penses of the agency buildings; and it is neces-
sary that there should be some buildings at these
agencies.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from .South Carolina one question. Is tins
sum of $5,000, intended to commence the election
of permanent buildings at the a^encicL*, or is it
necessary for providing temporary accommoda-
tions?
Mr. ORR. The $5,000 will be sufficient to
complete the building as at present advised.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I am unwilling to ask
money for anything which is not right. But I
want to oiler, now, an amendment to that amend-
ment. The Indians m Oregon are more numerous
than they are in Washington Teriiti>ry,and they ,'j
give us more trouble to taker,areof them. Agem.y -
buildings are necessary in Washington Territory, ;
and will be more necessary in Ortgon, and J there- '
fore propose to amend the amendment of the .yen- [
tleman from South Carolina, by adding an equal j
appropriation for the construction ot suitable ,
agency buildings in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. PSCKHAM- I wish to inqune of the 1
gentleman from Oregon whether there have here- ,
tofore been any buildings of that sort for these
agencies in his Territory? ;
Mr. LANE. There have been superintendency '
buildings. We have Indians in different portions
of the Territoiy, but, up to this time, 1 think there
has not been any appropriation for those budd'ngs
Mr. HOUSTON. Probably the gentleman
from New York will be answered to his satisfac-
tion if he will look to the item of the original bill
which immediately precedes the place where this 1
amendment comes in. He will find there an ap-
propriation of §10,000 for the building of agen-
cies and t(ie repairs thereof. The amendment
proposed applies to the Washington Territory
alone. An appropriation of some amount for that
purpose is usually made. We have made them in
all Indian appropriation bills, sometimes more, and
sometimes less; and the money is applied indis-
criminately, to any Indian country, wherever the
Department conceives a necessity for such an ap-
plication exists.
The question was taken; and Mr. Lane's
amendment to the amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN then announced the ques-
tion to be upon non-concurring in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would suggestto theChair
that if he will put the question directly upon con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate, it may be
ail done by one vote. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence; but if
the motion to non-concur should be lost, the ques-
tion would then have to be taken upon concurring
in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Alabama, and
put the question upon concurring m the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if he still recommends a non-concurrence ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means. I
will state, however, that information is presented
by Governor Stevens's letter, which certainly was
not before the committee.
Mr. WALSH, i would inquire whether the
Committee of Ways and Means has had a meet-
ing since the letter has been received ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not. The letter
has only just been brought out a few minutes ago.
The question being upon concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded telleis.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was then non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For the teappioprtation for expenses of the removal o
the Catawba I'mlian* to the west ot'the Mississippi river
and of settling and subsisting them one year in their new
homes, provided that u home shall lir-a be obtained for
them, and that they shall be removed only with their own
consent, ,>£5,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment. I have a short extract from a letter from
the Department, which I will read, if required.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
After " 1^52," upline one hundred and thirty-two, inset
the wimK " as ^tijSftlated m the ninth <u ucle of said treaty;'''
so tli.it the paragraph would read :
Foi payment to tne Chickasaw nation i:i full of the ex-
penses ot tiietr couum-sioueis. in negotiating the treaty of
the 00d of .1 une, iy.V2, ai stipulated in the ninth article of
said treaty, '>00.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is to make more spe-
cific the reference to the treaty. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
For lint of ten in-aallmenN for the purehaseof woods,
provisions, and ngrieultur.il implement*, stipulated in the
sixth article of the treaty of the ,07th of July, £ l£5i$, .^lb,0u0.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means lecommend aconcurreiicem theamend-
ment. It is due under pro\i«ion of arccent treaty :
which has not yet been published. We take it ;
on trust that the Senate have done riifiit. 1
The amendment was concurred m. !
i Fouiteenth amendment: '
| For expenses of the t aneportation of the fir-^t of fen in- |
, stailmenN of goods, prou-uons, and agricultural irnpfe- ;
j meuN, stipulated in the sixth aitiele of the tieaty of the !
! 07th of July, l.V>3, ,5.1,000: Piuridcd, Tout the goods, pro- i
' vision*, and agueultmo! implement* which mav be pur-
j chased and transported, out of any moneys hereby appio-
! pnated, «hall not be dehveied until the said tribes of tn-
' di.in* -h.ill have assented to the amendments ol tin FV.nalc
: of the United States to the said heaiy, on account of winch
| they are procured.
j Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
| and Meansrecommend a concurrence in the amend-
5 ment.
i The amendment was concurred in.
| Mr, HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
1 mitfee of Ways and Means to move the following
1 amendment, to come in after the fourteenth, which
has just been concurred in. It is made necessary
by treaties which were ratified by the Senate a few
weeks since:
Dclawares.—For the expenses of surveying the lands,
a? provided m the second article of the treaty of the 7th
of May, 1<554, $11,146 95.
Foi "the fir.<t of eight equal installments for payment of
five chiefs, per filial and sixth articles of the treaty of the
6th of May, 1854, $1,250.
For the first of two installments per fourth article of the
treaty of the 6th of May, 1854, .^74,000.
For the purchase ot four sections of land for the Chris-
tian Indians, pei thirteenth article of the treaty of the 6th
of May, 185-1, ,$-6,400.
For payment, under the direction of the President of the
United States, the sum of §5,600 : Provided, That the said
Christian Indiana shall relieve the United States from all
claims or demands for land* or money aii«ing under the
third and fourth articles of the agreement ofthe 8th of No-
vember.1803, made with said Indians, the payment of$6,400
and $5,000, as above provided, being in lieu thereof, and in
lull consideration of the same.
Iowas.—For the expenses of surveying, as provided in
! the third auicle of the treaty ot the 17th of May, 1854,
j $1,987 20.
I For thf payment of a portion of the $157,500 due the
! lowas, under the second clause of the second article of the
] treaty of the 19th of October, 183S, to be applied an an
i agricultural fund, per ninth article of the treaty of the 17th
i of May, 1854, .$50,000 : Piovuhd* That the appropriation
| herein made '• for interest on ,$157,500, at five per centum,
j stipulated in the second article ot the treaty of the 19th of
i October, 1838,''be reduced to the sum of #5,375.
For the payment in consideiation of removal to their rea-
ei valion, ami ol a release of all claims per twelfth article of
the ireaty of the 17th of May, 1854, j$yK)0.
KirLapoos.—For the expenses of selecting the reservation
provided tn the first article ol the treaty of the 18th of May,
18.34, and foi surveying and making the exterior lines of
the same, .$1,000.
For the first installment ofinterest at five per centum on
.$100,()l 0 lor education, per second article of the treaty of
the t'Sih of May, 1854, 000
For the pa\ merit of this sum as the fir*t installment in
money, per second aitiele of the treaty of the 18th of May y
1854, ,525,0Ut).
For the pavment for improvements and the expenses of
appraising the same on the land ceded, per fourth article of
the treaty of the 18th of May, 1854, .si 5,000.
For removal and subsidence, and ni consideration of a
release oral! claims, per eighth article of the treaty of the
I8U1 of May, 1854, ,$20,000.
Sues and /'ojes of Mi^ouri —For expenses of selecting
the reservation piovided for in the first, article of the treaty
of the lhth of May, J854, and for surveying and marking
the exterior lines of th.e same, .$-500.
For the first of four installments per second article of the
treaty of the 18th of May, 1854, $15,000.
For removal and subsistence, and in satisfaction of all
claims and demands, per sixth article of the treaty of the
18th of May, 1854, $5,Mitt.
For defraying the expenses of the Creek delegation now
in the city of Washington, and with whom a treaty has
lately been concluded, .$) ,199 55.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifteenth amendment:
For the expenses of running and marking the eastern
boundaiy line ot the Creek country west of the Arkansas,
$8,000.
j Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
! a concuirence in the amendment,
j The amendment was concurred in.
j Sixteenth amendment:
i Nnvajos —For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Na-
il vajos, pursuant to the requirements of the tenth article of
ji the treaty of September 9, lc.49, .$5,000.
jj Mr. HOUSTON. In submitting estimates in
1 the early part of the session, this item was not
jj included when >t should have been;but it has been
i| estimated for since. The committee recommend
!! a concurrence in the amendment.
! The amendment was concurred in.
j; Seventeenth amendment:
I! For fulfilling the stipulations contained in the fifth article
of the treaty of the 10th of March. 1854, ,$*41,0(10.
j, Mr. HOUSTON. This is an appropriation
'■ for carrying nut the stipulations of a new treaty.
I The committee recommend a concurrence.
H Th*> amend ment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
j 1 For -inrvej in? and marking the boundary of the reserva-
II tion of land stipulated in the first article of the treaty of the
j: if>th of March, 1854, ,$1,200.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriation here rec-
ommended 13 also for carrying out a treaty stipu-
■ lation. The committee recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
; Mr. HOUSTON. Mv attention has been called
to an omission which' I had overlooked myself.
! The Senate amend the bill by striking out the fol-
, lowing words, from line four hundred and four-
, teen to fo.tr hundred and seventeen:
Foi ogtieulturol implement, during the pleasure of the
; President, stipulated 111 the fourth &rtiete of the treaty of the
i 15th of July, 1830,£f 00.
