1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May I,
than in any other way. There is not a single
Indian trader, m the whole western country, who
does not know the exact moment when the pay-
ment from ttie Government is to be made to these
Indian tribes. They know the agent who is to
pay, and when and where he is to pay, and they
follow him, as sharks are said to follow a vessel
upon which is sickness and death, for a like pur-
pose, that of seizing their prey.
If you make the payment in money to the In-
dians, the traders are on hand with their trinkets,
toys, spirituos liquors, and other things useless,
or worse than useless, to exchange with them for
their money as soon as it is paid.
I submit to any member m this House whether
this exchange can be so readily made when the
articles which the Indiana receive are cumber-
some in their character, and of such a kind as
would be beneficial fo the Indians in the culti-
vation of their grounds? The traders have no use
for such articles, if we pay them in plows, wag-
ons, and articles of that kind, it is evident the
traders will not bargain for them, for they have
no use for them, find consequently do not want
them. Besides, the Indians would better under-
stand and appreciate the 1 eai value of such articles,
and would not. be so readily tempted to part with
them «3 with money, the value of which they can-
not so readily appreciate.
I regard this bill as one of the most important
which has ever been brought into this House for
the benefit of the Indian tiibes. We have tried
the present system of managing our Indian affairs
long enough to satisfy every man who has tfiven
the least attention to it that it is an absolute failure,
aud that these tiibes are gradually, but certainly,
vanishing; away from the face of the earth. None,
no, not one, will soon be left, if it is still followed,
to tell the tale of their glories or their wrongs.
I object to this whole system of annuities; and
I should be glad to see all our treaties with the In-
dians hereafter negotiate] upon some other basis
than the payment of annuities. 1 should also be
glad if some arrangement could be made by which
all now payable should be extinguished. I would
do away with them entirely. Thtse annuities, as a
general thing, are injurious to them; aud money
annuities are especially so. Instead of advancing
their civilization, they generally operate to retard
it; and I will giveyou my reasons for thin opinion.
You make a treaty with a tribcof Indians, and
pay them in annuities—perhaps half or quaiter
enough for their support—just enough to induce
them to withhold their exertions from industrial
pursuits, yet scarcely enough to keep them from
starvation; a mere bonus for their degradation,
instead of a stimulous fo exertion to improvement
and civilization. I repeat, I should be glad if we
could do a way with these a n unities allo^et her, and
pay them whatever we do pay them for their lands
m the shape of farming utensils, in the shape of
instruction, and m any other way that will have
the effect of improving and elevating them.
The present system has been an enormous tax
upon the Treasury, year after year, and with no
resulting good, and much that has been demoral-
izing and degrading to Indians and whites. Civili-
zation and Chrifitianization has been retarded, not
ad vanced.
There is another principle in the bill whirl) I
regard as of great importance in the relations
wo are hereafter to sustain with this interesting
people—that of giving each a distinct interest in
ins property. 1 regard the adoption of this prin-
ciple as the sheet anchor of his salvation, if there
is to be any solvation for him. It must be obvious
to every one, that we now oiler no inducement for
him to exert himself for his improvement and sup-
port. The idle, the lazy, the drunken and vicious
fare just as well as the industrious one. The
prudent, the sober and worthy, the economical, is
m just as much danger of starvation as the reck-
less and prodigal. So long- as property is held in
common, and individual interests are not recog-
nized among them, there is no stimulus for his
exertions; there is nothing to induce him to exert
himself, either to acquire property, or to retain
what he has acquired, or what the Government
has paid him. All things are m common among
them, and so long as they remain so, there is noth-
ing to encourage, nothing to stimulate, nothing to
reward; no hope for the future. There is no cit-
izenship held out to them by the Government,
no matter how loyal, how worthy, or how civil-
ized and competent for self-government. Always
treat a child as a child, and he will never be-
come a man; always treat a savage as a savage,
and he can never become a civilized man and
a Christian; and so long as the present system
is continued, he will continue lazy, and reckless,
and vicious, as they always have been, and as
their fathers and grandfathers were before them.
But this bill will, irr my judgment, open up a
new era in the history of these people, i believe
it will open up the bright star of their salvation,
and that some portion of this race, now rapidly
passing away, may go down to posterity fit me-
mentoes of the mighty, and, in many respects,
noble race, who once peopled this vast continent
from ocean to ocean.
1 trust this bill, amended as has been indicated
by the gentleman from South Carolina, will be
adopted by the House; with that single exception,
it meets my approval in toto. 1 think it will prove
grateful to the Indians themselves; and I believe
that nothing which has been done by this or any
Congress, will prove of greater honor and credit
to the country, than the passage of this very bill.
Mr. OUR. I do not desire to weary the com-
mittee, but I wish to make one or two remarks m
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] and the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest that the vote
had better be taken first upon the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR. I will give way for that purpose.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I now move to strike out, in
the third paragraph of the bill, all after the word
" territory," as follows:
" Hut the President shall he invested with power to cause
said annuities to be commuted from tune to time tor such
article-* ot goods, pioviMottrt, stock, cuttle, implements ot'
agriculture, the clearing ami fencing ot land, and the erec-
tion ot' building* and oilier improvements a* in hi-? discre-
tion will conduce iiiom to piomote thai coin fori, ci\ili/,LtUon7
and permanent vvolt.iu' "
I do this in order to perfect the paragraph in a
way that may lie satisfactory to the committee.
Mr. HOUS TON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words 44 the clearing and
fencing of land, and the erection of buildings and
other improvements." I desne litst to get rid of
this provision, and therefore ofler the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama is first m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not propose to make
any remarks. What I have already said is suffi-
cient for my purpose.
Mr RICK. A'Jr. Chairman, I wish to say a
few words in reference to the last portion of the
second section. I concur wuh the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] in all that he has said,
excepting his remai ks m relation to Indian traders.
Having myself been one for many years, I will
not here combat his opinion on the subject. I
would now explain to the committee the condition
of the Indians. I have lived among1 them for years.
Most of them live along the brie of the Hritish pos-
sessions, and in a very cold country. Very few
of them have received annuities. They are, so \
far as money and trade are concerned, mere chil-
dren. if money be appropriated for them, I say
that it will be anticipated, every dollar of it, before
it reaches their country. They will cease their
hunts. Their labors willstop,and indolently loung-
ing about the whisky shops, they will anticipate
the receipt of the money to be paid them. If
they can get credit for one dollar, or to the full
amount, or for ten times the amountthey are to re-
ceive, they will take it. When the money reaches
there, of course they will see but little of it; con-
sequently, after the payment they are as poor as
before. Thus they will go on from day to day,
never looking forward for one moment beyond the
next payment.
The object of the clause is to leave the discre-
tion in the hands of the President, or of such
agents as he may appoint, to change their annui-
ties as they progress in civilization. At first we
would r.ot give the Indian hat and kpots; he would
want the money expended in moccasmsand blank-
ets. Next year he would want cloth. The year
after he would want boots and shoes, hats and
coats. He is to be led on step by step, as all past
history has shown us nations are brought from
baibansm to civilization. In a few years he will
want a cow, a yoke of cattle, a house; and this
clause of the bill leaves the power in the proper
authonties to expend the money so as to meet
the necessities of the advancing strides of the sav-
age towards civilization. Therefore I hope that
itwilinotbe stricken out. It maybe amended,
and perhaps profitably amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me ask
the gentleman whether, in his opinion, it would
not be better to pay the annuities to these Indians
without commutation?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Would not the annui-
ties be squandered by the Indians at once, instead
of their receiving something every year?
Mr. RICE. As I understand, the bill proposes
to pay the Indians from time to time, as their
necessities may requiie.
Mr. WASHBURNE. With the gentleman's
permission, he will see that the hill provides that
the President shall be invested with pow er to com-
mute the annuities from time to time, as the
Indiana may desire.
Mr. RICE. That refers to some of the hands
which receive annuities under former treaties.
The bill provides that the annuities shall be re-
ceived according to the necessities of the Indians.
1 will state another objection. Many years ago
treaties were made with the Indians, stipulating
that they should receive certain articles. Those
treaty stipulations cannot be altered, except by the
making of new treaties. Well, as the Indians ad-
vance in civilization, thosearticles become useless
to them, and still hundreds and thousands of dol-
lars woith of goods are taken from the eastern
cities annually at the expense of the Government,
and given to the western tribes. Those goods are
perfectly worthless to the Indian. Me sells them
to the traders forone hundredth or one thousandth
part of what they cost. I have have seen axes
which cost $1 50 apiece m New York, sold for five
cents apiece on the distant plains. They are then
taken by the white traders—"sharks," as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] calls them
—to the settlements, and sold to the white settlers
there. That is the way in which the traders make
theirgreatprofits. Whereas, if the Indians should
receive that which is necessary, and receive it
when they want it, it would be a benefit to them.
If an Indian takes it into hishead that hewillhave
a house built, let the agent build one for him. If
he wants to have a few acres plowed and fenced
—and we all know the Indians cannot do these
things for themselves—put it in the power of the
agent to pursue that policy. This is the only way
in which it can be done; and i hope, for the sake
of the Indians, that this clause will not be stucken
out, for at this very day the Indians are starving
to death in that countiy for want of provisions,
and it is the only thing that can save them. It
c&n be modified, however, so as to make it more
acceptable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will now read the modifi-
cation of the section which I propose. I have
drawn it up hastily.
Mr. ORR. Are we to understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ha\i:n] is pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York will be pending after
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] shall have been disposed of. The
amendment of the gentleman from New York is
to strike out a larger portion of the section than is
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. My amendment will make
the clause read thus:
"But the President shall make treaties with paid In-
dians. changing the present mode of paying annuities so as
to pay s-atd annuities in such goods*, provisions, stock, cat-
tle, cind implements of agriculture, as, m hi-3 discretion,
will conduce most to promote their comfort, civilization,
and permanent welfare : Provided, That lie shall cause re-
ports to be made to Congress of each aud every purclia.-e of
goods made under this provision, giving the character of
goods purchased, the prices paid, aud the parties of whom
purchased.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me say at this point that
I think that is unobjectionable, and the difficulty
grows out of leaving the alternative power in the
hands of the agents to pay or commute. If it is
fixed one way or the other it would be satisfactory
to me.
