1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to increase the appropriation one dollar.
What 1 am about to say wilt relate to the subject
generally rather than to any particular one of these
propositions. I have not seen the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury this year, showing the
collection and disbursement of the hospital fund.
Last year, 1 recollect, £>130,000 was collected out
of the monthly wages of seamen—twenty cents a
month—and the expenditure was just about that
sum. Now there are thirteen thousand seamen m
the State which I in part represent, and yet there is
not a hospital in that State to which they can go to
be taken care of in case of sickness. The nearest is
at Chelsea, Massachusetts, and it is always found
to be crowded. Allusion has been made to the
cost of supporting each seaman in hospital. Well,
it is true that if you build a hospital, and provide
it vriih a proper staff of officers and nurses, the
fewer the number of sick seamen there, the greater
will be the expense of each per week; but if, un-
fortunately, any epidemic prevails by which the
number is swollen, it then becomes cheaper. The
attention of the Committee on Commerce has been
particularly called to this subject, by the sickness
which prevailed in the Gulf last season. I would
say to the gentleman from Alabama that this is
not a question of dollars and cents only. Seamen,
when attacked with infectious diseases, cannot be
taken into private houses.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misappre-
hends me entirely. I do not wish to curtail the com-
forts of sick seamen at ail, and my whole remarks
showed it.
Mr. FULLER. Then I stand corrected. I do
not wish to do any injustice to the gentleman's
argument. 1 merely want to illustrate the neces-
sity and importance of having houses of refuge
to provide for a class of men who are peculiarly
subject to epidemic when it prevails, as it did last
season upon the Mississippi and its tributaries.
I say that when the Government exacts from the
wasres of these men a tax for this very purpose,
itis'boundjby every principle of justice, to provide,
at convenient points, comfortable hospitals for
their accommodation.
Mr. HIBBARD. I did not mean to be under-
stood that I was against ail these appropriations
for marine hospitals. Far from it. At the hos-
pital at New Orleans they have one hundred and
eighteen patients, on an average; at Mobile, the
number is twenty-seven. It would seem of doubt-
ful propriety to have two so near each other as
those of New Orleans and Mobile.
Mr. HOUSTON. They ask none at Mobile.
Mr. HIBBARD. At Chelsea the number is
®'gbty-seven. I would make no contest about
that. At Louisville the number is forty-three.
At some points on the Ohio river there should be
some of these institutions; and I would not make
any contest about that. As to the locality of
Cleveland, my remarks may not particularly ap-
ply. I am not prepaied to say that I would op-
pose that; but for such institutions as those at Key
West, Vicksburg, and others—and I must add
the marine hospital m theOid Dominion, which has
only ten patients—it seems doubtful whether we
should renew the appropriations.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move to reduce the appro-
priation two dollars; and 1 do it with a view of
submitting a remark or two, to prevent prejudice
against certain measures I have to urge upon this
Congress. I know very little of the merits of the
proposition immediately before the committee;
but I have been struck with this remarkable fact,
in the suggestions which ha\e been submitted, |
that gentlemen seem to confine their arguments j
on this subject to the fact, that at this or thntj
place there 'is a larger or a smaller number oi
patients. Now, I submit to gentlemen, as men
who have the instincts ot humanity within then
breasts, whether it is l^ot as important t.iat
oi.ie sick i!iin should he attended as that one hun-
dred should be attended? And if it be true that
at Key West, in the State ot Florida, because of
the unusual good health during the past season,
there has been only an average of five patients per
week, whether tlnu should lie a reason why ob-
jection should be made against (he hospital^ here,
or at any point along the Floiida coa<t : Those
five sick "men require tieatment, requite the Hindi y
offices of the Government, just as much as five
hundred or five thousand who may have been car-
ried into hospitals at other points of this Union.
Let me say, in reference to that portion of
country which has been so often referred to here,
in terms injurious to their interests, that when
Florida asks (and the remark is true in regard to
the points on the Gulf"coast)—when they ask ap-
propriations for marine hospitals, they ask not
that which is for their own benefit as much as for
the benefit of citizens of other States—particularly
of seamen who come to us from the northern
States. Tiiey have no seamen; but they ask that
those who come to their ports, engaged in the com-
merce of the country, shall be attended when they
are sick, as is the case elsewhere; not as citizens
of that section, but because they are men who are
the average for the year. The whole year is
taken—the time when there are many patients,
and the time when there are few. This gives the
average number of patients for the year; and the
object of this table was not to show that there
were only five patients at Key West, or that there
were many or few in any other point; it was to
show that the manner in which they are appro-*
priating and expending money on these public
buildings is unprecedented and unnecessary; that
it is a waste of money which does not redound
either to the comfort or convenience of the sick
seamen It shows, at least, that at all points
where the Government can use the instrumentality
of private establishments, it is necessary that it
should do so; and this leads to economy, as well
entitled to the humane consideration of a Govern- ii as to the convenience and comfort of the seamen.
ment which has undertaken to provide for those
i encountering the difficulties and hardships which
seamen undergo. Sir, if it be right that aid should
be given by the Government at a point where there
were five hundred sick men per week, it is right
that there should be aid given where there are but
five sick per week.
I have submitted these remarks, not knowing
anything of the proposition immediately before
the committee, wilh a view to draw the attention
of its members to the fact that the aigument pre-
sented on tins subject was defective, in directing
the mind to-the greater or lesser number of men
sick at particular points; and therefore not avail-
able to stiike down measuies coming within the
reason of the policy, although they may not be
called for by the numerical necessity demanding
such measure? at other favored points. This pre-
sents no criterion, as will be seen when it is re-
membered that some seasons are more afflicted
with disease and epidemics than others. Thus
much for the present; and 1 will have occasion to
say more when the bills for hospitals at St. j\lark s
and Appalachtcola come up for consideration. 1
should have said nothing but for remarks made
which may tend to prejudice those applications.
Mr. PULLER, (interrupting.) 1 would like
to ask the gentleman from Florida a question. If
the season be healthy, the patients may be few: but
if there be an epidemic, would they not be very
Mr. MAXWELL. Yes, sir; and that is a re-
mark which must be made with respect to the
southern coast. When there is no epidemic, there
may be few patients; but when tlieie is one, then
the hospitals are crowded. Key West was for-
tunately exempt from the epidemic in the past
season. It la one of those things which we can
thank God for during this season; but at another
season we might not have the fortune to be able
to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I did not in-
tend to say anything more on the subject of these
marine hospitals. I have no doubt about their
passing; but I think the gentleman from Florida, 'j
[Mr. Maxwell]—and Thope he did it uninten- ;
tionally—lias placed me in his reference to what I jj
said, in a false position. |l
I did not make my opposition to these appro-
priations because I desired to curtail the comforts |j
and convenience of the sick seamen. I did not j|
desire to have these appropriations resisted be- .■
cause I was inattentive to that class of our fellow- j!
citizens, but because I believed that this was a Jj
waste of money, anil did them no good. I do not j
mean to say that it is a waste of money to build jj
houses for them; on the contiary, 1 think it is;'
proper and right this should be done. But ! would
like to ask gentlemen in this House who under- ;i
stand, and who have reflected on this subject—
that is, on the building of houses for purposes of j
this sort—I would like to ask them whether it is ;
necessary to appropriate f>100,000 or $80,000 to ,j
an hospital m Cleveland, or in any other of the
points spoken of in this report'- My friend [Mr. j
Ashe] says he would take §16,000 for them: and j
that is about the point; and the opposition I make i
I is not to the building of houses; lc is not that they j
' ou^ht to be dispensed with—any of them—but it j
j is that we ought to use proper economy m their
building; and unless we do that, it would be as !
well to give it up entirely. j
Now, sir, it will not do for gentlemen to say j
thiit there are a great many patients in the hospi- i
tal at one season, and very few at another, when
i they are reduced to the average of five. Why, if i
: gentlemen look at this table, they will find it is I
It is for economy that we should use private estab-
lishments when that can be done.
1 am not making opposition to any of these, as
existing establishments; I am not making opposi-
tion which would resist appropriations necessary
to finish them, in order to promote the comfort of
the seamen. Not at all. They are now in a con-
dition to afford that convenience and comfort
which the seamen are entitled to have.; which I
am at all times, and have ever been, willing to give
them.
Thegentleman [Mr. Maxwell] says, however,
that if there is one sick seamen he ought to be
cared for as well as if there were a hundred.
That is all true, sir. One sick man requires to be
attended to just as well as that man would if he
were one of a class of a thousand. But then I
reckon gentlemen will hardly argue that a hundred
thousand dollars ought to be appropriated to build
a house for that one.
I am not going to curtail one sick seaman's
comfort. I am not proposing that we should not
take care of him, as well as a thousand. But I
do not want to appropriate a hundred thousand
dollars for his use, because we can take that
money, and with the interest of it, care for him,
nurse him, and administer to his wants, ten times
as well under the present system.
I do not propose to say anything further, but I
do hope that some gentleman will propose in one
amendment, for all these marine hospitals, and let
them pass all at once, if they must pass. I have
no idea that we shall defeat them, and therefore !
desire that those of them which are contained in
the estimates of the Secretary may be embraced in
one amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
the suggestion which has been made by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means, in regard to the manner in which these
proposed amendments shall be voted upon. I
think the committee can vote upon the whole of
them together as well as upon the separate items.
I rise for the purpose of offering an amendment,
to cover a recommendation of the Secretary, in
regard to an appropriation for the completion of a
marine hospital at Chicago. I do it for the rea-
son that the gentleman who represents that dis-
trict is absent.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For tin1 construction of stone steps and railing to tlie
hospital ill Chicago, Illinois, and for gradirn; tin- arouiids,
ami ini-I()Mn« the site of trial lio-tpital with a suitable iron
fence, in accordance with the recommendation ot the Sec-
letarv, $8,000.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I propose to offer an
amendment to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I accept of the gentle-
man's amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For completing the maiine hospital at Vicksbuig,
.$*>,(■00.
Mr. LATHAM offered the following amend-
ment:
For inclosme and dmming the site, and for necessaiy
out tiuildinesot the marine hospital at San francibco, Call-
tonua, £44,000. . ~ ,
The CHA.IRMAN. The amendments onered
will be read altogether. _ . __j._
VTr SKEI.TON. I rise to a point of oidei.
1 would inquire of the Chair if it is not compe-
tent for any member of this committee to demand
a separate vote upon each amendment? They
embrace very different kinds of propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ask
for a separate vote ?
I Mr. SKELTON. 1 do.
I Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order,
