1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I saw that very difficulty
myself, that it would put it in the power of the
agents to commute without any particulnr super-
visory power on the part of the head of the De-
partment. I propose to modify this clause of the
bill so as to make it substantially as I have read it.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ORR. I will state to the committee very
briefly the reasons that influenced the Committee
on Indian Affairs in reporting the bill in the shape
in which it presents itself here. By examining the
seventh and eighth lines of the bill, it will be found
that the " treaties shall contain the following pro-
visions, and such others as may be requisite and
proper to carry the same into effect." In the
forty-seventh line of the same section, it is pro-
vided that: "The President shall have power to
prescribe and enforce such rules and regulations,
not inconsistent with the foregoing provisions, as
he may deem necessary for the effectual execution
of the purposes of this act, which said rules and
regulations shall be annually reported to Con-
Tile bill also extends to the mixed bloods
among the Chippewa nation. Many of them are
intelligent. Many of them may have some property
They are as much entitled to the benefit of the pro-
visions of this bill as the Indians themselves. These
personsarecapable of managing for themselves. If
you makethe payment to them in money, they will,
perhaps, dispense it as judiciously as any white
man would. The committee reported the clause
in its present shape, leaving it an alternative with
the President, in the expectation that the Presi-
dent would instruct his agents to pay a certain
amount to certain Indians in annuities from year
to year, and, to those who are capable of mana-
ging for themselves, to make the payments di-
rectly in money. That was the object the com-
mittee had in view in reporting the bill in its pres-
ent shape. If it be more satisfactory, I have no
especial objection to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Alabama, although it will defeat the
object which the committee had 111 view in allow-
ing the President to make the payment of annui-
ties in money to those who are competent to man-
age for themselves; yet a large proportion of the
payments to be made, as provided in this bill, will
still be made, as the committee desire, in goods,
implements of agriculture, &c., &c. I have no
doubt that many frauds have been perpetrated
upon the Indians, and I doubt not that they will
continue to be perpetrated. Wherever you have
public money dispensed, you find that frauds are
committed. It is out of the question that you can
have honest agents all the time, especially when
they are removed fifteen hundred and two thou-
sand miles from the seat of Government.
Many agents, who have been ill the service of
the Government for a quarter of a century at least,
have lived lives of integrity, and have preserved
unimpeached their character and reputation for
honesty. It is our duty, however, to guard the
Indians as effectually as possible against the com-
mission of frauds upon them by those who are
not honest.
The object which the committee had in view,
was to protect the Indians from the impositions
which might be praticed upon them by traders,
and by persons settling in their midst; or, in other
words, the " sharks" which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Dunham] so well described. The
committee desire that the Indians shall get the full
benefit of everything designed to be paid them by
the Government. If all the money which has
been appropriated by the Government for the ben-
efit of the Indians had been faithfully applied, we
should have heard of none of this difficulty and
suffering among them; and the Chippewas, even,
to whom the Delegate from Minnesota [Mr. Rice]
has referred, as having been in a starving condi-
tion, many of them, in the cold and inclement re-
gion in which they were located, would have been
relieved of much of their suffering.
The committee are anxious that the bill should
be passed in such a shape as will give the Indians
the greatest protection possible. I desire, how-
ever that the bill should not be weakened or im-
paired in its efficiency. I will not interpose, for
a single moment, the slightest objection to any
amendment the object of which is to guard and
protect the Indians from fraud and imposition. If
the committee think that the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] should
be adopted, I will interpose no objection, although
I would prefer that the bill should retain the shape
in which it was recommended by the Committee
on Indian Affairs. If a majority of the Commit-
tee of the Whole are opposed to the bill in its
original shape, I will cheerfully acquiesce in their
decision in regard to the proposed modification,
believing that it will not materially impair the
efficiency of the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] proposes to strike out
the latter part of the second section of the bill.
As I understand this bill, the object proposed
by the committee m reporting it, was to make
an experiment—a new experiment—in civiliz-
ing these wild tribes of Indians, of which the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] has spoken.
The great difficulty which presented itself to the
mind of the committee, was stated to the House
by the chairman, [Mr. Orb.] Now, with refer-
ence to the character of the proposition to which
objection has been made, we have been told by
thegentleman from Minnesota that these Indians
are wandering tribes; that they are children, as it
were, in the management of all their affairs. If
this be true, Mr. Chairman, and we can have no
doubt of it, then it shows the very great necessity
there is for voting down the amendment which the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] has pro-
posed, namely: to strike out the latter portion of
this second section. If the object of this bill be to
civilize these Indians, to prevent their wandering
from place to place, and to get them to settle down
in this Territory among the citizens; if this, I
say, be the object of the bill, then, as a matter of
course, it is important to retain the provision, in
order that they may be induced to settle down,
and each individual Indian may know his home.
It is desirable to have a cabin erected for him,
and to supply him with food, clothing, and other
necessaries that will add to his own comfort and
to that of his family; and to afford him the means
at the same time to improve himself in agricultu-
ral pursuits. As a matter of course, inducements
should be held out by the Government, in order
that the Indian may be induced to come under
this mode of civilization.
Mr. Chairman, this is quite a new proposition,
as has been stated to the House; and it seems to
me that great discretion and latitude ought to be
given to the Government and iis officers, for the
purpose of testing the applicability of this propo-
sition. It is impossible for this House now, in a
new proposition of such a character as this, to
make a bill perfect in itself, by which to carry it
out. It is almost impossible to do it. Asl before
remarked, the committee had great difficulty in
forming this second section of the bill, in order to
meet theexigencies which mightarise. And, Mr.
Chairman, I agree with the gentlemen who have
addressed the committee, heretofore, with refer-
ence to the impossibility—yes, sir, the impossi-
bility—of guarding these Indians from the frauds
and speculations that are being daily practiced
upon them. The practice of paying in money
those Indians which ore in the same condition as
those immediately affected by this bill, should be
abandoned. If you place in their power the means
' of subsistence; if you give them provisions; if you
give them such goods as are necessary for their
wear, and give them agricultural implements, and
build houses for them and lay out their grounds,
then they may improve themselves in agriculture.
This provision is the only thing that could be
placed in this bill to enable the Government to ex-
ercise proper controlling influence over them, in
order to civilize them. They are a wandering
tribe; and in testing this experiment, the Presi-
dent, or the officials who may be appointed by
the President for the purpose of testing this new
system, should have a discretionary power vested
in them, such as is proposed by the second section
of this bill. If it be necessary for the comfort of
these Indians to furnish them with articles of food,
certainly it can be done. If provisions be required
to add to their comfort, and to save them from
starving, let them be procured for them. Let im-
plements of husbandry also be furnished to them
to enable them to till their grounds. If, for the
purpose of improving their agriculture, it is neces-
sary to procure them a plow, or a hoe, or any-
thing of that kind, let the agent provide it for
them.
Sir, I think there is great objection to striking out
the provision which is proposed to be stricken out
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr'. Houston.]
It is, in my estimation, the most important pro-
vision in the bill. If you desire to.succeed in an
endeavor to make citizens of them, by civilizing
them, give them houses. It seems to me it is the
most humane provision contained in the entire
bill; and inasmuch as it is an experiment merely,
I trust that the provision will be retained by the
committee.
I know you cannot frame a bill perfect in all its
parts, at the beginning. I have no doubt, how-
ever, that in a year or two, if this bill shall become
a law, Congress will be called upon to make dif-
ferent provisions; anticipating, therefore, such a
result, you must give the President and agents
discretion, in order to meet all the difficulties -
which may arise in the conditions and wants of
the Indians.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] may be read again; for,if I understand
it, ( desire to offer an amendment to it.
The amendment was accordingly again read,
as hereinbefore inserted.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the words "imple-
ments of agriculture," the words, " the clearing and
fencing of land, and the erection of buildings and
other improvements;" so that his amendment, if
adopted, shalf be substantially like the provision
originally reggrted by the committee, with the ex-
ception that there shall be no discretion whether
the sum shall be paid in money, or by commuta-
tion in these articles; but that the bill shall specif-
ically provide that it shall be paid in those articles.
1 think it is as necessary and as important that a
provision should be made for the payment of the
treaty stipulation in this way, as in reference to
any of the other specific articles. 1 think it will
tend as clearly and directly to the civilization of
the Indians, if not more so, than the provision for
the payment of stock, cattle, implements, &c. I
think the Indians would be much more likely to
have dwelling houses, to have fields cleared and
fenced, and to have all the improvement of civili-
zation—if a provision is made by which they shall
be supplied to them—than if we made no such
provision. 1 hope my amendment will beadopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The words which the gen-
tleman from Maine proposes to insert is one of
the most objectionable features in the bill, and that
provision is'all that I get clear of by my amend-
ment, or propose to get clear of. I propose, in
my amendment, to get rid of that part of the
amendment providing for the clearing and fencing
of land, and the erection of buildings.
No gentleman upon this floor who has observed
our intercouse with, and relations to, the various
tribes oflndians, can for a moment controvert what
I say, and that is, that at all times it is the most
difficult thing in the world to have our agents deal
fairly with the Indians—I mean our agents, and
everybody who makes treaties witli them—and at
the same time make our laws operate upon them
with fairness and equality. If, then, we can avoid
that sort of relationship towards the Indians,
which will give rise to frauds of this sort, I think
we ought, upon principles of justice and morality,
to do it.
Now, sir, I ask gentlemen to look for a moment
at what would be done, if a requisition of this sort
were made upon the President. Suppose it
should become necessary for the President to have
lands for fifty, one hundred, or one hundred and
fifty Indians cleared, he must findmeans for the
building of fences, the erection of houses, and the
clearing of the lands; and how is he to dn itHe
invests the Indian agent with power. The agent
is compelled to employ A, B, and C to go upon
the lands, clear them, and build the fences, &c.
Sir, I tell the committee that it will result in the
introduction of a horde of others to fleece those
Indians, who, under your present laws, are kept
out of their country. That will be the result. I
would much prefer that the Indians themselves
should be left to assist by their own labor in this
work; and I repeat, that if this provision be
adopted.it will send a horde of people to that Ter-
ritory to fleece the Indians worse than they are
now fleeced by the traders against whom we hear
so much complaint.
Now, sir, I trust we shall pay these annuities. If
the com mittee prefer it, let a part be paid in money;
