1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May J,
but let us pay these annuities ptincipally in goods,
in provisions, in stock, in cattle, in implements of
agriculture, m tools, and in whatever the Indians
may need for their subsistence and comfort; and
then let us rely upon them to clear the land, and
build their houses m part by their own labor.
It seems to me that, if, after giving the Indians
the land, the Government is to clear them, to fence
them, and to build houses, it will resultin its being
obliged to cultivate them also. If the Indians will
not assist in these matters by their own labor,
they will not be likely to cultivate the lands.
But, suppose the President undertakes to have
this work executed, and the agent employs A, B,
and C to do the work, who is to superintend these
men? Who is to see that they do full days* work ?
Who is to see that they cut the rails the right
length, split them properly, and build them into
fence in a proper manner? Who is to see that
the houses are built in a substantial and work-
manlike manner? Sir, by adopting this provision,
you will open an avenue for more injustice to be
perpetiated upon these Indians than is done under
the present system ? Let us, as far as possible,
simplify our dealings with these Indians, and
thereby relieve them from the hordes of people
whose object it is to fleece them out of whatever
they receive fiom the Government. Let us pny
their annuities to them in provisions, in stock, and
in implements of husbandry and agriculture. In
that way they will be much less likely to have
their annuities taken from them by the tiadeis
th.m ll'ihey come to them in money*
Mr. Chairman, I have nothing to say against
the traders. Theyaie there for the purpose of
making money. If we could so regulate our in-
tercom se with the Indian tubes as to do away
with the necessity of traders going among them
at all; if the furnishing of their supplies could be
carried on entirely by the Government agents,
who live among them, and who receive legular
snlmes from the Government; if ihey could re-
ceive their goods and provisions, and distribute
them, it would save the Indians immense sums of
money, which would otherwise be lost to them,and
tend very much to promote their civilization and
happiness.
If you adopt this provision, you will, in my
judgment, accomplish the very thing which all of
us wish toa\oid. If you insist upon providing
for clearing their lands, building their fences, build- j
ing their houses, and plowing their fields—and
gentlemen will observe that the words and other
improvements" which the clause contains, will
eiiibrnce plowing their fields, and whatever the
au'hoiities may choose to consider improvements
— I say, if you pass this provision, you will, in
mv jnd^nu'iit, involve' the Government in greater
difficulties than were ever witnessed in the whole
comse of our fmitan intercourse You will never
be able to execute in good faith, to their satisfac-
tion, our treaties with them. I therefore hope
that my amendment will be adopted, and that the
clause will be stricken out.
Mr. RICE. I will say a few words in reply to
the gentleman from Alabama. 1 must confess that
I feel a deep interest m this bill; more profound
than that I have for any other measure before this
body. \ know the whole of the people for whom
it is designed. I have spent years among them.
I ha\e hunted, fed, and starved, almost, with
them.
Ho speaks of traders. Traders' traders! Indian
traders! Their names ha\o been howled from one
end of the country to the other, in Congress and
out of if. Now, the piopOMtion under considera-
tion ptovides a remedy for the gentleman's objec-
tions. Under the existing treaties, the Indians are
paid annually and semi-annually. If an Indinn
wants a favor, no matter of what kind, he is com-
pelled to go to his trader. The trader, indeed, is
now the only man who can afford him relief. He
alfordsit, but as payment is doubtful, lie must sell
at a large profit. Then, the proper course should be
to pass a bill, to throw the Indians on the Gov-
ernment. Under this bill, if an Indian wants a
favor, to whurn is he to go ? He will not go to his
trader. No; he is independent of him. He will
go to the agent. He will go to the man who has
been sent there to provide for his wants. lie will i
go 'n the man who ought to have influence over !
the Indians. He will go to the man whose only J
aim, it is presumed, is the improvement of the I
condition of the Indians. The bill takes the In-1
dians completely out of the influence of the tra-
ders.
Let me give an illustration to the gentleman
from Alabama. Here is an Indian who has here-
tofore lived in a wigwam, and now takes it into
his head that he would like to reside in a house.
A beautiful piece of ground is selected, and the
Government gives him title to eighty acres. He
now wants a house built, a few acres of ground
plowed and fenced, that he may be sowing some-
thing for his support during the coming winter.
This bill leaves it within the power of the agent
to build the house, to break and fence the land,
and to furnish the Indian with seeds and imple-
ments of agriculture.
The gentleman is mistaken in another of his
objections. Contracts by existing Indian regula-
tions stand thus: If the Indians desire to have
them changed, the agents are compelled to submit
the proposed changes to the department. If the
department approves them they are sent back to
the agents, and they advertise throughout the
country that they wantso many buildings of such
and such dimensions built, so many acres broken
and fenced; and if you will look at the records of
the Indian Department, you will find that improve-
ments have been made by agents under this sys-
tem cheaper than citizens would have been enabled
to make them.
The object of the bill is to take the influence
from the tradei, and to throw H into the hands of
the Government, where it belongs. It provides for
the Indian according to his necessities, it gives
discretion to the President, or his agents, to change
the articles to be furnished as the Indians progress
toward civilization. We see adveitisements in
the newspapers for §300,000 or §400,000 worth
of goods. Merchants of New York and Phila-
delphia send in their bids and samples, and, after
examination by the Department, coutiacis are
made. You send to the Indians of Florida the
same kind of goods that you send to the Indians
of the far north. They are useless to those of one
section or the other, and to perhaps both.
15ut the proposed system allows the Indians,
whenever they assemble, to say to their agent:
our next year's annuities will amount to so much;
we want so many cattle, so much expended in
breaking land, so much m building houses, and
so much in buying agricultural implements; the
specification is then to be sent heie, and, under
that specification, the contracts are to be made.
Mr. SKELTON. I have been much gratified
by the discussion thus far upon this bill, and like-
wise with the provisions of the bill itself. But
before the vote is taken, I desire to say a few
words with regard to that poition of it which is
proposed to be stricken out.
The alteration proposed to be made by the hon-
orable member from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
would, m my opinion, strike out the most valua-
ble part of the bill; that pari of it which, in my
estimation, is of more importance and value, and
better calculated to promote the civilization of the
Indians, than any other.
We hear complaints here that the Indians are
wronged. As to that matter, I have no knowl-
edge; but if it be the case, we should give to the
Indian those things which cannot be taken away
from hmi; and this very clause which the gentle-
man from Alabama proposes to strike out, includes
the articles which cannot be taken away from
him. It secures to him, m the first place, eighty
aciesof land inalienable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I don't propose to touch
that.
Mr. SKELTON". I know that; but the land is
to be inalienable, and the clearing, fencing, and
buildings on the land remain with the land, of
course, and are, therefore, also inalienable; and
those articles are the only articles that the Indian
is not allowed to dispose of to traders, and that
there is no possibility of his being cheated in. So
much, then, for that part of the aigument which
contemplates that the Indian will be wronged out
of that which is his just due.
But the object of this bill appears to be to pro-
mote the civilization of the Indians, and in that
particular it meets with my hearty cooperation
and support; and the very argument which the
gentleman from Alabama has adduced as an ob-
jection to this section of the bill, is to my mind
one of the strongest arguments m its favor. He
says that by it you will draw white men among
the Indians, and he wants to keep white men
away from the Indians. Now, I take it for
granted that the object of this bill is to assimilate
the Indian with the white man, to lead him forward
by the force of example in the path of civilization
and virtue. Now, we all know that these Indians
are uncultivated, have no knowledge of the me-
chanic arts, and are unable even to build their
own houses, or construct their fences. How
shall you teach them those useful arts? Can you
teach them in any other way than by sending
among them men who understand those arts?
Certainly not. Sir, whenever you want to civi-
lize people, to lead them into the path of virtue
and sobriety, the best means of accomplishing that
reform is to present before them example. Ex-
ample is infinitely more powerful in everything
that tends to progiess and improvement than
precept can be. It is for that reason thot I hope
this provision of the bill which relates to the cul-
tivation of the lands, to the building of houses,
and the erection of fences, will be retained; first,
i because it gives the Indians substantial benefits,
1 which cannot be taken away from them; and,
: secondly, because it introduces among them men
j who will teach them, by the force of example,
| lessons of civilization and art. I hope that this
feature of the bill will be retained as one of the
most impoitant provisions in it.
Mr. IIUNT. I should like to understand this
matter. I would inquire what the effect of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] would be.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] proposes to strike out, and
insert what has already been read by the Clerk.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
submitted an amendment to inseit in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama the words,
" clearing and fencing of grounds, the election of
buildings, and other improvements."
The question was then taken on Mr. Wash-
burn's amendment; and it was rejected.
The question then recuriing on Mr. Houston's
amendment, it was taken; and, upon division,
there being only 20 voting in the affirmative, the
amendment was rejected.
The fourth section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
"Fourth. The laws «f the United Stales and the Terri-
tory ol Minnesota shall be extended over the Chippewa tf r-
ritoiy whenever the same may be ceded, and the ^atno shall
eea-e to be ' Indian country,' except that the lands reserved
to said Indians, or other pioppriy owned by thein, shall ho
exempt from taxation and execution, and that the act passed
.'tilth Juno, 18:U,1 to regulate nadc and intercourse vviih the
lndum ti ihes,' Sec., be inoperative over the said c  ded ter-
ntoiy, except the twentieth section, which prohibits the
introduction and sate of rpintuous liquor?* to Indian^
Mr. ORR. There is a verbal amendment which
ought to be made in the thirty-seventh line. I
move to insert after the words " Chippewa terri-
tory" the words "in said Territory of Minne-
sota. "
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to pro-
pound to the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Our] a question. It is this: I find that the fourth
clause of the bill before us says that the act passed
on the 30th of June, 1834, to regulate trade and
intercourse with the Indians," &c., shall become
inopeiative. I desire to know what is the effect
of that act, and what are its contents?
Mr. ORJi. The act of 30th of June, 1834, re-
ferred to, is the act known as thp Indinn inter-
course act. There are some twenty sections which
prescribe the manner in which trade and intercourse
shall be carried on in all the Indian territory,
which confine the right of trading to the Indians
themselves, and the citizens of the United States
within their territory. We propose now to repeal
all the sections of that act except the twentieth
section in regard to this territory.
The CHAIRMAN". If there are no further
amendments to be proposed to the section just
read, the bill will now he laid aside 
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) I propose an
amendment to the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York send in his proposition as an additional
section to the bill, or merely as an amendment to
the first section of it?
Mr. WALSH. I propose it as an amendment
to the first section.
