1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in those
amendments.
The question was taken; and the sixty-third,
sixty-fourth, sixty-fifth, and sixty-sixth amend-
ments were severally concurred in.
Sixty-seventh amendment:
Pa«e forty-five ; at the end of the seventh line of the
second section add the following words:
Or to prohibit the payment of any claim or claims (other
than those of agents or attorneys lor claims) for bona Jidc
services rendered to any Indian tribe, in cases where the
President may adjudge such service necessary, and the
claim or claims therefor just and reasonable.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-eighth amendment;
For defraying the expensed of continuing the removal
and subsistence of Indians in California, three military res-
ervations, in accordance with the plan submitted by the
superintendent ot Indian affairs of that Stat**, and approved
by the President, the .-urn of $200,000 : Provided, That no
portion of this amount shall be paid over to the present su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, until he shall account satis- ;
iactonlv for the amount already drawn by him out of for- '
mer appropriations. And that, hereafter, no more than 1
$20,000 shall be drawn by the said superintendent, or be in t
Ins hands unexpended at one and the &ame tune: Jind pro ,
vided, Tin- cub-ajrents created by this act shall be appointed '
by the superintendent, subject to confirmation by the Sec- !
retaryof the Interior, riot to exceed one for each reserva-
tion, nor three in all, said reservations to contain not less 1
than five nor more than ten thousand acres; and the said
superintendent is authorized to apply, out of the sum here-
by appropriated, not exceeding $25,0U0, in the extinguish-
ment of conflicting titles and rights to said reserved lands
at a price not exceeding $L 25 per acre, for a valid and in-
defeasible title to the land purchased: Jliul provided,
The Slate of California shall cede ihe necessary jurisdic-
tion in such eases with regard to the land so purchased.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I wish to ask a
question of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I wantto know why the pro-
viso in that clause was inserted? I refer to the
proviso which reads as follows:
{t Provided, That no portion of the amount shall be paid
over to the present superintendent of Indian affairs until
be shall account satisfactorily for the amount already drawn
by him out of former appropriations."
What is the necessity of that proviso?
Mr. HOUSTON. I was just going to explain
itJ^i he Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in that amendment of the Sen-
ate, with an amendment, which is to strikeout the
proviso to which the gentleman from New York
has referred, leaving in the word " provided,"
however, and excluding the word " appropria-
tions."
At the time the Senate acted upon this bill, and
amended it by the phraseology which is now be-
fore the committee, Lieutenant Reale was super-
intendent of lndianaffairs in California. For some
cause or other, the Senate saw fit—and I believe
it was from the fact that his accounts had not been
rendered, and no settlement had taken place be-
tween him and the Department for large amounts
of money which had been disbursed by him for
many months—I say, the Senate saw fit to put in
that proviso for the purpose of keeping money out
of his hands until he had made a settlement with
the Department for the amounts of money which
he previously had drawn and disbursed.
Before, however, the Committee of Ways and
Means acted upon the Senate amendment, Lieu-
tenant Beale was removed from the supenntend-
ency of Indian affairs in California, and another
gentleman appointed in his place. The com-
mittee, therefore, as the reason which induced the
Senate to introduce the proviso in question does
no longer exist, recommend that the proviso be
striken out, and the amendment otherwise con-
curred in. The word "said," in the twenty-
second line, before the word "superintendent"
must, of course, be stricken out, to make the
language conform to the clause when the proviso
is stricken out.
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The-Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
For general incidental expenses of the Indian servicein
California, embracing expenses of travel of the superin-
tendent and agent, &c., §25,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventieth amendment:
For payment to David Carter, as an emigrant, of the
amount of his improvements, valued under the treaty with
the Cherokees m 1828,in pursuance of the sixth article
thereof, $2,626 50.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment:
For payment to A. V. Brown and others, Chickasaw
trader*, for random of George W. and Meredith Wilson
from the Camanche Indians, and to reward the services of
persons engaged in that service, $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment:
To enable the President to negotiate a treaty with the
Indians m Michigan, and to change the terms of existing
treaties, $10,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-third amendment:
For a clerk to the superintendent of Indian affairs in the
Terntory of Washington, $1,800 ; and for a clerk to the
superintendent of Indian aftatrs in the Territory of New
Mexico, $1,000; to be allowed m the discretion ot the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment. We did not believe these clerks were
necessary for these Governors.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the House will not
strike out that amendment. 1 speak particularly
with regard to the Territory of Washington,
where I know it is very necessary the Governor
should have a clerk. I do not know so with refer-
ence to New Mexico, but I understand the same
assistance is needed there. I hope the House will
sustain the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope not.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fourth amendment:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted. That the President be
authorized, by and wit!) the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint a superintendent of Indian affairs for the
Territory ot Utah, who shall receive an annual salary of
$2,000, and whose duty it aliall be to exerci.-e a general
superintendence over all the Indian tribes in Utah, arid to
exercise and perform all the powers and duties assigned by
law to other superintendent* of Indian affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a word to say in ref-
erence to this amendment, and if any membefs of
the Committee of Ways and Means are present,
I desire their attention. The amendment proposes
to separate the offices of Governor and super-
intendent of Indian affairs in the Territory of
Utah. The Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended a non-concurrence m the amend-
ment of the Senate, and that is the reason why 1
desired the ear of the members of that committee.
I confess that my judgment is for a concur-
rence with the Senate in the amendment. And
my opinions are formed from the fact that the pe-
culiar institutions which prevail in Utah are all of
a character that should induce us to separate these
important offices. I believe it to be the duty of
the Government to take care of the Indians better
than they will be taken care of by the Governor
of Utah Territory.
I am opposed to separating the offices in the
other Territories, but 1 believe that in Utah it
should be done. The Committee of Ways and
Means, however, think otherwise.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will not
concur in the amendment of the Senate. I am
opposed to duplicating these offices in the Terri-
tories. The salary of the Governor of Utah was
raised to $3,000, for the very reason that he per-
forms the duties of both the offices which you
now seek to separate. I am opposed to making
any distinction between Utah and the other Terri-
tories.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means what
peculiar institutions exist in Utah to which he
i refers?
Mr. HOUSTON. I refer the gentleman from
New York to a debate which took place a month
or six weeks ago upon a motion of my colleague
over the way [Mr. Cobb] in reference the dis-
position of the public lands in Utah.
Mr. WALSH. That is a very obscure way
of ansv. enng my question.
Mr. HOUSTON. That debate brings the whole
matter up. •
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Independent of the
objection of polygamy, there is another objection
which should induce us to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate. The Governor of the Terri-
tory, who is now the superintendent of Indian
affairs,is openly hostile to the whole race of In-
dians. I hope the amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in. I think it itdue to the Indians'
of that Territory that we should concur in it.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I hope the amendment of
the Senate will be non-concurred in. The Gov-
ernor of Utah has discharged his duties as super-
intendent of Indian affairs in a very able manner.
He is a father to the Indians. [Roars of laughter.]
Since he has been Governor, he has uniformly
practised kindness to the Indians. I hope that
the House will non-concur in the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say a woni. The
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office are pressing and urgent on
this subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs are anxious that the superintendency of In-
dian affairs should, in all cases, be separated from
the office of Governor. If you set the precedent
in this case, the change will be made in all the
other Territories. This is the first step*to dupli-
cate the offices in ail the Territories. I hope the
amendment may be non-concurred in.
If there be anything peculiar in Utah Territory
why the superintendency of Indian affairs there
should be separated in consequence of the present
incumbent exercising both offices, the President of
' the United States and the Senate can correct it by
appointing; somebody else.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment.'
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so much of the
act to establish the territorial government of Utah, approved
the 9th of September, 1850, as requires the Governor of said
Territory to perform the duties of superintendent of fndiau
affairs, and authorizes him to receive a salary therefor, in
addition to the salary allowed for lus services as Governor,
be repealed, and that the Governor of said Territoiy shall
hereafter receive an annual salary of $2,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
i Seventy-sixth amendment:
i Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That ttic President be,
\ and he is hereby, authorized and required to cause to be
I lnlfilled the stipulations of the ninth and tenth articles of
the treaty with the Sacs and Foxes, and other ttibes of Jn-
dians, concluded on the 15th of July, 1830, by causing said
[ reserved tracts to be surveyed and allotted to the persons
, properly entitled to the same, in fee-simple, in such manner,
j and under such rules and regulations as he may prescribe ;
j and to defray the expenses of the same, there be, and is
i hereby, appropriated the sum of $10,922 29.
^ Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
i and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The seventy-seventh amendment:
Sec. G. Jind he it further enacted, That the Presidfinf of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint two
Indian agent- tor the Indians east of the Rocky Mountains,
in addition to the eleven provided for by the fourth section
of the act entitled u An act making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian department,"
&c , approved February 27, 1851; one Indian agent for the
Indians in the Territoiy of New Mexico, in addition to the
four provided for by the fifth section of the same act; and
such number of Indian agents, not exceeding three, as he
may deem expedient for the Indian tribes in the Territory of
Washington.
Air. HOUSTON. This is an appropriation
made necessary by appropriations made in the first
part of the bill.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes seventy-four 
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. IvErrTand Clingman were
appointed.
The question was taken *, and the tellers reported
 ayes 99, noes 19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Pec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the agents ap-
pointed under th« provision? of the sixth section of thin act,
