1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
IN SEA'ATE.
Frida , Ftbraanj 3, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
This being the day set apart, by resolution ofthe
Senate, for the consideration of private bills, to
which no objection should be made, the following
were disposed of:
JOHN' G. MACK ALL.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Cal-
endar for the consideration of the Senate, is the
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
John G. Mackall, deceased.
Mr. BAYARD. That belongs to a class of
cases which I think it my duty to oppose. •
The PRESIDENT. Being objected to, it goes 'j
over. !
WILLIAM G. RIDGELY. i
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is for the
relief of William G. Ridgely. i
Mr. BAYARD. That belongs to the same
class of cases. I feci bound to oppose it. \
The PRESIDENT. It will go over. ;
ALBERT HART.
The bill increasing the pension of Albert Hart
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to increase his pension to $16 a month, from
January 1, 1854, to continue during life.
Albert Hart was a soldier in the Baltimore bat-
talion m the Mexican war. At the storming of
Monterey he had charge of the colors of his com-
pany, and lost his right aim, but continued to
support the flagon his left arm until relieved from
duty. ITis name was placed on the pension rolls
at eight dollars a month, which he finds wholly
insufficient to support himself and family.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
LAVIMJA TAYLOR.
The bill for the relief of Lavinia Taylor was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay her a sum equal to five years' pay of
her husband, the late Isaac Taylor, a private in
the Army.
Isaac Taylor was a soldier in the regular Army,
and was killed in the massacre of Major Dade's
command in Florida, on the 28th December, 1835.
On learning the death of her husband, the me-
morialist applied for a pension to the Commission-
er ot Pensions, and was informed that there was j
no law providing a pension for the widows of
regular soldiers who were killed by the enemy.
By indorsements on her memorial it appears that
it was first presented to the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions, on the 19th of
February, 1847. On the 2Jstof December, 1847,
it was again referred to the committee, and under
the same date it appears that the committee were
discharged from the further consideration of'the
subject. A letter from the Commmissioner of
Pensions, dated December 30, 1847, to the Hon.
H. Johnson, then chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, says: j
" She a«.ks for a special act m her favor, as there is no
ceiieial law which give? a pension to the widow of a regu-
Jai i-oldu-i ot' the present imhtuiy. If the bill which wa«
lately diawn up and spntlo you should become a law, no
special legislation will be necessary in a ease like this.''
And in a letter to the present chairman of the
committee, dated March 22, 1850, the Commis-
sioner says:
"The bill leferred to in my letter of the :30th December.
]W47,did not hecomc a law, ami. consequently tln^ and
s-innlar remain or nrovi<hwl for. J reppecttnlly sub-
mit that 11 would he no more than just to allow the peti-
tioner a live veaif' pension."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ALLEN G. JOHNSON.
The bill for the relief Allen G. Johnson, of the
captain of a company of mounted Florida militia,
at the time of his being mustered out of service,
on the (ith day of January, 1840, at Camp Bailey,
Jefferson county, Florida, to J. B. Collins, a
quartermaster in the service of the United States,
but not credited to him by Collins in his returns
to the Treasury Department, the amount so paid
not to exceed the sum of $137 M'i.
Allen G. Johnson was an officer in command of
a company of mounted Florida militia, stationed
at Camp Bailey, Jefferson county, Middle Florida,
where he and his company were mustered out of
the service of the United States on the 6th of Jan-
uary, 1840. At the time of the discharge, he handed
over to J. B. Harbour, as the representative of
J. B. Collins, quartermaster, certain subsistence
stores, for which he took the receipt of Harbour
on behalf of Collins, for whom he was authorized
to act. On applying to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury for a final settlement of his accounts, he
was not allowed credit for the stores handed over,
on the ground that fctuartermaster Collins had not
credited the claimant therewith in his returns, the
Third Auditor remarking, at the same time, that
it was strange that Harbour, himself a quarter-
master, should have given a receipt in the name of
Collins, when he might have receipted for the stores
on his own authority.
The only point in the case which, in the opinion
of the committee, is worthy of particular consid-
eration, is the question whether the petitioner,
| Johnson„turned over the stores of which he had
\ charge, as captain, to a person duly authorized to
receive and give a receipt for them. This he ap-
1 pears to have done; and, so far as he is concerned,
any subsequent omission of duty on the part of
Collins, who received them through his agent,
Harbour, isa matter of trifling moment. Whether
Harbour received the stores as the representative
! of Collins, or in his own capacity of quartermas-
ter, he and Collins are the parties responsible to
| the Government, and indemnity should be de-
manded from them or their securities for any laches
: in the performance of their duty. The Committee
i on Military Affairs see no propriety in holding
j officers of the line, as they are termed, accountable
> for the non-performance of their duty on the part
j of those over whom they have no control, and the
| especial business of whom it is to take charge of,
[ and account for the property of the Government
' committed to their keeping, under the penalty of
| their bonds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
| ADAM D. STEUART.
The bill for the relief of -A^dam D. Steuart was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be paid to Mr. Steuart, a paymas-
ter of the United States Army, *150, the amount
paid by him as a fee to Ashley and Ringo for
prosecuting a suit at law for the recovery of §2,000
in specie, stolen from on board the steamboatTom
Bollng, while the specie was in his charge, and
being transported for account of the United States
to Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas, in June,
1834.
Paymaster A. D. Steuart shipped on board the
steamboatTom Bolin, in .Tune, 1834, two boxes
of specie, containing $1,000 each, and which be-
longed to the United States, for Little Rock, for !
the°purpo=,e of paying the troops of the United
States m Arkansas. The boxes were delivered by
Paymaster Steuart to the clerk of the boat, to
whom the contents of the boxes weie made
j known; on the passage the money, while in the
' custody of the officers of the boat, was stolen; on
the arrival of the boat at Little Rock the money
was missing, and the clerk of the boat was charged
wi h the theft, and finally confessed that when
the boat last stopped to take in wood before reach-
1 ing Little Rock he threw the boxes containing the
money out of the cabin window into the river,
marking the place bv certain trees, to know where
1 to look for them. 'Colonel Steuart, with some
■ friends, took the clerk to the place, and, after much
" The can-
State of Florida, was read a second time, and search, part of the money was found . •
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Ij tan, of the boat refused to. pay tne. balan ie b.it
It proposes to direct the Secretary of theTreas- , having sold the boat, of which he was pa t owne ,
ury to cause to be paid to him the value of cer- h Colonel steuart, by advice o . . > J ,
tarn subsistence Bto. es, lurned ever by him, as 'I which prevenle.1 the transfer of the ,.iopeity, and
to remove this incumbrance, the captain returned
the whole amount stolen by the clerk. This pro-
ceeding made it necessary for Colonel Steuart to
employ counsel, which he did. The fees of the
attorneys amounted to $150, which Colonel Steu-
art paid, and presented a voucher therefor to the
War Department for allowance; butitwas regard-
ed by the accounting officers as a disbursement not
authorized by any existing law, and disallowed.
ltis for this $150 so paid that Colonel Steuartnow
applies to Congress to have refunded to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without -
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM SENNA FACTOR.
The bill for the relief of William Senna Factor,
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct §3,707 to be paid to him,
as indemnity in full for property of Rose Factor,
destroyed by order of the American officers of the
United States Army, in the Seminole war of 1836,
and for property taken by such officers for public
use in the war; with the provision, however, that
the Secretary of the Interior shall first be satisfied
that Billy Senna Factor is the legal representative
of Rose Factor, deceased.
Billy Senna Factor, Rose, his mother, and Nan-
cy, his wife, were free persons of color, residing
near Mount Yernon, Florida, in a portion of the
country exposed to the incursions of the hostile
Seminoles. They owned considerable property;
all of which was destroyed by the orders of the
United States troops, to prevent it'falling into the
hands of the Seminoles, or by the hostiles, on ac-
count of the well-known fidelity of the family to
the fortunes and interests of the United States.
Rose and Billy were often employed as inter-
preters, and were taken by the United States offi-
cers in command to Tampa Bay._ They were
compelled to abandon most of their property to
destruction, and to get the protection of the Uni-
ted States forces; and, finally, in 1840, they were
emigrated to the country west ef Arkansas, as
Seminole negroes. Rose died, leaving Billy her
son and heir. They were incompetent to prefer
their claim for indemnity, on the grbund that they
were supposed to be slaves. The committee weie
satisfied, however, that the board convened by
Colonel North, to value certain negroes to be
emigrated to Arkansas were mistaken in sup-
posing them to be slaves.
The letters of General Taylor, General Jesup,
and other proofs put it beyond doubt that they
were undoubtedly free in point of fact, with no
persons claiming to be their owners. Billy now
resides in Van Buren, Arkansas, and no such
claim has ever been made there. The. suspicion
that they might originally have been fugitives from
the States probably arose from the fact of their
speaking the English language. Their claims
consist of three items, covering the losses respect-
ively of Rose, Billy, and Nancy Factor, of the
several sums of $3,307, §1,750, and $1,025. The
evidence shows that Rose lost all her property, by
its destruction under the orders of the United States
officers. The property of Billy and Nancy was
abandoned, and they fled for protection to the
American camp; and in all probability it was de-
stroyed by the Seminoles, as it was never recov-
I erThis does not embrace two mules and two
1 horses pressed by the United States officers for
1 public use, and valued at four hundred dollars, to
I which he is entitled. The committee reject all
I that part of the claim which is for property de-
i stroyed by the Seminoles in a state of war, as no
such losses ever constitute a legitimate claim on
1 the Government. The correct value of the prop-
erty of Rose and Billy, taken for public use, and
destroyed to prevent its capture or occupation by
j the enemy, amounts to $3,707, for which the bill
13 The'bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a thild tune, and passed.
benjamin s. roberts.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill explanatory of the act for the re-
lief of Benjamin S. Roberts, upon which the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have made an adverse
report.
