328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
Mr. FOOT. The occasion of the adverse re-
port grew out of the fact that a like bill had been
passed by the House of Representatives, and con-
curred in by the Senate. Having been disposed
of in that way, the Committee on the Judiciary
reported adversely upon this bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on i
concurring in the report of the committee.
The question was taken, and agreed to.
RICHARD FITZPATRICK.
The bill for the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick,
reported from the Committee of Claims, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to require the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle and adjust ins
claim for the use and occupation of his land qn
the Miami and New rivers, in Florida, during the
Seminole hostilities, as a military post, by order
of officers of the United States, and for wood cut
on the lands for the use of the military or naval j
forces, and for any other property taken and used, i
by order of officers in command at those places, ;
for public purposes or defense; and to direct that i
the amount so found due, upon sufficient and com- •
petent evidence, be paid to inm, with the proviso, 1
however, that nothing contained in the bill shall j
be construed to authorize payment for property j
destroyed by the Indians. !
Colonel Fitzpatrick submits "an estimate of;
losses and damages sustained by him at his plant' J
ation on Miami river, near Cape Florida, by the 1
Seminole Indians; " and an account for the occu- \
pation of his premises by United States troops, |
and for wood and other property taken by the )
troops, amounting in all to $60,320, for which he I
asks payment.
Colonel Harney, United States Army, certifies
that he was in command of the troops in the south
of Florida for a considerable time during the Sem-
inole war, and had his headquarters at Fort Dal-
las, which is located upon the property of Richard
Fiizpatrick, who is a citizen of Florida, and that
whatever was found useful on the lands of Mr.
Fitzpatrick was freely used for the benefit of the
United States, and that there was a considerable
quantity of wood cut off the land of Fitzpatrick,
and used on board of the steamboats in the service
of the United States, it being1 more convenient to
take wood at that piace than any other on that
part of the coast of Florida.
General Jesup, in a letter addressed to the Sec-
retary of War, dated January 13, 1841, says that
Fort Lauderdale, on New river, and Fort Dallas,
on Miami river, were established by his orders
some time in February or March, 1838, and that
both forts are said to be on the lands of Colonel :
Fitzpatrick.
He says, that timber for building' and for fuel, i
for the use of the troops, and for the steamboats j
in the public service, has been cut at both forts; i
and that Colonel Fitzpatrick is justly entitled to a i
reasonable rent for his land, and compensation for
the timber cut for the use of the public.
General Jesup adds, that the buildings and other
property charged in the account were destroyed
by the Indians before the lands were occupied by
the troops; and it appears, from the affidavit of the
petitioner, that his plantation .was abandoned to
the Indians m January, 183G, two years before
the occupation by the United States tioops; and
that they took his stock, and destroyed his fruit
trees and other improvements. The committee
concur in opinion with General Jesup that the
claimant is entitled to compensation for the use of
his land, and for the fuel, timber, and other prop- j
erty, taken and used by the United States troops; |
but they are not prepared to sanction the principle '
that the Government is to be held responsible to |
remunerate its citizens for losses sustained by the •
ravages and depredations of the savage tribes. j
The bili was reported to the Senate without !
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a ;
third reading, was read a third time, and passed. !
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of,
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, announcing, that on the 2d instant >
he had approved and signed "An act to provide a j'
place for the holding of the courts of the United i
States in the southern district of New Yoik, and j
for other purposes." i
DON B. JUAN DOMERCQ.
The bill reported from the Committee of Claims,
for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq, a Span-
ish subject, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
examine and investigate the claim of bon B. Juan
Domercq, a Spanish subject, for a quantity of to-
bacco belonging to him, and taken and used for
purposes of defense, by order of Colonel Childs,
at the siege of Puebla, in Mexico, in 1847; and to
allow and pay him for so much of the tobacco,
not exceeding seven hundred and twenty-one
bales, and atTa price not exceeding twenty-four
dollars the bale, as shall be proved, to the satis-
faction of the Secretary, to have been destroyed
or lost in consequence of the tobacco having been
taken and used as aforesaid. It also proposes to
direct the 'Secretary of War to allow and pay
Domercq damages for the injury done to eight
hundred and twenty-three bales of tobacco re-
turned to him after being used m barricading the
streets, &c., of Puebla, provided the amount al-
lowed shall not exceed one dollar per bale.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JAMES W. LOW AND OTHERS.
The bill for the compensation of James W. Low
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to James W. Low, William Driskill,
  Southerland, and    Stenchen, or to
such persons as may be legally authorized to re-
ceive the same, as heirs or legal representatives,
the sum of $2,570 30, that being the amount paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and placed
to the accounts of fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
in consequence of a suit, entitled " The United
States vs. the schooner Ann and cargo," in the dis-
trict court of Maine, December, 1814, the schooner
having been risen upon and captured, by theabove
named persons, from the British, and delivered to
the proper authorities of the United States in the
State of Maine. The money is to be paid to James
W. Low and his associates aforesaid, their heirs
or assigns, in the following proportions: to James
W. Low, for having planned the enterprise and
directed the capture of the vessel, as first officer
of the prize, eight parts; to William Driskill, as
second or assistant officer, four parts; and to South-
erland and Stenchen, as seamen or sailors, two
parts each.
James W. Low, in October, 1814, being then
on board the British vessel Ann, with the aid of
two others on board, captured the vessel and cargo,
and brought it as a prize into a port in the State
of Maine. The vessel and cargo were sold under
a libel by order of the district court, and the sum
of $5,818 received. Of this sum, after deducting
the expenses of the suit, there remained a balance
of ^5,140 61; of which $1,927 63 was paid to the
collector, and (£642 57 to the surveyor of the port
of Thomastown—being one half; and the balance,
^2,570 30, was paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States.
The amount paid to the collector and surveyor
purported to be under the authority of the non-
importation law. None of the parties who cap-
tured the vessel have been able to give their
personal attention to the vindication of their rights,
and have never received their share of the pro-
ceeds. By the act of Congress of June 26, 3812,
letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods in case
of the capture of an enemy'a vessel by a privateer,
the captor was entitled to the entire amount re-
ceived.
In this case there was not, and of course could
not be, any commission of marque issued; but as
the captors were American citizens who had been
previously captured by the British, and entered
this vessel with a view of capturing her, and in
advance declared their intention to be such, they
were most clearly entitled under the provisions of
that act to the whole proceeds; inasmuch, however,
as half the amount was paid to the collector and
surveyor of the port, and the other half into the
Treasury, the committee only recommend the pay-
ment to the parties of the amount in the Treas-
ury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PURSER T. V. M'BLAIR.
The bill for the relief of Purser T. P. McBIair
was read a second time, and considered as in
•Committee of th^ Whole.
It proposes to direct the accounting officers of
the Treasury in adjusting his accounts to allow
him the sums paid by him as purser of the United
States steamer Piinceton, to William Taylor; act-
ing boatswain, to John Coale, acting carpenter,
arid to Armstrong Fiomerfelt, acting sailmaker,
who were employed on the steamer by its com-
manding officer, by authority from the Secretary
of the Navy, and which sums were disallowed by
the accounting officers of the Treasury, for the
reason that the persons to whom the payments
were made were not included w the number per-
mitted by law, of officers of the grades to which
they were respectively appointed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
JOHN G- CAMP.
The bill for the relief of John G. Camp was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle his suspended accounts for
mileage, as late marshal for the middle district of
Florida, in the same manner that similar accounts
are now settled, with the proviso, however, that
the amount therein charged does not exceed what
is now allowed by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
SAMUEL H, HEMPSTEAD.
The bill for the relief of Samuel H. Hempstead
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay him $1,800 for extra services
rendered by him in defending the title of the Uni-
ted States to certain lands in Arkansas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS CHAPMAN.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of the late Thomas Chapman, formerly col-
lector of the port of Georgetown, South Carolina,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct $13,457 55 to be paid to
the parties, being the share (to which Thomas
Chapman was entitled, as collector) of the cargo of
the Swedish ship Diana, condemned for a breach
of the non-intercourse act, which was decreed to
be forfeited by him, in consequence of his having
been examined as a witness in behalf of the
claimants.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
, amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
ISAAC YARN, SEN.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Yarn, sen., of Du-
val county, Florida, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War to
examine and adjust his claim for the use and oc-
cupation of his pioperty, for wood and timber cut
from his land, and for other property belonging to
| him, and taken and used by the United States
troops, between the 1st of April, 1836, and the 1st
of July, 1841, and to direct the amount so found
due, upon competent and sufficient evidence, not
exceeding #5,0*10, to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
: amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
RICH ATlD KING.
The bill for the relief of Richard King was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to confirm him in his title to two
hundred and forty arpens of land on the eastern
bank of the Ouachita river, in the parish of Cald-
well, Louisiana, which was conveyed by the
claimant of the Maison *Rouge grant to Bagwell
Baily, in 1818, for cutting a road through the
grant, and has remained in the possession of, and
