1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
shall, before entering upon the duties of their respective I
offices, give bond in sucn penalties,*and with such condt-.
tiona and such security as the Prescient or Secretary of the
Interior way require. They ha!lln-ld their offices, respect-
ively? for the term of lour years?, and shall receive au an-
nual salary of 5-1,500.
Mr. HOUSTON", The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
Sec. 8.  £ndbeitfuithyenactedi That to such Chero-
kees as were omitted m the census taken by D. W. Siler,
but who were included and paid under the act of July,
1848, the Cormmsbioner of Indian A flairs be authorized to
pay them the same per capita allowance that was paid the
other Indians under that distribution, piovided the Com-
missioner shall he satisfied that they ought to be included
in &aid per capita distribution, and that the sum of $5,000
be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eightieth amendment: I
Sec. 9. Jlrul he it further enacted^ That the President j
be, and lie i* herein, anthoiized, liy and with the assent of [
the ledum Uibo>, lespeetu ejy, to tie obtained in due form, |
to enter into treaties with the various 3 mhau tubes, to re-
deem and CAUn iiislt the peipetual annuities, oi the pay-
ment of niteriM perpetually upon sum- of money requ'red
to be he id in tru-t, or invested in sto< ks, by either p«i\ nig
to said tubes the par value or equivalent ot the said annui-
ties and peipetual inteieat, either hi whole or ui annuities',
for a tei ni ot'yeais, as lie, in hih judgment, may deem most
advantageous to the Indians, respectively.
Mr. HOUSTON". The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment with an amendment. They lecommend to
strike out of the second line, after the word " au-
thorized,n the words by and with the assent of
the Indian tribes, respectively, to be obtained in
due form," and make it so as to read:
jind be i'. fin tker funded, That the President be, and he
is heiebv, nulhonzed to entei into tieatio with the \arious
Tmtian tribes, &c.
The object of the amendment, as proposed by
the Committee of "Ways and Mearns, is very evi-
dent. Tiie amendment of the Senate proposed to
obtain the assent of the Indian tribes, and in this
way to change the mode of payment of their an-
nuities. For instance, the annuities to be paid in
money might, be authorized to lie paid in goods of
one kind or another; or it might be agreed to pay
larger installments, and soshoiten the term oftheir
payments. This, in the estimation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meatus, would be substan-
tially a new treaty with the tribes. Thecommit-
tee, therefore, thought it better that, in so many
words, the President should have power to enter j
into treaties with the various Indian tribes to ac-
complish this object. I
Mr. HOWE/ I am opposed to that amend- i
ment. After ail our experience with the I ndinns, i
1 am not m favor of this Govei nment, s- oeking now j
to make a better baigam with them. I am op- :
posed to buying these perpetual annuities, because ,
the day will nev er arrive when these ! lulutnt--, the- e i
relics of former large tribes, will cease to need j
our aid. I,
i do not believe it is the policy of this Govern- (0.
ment, or that it is in accordance with the duty of i,
the Government to the Indians, to extinguish jj
these perpetual annuities for cash m hand, which n
they will soon use up and squander away. If we j,
do tlmt, we shall soon see than outcasts and wan-
derei s
Mr.* JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit to the j!
gentleman that he is not opposed to the amend- >■
ment to this amendment i
Mr. HOWE. 1 am opposed to the purchase of
these perpetual annuities. !
Mr. JONES. But if it is to be done, you are i
in favor of having it done by treaty ? !
Mr. HOWE. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment requires j
that it shall be done by tieaty, and th.it requires j
the consent of two thuds of the Senate, and, so
far, it is a protection of the rights of the Indians. 1
The question was then taken on the amendment j
to the amendment of the Senate; and it was agreed
to. l
Mr. HOUSTON. During this session of Con- i
gress, this House has passed a bill, by a large '
majority} proposing, m some way, to accomplish
the very end proposed to be reached by this ;
amendment. I remember I opposed the bill— :
which was introduced by the gentleman from ;
South Ctuohnti, [Mr. Okk]-—or some of iu pro- I
five minutes allotted to me, to state the merits of
I this claim. Itrests upon treaty stipulations. The
i obligations which this Government isunder to pay
| this money exist under two treaties. In 1835 a
! treaty was made between the Government and a
] part of the Cherokee nation, purchasing their
I lands, for which we agreed to pay $5,000,000. In
! 1836 a supplemental treaty was made by which
| the Government agreed to pay $600,000, making
j in all §5,600,000 as the treaty fund.
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire
| whether the amendment which the gentleman ad-
vocates was recommended by the Committee on
: Indian Affairs?
Mr. GROW, it was fully examined by the
j Committee on Indian Affairs, and unanimously
! agreed to. I am now briefly stating the facts of
j the case.
j A portion of the Indians emigrated under the
' treaty of 1835-'36 to what is now the State of
Arkansas. By a subsequent arrangement, they
were removed west of Arkansas. A difficulty grew
• up between the John Ross party and the treaty-
making party. Ross refusing to remove under
the treaty, General Scott was sent, in 1838, to re-
move them by force. He made a supplemental
| arrangement with John Ross, by which he was to
1 pay $65 90 the head for the removal of these In-
1 dians, provided eighty days were occupied in the
i removal. If more time was occupied, he was to
! pay proportionately greater, and if less, then Ross
' was to refund in that proportion. From eighty
. to one hundred and fifty-five days was taken in
i the removal of different detachments of these In-
' dians. The Cherokees, remaining in the States,
! claim that they are not to be prejudiced by any
: such arrangement as thai. The Government, in
1846, made a new treaty with all the Cherokees.
Owing to the large amount of the cost of their
removal, difficulties arose in settling the amount
: still due per capita, and to settle these, the Cher-
! okees east and west, and others in the States, en-
tered into new stipulations with the Government
; in 18-16. In that treaty, the Cherokee nation
i agreed to pay all the claims the Government had
against them for removal and subsistence, includ-
ing these large outlays under the arrangement
with General Scott. #
But the tenth article of the treaty of 1846 ea^jjth
pressly provides that the Cherokees remaining in '
the States are not in any way to be prejudiced or
njured in any of their rights under the treaty of
1835, 1636. By the treaty of 1846, these difficul-
ties were submitted to the Senate of the United
States, as umpire between the United States and
the Creek Nation. Mr. Sebabtian, chairman of
the committee of the Senate, to which the matter
was leferred, reported $1,571,346 53 to be due the
Cherokees. The treaty provided that it should be
paid per capita. Whatever money, therefore, is
now appropriated, is to be paid to these Indians
per capita, and it cannot be paid to anybody else.
I state this, for there are gentlemen who will not
vote money when they have the impression that
agentsare concerned. They think thatthe money,
instead of going to the Indians, is only swallowed
up by the agents. No agent can touch this money;
for it is to be paid by the treaty, to the Indians
themselves, per capita. The Committee on Indian
Affairs took the decision of the Senate, acting as
umpire between the Cherokee Nation and the
Government—add to it vs22,2J2 76, expense of
Cherokee committee, improperly deducted from
the treaty fund.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRO W. 1 move a pro forma amendment,
so that I may complete my statement.
[Cries of " Go on !"]
Mr. GROW. We took the decision of the
umpire. We added to that $22,212 76 that was *
i taken from their fund, and for which act we could
I find no provision in the treaty. By the treaty of
1835—'6, §600,000 of spoliations and expenses of
. removal were to be deducted from the treaty fund;
. but the spoliations _and removals, so charged,
| amounted to $25,414 09 more than $600,000.
; The Cherokees claim that, under the treaty, it
1 could not exceed $600,000. That would leave
; $1,638,973 38 due at that time. To whom was
it due? Under the treaty of 1846, it would be
due to all the Cherokees, taking the eastern and
. western Cherokees together, after deducting all
; the expenses that are provided for in the treaty of
Mr. Chairman, I shall find it impossible, in the !i 1846, which would include the expenses of re-
visions, and they were discussed in the House.
But a bill of that character, proposing to have
that general end in view, and authorizing the
President of the United States to make proposi-
tions to change existing annuities, and existing
treaties, passed the House by a large majority.
The Committee of Ways and Means, taking that
as the express judgment of the House, and in
accordance with their own separate judgment,
saw fit to recommend a concurrence m this
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope this
amendment will not be adopted by the House.
It seems to me it should be voted down. The
effect will be to induce us to make treaties imme-
diately with the Indians, by which we should be
able to buy up these perpetual annuities, and pay
tiiem the money m hand, which will be wasted, in
most cases, in a short time. The Indians will
then be upon our hands, to be supported by us,
or we will have to turn them loose upon fhe world.
1 call for tellers upon the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan*
and Skelton" were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes lifty-seven—not a sufficient number, being
less than a majority of a quorum.
So the amendment, as amended, was not con-
curred in.
Eighty-first amendment:
Si:c. 10. J3nd he it further enacted. That to enable the
Secretary of ihe Intenor to settle and pay the claim* on file
tor reservations, and for rents ami impioveinenH, under the
thirteenth and sixteenth articles of the Cherokee treaty of
29sh of December, 1M3, m pui-manceoi the stipulations
: ot' the third aiticii1 ot the tieaty of August 8, IS 16, the sum
: heretofore appropriated for those purpose^, and carried to
I the surplus fund, is hereby reappropriated.
I Mr. GROW. 1 move to make two or three
j verbal amendments to that amendment.
! 1 move, in the second line, between the words
"the" and ''on," to strike out the word "claims,''
and to insert the words "awards of commission-
1 ers." In the third line, after the word "reserva-
tions," I move to insert the word "preemptions:"
and m the fourth line, after the word "the," I
move to insert the word "twelfth;" so that the
amendment, as amended, would read:
That to enable the Secretary of the Interiorto settle and
pay the awaids of commissioners, on file for reservations,
pitioriipnoiis, and foi rent-* and improvements, mulei the
t twelfth, thirteenth .uul sixteenth articles of the Cherokee
I lieaty ot £9th ot December, 18:i.>, in pursuance of the stip-
1 uUtionsot the thud article of the treaty ot Augusts, 1846,
, tiie sum heietofoie appropriated tor those purposes, ami
' earned to the surplus lund, is hereby reappropnated.
i There are two or three awards for preemptions,
i1 and  t is necessary that the word shouid be in-
| seined in order to include them. This amend-
ment is to cover the awards made by the commis-
sioners who wereappointed to examine theclaims.
1 think, therefoie, the words " awards of commis-
siuiieis" should be inserted, instead of " claims;"
for this appropriation is not to pay all the indefi-
nite claims made, whether awarded by the com-
missioneis or not.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
^The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Eighty-second amendment:
,spc, 11. *6ndhcit Jaither cnurted, That, for the payment
ot the balance ot per n'pttrr due the (.'hriokee Indian*, re-
siding m ihe States east of the "Misi-t^sippi river, under the
treaty of 1835, and supplemental treaty oi May, Ifei5t3, ac • <
cording to the stipulation of the tenth article of the tieaty I
of Auuu-it8, 1846, ihe >nm ot ,^90,In*.! 18- Piunded, That
the same -h.dl be i«• iiiibut-cd iiorn the funis ot money I
heieatier to he paid to the Westun < 'ie-rokeos, in such ;
manner and in such amounts as die Piesident of the LJm- .
ted states may dnect. j
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways !
and Means recommend a non-concunence in that i
amendment. !
This is the item which was so ably discussed |
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] i
when this bill was before the House a month or
six weeks ago. The House then rejected the ap-
! propriauon, and I hope they will again reject it
now.
Mr. GROW. This claim has been before the
, Committee on Indian Affairs, and was very fully
■ investigated, and reported unanimously by them.
It was offered when the Indian bill was up on a
, former occasion, and adopted by the committee,
! but was lobt m the House.
