1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1897
Sfcoval, as arranged by General Scott, the excess
of which over twenty dollars per head cannot be
deducted from the treaty fund, so far as the east-
ern Cherokees are concerned; for by ihe tenth ar-
ticle of the treaty of 1H4G—
"It is expressly agreed that nothing in the foregoing
treaty contained shall be s>o construed as in any manner to
take aw.iy or abridge any rights or claims which the Cher-
okees now residing in the states east of the Mississippi
river had, or may have, under'the tieaty of 1835, and the
supplement thereto."
Their rights are to-be determined, then, by the
treaty of 1835,and 1836, by which removal is fixed
at twenty dollars per head, and no greater sum
could therefore be charged to the treaty fund, so
far as the eastern Cherokees are concerned. And
that would leave the amount provided for in this
amendment still due.
Should the Cherokees who remained in the
States, and have become citizens under the laws
of the States, be prejudiced in any of their rights
secured by treaty, by any act of General Scott,
acting as agent of the Government, or by any act
of a portion of the tribe to which their assent was
never given ? The merits of the claim rest upon
this buef statement of facts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had had a very limited
opportunity of examining this claim when 1 dis-
cussed the question before. 1 have since examined
it, and 1 think I can satisfy even the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that there is no foundatipn for-
the claim. As 1 have but little time, I will make
my statements as brief as possible. In the report
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow,] and also the report made by Mr. Sebas-
tian, of the Seriate, they make a balance due the
eastern Cherokees; and the calculation is made
under the most favorable circumstances for them,
the legitimate expenses being deducted, and noth-
ing more. The very expenses which all admit
ought to be deducted, are deducted, and this leaves
§1,571,000 for the whole of the Cherokees. Well,
sir, the error of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] is this: He overlooks the $523,000,
one halt ot that amount which is due under the
treaty to the old settlers, the western Cherokees.
Those Cherokees who left the States at an early
period, and never did obtain any consideration for
their lands, were just as much entitled to their
share—every one of them—as the eastern Chero-
kees were. Every one of them was entitled to his
proportion of the purchase money given for these
lands. Well, sir, the gentleman goes on and
makes out, and the Senate committee go on and
make out, that the Cherokees east were entitled to
have received $1,571,346 53; and they propose
that all should be given to the eastern Cherokees.
But, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania for-
got to deduct the $523,782 17 which is due to the
old settlers—due to a branch of the tribe that had
left the States, but who were as much entitled to
a share of the purchase money as any other branch
of the tribe. Now, if you deduct that $523,782
from the amount claimed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to be due after deducting the proper
expenses, you leave them $1,047,564 35. Take
the gentleman's own positions, as laid down m his
speech, and this leaves $10,153 due to the Chero-
kees east, and no more. 1 have no doubt, how-
ever, but that this is wrong. I have no doubt
that if the settlement were fairly and honestly
made, they would be found entitled to more than
that.
Here is one thing further, however; and 1 have
omitted a good many points which I think con-
clusive. Here is the opinion of Attorney Gen-
eral Crittenden on the same section of the treaty.
My friend from Pennsylvania claims on the tenth
section; and if that doctrine were so, he would
have got no claim at all, I hold in my hand the
opinion of Attorney General Crittenden, made in
relation to these very Cherokees. They wanted
a part of the appropriation made in 1850, and a
part of the appropriation of 1851. And the ques-
tion came up, and was presented to the Attorney
General, whether, on their leaving the States, they
could receive any part of this appropriation. Mr.
Crittenden, in his opinion, goes on to consider
that tenth article just precisely in the manner in
"which I regarded it when the matter was up be-
fore, and precisely in opposition to the construc-
tion given to that article by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Here is what Mr. Crittenden says:
"The qualification required was expressed in these
terms that they were 1 qualified to take care of themselves
and their propeity.' Ii may be that some not thus quali-
fied did remain, contrary to the terms of the tieaty, and
have become mingled with those that were entitled to re-
main, and did remain. But as it would be difficult now to
make any discrimination, or to enforce a forfeiture upon
the very loose und unceitain terms ot their not posseting
the required qu ihfication, and as to the tenih article of
the ueai,y or 1646, which recognize* the tight of those le-
ading oast of the Mississippi river, makes no discrimina-
tion, and excludes none on account of their having re-
mained in supposed violation ot the treaty, 1 think it is
now too late to question their rights on that ground ; and,
consequently, they must be admitted among the distribu-
tees."
To the fourth question submitted to him,
whether if any of the Cherokees who have never
removed west of the Mississippi river were en-
titled, they might be required to emigrate, as a
condition precedent to their being paid, he an-
swers as follows:
<v The treaty of 1835, article twelve, conceded the right?
of individuals and families, ol Cherokee*, who were aveise
to a removal to the Cherokee country west of the rivet Mis-
sissippi, to remain ea-U, and to teceive their due poition^ of
the money to be distributed per capita. The treaty ol 1846,
article tenth, recognized these claims of the Clieiokees,
then, at the date of the treaty, residing east of the Missis-
sippi. On this subject I have hereinbefore expressed
iny views. To inquire those Indians so residing east of
the Mississippi river, at the date of the treaty of August,
184t>, to lemove to the Cherokee country west, as a con-
dition precedent to their being paid their dividends per
capita ol the balance of the ptucha^e money for the lands
east of the Mississippi river never ceded by their nation
to the United States, would be without any authority of
law, and a breach of the laith of the treaties of 1634 and of
184(5, as L firmly believe."
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise. **■
The motion was not agreed to.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"
Mr. MATTESON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ewing and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45; not a majority of a quorum.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curied in.
Eighty-third amendment:
Sec. lii. Jlrid be it furthci enacted. That the Secretary
of the Interior be authorized and required to investigate the
chum of the Jirotherton tribe of Indians against the United
sState*, and report the facts to Congiess at its next session,
or earlier it practicable, together with an estimate for such
amount as may be found justly due the said i ndians
Mr. HOUSION. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighty-fourth amendment:
Amend the title, by adding to the end thereof the follow-
ing words : " and lor other pmpuse&."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the committee
do now rise, and report the fortification bill and
the Indian appropriation bill to the House.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to yield to me for a moment for a personal
explanation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman gives way to
me for a moment, and I rise to a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You had betterdo
that in the House.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make the explana-
tion here. It will occupy but a minute.
I, this morning, asked a question of my col-
league, [Mr. Stevens,] when he was making an
explanation in reference to the subject which had
been brought to the attention of the House by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wa«hbur.ve,] which
question seemed to implicate one of the Senators
from Iowa. I asked the question under a mistake,
from information which I 4 ad derived from an
outside quarter. I did understand thatoneof the
Senators from Iowa [General Jones] had gone to
Air. Forney, with my colleague from Michigan,
and advised him to make the alteration. But I
understand, upon inquiry from Mr. Forney, that
I was entirely deceived, and that General Jones
never called on him, or spoke to him on the sub-
ject. I desired to make this explanation when the
question was asked.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
leaumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Wallev)
leportcd that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according1 to order, had
the Uuion generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 116) " matnng
appropriations for fortifications and other works
of defense, and for repairs of barracks and quar-
ters, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855;"
and the bill of the House (No. 46) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with varies Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 18U," with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, both of which they
had instructed him to report to the House, the
former with sundry amendments, and the latter
with recommendations that the House non-concur
in some of the amendments of the Senate, concur
in others, and concur in others still with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon both these bills. I suppose I may in-
clude them both in the same motion,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would propose
that a vote be taken on concurring in the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union in reference to the Senate amendments
to the Indian appropriation bill. The committee
have recommended to non-concur in some of the
amendments, to concur in others, and to concur
in others still with amendments. Now I propose
that by one vote we concur with the Committee
of the Whole in its action, and thus dispose of
the bill at once.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to that course.
The question was then taken, and the report of
the Committee of the Whole m reference to the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote last taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BII/L.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask the previous
question upon the engrossment of the fortification
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole were then severally read, and
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the pe^ssage of the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion until the previous question has
been seconded.
Mr. DISNEY. I will withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. DISNEY. I renew the motion that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. McNAIR. I think thatwe should adjourn.
We shall be better able to do the business to-mor-
row.
Mr. HOUSTON. We should have the yeas
and nays first on the passage of the bill.
Mr. "WHEELER. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 49, noes 81.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DISNEY. I withdraw the motion that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I would like to
know whether the gentleman from Ohio has not
moved that the bill be laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has withdrawn his motion.
Mr. STUART. I renew it.
The question v^as taken; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table. *
