1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
in cultivation by, Daily and his successors to the
present time, and is now a part of the plantation
of King, on which he has resided for many years;
with the proviso, however, that it shall amount
only to a relinquishment of title on the part of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed.
WILLEAM BLAKE.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of William Blake,
it proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to cause the pension allowed to William Blajje,
on the 14th ot March, 1845, to bemcreased to §13
per month, and that the increase of pension shall
commence from that date.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I should like to hear
the report read, in order to show on what grounds
this increase of pension is sustained.
The report of the Committee on invalid Pen-
sions of the House of Representatives was accord-
ingly read.
it appears that William Blake served as ser-
geant in the company commanded by Captain V.
It. Goodrich, in the eleventh regiment of infantry,
during almost the entire period of the war of 1812.
He received a wound from a ball in his right ankle
at die battle of Chippewa. He was with his com-
pany in the battle of Lundy's Lane, where all his
superior officers in the company were either killed
or wounded, and in the midst of the fight he took
the command, and behaved most gallantly.
He was afterwards wounded near Fort Erie,
being stiil in command, by the bursting of a shell
thrown by the enemy. By these wounds he was
disabled for some time; but after being wounded,
discharged the duties of commander of the com-
pany, frequently going upon crutches to do so.
He was placed on the invalid pension roil in
March, 1845, at the rate of $8 a month. It seems
that in 1814 an ensign was the lowest commis-
sioned officer of a company; and under the act of
1816, if he, in the absence of his superiors, com-
manded a company, and was wounded while com-
manding, he would receive a pension of §13 per
month. The committee think William Blake is
certainly entitled to as much as an ensign would
have received under like circumstances.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, was read
a third time, and passed.
BISHOP AND ARNOLD.
The bill for the relief of George G. Bishop and
the les;al representatives of John Arnold, deceased,
was read a second time.
It proposes to enact that the letters patent grant-
ed to John Arnold, (acitizen of the United States,)
on July 15,1829, for a new and useful improvement
in a machine for forming a web of cloth, of wool,
hair, or other suitable substances, without spin-
ning or weaving; and also the letters patent grant-
ed to Arnold, and George G. Bishop, (also a citi-
zen of the United States,) on October 20, 1836,
for a new and useful improvement in the same
machine, shall be renewed, revived, and extended
for the term of fourteen years from and after the
passage of the act, with a proviso that all persons
now enjoying the lawful use of the said invented
machine, or any part thereof, so patented, and the
purchaser of any such machine,' or any part there-
of, may continue to use the same notwithstanding
the provisions of this act.
Mr. BADGER. I ask that that bill may lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
It will go over.
SOLAR COMPASS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is one to enable theUnited States
to make use of the solar compass in the public
surveys.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that a private bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
list.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to its consideration as
not beinsf a private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
go over, under the rule.
DATED MYERLE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
j on the Calendar is one for the relief of David
j Myerle.
| Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. That bill
j may be passed over to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will go over.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The hour of one o'clock has
now arrived. That was the time which was fixed
for the special order of the day; and therefore, for
the purpose of going on with the debate which
was suspended the other day, 1 move th&t the
Senate postpone all prior orders of business, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the Nebraska bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I propose to
offer an amendment to the substitute reported by
i the Senator from Illinois, from the Committee on
; Territories. It is to strike out from section 14
1 these words:
j —" was superseded by the principles of the legislation of
1850, commonly called the compromise measures, and "—
j So that the clause will read:
| "That the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
i which aie not iocally inapplicable, shall have the same
I force and effect within the said Territory of Nebraska as
elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act preparatojy to the admission oi Missouri into
the Union, approved March fi, 1820."
Mr. CHASE proceeded to address the Senate.
He elaborately discussed the subject in a speech
which occupied two hours and a half in the de-
livery. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
M.\ DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. BADGER. I will ask the Senator to give
way for a moment. 1 wish to make a motion
that ought to have been made earlier in the day,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAfe—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Cass, Chase, Clay-
ton, Everett, Fish, Foot, Hamlin, Jones of Tennessee,
Norris, £*ewaid, Shields, Smith, Stuart, Sumner, Wade,
and Walker—ltf.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Benjamin, Bright,
Brodhead, Butler, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, Siidcll,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Weller, Williams, and
Wright—25.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to address the Senate at this time, al-
though I desire to give my views upon the ques-
tion as it has been presented m the hill, and also
to reply to some of the positions assumed by the
Senator from Ohio. The Senate is already jaded,
and I do not desire to proceed to-day.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 3, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
| TheJournalof yesterday was read andapproved.
I EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
j The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
! sage from the President of the United States,
i transmitting a report from the Secretary of State, j
1 with certain correspondence between this Govern- |
ment and the Austrian Charge d'Affaires; fur- j
mshed in compliance with the resolution of the I
House of Representatives of the 30th ultimo. I
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was ordered j
I that such report, and the accompanying docu-
j ments, be laid upon the table and printed.
I The SPEAKER also laid befoie the House a
( communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
! ury on the subject of the changes which have been
I made within the last year in the manner of keep- •
! ing the revenue, and as to how far Assistant |
! Treasurers have been made available for the de- i
! position of moneys, and as disbursing officers for |
' the General Government; furnished in obedience j
to the resolution of the House of Representatives j
of the 22d December last. |,
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was ordered
to he upon the table, and be printed.
, The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
j communication from the Secretary of the interior,
transmitting a communication from the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated 30th ultimo,
asking for an additional appropriation of $15,000
for the general and incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of JNew Mexico,
during the current fiscal year; and recommending
the making of such appropriation.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation and accompanying documents were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means and or-
dered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report from the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury, exhibiting, in a tabular form, the
pay and allowances of the several officers of the
Navy and Marine Corps of the United States, for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1853; furnished
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives, of the 7th December last.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and be
printed.
It was so ordered.
EMIGRANT PASSENGER LAW.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, just before the ad-
journment of the House yesterday, I moved to
refer the joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York, on the subject of the safety
of emigrant passengers and the regulation of emi-
grant ships, to the Committee on Commerce,
Since the House adjourned I have been in-
formed, by members of the Senate, that on the 7th
of December last a special committee was raised
in the Senate on this subject. That special commit-
tee consists of Senators Fish, Hamlin, Shields,
and others, whose names I do not now recollect.
They have addressed circulars to various ports all
over the Union, and have received answers. It is
a matter of great consequence. I-would state to
the House that my object now is to move the re-
consideration of the vote, by which the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and to move that they be referred to a special
committee, to be raised in this House to cooperate
with the one in the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered, but it cannot be considered now,
for the reason that there are already two motions,
to reconsider pending, on one of which the previ-
ous question is resting. The motion must be •
postponed until after these two are disposed of.
Mr. DEAN. Then the motion will be entered?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I asked the consent
of the House yesterday evening to take up Sen-
ate bill in relation to the pay ana emoluments and
contingent fund of that body. My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] objected, under a misunder-
standing, which has been removed. I think that
the bill, m its present form, will be acceptable to the
House, because there are no principles involved in
it to which the House can take exceptions. Under "
these circumstances, I propose that it would be
respectful to the Senate to take up and act upon
the bill; I therefore ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the bill referred to.
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. EDGERTON". I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
MADISON PARTON.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order. A motion was made to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to adopt an amend-
ment pioposed to House bill for the relief of Mad-
ison Parton; which amendment was proposed by
the Committee of the Whole House. The pre-
vious question was ordered to be put. The con-
sideration of the matter, with the previous question
thereon, was, by unanimous consent, postponed
until this day, and that is the first business in
order.
Mr. DEAN. I made the motion to reconsider
that vote. I do not desire to discuss it; but only
to state to the House 
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. DEAN. The motion to reconsider is de-
batable.
