1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
House bill (No. 125) "for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet Leavenworth, widow of brevet Brigadier
General Henry Leavenworth, late of the United
States Army," next came up in order for consid-
eration.
The bill and report were then read by the Clerk.
it appears in this case that Henry Leavenworth
forsook a lucrative practice at the bar, in New
York, and entered the United States Army as
captain of the ninth infantry during the war of
1812; was promoted major August 15, 1813; bre-
veted lieutenant colonel July 5, 1814, for distin-
guished and meritorious services in the battle of
Chippewa; breveted colonel July 25, 3814, for
gallant conduct in the battle of Niagara, in which
he was wounded; retained as major in the second
infantry, peace establishment of 1815; promoted
lieutenant colonel in the fifth infantry, February
10, 1818; breveted brigadier general July 25,
1824, for ten years' service in one grade; pro-
moted colonel in the third infantry, December 16,
1825; and died at Cross Timbers, Southwestern
Territory, July 21, 1834, while commanding the
troops in that quarter; that, during this long con-
tinuance in the Army, he performed numerous and
highly important services to his country—having
established military posts in the Indian country,
and at one time commanded a military expedition
against the Aricara Indians; that he stood high in
the estimation of the Secretary of War, as regards
prudence, courage, and civic as well as military
attainments; that he came to his death from bil-
ious remittent fever, contracted while in the line
of his duty as commander of an expedition
against the Pawnee Picts, and that his death was
chastened by anxiety of mind, and a too arduous
desire to advance the objects of his country in-
trusted to his command; that Harriet Leaven-
worth, the petitioner, is the widow of said Henry
Leavenworth, is advanced in age, in infirm health,
and has pecuniary claims pressing upon her,
which she is unable to meet.
The committee therefore recommend that the
Secretary of the Interior place the name of the
said Harriet Leavenworth upon the pension rolls,
and cause her to be paid the sum of $37 50 per
month, for and during the term of five years, com-
mencing February 1, 1853.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
$37 50, and insert in lieu thereof $30 per month.
The committee were laboring under a mistake
when they inserted the amount.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana, what rank General Leaven-
worth held ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know what his
rank was. The general law would give his widow
$30 per month—that is the highest half pay given
to widows.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not debat-
able.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
V House bill (No. 131) " for the relief of the heirs
of Joseph Gerard" coming up next in order on the
Calendar, was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MACE. Read the report.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the report,
when. 
Mr B1SSELL said: I perceive that the report
is very lengthy, and suggest, unless otherwise re-
quested by some member, that its reading be dis-
pensed with.
The reading; of the report was dispensed with.
Mr. BISSELL. As that case seems to have
slumbered already about sixty years, ! think there
would be nothing wrong in requiring it to lay over
a little longer, at least for a few days, and there-
fore object"to its consideration to-day.
The bill was laid over.
The following bills next came up in order, and
were objected to as indicated below:
No. 173. " A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen
McKay, widow of the late Colonel ./Eneas Mc-
Kay, deputy quartermaster general United^States
Army." [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
S0fii 174. " A bill for the relief of D. C. Cash
ami Giles U. Ellis." [Objected to by Mr. Mace.]
No. 110. " A bill authorizing the payment of
the balance of the property accounts between the
United States and the State of New York, for
military stores in the war of 1812." [Objected to
by Mr. Mace.]
The bill of the following title next came up in
order:
No. 176. "A bill for the relief of Pamela
Brown, the widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
late of the United States Army, deceased."
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the bill ?
Several Members. Read the report.
The Clerk read the report of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
as the sum provided by this bill is so small that it
is hardly worth while to vote it, and as I under-
stand that a Senate bill has been sent to this
House giving the widow of General Brown fifty
dollars per month, 1 ask that the consideration of
the bill be postponed until after the whole facts are
before the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the gentleman from
New York object to the bill?
Mr. JONES. I do object for the reasons stated.
The bill next on the Calendar for consideration
was House bill (No. 180) *' for the relief of Wil-
liam 13. Edwards."
The Clerk read the bill, which authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
William B. Edwards on the pension roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence 1st
January, 1854, and to continue during five years.
The CHAIRMAN. To this bill there is an
amendment pending, which providesthat the pen-
sion shall date from January, 1850, instead of
1854, and that it be during natural life, instead of
five years.
The bill and amendment weie read.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
amendment, which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
The next bill coming up in order for considera-
tion was a bill (No. 182) " for the relief of Daniel
Steenrod."
The bill, which was read, provides that the pe-
tition and papers of the petitioner be referred to
the Secretary of War, and that he be authorized
to appoint an umpire to hear evidence and ascer-
tain and fix what is justly and equitably due to
the petitioner, and pay the same out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected; and the
bill was laid over under the rules.
The next bill coming up in order for considera-
tion was No. 188: "A bill for the relief of An-
thony G. Willis, deceased."
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid to the heirs of Anthony G. Willis
the sum of $251* as compensation for the use, by
the United States, of a wagon and team during
the last war with Great Britain.
The report was then read, from which it ap-
pears that Anthony G. Willis was, in 1814, the
owner of a wagon and team in Kentucky, and
that lie lmd one Benjamin T. Rowe employed in
driving said team; that at Lexington, Kentucky,
Captain George Stockton, an officer of the United
States Army, pressed said wagon, team, and dm er
into service; and that they were carried beyond
Dayton, in Ohio, towards the Canada line, and
subsequently back to Nashville, Tennessee, laden
with wounded soldiers of the regular Army; that
said wagon, team, and driver were kept in the
active and constant employ of the Government
till the services amounted to the sum of $251, and
that Captain Stockton gave a certificate for that
sum; that the certificate was sent on to Washing-
ton for payment by Mr. Zane, the Representative
in Congress from the district in which Willis lived,
and that the accounting officer rejected it because
it contained an inteilineation; that every effort was
made to have the voucher corrected, but that,
owing to the distance at which Willis lived from
Captain Stockton, and the fact that Stockton was
absent from home when the agent of Wiliis went
to see him, it was not done until Willis died, leav-
ing his children all minors, and wholly incapable
of transacting business. The administrators sub-
sequently endeavored to get a proper voucher, but
with like want of success. The family and their
friends have been endeavoring from that day to
this, through the various Representatives from that
district in Congress, to get the claim allowed and
paid; but all in vain. That said Willis was poor,
and having a large family, the denial of this just
demand was a peculiar hardship. It is also fully
proven that the voucher was lost w bem^ left at
the house of Stockton for correction.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman who reported this bill why this bill is not
| made payable to theadministrator or executor?
I Mr. BISSEEL. The gentleman who reported
. the bill is not here. I presume, however, it is a
: mere omission, and probably an amendment em-
bracing the case pointed out by the gentleman had
better be inserted in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the bill so
as to strike out the word " heirs," and make the
sum payable to. the executor or administrator.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 189) " for the relief of John S.
Jones and William H. Russell, surviving partners
of Brown, Russell & Co," next came up for con-
sideration.
The report was read by the Clerk.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to the bill.
Mr. BENTON. I hope the gentfeman will
withdraw his objection for one moment, and allow
me to say a word in explanation of this bill. I
think I can satisfy him that it ought to pass.
Mr. EDGERTON. A bill of this importance,
involving a question of contract, ought to be dis-
cussed in the House. I therefore insist on my
objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, withdrawitfor a mo-
ment.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, I will do that.
Mr. BENTON. I thank the gentleman from
Ohio for withdrawing his objection, even for a mo-
ment. What I have to say to the committee is,
that this bill does not direct anything to be paid.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman that if debate arises, the bill goes
over.
Mr. BENTON. I believe 1 am only doing
what it is usual to do here—making an explana-
tion; that is all. The bill authorizes the proper
accountingofficers to examine the accounts in this
case, and pay what the actual losses may have
been. The case is an extraordinary one. Nobody
could be found except these contractors and an-
other set who went at the same time, to undertake
to carry these supplies to Santa Fe at the com-
1 mencement of the winter. They undertook to
bind themselves to no given time, but to all prac-
ticable dispatch. The two trains proceeded, and
they had arrived within forty odd miles of Santa
Fe, into the mountains there, when there came on
one of those terrible snow storms which destroy
all animal life exposed to them, if shelter is not,
obtained in the groves of timber, or what are called
in that country canons—deep hollows; and all
travelers in that country, the moment they see
the approach of one of these storms, make for a
grove of timber, or canon, m which they can ob-
! tain shelter. Well, in this case, both the trains
; stopped at the same time in one of these canons.
\ This claimant went on and represented his con-
i dition to the officer in command, and that officer
; ordered him to come on, saying that if he did not,
| the train should be brought in at his expense.
! Under that order he undertook to move, and lost
; efery animal that he had. The other train, not
' subjected to that order, remained, and not only
, saved every animal, but went on a few days after-
' wards, when the storm subsided, and sold every
i ox they had in Santa Fe. This destruction was
! occasioned by the order of the officer and the
1 threat that he would have the train brought on at
the expense of the contractor if he did not come on.
1 Mr. EDGERTON. I renew my objection to
; the bill. The bill accordingly lies over.
, House bill (No. 190) " for the relief of William
! Hawkins" coming up next in order, was objected
1 to by Mr. Letcher.
House bill (No. 193) " for the relief of Alton
| Nelson" stood next in order upon the Calendar.
| The bill and the report were read.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
j aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
! House bill (No. 195) " for the relief of Sarah
I K. Jenks, and the legal representatives of Harts-
