1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
olution taken up. It will take but a single mo-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to inquire
what the resolution relates to.
Mr. CHASE. It is a resolution which I sub-
mitted in regard to printing certain votes and pro-
ceedings on the Nebraska bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Oh! I thought we had got
through with Nebraska.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EVANS. Thea I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to provide
for the final settlement of the claims of the officers
of the Revolutionary Army, and of the widows and
orphan children of those who died in the service.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state in regard to that,
that 1 shall consider it my duty to press the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. I think we
ought to trive that the preference.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina has the right to have his motion put.
Mr. RUSK. That bill will evidently lead to a
day or two's debate. I do not like to interpose
any objection to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, for, if there is any one member of the
Senate, over another, whom I would be willing to
accommodate, it would be that honorable Senator,
but 1 know that the bill will certainly lead to de-
bate. I gave notice yesterday that L should this
morning move, in the morning hour, to take up
the bill in relation to the officers of the late Texan
navy. It has been before Congress seven oreight
years, and has always been thrown over to the last
days of the session for its consideration. It is one
of very considerable importance. The bill which
the Senator wisl#es to take up involves a great
many principles, and I feel satisfied it will lead to
debate; and if taken up it will, as a matter of
course, throw my bill out for to-day.
Mr. SLIDELL. This bill is one of more than
doubtful justice, and one which I should think it
my duty to oppose, very reluctantly, if no one
else should, I am sure it will lead to a very pro-
tracted debate, and as time is precious, I hope the
Senate will not tak« it up.
Mr. EVANS. I do not think it will lead to
any debate. I do not propose to discuss it, and I
suppose every Senator is prepared to vote upon it.
I am willing to take a vote upon it without any
discussion, and have it disposed of, so that those
people who are petitioning Congress by hundreds
should know their fate; and if they are to have
nothing,if we are to squander away hundreds of
millions upon wild schemes for the.benefit of the
present generation, let those who fought your bat-
tles in your Revolution know what is to be done
for them. If it is the pleasure of the Senate not
to take up the bill-, let it be so, but I do not pro-
pose to discuss it myself. All that I desire is, that
it may be acted upon one way or the other.
On a division no quorum voted.
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. EYANS. I hope this will be considered
a test vote.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
23, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bright, Brod-
Siead, Bmler, Clayton, Cooper, Evans, Fish, Foot, Geyer,
Gwm, flamlin, James, MaMory, Pcttit, Shields, Thomson
New Jersey, Touoey, Wade, Walker, and Waller—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Cass, Chase,
Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fitzpatrick, Gillette,
, Hour-ton, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Rock-
well, itusk, Sebastian, Shdeli, Smart, Sumner, •and Toombs
—21.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sure, Mr. President,
that it would be altogether superfluous for any
Senator on this floor to disavow any intentional
discourtesy towards the honorable Senator from !
South Carolina. As was said by my friend from
Texas, there is no gentleman here to whom, under
other circumstances, I should be more disposed to
extend every possible facility for getting up the
bill and having it acted upon. But I am very sure j
that it cannot be passed without a long and pro-
tracted debate.
I have examined the question with some degree
of attention, but I am not now prepared to give
my authorities to the Senate. I did intend, when
the bill was brought forward for consideration, to
address, at some length, my views to the Senate
against its passage. 1 have not my memoranda
with me now; and in order to test the sense of the
Senate, whether they are willing to proceed with
it now, (involving, as it does, very difficult prin-
ciples, and an expenditure of $4,000,000,) to the
detriment of matters of urgent importance before
the Senate which we scarcely have time to pasjfe,
I move that the further consideration of the bill
be postponed until the first Monday in December
next. I shall consider that a test question, and
upon it I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell, Cass,
Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa," Fuzpatnck, Gil-
lette, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennes-
see, Rockwell, Ru>k, Seba^tMii, Shdeli, Stuart, Sumner,
Thomson of New Jersey, and Toombs—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bright, Rrodheod,
Butler, Clayton, Cooper, Dixon, Dodge ot Wisconsin,
Evans, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, James, Pearee, Pettit,
Pratt, Shields, Wade, Walker, and Weller—21.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
JUDICIARY BILL.
Mr. BUTLER. I have been somewhat re-
proached by those who are interested in the sub-
ject, for not bringing forward the bill for the
reorganization of the judiciary. I rise merely
for the purpose of saying that I could not hereto-
fore ask the Senate to take it up, consistently with
the state of public business; and I give notice now
that it is my wish and desire, and I hope it will
be the general understanding that it shall be taken
up at the commencement of the next session.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. RUSK, i hope the Senator will allow me
an hour this morning for the consideration of the
Texas navy hill, it is but a little after half past
eleven o'clock; and I think it would be better to
postpone the appropriation bill for a short time.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no earthly chance
of getting through with the Senator's bill in an
hour.
Mr. RUSK. If the hour expires without its
being disposed of, I will move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I dislike to be in the way of
the Senator, but I must insist on my motion to
take up the appropriation bill. If the Senate wish
to take up the Senator's bill, they can vote down
my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the
House,making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1855;" the pending
question being on the following amendment of the
Committee on Finance, as amended:
For continuing the work for a supply of water to the
cities of Washington and Georgetown ,$500,000: Provided,
Thatnopatt of the sum hereby appropriated shall be ex-
pended until the corporations of Washington and George-
town. or either of them, shall appropriate arid pay an
amount equal to one fourth ot said sum for the same pur-
pose. And full power and authority are hereby given to
said corporations respectively to raise, by loan or other-
wise, any sum of money that may be necessary to enable
them or either of them to make the appropriation herein
required. And the said corporations «<t Washington and
Geoigetown and the inhabitant* of <aid ernes respectively,
or the corporation making the appropriation and the inhab-
itants of said city, shall be authorized to use the surplus
water which may be brought by the Washington aqueduct,
after supplying the Government establishments in Wash-
ington, under such general rules and regulations as may
hereatter be prescribed by Congress ; and each of said cor-
porations shall have the right to charge and collect of the
inhabitants of such cities such reasonable tax or rent for
the use of the water as will provide for the regular pay-
ment of the interest and gradual payment of the principal
of any money which may be raised under the authority
hereby given.
Mr. SLIDELL. I voted in the majority for
the adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I was under the
impression at the time that the amendment con-
tained the provision which I had incorporated into
the amendment previously offered by me, making
it obligatory upon the pait of the corporations of
Washington and Georgetown, not only to provide
for the payment of one fourth of the sum now
appropriated, but one fourth of all future appro-
priations for this work. I was surprised to find
after the vote had been taken, that that portion of
the amendment had been stricken out. Under
these circumstances, I think that the provision to
guard the Treasury of the United States is per-
fectly illusory. So far as I am concerned, i should
prefer the appropriation to go to the House in its
naked form, without any attempt to impose any
obligations on the part of the corporations of
Washington and Georgetown, such as are con-
tainedin the amendment as it now stands, which
I am sure will not be enforced under it. I move
the reconsideration of the vote by which that
amendment was adopted, so as to allow such a
provision to be inserted. Perhaps the Senator
from Virginia will accept the amendment which I
wish to make.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot accept it, as the
amendment has been voted on."
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I ask, if I have the
assent of the Senator from Virginia, to incorporate
that clause in the amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I shall have no ob-
jection to the Senator's amendment. If 1 under-
stand it, it is to provide that the corporations of
the District shall go on pari passu with the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. Yes, sir; both as to this and
all future appropriations, so that they may pass
an ordinance which will bind them to contribute
one fourth of all the expenditure for the water-
works.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to its
being put in.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I move to reconsider
the vote for the purpose of putting in that pro-
viso.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it can be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PRATT. It is not in order to vote the
amendment withouta reconsideration, and, there-
fore, I insist that it shall be done by a motion to
reconsider, and in no other way.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I move the reconsider-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Senator from Louisiana
moves to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment requiring the citizens of Georgetown and
Washington to appropriate one fourth the sum
appropriated by the amendment, was adopted.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to reconsider the
whole amendment, as it now stands, in order to
insert the provision to which I have referred.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Louisiana
moves to reconsider my amendment to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance. He moves it
with a view to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SLIDELL. My object is to insert after
the word " purpose," the words " and shall agree
to pay in like manner the same proportion of all
future appropriations."
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator will at-
tain his object better by moving to insert those
words without moving to reconsider.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am not very familiar with
the rules, but I understand that no motion to insert
can be made until after the amendment be recon-
sidered.
Mr. WALKER. That is a mistake; it can be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is entirely
in order to move to amend the amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I move to insert, after
the word " purpose," the words " and shall agree
to pay in like manner the same proportion of all
future appropriations."
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment. The effect of
it, to my mind, is to defeat the whole of the pro-
ject; and I would rather have it defeated openly.
If that proposition be adopted, I shall vote against
the whole amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Cell, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Cooper, Dodge of .Wisconsin, Dodge of fowa,
Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Gillette, Hamlin, Hunter,
James,Johnson, Mallory,Mason, Peiut, Sebastian, Shdell,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,Toucey, Wade,
and Walker—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Benjamin, Brod-
head, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Houston,
Jones of Tennessee, Pearre, Pratt, Rockwell, Rusk,
Shields, and Weller—19.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to
