1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
the development of the system will recover itself
in the process of time.
But, sir, does the old system, for which the Sen-
ator now proposes to abandon this experiment,
ever work with greater satisfaction than that
which was adopted on the recommendation of the
committee at the last session, and whose fruits
are successful up to this time, although it costs an
immense amount of money? I think not. We
all remember the fruit of the old system, for which
an appropriation was made. Commissioners were
sent out there, and almost the first results of their
labor was the enactment of some nineteen or
twenty treaties, which were returned here, involv-
ing the Government in theexpenditureof $800,000
or $1,000,000. It is very true that we have not ,
paid it; but this shows the operation of the sys- '
tem. The very first step winch was made in its
progress broke it down, and it has not been able
to be revived.
1 appeal to the Senators from that State, if we
abandon the only system which has worked with
anything-like results corresponding to our expect-
ations, and go back to the system of general
appropriation—to the abandoned and exploded
system which never worked with efficacy—what
are we to expect? Are we to expect results more
flattering than those developed in the operation
of this system? I think not. 1 am disposed,
therefore, to adhere to that system tenaciously,
until it shall be, by experiment, proved to have
been a failure or a successful policy. It is the
same which we adopt in reference to all the Indian
tribes at this time. It has been ingrafted on our
late treaties. It has been ingrafted on one or two
appropriations in the Indian appropriation bill;
and we intend to propose and insist upon it as a
system of general Indian appropriation, believing,
as I think, that it affords the only prospect of per-
manently civilizing and giving fixed agricultural
habits to that people.
As 1 before staled, I make no point upon the
amount of money, ff $200,000 is required instead
of $125,000, I am willing to acquiesce in the sense
of the Senate on that; but I am opposed to that
amendment which involves the abandonment of the
system on which the past approptiations have been
made, and proposes the restoration of one which
never brought forth good fruit, and which has
been heretofore abandoned. I think, sir, it is
more wise in us to pursue some system with con-
sistency, with something like a dignity of purpose;
and not be changing and vacillating between one
system and another, and going back to a policy
which never has, under the most fa\orable circum-
stances, led to anything but signal failures.
Mr. BELL. I concur entirely in the views
expressed by the Senator from Arkansas; but I
should like to make an inquiry of him in reference
loan objection which he states, that the United
States have no power to make reservations in the
State of California. Why is it that treaties have
not been made with these Indian tribes? I know
that there were treaties made in such a form and
under such circumstances, that the Senate rejected
them, or the Executive, perhaps, thought proper
not to submit them to the Senate for rejection or
ratification. But why is it that no subsequent
attempt has been made to make treaties with these
Indian tribes? I take it for granted that there is
public domain there, m the various gorges of the
mountains, where they would not interfere with
the population now in California.
A treaty is the only method of which I am
aware, by which, under the Constitution, we can
secure reservations in order to make the experi-
ment, and I have been surprised, under the cir-
cumstances, that no such tieatiea appear to have
been attempted of late, as far as 1 am informed.
Perhaps it may be that they are in progress now,
or that instructions have been transmitted to make
them, but if there be territories belongingto the
United States in California, by treaty, we can cer-
tainly secure the Indians in the enjoyment of those
reservations just as we have done in all other
cases, and just as we are authorized directly by
the Constitution to do, where the United States
are the owners of the unappropriated domain, and
where the Indians have not been incorporated as
members of the State by law. In that case we
have no power.
3t was suggested in debate yesterday, that the
people or the Legislature of California would
not, perhaps, give their consent to this plan,
Rumors were stated as existing in California, that
perhaps east of the Sierra Nevada some country
did exist on which the Indians might be located.
1 suppose, if there be any*territory unappropri-
ated by law, it would be in the power of the Gov-
ernment to select portions of the public domain on
whLh to make this experiment. But my object
m rising was to get information from the Senator
from Arkansas, to get him to inform me, if he
knew, why it was that this preliminary step had
not been taken ?
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Tennessee—for 1 really wish the benefit of his in-
formation on this subject—whether he thinks we
would have the right to take a cession of the ex-
clusive jurisdiction from the State of California
for Indian reservation? That seems to me to be
a point of doubt. 1 merely wish to a^k the ques-
tion to get the information from the Senator.
Mr. i>ELL. I only refer the honorable Sen-
ator to the practice of the Government from
Washington's administration down to this time.
The Government has never undertaken to exer-
cise the powers of sovereignty over the Indian
tribes, it is true, so far as to give them the fee-
simple in the domain. We do not do that by
treaty, and it is not necessary for the experiment
to be made that we should give them anything
but the usufructary enjoyment; but that we can
continue indefinitely.
In those States, "for example, in Texas, where
the Government owns no public domain, the
United States have forborne, for they have not had
the power, to make any such reservations. That
would have to be done with the consent of the '
Legislature of the Slate. But my experience is, i
that the Government from its foundation, has felt
at liberty, and has executed the power of making !
permanent leservations, not giving to the Indians !
the fee-simple of the soil in any State, but by
treaty stipulations, protecting the Indians in the |
enjoyment of those reservations, and this under 1
the express power of the Constitution authorizing
the Government to make treaties with the Indian ;
tribes within any States of the Union, those tribes 1
not being members qf such State, not being reeog- j
nized as such. j
Mr. RUSK. I do not apprehend that the ,
United States can take the jurisdiction of any land i
m California for the use of the Indians, without j
the consent of California. The United States, i
though, have certainly the authority and power to !
set otf for the use of the Indians, any amount of
territory they choose, and prescribe rules and reg-
ulations for their government. The Constitution :
expressly gives the power to Congress to regulate !
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes; and
under that article of the Constitution it has been j
constantly the practice of the Government to set j
aside portions of the country for the use of the j
Indians, and establish certain rules to prevent en-
croachments on them, and thus carry out the 1
power expressly granted by the Constitution.
Now, I should be very sorry to see this attempt I
in California abandoned. I should feel extreme ,
reluctance to see it abandoned; and I should also J
feel extreme reluctance to make any rules or reg- ;
illations in regard to the Indians which should be j
distasteful to the State of California. I know I
how these things are. At the time these reserva- I
Hons were selected and taken thecountiy was not \
settled. There is a population going into Cali- j
fornia rapidly, and perhaps encroaching on the
Indians; and this may lead to some inconvem- i
ences. I do not think, however, that we ought \
to abandon the plan. To abandon the policy I 1
think would be wrong. The leason given for it is j
simply that the superintendent of Indian afffairs j
there has not made a report of the fund which he
last received. j
This is rather an extraordinary time for the j
Indian appropriation bill to be in the Senate. I j
know nothing of the facts in relation to the report, |
except what is stated by the ComrrR'ssioner of j
Indian Affairs, i have a great deal of confidence j
in the superintendent, m his intelligence and
energy, and the character of the man, so far as !
my acquaintance extends with him. We have !
reports from him that he Iris collected a number j
of Indians; and that they have gone to work, and
are learning to farm, and make provision for
themselves, and so far are gett.ng along admirably
well.
1 think the best plan would be to compromise
this measure somewhat. I am not disposed to
stint California, or to stint the Indian Bureau m
the appropriations necessary to carry out this plan.
One of the Senators from California, and perhaps
both,yesterdayratheropposed theobtainiogof any
reservation on whirh to place the Indians. Now,
I would not be willing to vote to abandon this
measure, but would make the appropriation as pro-
posed in theamendment offered by thecommittee.
I am not disposed to confine myself to the sum
recommended by the committee, of which I hap-
pen to be a member. I am willing to vote for any
reasonable sum that may be necessary.
I would propose to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and the Senator from
California, that we increase the appropriation to a
reasonable amount for this object. I think, myself,
in the first law which was passed, authorizing the
reservation,twenty-five thousmid^Pbresof land was
too much, as was mentioned by one of the Sena-
tors yesterday. I think eiffht thousand acres in a
place is amply sufficient. There is a lessexposure
to the collisions which will naturally take place
between them and the white people; and I think
that eight thousand acres is as much as ought to
be selected in such a way by the head of the In-
dian Bureau or the properofticer—perhaps the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs in California would
be the best judge of that—so as not to throw the
white population near the Indians.
I have no objection to increasing the appropri-
ation; but as it seemstobedistasteful to California
—she may exterminate the Indians, it is true; but in
doing that many valuable iives would be lost, and
there would be uncertainty and difficulty on the
frontier; it would be cruel to the Indians, and
hurtful, I think, to theState of California, because
valuable lives would be lost, and a formidableand
troublesome enemy would be had upon the bor-
ders, assassinating the peaceful citizens—I am
willing, so far as I am concerned, to increase the
appropriation, and to make its expenditure, and
the further progress of the affair, dependent upon
some provision that it shall be expended in the
manner proposed, with the assent of the State of
California.
Mr. WALKER. In the report of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for California, he asks
that there shall be appropriated the further sum
of §500,000 to enable him to proceed with his
scheme for the Indians m California. While that
proposition is under consideration in the Indian
bureau, it is deemed, in concurrence with the
views, as we hear, of one of the Senators from
California, that the sum asked for by the superin-
tendent is too large; and the sum of §200,000 is
finally settled upon in the Indian bureau. The
appropriation ot that sum is recommended by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, In their investi-
gation and inquiry into this matter, theCommittee
on Indian Affairs find, that as yet, a large unex-
pended balance remains in the hands of the super-
intendent for that section of country. I believe
that unaccounted for balance is about $180,000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Nearer $250,000.
Mr. WALKER. Iam told that my recollec-
tion is not correct; that there is nearly $250,000
unaccounted for, and yet in the hands of the
superintendent of Indian affairs in that section
of country. Well, sir, there are other circum-
stances connected with the expenditure of that
money which it is unnecessary for me to mention.
There are those who have looked into them more
carefully tharr 1 have; and if it be important that
they should be mentioned at all in this investiga-
tion, it will be done by others, and perhaps by
the honorable Senator from Missouri, our Pre-
siding Officer, [Mr. Atchison-;] bat I do not
know that it will be neeessary to advert to them
at all.
This unexpended or unaccounted for balance re-
mains m the hands of the superintendent. Then,
while the Committeeon Indian Affairs had the sub-
ject under consideration, they deemed that an addi-
tional $125,000 would be amply sufficient for the
ensuing fiscal year. I do not think there is any
one who, upon looking at the subject, can come
rationally to any other conclusion. I can see no
necessity for adding to the $250,000, of which no
account has yet been given, the further sum of
$900,000, making $450,000 to be expended by the
superintendent of Indian affairs in California for
the next fiscal year.
This session of Congress will last probably
