832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
home R. Thomas, in the matter of the brig Jane,"
came up next in.order for consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is one of
those old Spanish claims rejected by the Board of
Commissioners under the Florida treaty of Feb-
ruary, 1819, and ought to lay over. 1 object to
its consideration to-day.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
The bill (No. 196) " for the relief of Gilbert C.
Russell" coming up in order for consideration,
was objected to by Mr. Walsh, and laid over.
The bill (No. 199) " for the relief of Thomas
C. Greene" came up next in order.
The reading of the report of the committee was
called for.
Mr. HUGHES. No report was made in this
case, because the preamble recited all the facts of
the case. The bill merely authorizes the correc-
tion of an error on the part of the Government,
and is reported in pursuance of the recommenda-
tion of jhe Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there no conflict ?
Mr. HUGHES. None at all.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there nobody else claim-
ing the land ?
Mr. HUGHES. Nobody, sir. It is a mere
change of location.
Mr. WALSH. As the bill gives rise to dis-
cussion, I object.
The bill was laid over under the rule.
The bill next on the Calendar for consideration
was Senate bill (No. 76) (t authorizing Victor
Morass to relinquish certain lands, and to enter
the same quantity elsewhere."
The Clerk read the bill and the accompanying
report.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, there is evi-
dently not a quorum present; I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Chairman, the Chair
can count the committee, and see whether there is
a guorum present, if there be no objection. There
are but five ayes on the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is somewhat
in doubt as to that.
Tellers were called for, and ordered. Messrs.
Wheeler and Ciiurciiwell were appointed such
tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 3, noes 97.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting, the
Clerk will call the roll.
The Clerk then called the roll, after which sev-
eral members desiring to have their names entered
as present—
Mr. HOUSTON said, J rise to a point of order.
It is, that uo gentleman, who was not within the
bar when his name was called, can have his name
recorded.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order well tnken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The custom has been to
allow the names of those who were present to be
entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the rule in relation to a call of the roll.
The 126th rule was then read, as follows:
"Whenever the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Umou, oi the Committee of the Whole House, finds
its-olf without a quotum, the chairman .shall cau*e the roll
of the House to be called, and thereupon the committee
shall use, and the Chairman shall report the names of the
absentees to the House, which shall be entered on tfie
Journal."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Now read the rule
requiring members to be within*the bar, and we
shall see that it is confined exclusively to voting;
and unless members are excluded by it, they have
the right to have their names recorded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This course is
certainly contrary to the uniform practice under
this rule. The practice has been, whenever the
committee finds itself without a quorum, to call
the roll; and when it has been called, the Chair
listens to no addresses made to it, but immedi-
ately makes his report to the House. There is
no calling over the absentees, as in the case of a
call of the House.
Mr BAYLY. I ask for the reading of the rule
requiring: members to be within the bar.
Mr. JONES. That rule does not apply to this
case.
Mr. BAYLY. That is the very reason why a
member has a right to have his name entered.
Mr. JONES. Not at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that if a member is within the bar when his
name is called, he has a right to have his name
recorded.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was not within the bar
when my name was called; I was in the Senate at
the time. If the Chair decides that I have not a
right to answer to my name, 1 wish to take an ap-
peal. I will state the reasons upon which I base
my appeal. It is that the only object of the rule
is to ascertain, before the committee report, whether
there is a quorum presentor not. Now, the com-
mittee has made no report; and if there is aquorum
present, as a matter of course, the object of the
rule is accomplished.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
found itself without a quorum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We have a quorum.
Mr. JONES. The committee cannot ascertain
that. The rule requires the roll to be called, and
the Chairman to report the same to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the Chair decide that
I have no right to take an appeal upon a point of
order ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. If my recollection
serves mfe right, it has been customary to call over
a second time the names of those who have not
answered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of no
such rule.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Hibbard] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House had, according to or-
der, had under consideration the Private Calen-
dar, and made progress therein; but having found
itself without a quorum, had ordered the roll to
be called, and directed him to report to the House
the names of the absentees.
A quorum being present, the committee again
resumed its session, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill next in order is
Senate bill No. 76, but there was a motion pend-
ing that the committee rise.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I renew the motion.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in or-
der before the committee is Senate bill (No. 76)
" authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish certain
lands, and to enter the same quantity elsewhere."
The bill has already been read by the Clerk, and
if not objected to, will be laid aside to be reported
to the House.
Mr. Walsh objected; and it was laid over.
Senate bill (No. 73) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased,"
next came up in its order for consideration; but
being objected to by Mr. Lane, of Indiana, was
laid over.
Senate bill (No. 127) " for the relief of John
Pagan" next came up in order for consideration.
The bill and report were then read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to make a simple
statement in this case.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not m order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to any bill which
gives rise to discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made, the
bill must be laid aside.
House bill (No. S5) £< for the relief of Grafton
Baker" next came up in its order for considera-
tion.
The bill and report were then read.
The report was read by the Clerk, from which
it appears that in the summer of 1852, Wiiliam
CarrLane, who was at that time Governor of
New Mexico, went to the Mesilla district to take
possession of the same; that he issued a proclama-
tion, and claimed jurisdiction of the country until
the boundary line between Mexico and the Terri-
tory of New Mexico should be established by
Mexico and the United States. The claim of the
United States to jurisdiction was resisted by mili-
tary force by the authorities of the State of Chi-
huahua. The Governor of New Mexico deemed
it advisaole to lay the whole subject before the
President of the United States as soon as possible;
and for that purpose he employed the petitioner
as bearer of dispatches to the President of the Uni-
ted States; the Governor being at that time three
hundred miles south of Santa Fe, where he em-
ployed Grafton Baker to convey a communication
upon the subject to Washington city, to be deliv-
ered to the President.
Mr. Baker performed thatservice in about thirty
days; and the Secretary of State could not pay him
for his services, because there was no fund from
which the expenses of Mr. Baker could lawfully
be paid.
A letter from William CarrLane, late Governor
of the Territory of New Mexico, alter stating the
circumstances on account of which he deemed it
advisable to lay the subject of the Mesilla district
before the President of the United States, repre-
sents that he was then three hundred miles south
of Santa Fc, and that it would have been impru-
dent tohave trusted a communication of such grave
importance to the uncertainties of that mail route;
that it was, therefore, intrusted to the care of the
Hon. Grafton Baker to be delivered, for which the
compensation claimed was but reasonable.
A letter from W. L. Marcy, Secretary of State,
represents that the claim of Mr. Baker for his ex-
penses as bearer of dispatches from Governor
Lane, of New Mexico, having been considered
just and reasonable, would have been allowed and
paid by the Department, if there had been any
funds at its disposal from which, with propriety,
the payment could have been made.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
A joint resolution " directing the accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury to adjust the accounts of
William Woodbury, late pension agent at Port-
land, Maine," stood next in order upon the Cal-
endar.
Thejoint resolution and report were read.
Discussion arising, the joint resolution was ob-
jected to by Mr. Walsh, and laid over.
House bill (No. 237) "for the relief of Mary
Deany, widow of the late Lieutenant James A.
Dean y, of the United States Army," stood next in
order upon the Calendar.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Deany upon the pension
roll of the United States, and to cause to be paid
to her the sum of fifteen dollars per month for a
term of ten years, commencing January 1, 1853;
provided, that in case of the marriage or death of
said Mary Deany, the pension hereby granted
shall be paid to her two children, or the survivor
of them.
The report was read by the Clerk.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (No. 238) " for the relief of John 3. King,
of Virginia," came up next in ordei.
The bill and accompanying repoit were read
through.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know from
the gentleman who reported that bill the reason for
going back to January, 1853 5
Mr. ORR. Why do they notgo to the Pension
Office, if the facts be as stated ?
Mr. LETCHER. That is true; I object to the
consideration of the bill to-day.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
Bills of the following titles coming up next in
order, and being objected to as indicated below,
were laid over:
No. 239 "A bill for the relief of Hiram Moore
and John Hascall." [Objected to by Mr. Letch-
er.]
S. 125. 6( An act for the relief of Ezra Wil-
liams." [Objected to by Mr. Greenwood, after
the bill and accompanying report had been read
through.]
The bill next on the Calendar for consideration
was Senate bill (No. 90) ' 'for the relief of Charles
Cooper."
> The Clerk read the bill directing the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
pay to Charles Cooper, of Bangor, Maine, the
sum of $300 in full for interest due to him from
the United States.
Mr. WALSH objected; and the bill was laid
over.
The bill next on the Calendar for consideration
was Senate bill (No. 91) " for the relief of James
Dunning."
The Clerk read the bill, directing the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
