1900
July 25,
Thequestion recurring tfpon the amendment of
the committee as'amended,
Mr.- ADAMS called for the. yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and taken with the following
result:
YEASr-Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Broribead, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clayton, Uooper,
Dawson, Duon, Douglas, Fessenden,Fish, Gwin, Hamhn,
Hunter,James, Johnson, Mallory, Mason, Rockwell,ilusk,
Shields, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Welle*—32.
- NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodgeof Iowa, Evans,"Fi&patrick, Foot, Houston, Jones
of Tennessee, Pearce,Pratt<>.Sebastian, Siidell, Thomson
of New Jersey, and Toombs—15.
So it was adopted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
provision just adopted by adding the following
proviso:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ex-
pended unless in pursuance of a extract to be made with
the most responsible biddei, after first inviting proposals
for sixty days in twelve or, more daily journals tor the furn-
ishing of all the matenals, labor, tools, machinery, etc.,
and th« completion of the entire work, agreeably to the
approved plan of Lieutenant M. C. Mngs, as embraced m
t his report, withm two years from the date of the contract,
i the contract price fur the whole workui no event to exceed
i the estimate of $2,300,000.
* Mr. HUNTER. I do not exactly understand
this amendment, unless the object be to transfer
the management of the work from the control of
the Secretary of War, where it now is.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The object is, that it
shall be done under the general direction of the
•Secretary of War, but by contract under the lim-
itations prescribed.
Mr. STUART. I submit a question of order to
the Chair, whether this provision can be amended
now. The question has been taken by the Senate
upon the amendment of the Committee on Fmanct,
as amended,and that has been adopted. I submit
that now it is too late to amend that.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
Michigan is undoubtedly right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is not m order.
The final vote upon the amendment has been
taken.
Mr. WALKER. I am inclined to think that,
even after a proposition has been adopted, it may
be amended, according to parliamentary law, by
adding something to it. I think you will find it
so laid down, sir. It would be singular, indeed,
if, after you vote upon an amendment, you can-
not afterwards amend the bill. That is this
case, because an amendment when adopted be-
comes a part of the bill; it would be very
strange indeed, if you could not amend by adding
something to the bill, though it might be in con-
junction with the immediate proposition last voted
upon. I think you will find it so laid down in
Jefferson's Manual.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now m the Senate, and not in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WALKER. I am aware of thai; but this,
it seems to me, can be amended at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have taken a final vote on the amendment of the
committee, and it has been adopted.
Mr. WALKER. That is true; but it does
not preclude a further amendment to the bill.
This now becomes a part of the bill, and cer-
tainly, it seems to me, it would be in order to
move the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not the pro-
vision which has just been adopted as an amend-
ment.
Mr. CHASE. The Chair will allow me to
make a suggestion. The amendment which has
been recently voted upon has now become a part
of the bill, and the bill is liable to be amended
precisely as it was before. The amendment moved
by the Senator from Iowa is an amendment moved
to the bill, and not an amend ment to an amendment,
and is, therefore, I think, clearly in order.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If the amendment is
not in order as a proviso, perhfips it can be moved
in the form of an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No doubt it
will be in order as an additional section.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I offer it in that
form.
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator from
Iowa will add to his amendment a proposition to
keep the superintendence where it is, and to allow
the superintending officer, under the direction of
the War Department, to reject the work if.it iis
improper, so that we may be sure of having it
well done, I shall vote for his amendment; but 1
think some provision of this sort is necessary.
And another thing I wish to suggest. Can this
wqgijjbe properly done within two years ? Is not
thc^Rji'c too short? I do not know, ho.w that is.
This'is not the material point with me; the other
is. I desire that the work, M it goes on, shall be
within the control of the superintending officer; so
that, when the $2,000,000 are all expended, it shall
not be lost by our receiving a work which is in a
bad condition. It is a great deal better to check
the errors as they go on,, and to give the officer
discretion to do so, than it is afterwards to bring
up the w.hoLe proposition in dispute. I think the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa should be
modified in that way.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will make the time
three years; and as there is nothing in the amend-
ment which provides for any transfer from the
War Department to any other Department, I
hardly think it necessary to say anything on that
subject; but I am willing to insert-the provision
which the Senator from Michigan suggests, if he
thinks it necessary;
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mi-. President, the Sena-'
tor who offers the amendment, proposes to con-
tinue the work under the superintendence of the
War Department, and the engineer now in charge.
Does not that give them entire control over the
subject?' The engineer is to inspect'the work:
the War Department is to take charge of it. If
so, why not give it to them entirely? Has hot
the system of contracts proved an entire failure ?
Has not the Secretary of the Navy reported to
us in his annual report that it has been a failure
in the Navy? I fear it will always be so. Sir,
you cannot well carry on a great work of this
kind by contract; and if you have not confidence
in the head of the War Department, or in the en-
gineer in charge, this amendment will be of no
service. It will not restrain them at all. They
are to give the contract lo the " best responsible
bidder." Who is to judge of that but the War
Department?
Why, sir, in all these matters, if the work is
to be constructed, we should make the appropria-
tion, and leave the expenditures to the proper De-
partment as a matter of administration. We can-
not administer the fund here. All we can do, is
to make the appropriation in this and other cases,
and if we have not sufficient confidence in the
persons who are to expend the money, we had
better not make the appropriation at all. The right
mode to make appropriations for the Army and
Navy, or for any of the Departments of the public
service, is for Congress to make the appropriation,
and leave the question of expenditure as a matter
of administration.
On these grounds, I object to this amendment.
It is no restraint, in the first place, because it re-
fers the matter to the discretion of the head of the
War Department and the engineer in eharge. I
object to it, also, upon the ground that experience
has proved that the contract system is a failure,
and answers no useful purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I trust my
friend from Iowa wil! not press this amendment.
Concurring as I do in everything that the Senator
from Pennsylvania has just said, I.would remind
the Senate that our fortifications throughout the
entire country, under the engineer department,
are conducted apart from the contract system.
The money is appropriated by Congress, and the
Chief of the Engineer Corps and the Secretary of
War are held responsible for the construction of
the public works, by contract or otherwise, as
they think best. In some portions of the country
contracts, to small amounts, for the supply of
particular materials, are necessarily made; but
they are made upon the responsibility of the
engineer officer in charge of the work, and we can
hold him accountable; but, as a general thing,
ii these funds are administered, and administered
11 very economically by the engineer officers them-
Ij selves, apart from contracts.
P Now, sir, the contract system has been shown
here very frequently to be entirely unsatisfactory.
But a few days ago we had an example of it pre-
sented to us. In my own State, Congress has
undertaken to construct a floating dock for naval
purposes; it has expended under the contract sys-
tem nearly fLOOO.OGfrin the construction of that,
dock; and here is the fact staring as* in the face-
that, for all public uses, that dock might just as-
well be in the middle of the Atlantic ocean. It is>
perfectly worthless. No ship of any size at all,
either a frigate or a line-of-battle-ship, can be taken-
on it, and carried into the basin. There it stands;, ■
and as my colleague said, on this Soot, in .which
expression of opinion-1 entirely-concur, the Gov-
ernment would absolutely save money by cutting
the dock loose and letting it go to sea. In three-
or five years it will be entirely destroyed by worms.
An attempt to put a ship on it has entirely failed,
and the board- who examined it, so pronounced.
That is an example of the contract system. Shalt
we continue it when we have such frequent proofs
before us, that it cannot be carried out with ad-
vantage to the public service? I think not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from
Pennsylvania who resisted this amendment, it
strikes me, has made some most extraordinary
assertions with regard to the contract system. I
understood him to say that it had- been repudiated
by all the branches of the Government, and found
to be a failure every where.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not intend to make
the assertion quite so broad as that. I say i 
most instances it is a failure, and that you cannot
carry on works of this kind as well by contract
as you can otherwise. The engineer in charge
and the Department now have power to make a-
contract if they choose, and to give it to the -low-
est bidder. Many portions of this work, no doubt,
will be given to the lowest bidders; but I do not
think we should make an imperative provision
requiring the whole of it to be so giren.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am happy, sir, to
hear the correction of the Senator. I know that
in regard to some very important works of inter-
nal improvement now being carried on on the
Mississippi river, to wit, the removal of the ob-
structions of the Des Moines and Rock river rap-
ids, for which Congress appropriated §100,000,
the Secretary of War adopted the contract sys-
tem, and has let the work. The supplies for the
different Departments here are furnished by con-
tract. It strikes me that we can have no better
way to carry on these works. I apprehend that
the officers of the Topographical Corps are most
competent to conduct the general operations, and
especially the scientific portion of a work like this;
but the superintendence of the men who do the
work and the proper judgment as to what they
do, belongs to another branch and a different one
entirely. I think the amendment will work well,
I am willing to adopt any suggestion of any Sen-
ator which will carry out the object I have in view,
which is to get the work completed within a rea-
sonable time, and have a guarantee that the cost
will not exceed the estimates.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should like very much to
be able to vote for the amendment of my friend
from Iowa, if I could do so, or if I thought it one
which would conduce to economy i or to a more
efficient construction of this work; but I am com-
pelled, as far as I understand the subject, to agree-
almost generally with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
I think that the contract system has, in fact,
failed; and I believe that is the general impression
of the Departments. As far as I have been able
to make inquiries into thesubject, it has given rise
to more roguery than any other system in the
Government. I was reading, the other day, a let-
ter from an English gentleman, writing home from
Russia, in which he says that all the public works
in Russia are constructed by contract. He says
the Government will contract for oak, and the
contractors will furnish pine, and that is one
reason why their vessels are not able to go out
and cope with their opponents. He says that, as
a general rule throughout that whole Empire, the
contractors make it a matter of conscience to cheat
the Government.
I think, sir, that, as a general rule here, as well
as in Russia, contractors make it a matter of con-
science to cheat the Government. In regard to all
Executive departments, as far as I have been able
to investigate the subject, and as far as I have
taken the opinions of men who have been con-
nected with it, the conclusion to which I have
come is, that we pay more for the work under
contract, and that it is worse done, and the mate-
rials are more deficient, than under any other
