1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
until towards the first of September. Congress
meets again on the first Monday in December,
and if disaster should arise from the appropriation
being too small, it will be an easy matter for
Congress to remedy the evil. I think still, there-
fore, that the appropriation of $125,000 in addition
to that now in the hands of the superintendent of
Indian affairs in California, will be amply suffi-
cient.
But, sir, we were apprised, yesterday, that
another difficulty has arisen; that in California
serious objections are growing up to this policy
of the Government. The State, or the people of
the State, are objecting to the location of the In-
dians upon these military reservations. I confess
that what reflection 1 have heen nhle to bestow
on the subject, lias brought my mind to the con-
clusion that we have not power to do it without
the consent of California. • Some are disposed to
start the further question, whether we can doit
with the consent of California, under the provis-
ions of the Constitution. I am inclined to think,
for one, that we can do it.
We have, then, under the state of the case, two
propositions from the Senators from California. !
One proposes to appropriate $200,000 generally,
which must be seen by the Senate is an abandon-
ment of the scheme now attempted to be executed
in California, of the scheme established, or entered
upon at the last Congress, and going back again
to the old system of general appropriations for
the benefit of the Indian tribes. The other prop-
osition is nothing more nor less than to increase
the sum from $12.),000 to §200,000, and to go on
with the plan upon which we have entered. I
think the Senate had better vote them both down,
and take the recommendation of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. I should regret exceedingly to
see the Senate abandon the plan which has been
commenced. It must be borne in mind by every
Senator, that the condition of our country is such
now, that we must necessarily resort to some plan
by which we shall establish a permanent system
for the Indian tribes. It is got so now, that we
have no other place to send them; we find them
in their condition surrounded by the whites. The
last inch of territory is being organized. We have
no place then to send them beyond the limits of
these countries organized for civil government.
Finding them, then, as we do, in different locali-
ties of the United States, it would seem that we
must necessarily adopt some permanent system
for their government, for their control, for the
amelioration of their condition. It cannot be done,
it would seem, in any other way than upon the
plan of locating them permanently upon reserva-
tions, granting these reservations for their pur-
pose, and sacredly maintaining the grant.
if it is proposed to locate them in this way,
within the borders of States already established, :
as [ before remarked, it is my opinion that we j
would have to obtain the consent of the State. In I
the State of Wisconsin, that consent has been i
given, as I remarked yesterday, to the location >
there of one of the Indian tribes, the Menomo- !
nees. Their reservation has been surveyed for
them, and they are located upon it. There is !
there a good superintendent. He is suggesting, j
from time to time, plans by which the Govern- ,
ment shall proceed in the matter, and bring the
Indians to habits of industry, and teach them ag- ]
riculture, and establish among them schools. So j
far as the matter has gone, we can seeatall events, \
that the Indians have become contented. They (
have thus become, collectively and individually, ]
interested in the policy of the Government. They j
are beginning to see, as well as the white popula- ,
tion must see, that they have now to conform their i
habits and their lives to this permanent state of the
case; that they can go nowhere else. Seeing this, as
they rationally must do, they begin to manifest an
interest which is really pleasing to those who look i
•with an eye of regard on the condition of the In- :
dian tribes. They are beginning to manifest that j
rational view of their condition, and I do sincerely «
believe, that under the quiet management of that '
Indian tribe, it will be soon seen that they will j
become agriculturists, that they will send their j
children to school, that they will imbibe educa- i
tion, and finally become, so far as such a racecan ]
become, good citizens. ]
This is but in miniature the plan which is pro- j
posed here, except that in Wisconsin they are not i
under military rule. It is but in miniature the plan, !
with that exception, which is proposed in Cali-
fornia. There the number of Indians is vastly
greater; but 1 have no doubt in my own mind,
that when they, by contact with the whites, under
this system, which is one of protection, shall see
that it is the last thing that can be done for them,
they will then, themselves, lend their hand as
helpers to the Government, and co-work with the
Government in the amelioration of their own con-
dition. But if we now abandon it, what are we
to do? If we no longer pursue this plan, but in-
definitely, vaguely, and generally make appropri-
ationsfor theirsubsistence,and forthe maintenance
of peace with them, what can they see m the pros-
pect, in the future, of hope to themselves, that they
are to have anything like a permanent condition?
They can see nothing which they will have to inter-
est them now to fix their minds upon a future and a
better condition. Butiftheplan shall be persevered
in, I have no doubt, in my own mind, that an inter-
est will grow up among them, and that very soon,
not only in point of expense, but in point of trouble
and of exertion on the part of the Government, the
system will vastly ameliorate itself. I cannot, how-
ever, see the necessity, for the next fiscal year, of
inn easing the expenditure to the amount proposed,
i do not believe that it will be a benefit to the In-
dians. I do not believe that it will be a benefit to
the Government. The Government, in tiynig
this scheme, ought to do it cautiously; it ought to
move cautiously; it ought to see that it has a taith-
ful superintendent; that he treats the Indians fairly;
that he is honest towards the Government, and
prompt in making his reports; and that he gives
results so that Congress can, at all times, have
under its supervision the working of the plan as
it proceeds.
But, at present, I must say it is a subject of re-
gret to me, as an individual takings dee}) interest
in this matter, that the superintendent has not
been more prompt than he has in making his re-
ports; that he has not been more pumipt than he
has m giving us information of the working of
the system in detail; that he should at all be in
default in giving us the fullest information, the
fullest account of the expenditures, and the fullest
statement that he possibly could, by which we
might be guided. While he has not done so, he
may not be amenable to censure; but it occurs to
me, and it probably will occur to the entire Senate,
that it is a matter which should render us cautious
in making large appropriations, and handmgthem
over to the same hands, which seems to be negli-
gent, so far, in reporting the expenditure of the
money that has been already appropriated.
Mr. SliWARD. Mr. President, I think a very
short retrospect of the history of the policy of the
country in regard to the Indians, will show js
why it is that we have never been successful here-
tofore in civilizing them by bringing them into
reservations, and why it is that henceforth we are
to be successful in that policy. When we began
to bring the Indians into reservations in the At-
lantic States, we found a portion of them desirous,
and ready, and well disposed to adopt the habits of
civilized life; but we found another and perhaps a
much larger proportion, always retaining their
migratory dispositions, tastes, and habits; and the
circumstances of the country were such that, while
the white man crowded upon the reservations that
were made for the Indians who desired to remain,
there was a vast and illimitable wilderness beyond,
to which the Indian might resoit, and where,
instead of being cramped in small reserves, he
might enjoy his native liberty in new and fresher
and better hunting grounds. And, therefore, the
Indians were always divided, and, in the divis-
ions, the colonies which were reserved at home
were neglected, and the tribes we sent abroad
were poor, helpless, and dependent upon the fa-
vor of the Government.
As the honorable Senator from Wisconsin has
said, we ^ve reached the end of that condition of
circumstances. There are no longer new hunting
grounds to he assigned to the Indians; ond when
we assign them a reservation, it must be the last,
and they must conform to the habits of civilized
life, and m proportion as they do so, contract
their disposition and inctease their ability to cul-
tivate the earth, so that they can submit to acon-
traction even of the limits of those reservations
themselves. When we shall have attained this
condition of circumstances, I believe that there
will be found to be no difficulty in bringing the
Indians into the habits and customs and pursuits
of civilized man. Such is the condition at which
we have already arrived in the State of New
York, in regard to the remnants of the Six Na-
tions. After division upon division, and after
removing what were called the heathen or savage
portion further west, from time to time, we have
at last, reservations there in which the Indians are
becoming agriculturists, and are becoming moral,
upright, sober, intelligent, and virtuous citizens,
maintaining schools, carrying on merchandise,
and so conducting themselves, in both reserves
which we have made for them, small indeed
though they are, as to disarm all prejudice on the
part of the white man, and win the favor of the
Governor of the State, and of all classes of citizens
by whom they are surrounded.
I think the people of California will find that
they will not be crowded by these Indians, if they
allow them reservations ample for the present
purposes, and that the pacific disposition which
they always manifest when necessity for a resort
to the chase has passed away, will win the favor
of the people of that State, as it does, I am sure,
in all the other States where they are gathered to-
gether into reservations, from which they have no
longer any disposition to escape.
To the question which was put by the honor-
able Senator from Virginia as to whether the Gov-
ernment has a right to take a cession from Cali-
fornia, or to take the consent of California to set
apart a reservation for the Indians in that State, I
answer, that the General Government has exclusive
power to negotiate by treaty with the Indians;
and it has also the power to make arrangements,
with the cotisent of the States. There can be no
doubt that it would be unwise, on the part of the
Government, to force Indian population into the
territory of a State without its consent; hut after
the consent of the State has been obtained, the
power is ample to place them upon their own na-
tive ground, or, if you have not that ground, to
place them upon any other which you possess,
by virtue of your right of eminent domain in the
States, or even on that which you may obtain by
treaty or purchase from other Governments.
Mr. GW1N. My great desire is to have a
sufficient appropriation forthe purpose of subsist-
ing these Indians during the approaching fiscal
year. In regard to these reservations, as I stated
yesterday, it is a new policy, it may or may not
be beneficial. The reservation which has been
already selected is at Tejcn Pass, and is cer-
tainly one of the most beautiful places in the
world. I have been there, and certainly I never
saw a more beautiful location. It is well adapted
to the puipose, because it is a very rich piece
of ground, and is almost surrounded by moun-
tains. On the east, south, and west, is the coast
range of mountains. That range and the Sierra
Nevada come together near this point. Imme-
diately north is the Tulare valley, which cannot
be cultivated. I do not know of any other place
in the world where those Indians could be so
isolated from the white population as at that
point, and it is one of the most beautiful places
I have ever seen. J'hat p&rtion which is occu-
pied by the Indians is very productive, and will
no doubt yield enough to subsist a great number
of Indians. I think ten thousand acres, proposed
by my colleague as the limit of any one reserva*
tion, will cover all the land there which they need
for cultivation.
t I have not opposed this policy; but I am not in
[ favor of forcing it on the people of California, i
| wish to have the amendment simply specify that
| the appiopriation is for the removal, subsistence,
■ and, I will add, settlement of the Indians. I wish
; to leave the matter with the Secretary of the in"
1 tenor. Let him adopt that policy which he thinks
: wisest and best. Give him means to prevent col-
: hsions between the Indians and the whites. I
; have adopted the suggestion of the Senator from
; Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and will add to the
! amendment which I wish to propose, the word
, " settlement/1 so as to have the appropriation for
i the " removal, subsistence, and settlement," of the
1 Indians. I think the main point is to give a suffi-
j cient amount and authority to the Secretary of
j the Interior. He has asked for a certain amount,
i and 1 am willing to give what he has asked for,
| and I wish to give him full discretion in the ex-
i penditure of the money.
! The Senator from Wisconsin says that there
