1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S 85
course of his speech he replied to the argument
delivered yesterday by the Senator from Ohio.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WADE next obtained the floor, and
mo-ved that the further consideration of the subject
be postponed until Monday.
The motion was agreed to by a vote of 23 yeas
to 17 nays; as follows:
YI^S—Allen, Badger, Bell, Brodhead, Butler,
Ca^s, <.'la\ton, Dawson, Everett, Fish, Foot, Houston,
Jones of Tennessee, Norris, Sebastian. Seward, Smith,
Stuart, Sumner,Thomson of New Jersey,Toueev, Wade,
and William*—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Brown,Clav, Dixon,
Dod<rp of Wisconsin, JDodee of Iowa, Douglas", Evans,
Fitzpatrirk, Geyer, Gwin, Mason, Pettit, Slidell, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, and Weiler—17
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 6, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved. |
Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, of Texas, appeared in !
his seat this morning.
INTERNATIONAL WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand, and now desire to present, a memorial of
the American Geographical and Statistical Society,
signed by their distinguished officers, among whom
are George* Bancroft, as President, and Henry
Grinnell, as Vice President, in which they set forth
that the weights and measures now in use in the
United States, from their variety, complexity, and
uncertainty, are calculated to mislead and perplex
large numbers of the people; that serious embar-
rassments daily occur in our foreign commerce
from the want of a common international standard;
that the importance of a simplification of weights
and measures has frequently engaged the attention
of eminent statesmen at home and abroad; and that,
at this time, it is occupying the attention of the
British Government and of other Governments on
the continent of Europe and of South America; I
that the present moment seems auspicious for a [
common effort among the leading nations in this j
direction; and also to establish a common merid- |
ian line; and that our Republic, from its charac- '
ter and position, is favorably circumstanced for i
organizing such a movement. The memorialists, ,
therefore, pray that Congress will take into con- j
sideration the propriety of a thorough revision of ■
our national weights and measures, and the ex- :
pediency of inviting the other nations, by a scien- ■
tific congress, or in some other way, to secure the ;
establishment of an international standard. j
Such is the prayer of this memorial; and allow ,
me to add, that in its accomplishment there will !
be a new triumph of civilization, and anew bond 1
of peace, a new instrument of daily convenience i
and happiness. |
This subject does not properly fall within the !
province of one of the standing committees; but, ;
on former occasions, resolutions touching weights j
and measures have emanated from the Committee |
on the Library; and I beg now to move the refer- j
enceof the memorial and accompanying documents j
to that committee. 1
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives ;
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ- |
cing that it had passed the following bills; which ,
were read a first and second time by their titles, j
and referred to the committees annexed: |
A bill to cede to the State of Illinois that part ;
of the Cumberland road lying within said State— 1
Committee on Roads and Canals.
A bill for the relief of Madison Parton—Com-
mittee of CUums.
A bill for the relief of Henry L. Halstead—
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Hammond, of
the State of New York—Committee of Claims.
A Jjil) for the relief of TIenry J. Snow, of Rome,
in the State of New Yoik—Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill for the relief of Lemuel Hudson—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of George S, Claflin—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of James P. Green—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Frazer—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham—
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Samuel W. Brady—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Fayette Mauzy and Robert ,
G. Ward—Committee on the Judiciary. ;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
the late John E. Bispham—Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of John O. Mears—Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Lyjnan N. Cook—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Emelie Hooe, widow of
Captain Hooe—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for tire relief of John Hamilton—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of the Utica Steam Woolen
Company—Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Gray, McMurdo & Co.—
Committee of Claims.
A bill for the lelief of George W. Gibson—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Parmelia Slavin, widow
of John Blue, deceased—Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill toprovidea pension for Silas Champion—
Committee on Pensions.
A bill to confirm to Hercules L. Dousman his
title to farm lot No. 32, adjoining the town of
Prairie du Chien, in the State of Wisconsin—
Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford—Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Hezekiah Johnson, of the
town of Bridgewater, in the State of Vermont—
Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Charles Staples—Com-
mittee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Alton Nelson—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Grafton Baker—Com-
mittee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Mary Deany, widow of
the late Lieutenant James A. Deany, of the Uni-
ted States Army—Committee on Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Rowe—Commit-
tee on Pensions.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu- i
nicating copies of all reports of the engineers and !
other persons employed to make explorations and i
surveys to ascertain the most practicable and :
economical route for a railroad from the Missis- s
sippi river to the Pacific ocean that have been le- j
ceived at the Department; which was referred to i
the select committee appointed on the subject, and !
ordered to be printed. i
Also, a communication from the Secretary of :
the Interior, transmitting a letter from the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated the 30th :
ultimo, asking that an additional appropriation of
§15,000 be made for general incidental expenses
of the Indian service in the Territory of New
Mexico for the current fiscal year; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Butler, and other counties in the State
of Iowa, praying the establishment of another land
district in that State; which was refened to the
Committee on'Public Lands.
Mr. PETTIT presented the petition of Chris-
topher Cory, praying an investigation into his
discovery as to the cause and cure of the potato
rot, and an appropriation to indemnify him for the
time spent and expenses incurred in making the
discovery; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. FOOT presented documents in support of
the claim of the children of Leonard Baker to a
pension for services during the war of the Revolu-
tion; which were referred to the Committee on
j Pensions.
I Mr. BRIGHT presented a report of the pro-
j ceedmgs of a meeting of citizens of Georgetown,
! District of Columbia, protesting against the erec-
i tion of any more bridges below Georgetown har-
bor; which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented several memorials
signed by citizens of Maine, praying that the boun-
ty land law may be so altered as to grant to those
soldiers who served in the war of 1812 one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, or, if deceased, to
their widows or children; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
the Jefferson and Lake Pontchartrain Railway
Company, praying that the terminus of that rail-
way on the lake be made a port of delivery; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of Thomas Conner, praying a pension
on account of an injury received m the military
service of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented a resolution of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, recommending
that provision be made at the assay office in that
city for coining as well as assaying the precious
metals; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of S. R. Addison, a passed assistant
surgeon in the Navy, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay of passed assistant sur-
geon during the time he performed the duties of
surgeon; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of John
W. Kelly, praying indemnification for loss sus-
tained in consequence of the abrogation of a con-
tract by the Post Office Department for the trans-
portation of the mails; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented the
memorial of Si rah Somers Carson, nearest sur-
viving relative of Richard Somers, who fell at Trip-
oli in 1804, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a letter from
Alexander Ramsey, including papers in relation to
the charges of malfeasance in office preferred
against him; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of the
Hephzibah Baptist Association, of Georgia, pray-
ing-thai provision may be made in our treaties
with foreign countries to secure religious tolera-
tion to American citizens who may be resident
therein; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial of D.
McManus, recommending the establishment of a
corps of chaplains in the Army, similar to thatof
the Medical Department; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Ontagamie county, Wisconsin, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Appleton, via
Centre and Ellington, to Bovina, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Also, a petition of citi-
zens of Green Bay arid Depere, piaying the estab-
lishment of a poit of entry in that part of the State
of Wisconsin, or that it may be attached to the
Mihvaukie district* which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of The-
resa Dardenup, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of an erroneous sale of land
: by the land officers at Little Rock to her late hus-
band, Abiaham Dardenus; which was referred to
| the Committee on Public Lands.
: Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented three peti-
. tions of citizens of Iowa, praying that a grant of
land may be made to the States of Indiana, 1 Hi—
: nois, and Iowa, to aid in the construction of the
i Great Western Air-Line railroad, from Fort
' Wayne to Council Bluffs; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
: Mr. JAMES submitted an additional document
] in relation to the claim of the heirs of Uriah Jones
' to a pension; which, with their petition on the files
| of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
j Revolutionary Claims.
1 PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
! On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
j Ouleied, That the petition and accompanying papers m
i t)ie Case of the stono-inas-onb ami laborer employed on tho
i extension oftiie Capitol be vuthdiawn from the files of the
