1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
rowed in part, and advanced in part, by Mr. Rid-
dle.
Mi. DAWSON. By whom was Mr. Riddle
appointed ?
Mr. BADGER. By the President, 1 believe.
The difficulty was this: The articles were all there;
they had been sent in a national ship, and unless
somebody had advanced the money, they must
have been brought back. Mr. Riddle consulted
with the American Minister, and on his advice
borrowed this sum of money to make the neces-
sary arrangements for the proper display of the
goods of the American exhibitors.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon the
amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I have a letter upon this sub-
ject from the then American Minister at London.
He says:
Boston, July 14, 1854.
De <r Sir: I have before me your letter of the 10th instant,
and should have givtn an earlier teply,had I been at home.
Rv ry ruriim«.taneM res>peetintf the untile conduct of Mr.
Gttotije Peabody m coming forwatd with a loan to pay the
carnage upon the merchandise brought to Southampton, iu
the fugate St. Lawrence, and lor fitnng up tin- place
allotted to the United States lor the reception of the various
aiticless, is hes.Ii in iny memory.
The Government ot the United States piomoted the ex-
hibition, and did as much as could have been expected,
with one exception, which was of more importance than
anything else, vis: an appropriation of money to carry
out the objects recommended. The commissioner came
to me, and asked what he hhould do. I told htm unless he
would boriow the money to pay the expenses upon the
American articles winch had arrived, and were on there
way to London, they must all be sent back to the CJnitod
States, which would have proved a lasting source of morti-
fication to every true American citizen, whether at home
or abroad. Mi. Peabody called upon me to consult upon
the matter, did many of our countrymen who were then
in London, all of whom, so lar as i conversed with them,
entertained the opinion th<tt Congress would reimburse any
one who should come forward and furnish the means* to
carry forward the great national object. Mr. Peabody, with
that piomptness for which he is itistmguished, in his hon-
orable and high purposes of action, offered to advance the.
money, which was accepted, to the great relief of every
American citizen in Europe. It was deemed a matter of
national honor that the United States should be represented
in the Crystal Palace, after all that had been said and
punted hoi e upon the subject. Mr. Peabody assumed these
responsibilities iiom the highest principles ot patriotism,
ft puie devotion to the houorand interest ot his n.uivc
Jfind, th.it he proffered his money for her uses. I am fioe
to -ay th.it I had no doubt, undei ihe circumstances attend-
ing liie exhibition, thatCongiesa. would meet tile expenses
inquired in London, and [ cannot but hope that the com
mntee, or whoever has charge ot the claim, will make a
unanimous report in tavor of its payment. I advised to
the coui se th<4t was adopted iu London, as you, perhaps,
may remember.
T am, dear sir, very faithfully yours,
ABBOTT LAWRENCE.
Edward G. Tockerman, Esq.,
National Hotel t Washington-
That is from Mr. Abbott Lawrence. It shows
the circumstances under which these advances of
money were made. They were not made for the
benefit of individuals; they were not made for
any pecuniary interest which the party making
them had in the exhibition; but purely for the
honor and credit of the country, i think that no
one can doubt that it would- have been discredit-
able to us iti the highest degree, if, after our Gov-
ernment had so far patronized the exhibition as to
send American fabrics and inventions to England
in a national ship, as contributions to this exhibi-
tion, they should have been suffered to return
without reaching the Crystal Palace at all. Allow
me further to say, sir, that much more than indi-
vidual interest was concerned in the exhibition.
There was not only-the national honor and credit
involved; not only the introduction into European
use of some of our most valuable inventions; not
only the increase of trade! which the exhibition
of some of our products has enabled us to ob-
tain; but our artisans brought back to the country
useful practical knowledge and improved taste,
which they borrowed from the European invent-
ors and artisans, whose products were submitted
to their inspection, thus benefiting the industrial
and other classes of our community. It was not,
therefore, without a national remuneration; and
surely, any one who had any regard for the na-
tional credit would have been exceedingly morti-
fied if the result had followed which Mr. Law-
rence*mentions as certain to have followed if the
advances by Mr. Peabody had not been made. I
admit there is no legal claim on Congress for
these advances. Nobody ever pretended that
there was; but we suppose that if Congress had
known the facts at the time, an appropriation
•iO.
n^xp^pt-
would have been made, and what would have
been done at the time, ought, under all the circum-
stances, to be done now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Butler,
Chase, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Fessenden, Fish, Foot,
Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, tlamhii, James, Pearoe, Pettit,
Rockwell, Shields, Sumner, Wade, and Walker—24.
NAYS— Messrs Adam*, Atchison, Brodhead, Cass,
Clay, Dodiro of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Evans Fitz-
patnck, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory,
Rusk, Sebastian, Slide!!, Stuart, and Toombs—i8.
And the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, which had been exit-
ed, was to insert the following:
Sec. 11. rfnd be it fin the t enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is heieby, authorized to ap-
point or emplov m his official household, the following of-
ficer*, to wit: One puvate secretary, at a yearly salary
of $2,500; one clerk, at a yearly salary of $1,600; one
steward, at a yearly salary of $1,000, who shall, under the
direction of the President, have charge of, and be respon-
sible for, the plate and furniture ofthe President's Mansion ;
and shall discharge such other duties as the President may
assign htm ; one messenger, at a yearly salary of $900; and
one assistant messenger, at a yearly salary of$750. And
for the payment o! the compensation ot the said officers,
durinj.' the present fiscal year, the sum of {$5,750, or so
much thereof as mav be necessarv, is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 12. And be if further en actel, That a yearly appro-
priation be made f<<r the purchase of stationery, binding
public documents, and other contingent expenses of the
Executive office, to bo expended by the private secretary,
under the directum ofthe President; and tor that purpose,
during the present fiscal year, $6501* hereby appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to those
sections. I do not suppose that any Senator will
think that I am actuated with any desire but, one
for the public good. But, sir, when the question
was started for the increase of salaries, I an-
nounced that I was willing to increase them all,
and the record shows that I voted for the highest
salary proposed by others for the members of
this Administration, I should be perfectly will-
ing now, sir, to vote for all appropriations for
the President, if I could do so consistently with
my convictions of duty under the Constitution.
The distinguished Senator from North Carolina
will doubtless make it perfectly clear to his own
mind, and perhaps to that of the majority of the
Senate, that this is not in violation of a constitu-
tional principle; that it does not increase the Presi-
dent's salary. If he can satisfy them of that 1
shall be perfectly content. The Constitution says:
"The President shall, at stated times, reeeive forliis-ser-
vices a compensation which thall neither be increased nor
diminished during the period for which he shall have been
elected; and he '.shall not receive within that period any
other emolument Irom the United States, or any of them."
The Senator from North Carolina says that
this is not increasing his salary. Well, sir, it
does this; it certainly saves to. him the'amount
of money embraced in this appropriation, giving
him additional officers. What is it? it pro-
vides, in the first place, that he shall have " one
private secretary, at a yearly salary of $2,500;
one clerk, at a yearly salary of $1,600; one
steward, at a yearly salary of $1,000, who shall,
under the direction of the President, have chatge
of, and be responsible for, the plate and furniture
of the Piesident's Mansion, and shall dischatge
such other duties as the President may assign him;
one messenger, at a yearly salary of $900; and
one assistant messenger, at a yearly salary of
$750." And then the twelfth section makes a
provision of $650 for the puichase of stationery.
Another section of the bill, Mr. President, makes
an appropriation for the compensation of a
doorkeeper at the President's House, $500; for
an assistant doorkeeper, $365;" and then, m
another section, '* for fuel for the President's
House, $1,000;" and "for furnace keeper for the
President's House, $365." Now, sir, the Presi-
dent is to have these servants, and theGovernment
is to pay for them. If yon can go on and make
a provision for those servants, why jiotgo through
the whole catalogue? If you can give him afire-
man, why not supply him with any other servant?
If you can supply him with fuel, why not supply
his wine cellars? In my judgment you may go
' on that way, and meet every possible expenditure
that would come within the necessary calls of the
White House. I repeat, if this proposition had
been made at the proper time, I should have voted
for it with pleasure; but I am not willing to do by I
indirection that which we cannot dodirectly. I
am not willing to increase his salary in this way,
by giving him all the servants that would be ne-
cessary, and then say that it is no increase of his
salary. Suppose we force upon him the necessity
of employing servants not provided for, is not that
; increasing his expenditure? If you may not do
that, then I apprehend you cannot do what is
asked by my honorablefriend. I have no feeling
about? the matter; but these are my constitutional
views, and J am acting under them.
Mr. BADGER. I should agree in the impro-
priety of this amendment, if it had the effect of
indirectly increasing the President's compensation;
but to my understanding there is not only no rea-
sonable or probable ground for supposing that it
has that effect, but it is demonstrable that it does
not have that effect. My friend from Tennessee
has referred to some other items in the bill. It
might be sufficient to say, that whether those pro-
visions are right or wrong does not affect the ques-
tion about th& amendment which I proposed; but
I will dispose of the objections to these provisions.
First, he objects to the provision in the bill which
assigns to the President's House a doorkeeperand
assistant doorkeeper. My friend does not seem
to consider that the President's House is not a
private mansion. The President is not the head
of a Department, who has a public office, separate
and distinct in its location from his private resi-
dence, and who, when he goes to his private resi-
dence, has there his domestic servants to discharge
the duties of domestic servants in his family apart
from his public office. The mansion which the
President lives in is a publie building, opened in
nearly the whole extent of it to visitors from day
to day. Persons go there who come here from
all parts of the United States. They think thej^
have a right to go there; they think it is proper
to go there. They look at this house not as the
private house of the President, but as a mansion
erected by the Government for the accommoda-
tion of the Executive head of the nation. We
all, who know anything about the matter, know
that there is a constant flow of visitors. The
doorkeeper who is to be appointed is not to dis-
charge duties relatihg to the President's private
family. There are persons there, as all of us
know who have been there, who receive and carry
visitors through the public apartments of the
house, who show them what they desire to inspect,
who explain to them the arrangements of the
j house, and who g;ive that satisfaction to them in
j regard to the President's Mansion, as a public
I building, which is given by the messengers or
j doorkeepers of the Patent Office, or any other of
| the public establishments in the city.
j It would be exceedingly unfair to impose it
j upon the President of the United States to pay,
j out of the compensation given to him for his sup-
j port, the charge of officers to superintend a build-
I xn^—because he happensto live in it—which is a
i public building, and which persons visit for the
j purpose of inspecting, as they do for the inspec-
j tion of other public buddings. Now, sir, within
i a few years Congress made provision for extend-
I ing the gas works to the President's House,
i and for furnishing it with gas. There might have
! been some pretense, some show of allegation,
] that that was an indirect method of increasing the
I President's compensation, because, undoubtedly,
j it relieved the President of the expense of lighting
the mansion; but then it should be recollected
in regard to that appropriation, that its primary
object was not to light the private apartments.
; It was intended to light up those great public
j rooms which are constantly thrown open during
] the winter season of the year, to be visited by all
! the people of the metropolis, and by visitors;
i and for that reason it was not liable to objection.
I Then in regard to the keeper of the furnaces.
I Congress has recently made provision for erecting
| furnaces for the purpose of warming the House.
; Well, sir, the necessity for those furnaces arises
' from those vast apartments which are for the pub-
i lie use, and not for the private or particular use or
: benefit of the President. There would have been no
! necessity for any such provision, if the private
j apartments of the President, only had to be pro-
vided fot; and, therefore, I do not see thegtound
of objection to that provision.
But however those things may be, with regard
to the particular provision now under considera-
tion, to my understanding it is demonstrable that
