1904
-OfflD GLO®E.
July 24.
it,does not directly or indirectly affect the Presi-
dent's compensation. It is-proposed,-first, to-give
to him a private secretary and a clerk. Gentle-
men may suppose—but if they do they are entirely
mistaken—that the office of President of the United
i States is a sinecure; that he has nothing to do but
• to^eceive official visits and write " approved" at
the foot of bills. Sir, he has a vast deal to do,
^ .and he requires clerical forceand assistance to en-
. .ablevhim, to doit. He has, public business to do,
business in regard to which, if we now require
- him to pay for it out of the compensation given
him, it would be just to remove the imposition
from him. Why should jthe President be required
to make payment for such things any more than the
.head of a Department? Each head of a Department
has his clerical force to assist him in the discharge
of his official duties; and if .the head of a Depart-
ment has.it, where is the propriety in withholding
.it from the President, compelling him to pay for
_it out of his own compensation? But, sir, it has
not heretofore been paid out of the" private pocket
. of the President, and it will not now be paidoutof
his private pocket, whether we make this appro-
priation or not. The President is left in a situa-
tion always dependent for these things on the
heads of Departments. I presume he always has
been.
■Then, with regard to the steward, to take
charge of the public property in the mansion, I
.have explained what I thought was the necessity
and propriety of having such an officer. It does
.not concern the President's private family. The
.steward, whom we propose in the amendment to
take charge of.the mansion, is not to be a man to
wait upon the table, or to attend to menial ser-
vices. He is to be an agent of the Government,
^to take charge of a large amount of valuable prop-
, erty, and to see that it is taken care of; and he is
to be chargeable with and responsible for it.
Then with regard to the messengers. As I
stated the other day, the messengers proposed to
be given to the President are not to be his private
servants—not a bit more than the messengers who
are kept by the Secretary of War are his private
servants. They are to assist the President in the
transaction of his public duties. The President
has to send to, as well as to receive from, the va-
rious Executive Departments, papers and docu-
ments of extreme importance, which ought not to
be intrusted to the hands of domestic servants
about the household. But if they might be
trusted with them, where is the propriety of re-
quiring the President to make his domestic ser-
vants go upon public errands? But, sir, in point
of fact, whether this appropriation is made or not,
the President will neither receive nor lose a penny.
The services have been performed in a sort of hel-
ter-skelter manner, in a way not suitable to the
dignity of the President's office—by extra calls
upon other officers; and they will be performed
without charge upon him, and without being paid
for out of his compensation. Therefore, the pas-
sage of this amendment will in no way, either di-
rectly or indirectly, increase his compensation,
and is, therefore, not unconstitutional.
Now, Mr. President, a few words as to these
contingent appropriations. It is a curious fact,
that until the time of Mr. Fillmore's administra-
tion, there was never a dollar appiopriated for the
purchase of a book of any kind for the Executive
Mansion. Every head of a Department had a
library; every head of a Department had a contin-
gent fund, so that occasional additions might be
made to his library. Every head of a Department
had public documents; but up to the time when
Mr. Fillmore was President of the United States,
there never was a book, nor a public document
bought under an appropriation for the presiden-
tial mansion. There was nothing in the presi-
dential mansion obtained through an appropriation
by Congress to which to refer for any information
on any subject that might arise in the perform-
ance of public duties. Well, sir, in Mr. Fill-
more's time, Congress made an appropriation for
the purpose of commencing the formation of a
library; and they made provision for supplying
public documents, so that the President might
have, at least, as much means for the obtaining of
information in the prosecution of his duties as
we have in the discharge of ours. t
Now, sir, these matters are found to be neces-
sary. The President is to have stationery. There
are various incidental expenses of that kind con-
nected with- th# President's Hduse as a public Ex-
ecutive. Mansion. To my mind, there is no con-
stitutional difficulty in regard to "making such a
provision for the President. I do not seek this
for the particular person who is President now.
I should have moved it when'Mr. Fillmore 'was
President, but 1 did not think it was becoming in
me to do so, I being a political friend of his. It
is no new. idea of mine. My mind has been set-
tled upon it for four years past, and I seize this^ the
very first session of Congress tyhich has been held
when it could not be supposed that I was endeav-
oring to procure the provision for the personal
dignitv of the gentleman at ihe head of the na-
tion^hom I had supported for the Presidency,
as the head of the political party to which I be-
long, to bring forward this proposition. I think
it, is judicious and proper.
Mr, PEARCE. I am very glad that this prop-
osition.has been introduced by the Senator from
North Carolina, since no suspicion of political
partisanship can attach to it. I think, too, that
something of the sort has long been demanded by
various public considerations. I recollect, sir, a
conversation which I had with President Polk,
about three day3 before he left the Executive
Mansion. I think the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] was present. He said to us that he
thought it highly important that Congress should
organize something like an Executive office for
the preservation of official presidential papers. He
said that the President often had correspondence
of great public interest and value which ought to
be preserved, and in an organized Executive office,
as the other archives of the Government are.
Now, when the President goes out of office, he
must either take such papers with him, or they
are destroyed. No place is provided by theGov-
ernment for their preservation, and of course they
disappear. Much that is interesting, and of the
greatest value in our political history, is among
such papers, and should be df-posited m such an
office. The amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina proposes what will answer this end. I
would suggest to him, however, to modify it, so
that, instead of providing for a private secretary
at #2,500, he shall provide for a secretary to the
President, whose duty it shall be to take care of
official papers, and perform such other duties as
the President may direct.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is right.
Mr. BADGER. I agree to that willingly.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I think he should have
a clerk, because I know, and I presume other
Senators know, that the correspendence of the
Executive office is exceedingly burdensome. I
have seen the letter book of ex-President Fillmore,
and 1 know that it contains matters of exceeding
interest and public importance; and I think if this
arrangement had been made, some of those letters
would have remained on the Executive files for
the information and benefit of the President's suc-
cessors, who now find, on coming into office, that
the letters addressed to their predecessors, which
might be needed for reference, are either all de-
stroyed, or else have been taken away. I am
sure this would be of very great importance, and
I think these public considerations demand that the
President should have a secretary and clerk to
record and preserve such papers, and relieve the
President of a portion of his labors.
Then, as to the messengers, I do not see, as
the Senator from North Carolina has suggested,
why the President is not entitled to, and has not
as much public necessity for, messengers as one
of the Secretaries. The President has to com-
municatedaiiy, or very frequently at least, with all
the Secretaries, and he must have some one to go
on these errands. They are not to be appointed
forhia personal convenience, but for the dispatch
of the public,business with which he is charged;
and it seems to me that the Government ought to
provide him with the means of performing his
public functions with facility and promptness.
As to the nugnber of messengers, I do not know
how many may be necessary, certainly one is,
and it may he that two are. He may want both
of them, and I do not think the number at all ex-
travagant.
Then, the only one remaining is the steward.
Now, I have already said that these employees
are for official purposes, and they will not add a
penny's increase to the salary of the President,
nor to his emoluments, because they are not created
for his private business. It is true that if we do not
give him this additional officer, he maybe com-
pelled by our injustice to' draw from the income
which the law allows him to pay for services for
which the Government should pay; but if you de-
termine to pay him for those services which the
Government require of him, you are sirhply doing
that which you'should have originally done. In
regard to the stewardship, it may be more nearly*
allied to something for his personal- benefit than
the test of the section; but the object,. as; stated
by' the Senator from North Carolina, is to take
care of the plate and furniture of the Executive
Mansion.
We appropriate large sums, whenever a Presi-
dent Oomes into office, for furnishing his mansion;,
and I'suppose gentlemen know that there are a
great many people who visit the Executive Man-
sion, who are no better than they should be, and
who do not hesitate to help themselves to the pub-
lic property when they find an opportunity. I
take it that if the celebrated " gold spoons " had
been really gold, they would have vanished long
since, but it is known that they are only silver,
gold washed. I know that from rich lace curtains
enough have been cut off, and carried away, to
make a dress. Now, we wantsome person charged1
with authority to lookafter the plate and furniture
of the mansion, and a steward is the proper offi-
cer. The salary proposed is not an unreasonable
one, and such a provision nothing unusual in the
arrangements of Governments.
Why, sir, in my own State of Maryland, which
does not contain the thirtieth part of the popula-
tion of the Union, we used to have, and still have,
I believe, a steward of the Executive^Mansion,
whose business it is to look after these things. I
think it is light and proper that the President of
the United States should have a stewaid, whose
official duty it shall be to take charge of the furni-
ture. I am sure that we do not mean that the
President himself should make it a point to look
about and see who steals the spoons and cuts off
the curtains; and, therefore, he must have some-
body whose especial duty it shall be to do it; and
that is proposed to be provided for in this amend-
ment. I am glad to see the liberal spirit in which
my honorable friend from North Carolina has in-
troduced the proposition, and I shall support it
cheerfully. No personal intimacy or political
favor towards the President influences me more
than him; but I desire, whoever may be the in-
cumbent of that office, that liberal appropriations
shall be made for his comfort, convenience, and
dignity, and this provision is necessary for that
purpose.
Mr. CLAYTON. If I belonged to the Dem-
ocratic party, like my friends on the other side of
the Chamber, I might remain silent on this ques-
tion; but, sir, I am at perfect liberty now to ex-
press my honest opinions in regard to this matter.
1 fully concur with my friends from North Car-
olina and Maryland. The President's salary itself
is an insufficient one; but I do not propose to raise
it by these means.
The proposition contained in the amendment of
the committee is unexceptionable. The officers
who are provided for in it are necessary; and, in
my opinion, there is nothing more necessary than
the establishment of some office for the purpose of
taking care of those Executive documents which
peculiarly belong to the Executive mansion. The
President, at present, has no means of preserving
any of those papers unless he sends them to the
State Department, where they are deposited, and
where, as we know frgm the past history of the
country, they have not been faithfully kept. No-
body can tell who mutilated them, or carried them
away; but the fact that they have been mutilated,
after being sent down to that Department by the
President, and that they have been carried away
in years now long gone by, is unquestionable.
These papers ought to be preserved in some office
under the care of the President, and they should
be delivered over to his successor in office.
I will not pursue the subject, for I have no doubt
the Senate is tired of it; and I only rose for the
purpose of adding my testimony to that of the
honorable gentleman who preceeded me that the
provisions of this amendment are eminently prop-
er.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not mean to
debate this question, for I am perfectly willing that
every Senator on this floor shall vote for the
