1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
clothing and food to support you?" That is the
doctrine. Is it beneficent? Is it kind? Is it
philanthropic?
Under a Government like ours, said to be far
superior to that of Mexico^ are we to announce
to the Indians that they Canttot live under our
benign influence, though they were able to subsist
under the Government of Mexico? What a com-
pliment is this to our institutions ! What a
compliment to the progress of this country! We
heard nothing of starvation among these Indians
when California belonged to Mexico. We heard
nothing then of Indian desolation there. These
things have sprung up since the acquisition of
that country, and they are incident to the charac-
ter of the people who went there almost without
government and without law, and went into the
mines. These are difficulties which do exist, and
are very embarrassing, no doubt, m California.
For myself I would rather that California should
manage these Indians than that the General Gov-
ernment should do so, for the State would know
better how to get along with them. But what I
want to say is, that I am prepared to vote just as
much money as any other man to protect the
people of California and benefit these Indians,
but 1 want to do it on such a principle that when I
I act I can understand what 1 am doing. When I
1 am going to establish a system that is to be per- j
manent—a system that will not only woik m j
California, but m all our Territories, and even in i
the States where there are Indians located, I |
wish to do it intelligently, i know that ir, is em- i
barrassing to exeicise the power of the General |
Government over Indians within the limits of a I
State. I have been raised in a State where that j
was the case, and it gave rise to a constant series ;
of difficulties and perplexities, and led to many >
conflicts between the two governments. If we 1
adopt this plan of making large reservations in ,
California, there will be such "conflicts. It is a ,
dangerous experiment, and one in which I do not 1
wish to be instrumental until it is well prepaied,
well organized, and well arranged.
I repeat, we had better drop this appropriation
for the present, and let the Senators from Call- ;
forma ask for a committee, and let them digest a :
plan to organize the Indians propeily. Let that '
be brought up as a separate proposition, which
we can discuss and properly understand. Then, j
if the money be necessary, let us make an appro- I
priation for (he purpose.
Mr, SEWARD. Mr. President, i cannot let!
this debate close without offering a correction to a J
remark made by the Senator from Georgia. F le ex- >
pressed what is, I think, the universal understand- 1
ing, that there has been a decline—a decay of the
Indian nations ami races within the last seventy- i
five years—and heapphed the statement especially ,
to the Indians m the State of* New York, once so
independent, once so poweiful, once the only re- f
publicans on this continent, and who have always
been republicans. This has been the received
opinion, which has gone into philosophy and gone 1
into history. But, sir, some seven or eight years 1
ago we caused a census to be taken of the Six j
Nations. We found thptn, to be sme, scattered
by the hand of Providence, some of them remain - |
ing upon their ancient hunting grounds, others
dispersed throughout Canada, others at Green j
Bay, others still further west, and others, again, I
further south. But the result of the whole was:
that when you came to correct the exaggerated i
estimates of the number of the Six Nation* which \
were derived from tradition m the e.uly settle-!
ment of the country, and to ascertain the whole
number left, we found that they had not dimin-
ished , but, on the other hand, that they remained ,
about the same. They have not increased as '
rapidly as the white man in a state of semi-civili-
zation, or an initiatory stage of civilization, but at I
the same time they have not decayed by war and !
by famine as much as they did before. This is j
consolatory to those who believe that the experi-
ment is humane, and certainly encouraging to
those who felt impressed with the wisdom of the
plan of drawing these Indians into reset vations, 1
and separating them from the corruptions, and ,
from the violence of the whites. j'
Mr. PL7T11. Before I vote on this proposi* j
iion, I wish to get a little more information, and J
hope I shall be able to get n from the chairman of ;
the Committee on Indian Affairs. If I understand ■
tt> this is a proposition from that committee to '•
appropriate $125,000 to establish an Indian settle-
ment in California, on the public lands of the
country.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Five of them.
Mr. -PKTTITi Five settlements or localities.
The Senator from California moves in substance
to add §75,000 to the amount proposed by the
committee. His amendment is to strike out
§123,000 and make the amount ^200,000. Now,
I wish to ask the chairman of the committee
whether we are under any treaty or legal obliga-
tion to furnish this amount, or any other amount
of money to the California Indians, or whether
our relation towards them is not precisely what
our relation is towards all the wild Indians with
whom we have no treaties at all? In short, if we
are under obligations to furnish means for the sub-
sistence of these Indians, I wish to know whether
we are not under like obligations to all other
Indians with whom we have no treaties? Is this
anything else than a moral obligation, if it is even
that, and are we not under a hko, moral obligation
to all the Indians within our jurisdiction ? Can
the Senator answer?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In answer to the interrog-
atories of the Senator from Indiana, I can state,
that our relations with the Indians of California
are precisely such as they are towards all the In-
dian tribes with whom we have negotiated no
treaties; and that we are under the same -obliga-
tion, and no more, to provide for them as for other
Indians with whom we have no stipulations to pay
money. lie may term the obligation moral or
legal. It is, I believe, the common obligation of
humanity. The Indians of California occupy
towards this Government a position somewhat
different from what our own Indians do; for, by
the Spanish law, they were not regarded as having
any interest m thecountry at all, but were always
tieated as mere tenants atsulferance; and the con-
sequence was, that they weiecongregated together
m the 44 Missions," by the different officeis and
subordinates of the Spanish and Mexican Govern-
ments, who were at different times sent among
them. They were never regaided by thoseGovern-
ments as having any interest m the soil. We did,
at onetime, make treaties with these Indians; but
the treaties were rejected by the Senate. This plan
of collecting them together in five military reserva-
tions, to be curved out of the public domain of the
United States, was adopted at the last session of
Congress, and has been partially executed, to the
extent, of locating only one reserve.
Mr. WELLEH. The Senator will allow me
to soy that it was never contemplated to make
five reservations in California The bill which
was passed at the last session of Congress, au-
thorized five reservations to be made in Califor-
nia, Utah, and New Mexico. It never designed
that five reservations should be made in the State
of California. I supposed there might piobably
be two or three there at the outside, and that the
other two or three would be in Utah or New
Mexico, or both.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia states rightly the terms of the law. The
Terntories of Utah and New Mexico were em-
braced. I know the fact, however, to be, that the
superintendent contemplated this as a provision,
to be earned into execution, with reference chiefly
to the State of California.
Mr. PiiTTlT. I wish to ask the Senator from
Arkansas another question, and that is, whether
the California Indians do not claim, and whether
we do not concede to them, as we do to all other
Indians within our jurisdiction, the possessory
title to their lands ' Do they not, in that respect,
hold the same relation to this Government that the
Indians east of the Rocky Mountains do ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. We have acted towards
them on the supposition that they occupied the
same relation to us, and that they have the same
title to their lands as the Indians m other parts of
the United Slates.
Mr. PETTIT. Then, so far from this being
an obligation resting upon us, I think it is quite
the reverse. The Senator tells us that under the
law of Mexico, from which nation we acquired
this country and the jurisdiction over these Indians,
they were not allowed even that possessory right
which we have always yielded as appertaining to
the Indians in all new countries. We, therefore,
acknowledge their ownership of the unoccupied
and ungranted territory of California over which
they roam, and from them we must acquire the
right to it, as we do to all the lands of our own
Indians, by purchase. They have a possessory
right to the land, and they are to dispose of it.
They may sell it to us for large amounts of
money, undoubtedly, if they are tribes, as I urt*
derstand they are, and we are prepared to make
treaties with them, as we have done with other
tribes east of the Rocky Mountains. I have seen
no good reason why we should now adopt in
California this new policy of collecting the wild
Indians, and saying to them, " Notwithstanding
you own all this new country, and have subsisted
yourselves heretofore under a worse government
than ours—under one which denied to you even
the right of occupancy which we yield—yet we
feel ourselves under obligation not only to ac-
knowledge your possessory right of ownership to
the soil, and to say that we cannot take it fiom
youwithout your consent, but to advance to you
this enormous sum of money." Upon what prin-
ciple it is done 1 cannot see. All our Indian
tribes may certainly come with greater force and
greater reason, and ask you for similar amounts
of money, in proportion to their numbers, per
capita.
I am not prepared to vote for any portion of
this amendment, not even for the recommendation
of the committee. I have always endeavored to
make it square with my views of propriety to vote
for the recommendations of the committees of this
body, in instances where they have properly ex-
amined the questions appropriately coming before
them. I cannot, however, do it in this case; much
less can I vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Cahfoi nia, much as I desire to do everything
that may advance the interests of that growing
and promising State. I certainly would not with-
hold from her any just, reasonable, or liberal claim
which she could set up. But this is not an appro-
priation for California. It is an appropriation for
the Indians, to whom we are under no earthly ob-
ligation, either moral or legal. We have come
under no obligation to them. Wo have advanced
them greatly from the condition which they were
in under the country from which we acquired ju-
risdiction to them. Why, then,should we make
this appropriation ?
Mr. WELLElt. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that my friend from Indiana cannot see that
there is any moral obligation resting on the people
of this country to make some provision for the
support of the Indians in California. His argu-
ment is this: the American Govei nmcnt is much
more beneficent than the Mexican Government;
and if the^e Indians could subsist themselves under
the Mexican Government, why can they not do
it under the American Government? Sir, let that
Senator recollect that there is this important dif-
ference. Under the Mexican Government there
was a very sparse population of white people in
California, and nature amply supplied all the
wants of the Indians; the streams were full of
fish; there were there plenty of nuts and acorns,
and everything that was necessary to subsist the
aborigines. Now, under your American Govern-
ment, you have three hundred and fifty thousand
white people scattered over the whole surface of
that State, for, unlike the other new States of the
Union, they have not advanced gradually from
settlement to settlement, but your people have
gone there, and are scattered m all the ravines and
gulches, and upon ail the streams in that State.
They have taken from the Indians the supplies
which nature provided. They have destroyed
their game They have taken possession of that
foiest where they once obtained their supplies.
They have taken their fish. Yet, now, the Sen-
ator can see no moral obligation resting on this
Government to afford them subsistence. Sir, can
there be a higher obligation than that which
humanity imposes upon you ? If by our action,
or if by tne action of our people, there Indians
have been reduced to a state of abject penury and
want; if by our conduct we have deprived them
of the supplies that God intended they should
have, is there not an obligation resting upon us,
not only as enlightened citizens, but as men, to
make bome provision for these unfortunate peo-
ple'
Mr. PETTIT. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, whether these Indians have ever requested
us to treat with them ? Have they ever asked for
an approbation ? Have they ever asked that we
