336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6.
Senate, in order that they may be presented in the House
of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN", it was
Ordeied, That the memorial of Ethan A. Allen, legal
representative of Colonel Ethan Allen, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the follow-
ing memorials and papers from the files of the Senate : me-
morial of the executor of Carter Page, praying the commu-
tation due the deceased as a Captain m the Army ot the
Revolution; petition of Ann&Roy&U, widow of Captain
Wilham Royall, of the Revolutionary Army, praying a pen-
sion; and the petition of the heirs of Charles Lewis, praying
seven years' naif pay.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Edwin James, senior,
and Edwin James, junior, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of John Under-
wood be withdrawn Iromihe files of the {Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be dis-
charged from the furthei consideration of the bill to estab-
lish a court lor the settlement of claims against the United
States, and that it be referied to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EYANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing petitions, submitted adverse reports in each
«ase; which were ordered to be printed:
Petition of the heirs of Abraham Hunt, pray-
ing compensation for revolutionary services.
Petition "of the administrators of Joseph Tor-
rey, and of William Johannot.
Petition of the heir of William Russwurm,
praying interest on commutation pay.
Petition of the heirs of Dr. John Morgan.
He also, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
the heirs and executors of Samuel Prioleau, pray-
ing indemnity for property destroyed by older of
General Lincoln, during the revolutionary war,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of the
widow of William Riley and others, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill to provide for the
settlement of the claims of the officers of the Revo-
lutionary Army; which was read, and passed to a
.second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Allaire, to whom was referred the petition of
Sally T. B. Cochrane, widow of the late Lieu-
tenant R. E. Cochrane, United States Army,pray-
ing compensation for a hoise lost m the military
service, reported a bill An her relief; winch was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred documents lelating to the claim of
Colonel A. G. Morgan, of Missouri, for military
services in Florida, submitted n report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of the hens and rep-
resentatives of Colonel A. G. Mot gun; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
tie also, from the Comnuffee on Public Lands,
to which was referred the bill granting-the right
of way, and a portion of the public lands, to the
State of Florida, to aid in the construction of a
railroad across the peninsula of that State, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Jle also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill giving a right of way, and
granting alternate sections of certain public lands,
to the State of Florida, to further the construction
of Certain railroads therein specified, reported it
back with amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was refeired a resolu-
tion relative to the Maison Rouge and De Bastrop
grants, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to grant the right
of preemption to certain purchasers and settlers
on the iViaieon Rouge grant in the event of the I
final adjudication of the title in favor of the United !
States," approved January 27, 1851; which was j
read, and passed to a second reading. The repoit I
was ordered to be printed. I
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mill-1
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Captain L. C. Easton, assistant quartermaster in
the Army, praying that he may be credited with
certain public money of which he was defrauded
by his clerk, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the memorial
of George Barrelland S. V. S. Wilder, on behalf
of themselves and others, praying confirmation of
their title to certain lands purchased of the Indian
tribes in 1791, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims; which was
agreed to.
THE GUANO TRADE.
Mr. PRATT. 1 am requested to present to
the Senate resolutions passed by the Legislature
of Maryland on the subject of the trade in guano.
The impression very generally prevails among the
people of the State which 1 have the honor in
part to represent that there is a monopoly at pres-
ent in this trade; and their desire is, through the
instrumentality of the Federal Government, to
prevent the continuance of that monopoly. 1 am
bound to say that 1 believe that that very general
impression is erroneous. 1 desire, however, that
the resolutions may he read and printed for the use
of the Senate, and i eferred to the Committee on
Agriculture, which, I hope, will take the subject
in hand, and, after a thorough investigation, at
least give the people of the country all the facts,
so as to enable them to understand the matter.
The resolutions were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the act entitled
" An act to provide for liquidating and paying
certain claims of the State of Virginia," approved
July 5, 1^32, so as to extend the provisions of its
third section to embrace all that class of officers
provided for by the law of Virginia passed 29th
May, 1779.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the settlement of certain public accounts;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ARKANSAS JUDGES.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rc&olreil, That the Committee on the Judiciary ho in-
j strueted to inquire into the expediency of providing bv law
j for conleiring circuit court juie-diruon upon thejud«cof
; the (h-mk't eomt for the judicial districts ol Arkan-.a<.3 and
Jbr the ineiease of the salary of said judge.
I DAVID CARTER.
| Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
; lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
! sent, and agreed to:
J Resolved, That the Committee on rnchan Affairs he, and
] are heioby, in^truert'd to investigate the niattei of the valua-
; lion ot the claim of David Carter, a Cherokee Indian, and
i repoit thereon to the Senate.
! ELIZABETH C. SMITH, A FEMALE SOLDIER.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military AfTaiis, to which was referred
■ the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth C. Smith,to report a
bill for her relief, granting three months* extra pay
, for her services in Mexico. She was enlisted as
: a private, served eight months before her sex was
j discovered, and. I believe, was then honorably
i dismissed. She has never received her pay.
| The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
! second reading.
] Several Senators. Read it the second time
j now. [Laughter.]
t Mr. JOHNSON. It was my intention to ask
! that the bill might now be put upon its passage.
The bill, by unanimous consent, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to pay her for herser-
j vices as private in company D, of Colonel Gilpin's
regiment of Missouri volunteers, from December
16, 1847, to May 14, 1848, in which she served
, during that time in male attire, and under the as-
; sumed name of Bill Newcom, as well as three
j months' extia pay, provided for by the fifth sec-
tion of the act approved July 19, 1848, in the
same manner as if she had properly been mus-
tered and regularly discharged. It also proposes
to direct the Secretary of the interior to issue to
her a warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, in accordance with the ninth section of the
act approved February 11, 1847, for her services,
as if she had served out the full term of her enlist-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. *-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
desire to ask a simple question. I am not per-
sonally acquainted with this soldier, [laughter,]
but as the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs [Mr. Shields] was, 1 be-
lieve, on that line m the Mexican war, I desire to
know whether she was under his command.
[Laughter.] I hope the Senator will enlighten us
on that subject, and we shall be better able to dis-
pose of this bill. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I was not
fortunate enough to have this lady under my
command ; but I have no doubt she performed her
duty very faithfully in the command under which
she served. I hope that report is satisfactory to
the Senator. [Laughter.]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was read a third time, and passed.
THE SA.N FRANCISCO.
Mr. SHIELDS. The joint committee on the
part of the Senate and House of Representatives,
in relation to the rescuers ot the steamer San Fran-
cisco, have directed me to report a joint resolution
manifesting the sense of Congress towards the
officers and seamen of the vessels and others en-
gaged in the rescue of the officers and soldiers of
the Army, the passengers, and the officers and
crew of the steamship San Erancisco from perish-
ing on the wreck of that vessel.
The joint resolution was read a first time.
Mr. SHIELDS. There will be no opposition
to the passage of the resolution. It is one per-
haps that ought to be proceeded with immediately;
and 1 therefore ask for its consideration at the
present time.
Mr. GWIN. I would rather that it should go
on the Calendar. I was a member of the commit-
tee, and I do not agree to the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. As its second reading is
objected to, it must go upon the Calendar.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then 1 move that the report
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that it is my pur-
pose to present a report embodying the views of
the rninoiity of the committee.
GEORGETOWN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the bill to incorporate the Gas-
Light Company of Georgetown, which was re-
ported from the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT. The bill is a long one, and
! unless Senators desire its reading, it will he unne-
! cessary to go through with the whole of it. I
! will state that it is a copy of a bill of a similar
character which passed for the benefit of this city.
I hope no Senator will ask for its reading.
By unanimous consent the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
Mr. PRATT. I would inquire of the Senator
whether this bill contains the clause of personal
liability on the part of the stockholders for any
debt which may be incurred by the corporation ?
Mr. BRIGHT. It does to the amount of stock
subscribed. The last section of the bill will ex-
plain that. I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Sec. II. Jlnd be it Jutthcr enaded, That each of the
stockholders in the Georgetown Gas Lieht Company shall
he held liable, m his orhei individual capacity, for all the
debts and liabilities of the t-aid company to an amount equal
to the capital stock held by them respectively : Provided,
That such liability «lmll be confined to the stockholders who
were sueh when such debt* were conttacted or liabilities
iiHMin ed."
Mr. PRATT. I do not think the section is
very clearly worded. I do not know whether the
intention is to make a liability to the amount of
the stock, and in addition to it, or whether it is
