THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THR OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1854.
New Series....No. 120.
amendment; and I do not mean to be understood
as entering into any competition with the Senator
from North Carolina upon the score of liberality
in appropriations—perhaps 1 had better call it
profligacy. I do not know how near he and I may*
come together; but certainly, as to other Senators
on this floor, I claim to be as liberal as any of
them. At the proper time I should not hesitate
to give the President every servant he wants, from
the garret down to the kitchen, or to vote him
whatever amount of money is necessary to make
him comfortable, and to enable him to discharge
his duties as a gentleman ought to do; but 1 wish
to do it according to my understanding of the in-
tention of the Constitution.
1 will not say that the three distinguished gen-
tlemen who have spoken [Messrs. Pearce, I'
Badger, and Clayton] are actuated by any hope ;
of getting to the White House; but if they have j
any such hope, I may say to them they need give j
themselves no sort of uneasiness about my vote; i
but when they are elected President, before they |
take possession of the White House, I will, under j
the provisions of the Constitution, vote them s
enough to pay for all their .servants, and their |
wines in the bargain; but I will not do it after they j
have taken their seats. That is my position. |
Mr. PRATT. I concur entirely m the argu- .
ment of my friend from North Carolina, and my l
honorable colleague, so far as they go; but there
are objectionable portion's of the bill which they ;
have not touched in their arguments. I under- !
stand that there is an appropriation of §1,000 to ]
buy fuel for the President's House, and another |
appropriation of $1,000 to pay men to make fires |
at the President's House. 1 think the salary of ;
the President is wholly inadequate, and I .should :
be willing to vote to make it double what it is, if ;
we had constitutional power to do so; but the
constitutional provision is that the salary of the i
Pjesident shall "neither be increased nor diunn- i
ished during the period for which he Khali have ■
been elected; and he shall not receive within that ;
period any other emolument from the United ;
States." 1 apprehend the President himself would !
suppose that this bill which gives him $1,000
to buy fuel for his family, and another thousand
to pay for men to make files fur him, to be un- !
constitutional, and therefore would veto it. Now, ;
I think we ought not to run the risk of losing this :
bill, making the necessary appropriations for car- |
rying on the Government, by leaving m it pro- ;
visions which I think the President will consider
as conferring unconstitutional emoluments upon
him, and which he will therefore feel bound to j:
veto. !j
Mr. SLIDELL. J wish to know the exact i
state of the question. Has the Senator from
Tennessee moved to strike out these sections?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question before the Senate is i
on the motion made by the Senator from Mary- j
land [Mr. Pearce] to amend the amendment of |
the committee by striking out the words. " pri-
vate secretary/' and inserting " secretary who 1
shall take charge of such official papers as shall ■
be confided to him, and perform such other du- j
ties as may be directed by the President/'
Mr. SLIDELL. I was under the impression
that the Senator from Tennessee had moved to
Btrike out section eleven. For the information of
the Senate, I will present and have read by the
Secretary, an amendment which I intend to offer ,
at the proper time, m lieu of the eleventh and
twelfth sections; and I will state briefly the res-
sons why 1 wish to offer it.
My amendment provides cor two officers, who,
I think, are necessary to perform duties in relation ,
to this body, and the House of Representatives,
and the Departments, which are purely official, ,
and do not partake in any degree of the persona! ,
character of persons attached to the President's j
household, as such. 1 look to two such officers; j
that is to say, I propose to increase the salary of ;
one, and to create the other office, as being essen-
tial to the discharge of the proper official duties of
the President. That far I am willing to go, and
120
no farther. My amendment is to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the eleventh section,
as proposed by the committee, and to insert
" That a yearlv salary of$2,500 be,and hereby is, allow-
ed to thv Secretary nf the President, from the commence-
ment ol the ptesent fiscal year, which sum is hereby appro-
priated for that purpose ; and that a messenger be assigned
to Llit' Piundets's otfice with the same annual compensation
as is allowed by Jaw to the principal messengers employed
in the Executive departments."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These two sec-
tions are proposed as an amendment by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and thereforea motion to strike
them out is not m order. The Senate may refuse
to adopt them, and then the Senator can move to ; ^ ^ ^ uie m yy a n _
mse.t. 1 he question us now on the amendment of ,, tm. m betWeen the going out of one President
the Senator irom Maryland to the amendment of . , , . • the President's
capacity. If the Senate think it is not proper to
give him any assistance, well and good. If they
give him any, I hope it will be given with the lib-
erality which the circumstances of the case require,
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there was one
feature in the amendment of the committee, which
I understood originated from the Senator from
North Carolina, which I really consider a very
important and valuable one for the public inter-
ests. It is the provision for an officer called a
steward, who shall have charge of the public
property in the President's House. Now, I hap-
pen to have known what possibly may be known
to other Senators, that there has occurred more
than once in the city of Washington, a sort ofin-
and the incoming of another; and the President's
p House and all its contents are, in fact, during that
i; time, abandoned. I have heard from the residents
1 of Washington, living in that neighborhood, that
during that interregnum the President's House
: has been actually the subject of common pillage.
' There has been nobody in it, and nobody in pos-
i session of the property.
- Mr. BADGER. Nobody had any authority.
Mr. MASON. As the Senator from North
j Carolina remarks, nobody had any authority there.
; 1 had thought it was the duty of the Commissioner
' of Public Buildings to take charge of any public
| building which was left, as the President's House
undoubtedly has been in more than one instance,
: without any authority whatever, or any person in
i it able to exercise authority. I remember to have
' heard what was alluded to by the Senator from
North Carolina that, at the time when General
' Harrison came into office, there arose, in some
way, a misunderstanding—1 do not mean any
angry, hostile misunderstanding—but some misin-
■ terpretation as to when the outgoing President
should go out, and the incoming President come
: in, and the result of it, as I understand, was that
when President Harrison went to the President's
House to take possession of that mansion, with
ryland
the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
' Mr. SLIDELL. I now move to amend the
amendment of the committee as it stands by strik-
! ing out the eleventh and twelfth sections, and in-
serting what has just been read.
! Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Louisiana that there can be no doubt about
the propriety of paying for the stationery of the
President for public purposes. We provide him
with a library, and 1 can see no objection to fur-
nishing him with stationery.
Mr SLIDELL. I will act on the suggestion
of the Senator from Michigan, and move only to
strike out the eleventh section, leaving the twelfth,
j and to insert in lieu of it:
That a yearly salary of $2,500 be, and hereby is, allowed
to the Secretary fur the Prescient,troin the commencement
01" tile present 'tbcal year, which mm la hereby appropri-
ated f' " that puipri^e; and that a messenger be assigned to
the President'* office, with the same annual compensation
as is allowed by law to the principal messengers employed
in the Executive depaitments.
Mr. MASON. 1 wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator trom Louisiana whether there is any officer
now known as the " Secretary of the President?"
Mr. SLIDELL. I hud the act authorizing j the ctuwd which attended him, and the friends
such an officer to be appointed, in my hand a short i wh0 were with him, when his family came to make
time ago, and I ran get it directly. The Secretary j, arrangements for the night, there actually was not
of the President was an office created by law, j enou|h bed clothing in the house to accommodate
and to him was assigned the duty of signingland j' them? Tt had been stolen or carried away. The
patents. I will state to the Senator from Virginia [ regt 0f the public property there is subject to the
what my motive was in drawing the amendment ' same sort of pillage and depredation.
in that form. I conceive that the amendment of j: Mr. CLAYTON. 1 am inclined to think the
the Senator from North Carolina, from the Com- I', eame thing has occurred on several other occa-
mittee on Finance, creates anew office altogether. ;
My object was to give a salary of $2,500 to the ;
Secretary of the President, an officer already
known to the law, as I will presently show. _ ! ^    ,0
Mr. MASON. My impression was, that in j; „ort;orl 0f ti,e public property is abandoned, and
order to provide the President with a Secretary, I therP ;s n0 authority exercised over it, I think
we save a salary of §1,500 to an officer who i, that the provision for an officer to reside in the
should have authority to sign the President's ; president's House as a public officer, under his
name to land patents; and he is not, by law, th\Lpontrol, of course, whose duty it should be to
Secretary of the President. He is merely author-Jp^p of the public property, was the most
ized to sign the President's name to land patents. , vaiuablc feature in the whole amendment. I sub-
The intention was to provide him with a Secretary i
in that way, and such is the practice.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state that there is an
assistant secretary, and he is called so in the Blue
Book, who receives the same compensation as the
chief secretary, $1,500, and I believe signs all the 1
patents, for I do not believe that the President's
secretary signs any patents at all. This is the j
law to which I referred:
H That it shall bo lawful for the President of the United
States b_v and with the advice and consent of the Senat'*,
to appoint a -oeietary, with a salary of 1 /,00 per annum,
who-e duty it shall be, under the direction oftlie President,
lo si2ii his name for him to all patents for land sold by and
under the authority ot th" United States.''
Bv a subsequentlaw, an assistant secretary was ,
appointed, who now in fact signs all the land pat-
ents, f'U" 1 understand the secretary of the Presi-
dent does not sign them at this time.
Mr. BADGER.. I hope the Senate will not j
adopt the amendment proposed by the Senator :
from Louisiana. 1 think the amendment in the j
' shape I have proposed it from the Committee on j
! Finance does only what is decent, and proper, j
i and respectable for the President in his official 1
sions.
Mr. MASON. So I have stated. There lean
awkward interval between the outgoing of one
President and themcoming of another. When that
mit, therefore, to the Senator from Louisiana
whether it would not be better to retain that fea-
ture. , _
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from Virginia, that there is a very simple mode of
■ gettin" over the difficulty which he has mentioned
as to "the danger of the public property in the
President's House being carried away, during the
time which elapses between the going out of one
President and the taking possession by another.
Why not provide against that difficulty by offer-
in" an amendment, that on all such occasions,
when there is no person properly in charge of the
Presidential Mansion, the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings shall be authorized to take .proper
charge of it for that purpose? This would save
the trouble of creating a permanent office.
Mr. MASON. Will it be in order to offer an
. amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright m
the chair.) It will not be in order, as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana is an amend-
' ment to the amendment of the committee-
