1&54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
should do what this amendment proposes, or are
we voluntarily shoving it upon them r
Mr. WELLElt. Mr. President, I happen to
know the fact that there were hundreds of these
unfortunate Indians, who were driven to the moun-
tains during the last winter, and who suffered
death for want of the necessary food to sustain
)ife. There are thousands of them, who, during
the coming year, if (here be no provision made
for them, must absolutely starve.
Mr. PETTiT. That does not answer my
question.
Mr. WELLER, They have not asked me for
my charity. They have not said u> me, as an
American Senator, that they wished me to see
that they be saved from starvation. 1 had a heart
that required no such appeal. Now, sir, if the
Senator from Indiana can see nn obligation; tf he
is content to sit down and say " Let them starve,
I do not find it written m the bond that I am to
support them," let him so decide by his vote.
Mr. PETTIT. I wished to know whether they
had asked for this.
Mr. WELLER. The great body of the In-
dians to whom f now allude, ate as wild and unciv-
ilized as the grizly bear of the mountains, and if
they attempted to speak to me, they could speak
only in a tongue that I could not comprehend. A
lurge portion of those Indians who suffered during
the last year for the want of food, have been driven
high up into the mountains by the white man,
and there they can obtain no food, no subsistence.
ISTow, we propose by these locations to induce
the Indian* to come down from the mountains,
engage in agriculture, and rely no longer upon
nature alone for their food. 'That is all that is
pi oposed. We have our "Mission " Indians there,
and the Senator from Georgia seemed to think
that we were inducing tho^e Indians to abandon
their labor in the mining region of the State, and
come down, and loaf away their time upon agri-
cultural pursuits. Let me tell the Senator that
those Indians who are to be provided for by this
system, never worked a day in the mines They
are unaccustomed to labor. They have never
performed it. They have obtained their supplies
directiy from nature. The white man has robbed
them of these; and there is, in my judgment, an ;
obligation resting on us to supply the place. As l
to whether the appropriation shall be $.125,000 or [
$'200,000, that is a question which the Senate |
can determine. 1 feel no greater solicitude in this .
matter than every man should feel, who sees the
Indians fading awav day after day because of the !
inhumanity of the white man.
But I did not intend to trespass upon the Senate
again, for I desire, above all things, to have this ■
question settled. The argument of my friend from !
Georgia was fully answered at the last session of,
Congress, and it would be a work of supereroga- >
tion to refute it again. ;
Mr. BELL. If the Senator from Georgia be
right in his views of this new policy, I shall be
opposed io it myself. The question was not much
debated at the last session of Congress, when the -
policy was adopted; but, if I have any correct ;
memory about it, it is directly the reverse of that !
which is stated by my friend from Georgia. I i
understood that these farms were to be reserved, i
and these grounds opened and prepared for culti-
vation, with a view to lure the Indians from their '
wandering, idle habits, and to induce them to j
become agricultuial laboiers. That is the very !
basis of the policy proposed to be established by 1
this new system—not that they shall be mam- ;
tained in idleness by the Government, but that :
they shall earn their subsistence by their own '•
hands. So far ns 1 have obtained any information .i
on ihc subject, (and 1 wish the Senator from Ar- il
kansasj to state whether it is the fact,) we have ;l
lured a great number of these Indians from their •,
wandering habits, and they are laborers nowupon u
these grounds. !
Mr. COOPER. About two thousand three hun- j
dred of ihem are now on one reservation. ;l
Mr. BELL. So I understand. The Govern- j
ment does not propose to employ laborers any i|
furth er than it may be necessary to initiate the ex- j[
periment; but it relies upon the Indians as the
laborers upon these grounds.
Mr. WALKER. Certainiv: that is it.
Mr. BELL. If I am mistaken in that, I am
wholly mistaken os to thescheme which has been
adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. But the Government is to
sustain them until they get the lands cleared and
ready for a crop.
Mr. BELL. I understood the Senator to say
that it was a permanent system; that instead of
allowing them to labor in the mines, or seek sub-
sistence as they ought to do, and as every human
being ought to be encouraged to do, this was a
system to maintain them in idleness.
Mr. DAWSON. Undoubtedly; and it has not
been denied. Of course ail that cannot labor must
be sustained; and if you have nothing to sustain
them on this year, when you bring them in, how
are you to subsist them?
Mr. BELL. Of course they are to be subsisted
for a year, or until they can raise a crop.
Mr. DAWSON. And then, after subsisting
them, they are to clear the land, and you are to
teach them how to cultivate; but up to this time
they have to be sustained.
Mr BELL. And that is precisely what we
did with the Indian tribes that we removed to the
west of the Mississippi. We gave millions on
millions for the purpose of paying the expense of
their tianspoitatioti weM, and then of subsisting
them for a year afterwards.
Mr. DAWSON. That was in pursuance of
treaty stipulations.
Mr. BELL. That part of this policy is in con-
formity with the past practice of the Government;
and what I warned my honorable friend from Ar-
kansas to state was, whether it was not the very
basts of this experiment that the Indians should
be luied from the mountains, and taught to seek
their own subsistence, and to earn their bread by
the sweat of their brows5
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Ten-
nessee has stated correctly the spirit of this new
system, which was adopted at the last session of
Congress. It is not contemplated that the Indians
are to be brought together, and fed and supported
absolutely at the expense of the Government, but
they are to be taught to woik, to work actively,
like other peisons engaged upon faims. Accotd-
mg to the report of the superintendent, the Indians
who have been collected upon the reserve near
Tejon Pass, are actively engaged in labor, and
profitable tabor. It is an astonishing fact, stated
by the superintendent, that the wild Indians from
the mountains are with great facility brought down
to the arduous and assiduous labors of the field.
As a matter of detail, I would mention that during
the operations of the last year, over forty Indian
boys weie engaged as plow boys; and a few days'
training fiom the agent, a man of practical inform-
ation in reference to that bu&ine&s, was sufficient
to make them useful laborers on the farm; and
out of two thousand three hundred Indians now
engaged there, I urideistand that every one has a
duty assigned him, and performs it stiictly, and
with a promptitude and facility which are quite
astonishing, considering that the Indians there ;
collected, are the root-diggers fiom the mountains,
and not those who have beers heretofore subsisted
at the " M issions."
Mr. BELL. They are the wild Indians.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir; they are the
wild Indians who have been brought from the
mountains, and not the old " Mission" Indians,
who were far advanced m a knowledge of agri-
cultural pursuits.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Wlli.er to the amend-
ment of the committee, to strike out $125,000,
and insert $200,000, resulted—yeas 19, nays IS;
as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Chase, Clay,
Dodije of Wisconsin, Gwin, Jame«, Maltorv, Morton,
Pratt, Itu-=k, Pew-irri, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New jfiM>v,Wai!e, YVHirr, and William-—19.
NAYS—Mes-i-5. Atchison, nrndhead, Butler, Cooper,
Dawson, Dodge of Fowa, Evans, Fitzpatr ick, Fool, H untei,
Jours of 1 own, Jones of TeniM'^see, Norris, i'ettit, f^eba-1*-
tian, Stuart, Toombs, and Walker—18.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the amend-
ment as amended, by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provide, That no portion of this amount shall be paid
over to the superintendent of Indian affairs unt.l lie shall
account satisfactorily for the amount already drawn >>y turn
out of the former appropriation ; and that hereafter no
moie than shall he drawn by the sard superintend-
ent, or he in his hands unexpended at one and the s>aine
time.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator will insert the
word " present" before "superintendent," I think
there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. That would make it objec-
tionable.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Michigan
himself, I think, will see the impropriety of this
amendment as it now stands. I do not pretend
to say, nor do I believe, that the present superin-
tendent has done anything wrong. But suppose
he has? This amendment is offered upon the
hypothesis that something has been done which,
is wrong. Suppose that to be so; then the super-
intendent will not make his report at all; and the
result js, that no appropriation is made for the
support of the Indians. The Government will
discharge this man, if he has done wrong,and put
some one else in his place; and yet your appro-
priation is avoided by the amendmentof theSen-
: ator from Michigan. That amendment, as I have
I said, is predicated upon the supposition that the
I piesent superintendent has not discharged his
duty. If that be so, he will not make his report,
but will be turned out by the Pies-ident, and some-
body else be put in; and yet, under the proposed
amendment, the appropriation will not go into
effect.
| Mr. STUART. I see the difficulty which is
I apprehended by the Senator from Maiyland, but
[ I wish to suggest to him that it would hardly
I occur practically. I think there is a very serious
I objection to the alteration which he has suggested,
] because I think it might be regarded very properly
j as being invidious against this officer. That I wish
to avoid very carefully. But suppose the worst
state of things; suppose this money cannot be sat-
isfactorily accounted for by the superintendent; it
does not follow that if a new officer were appoint-
ed, this appropriation would therefore be sus-
pended .
Mr PRATT. Certainly it would, under the
amend ment.
Mr. STUART. In my opinion it would not;
but if I am mistaken in that, it would be better to
u.-e some other terms than those indicated by the
Senator from Maryland. I think, however, that
I am not mistaken, and in that case I think within
the substantial meaning of the law the amend-
ment would be complied with. That is my view
of it. I am not, however, tenacious ab"Ut words.
I only wish to avoid anything that will convey an
imputation against this officer. Itseemsto me that
if we were to put in the word •'present," as sug-
gested by the Senator, it would be a direct impu-
tation airauifu him.
M r. COOPER. I think the Senator from Michi-
gan had belter put m the word "present." it
will not hurt his amendment.
Mr. STUART. If there be no objection, I
will consent to that amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I do not see any necessity for
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan. I
, take it for granted that if the approptiation be
| made, the Depaitment will put no more money
I into the hands of the .superintendent until he ha«
■ accounted for that which be has already received.
I Now, in repaid to the amount which has been
. paid over to the superintendent; I understand that
: the other appropriation was placed, as I said to-
i day, in the hands of the sub-treasurer, and the
I superintendent was requested, by his instructions,
' to draw for a sum not exceeding £>20.000, until
! he had already accounted for that which he had
: received. Wherefotc, then, the necessity of this
amendment? Cannot the whole object be at-
tained by a faithful discharge of duty on the part
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs? If he
, gives instructions, and those instiuctions are dis-
! obeyed, I take it for granted that he will remove
, the recusant officer. Wherefore, then, the neces-
! sity of inserting this amendment ? Why proceed
| to do the very thing which the Department of the
[Interior has already done, and which, under the
existing law, the head of the Department has full
authority to do.
i Mr. COOPER. The object of this amendment
was suggested by myself, and it was suggested
■ because the superintendent had, on one or two
occasions, on one certainly, drawn perhaps to-day
$20,000, and to-morrow £20.000, or $30,000, or
$*0,000 more, or perhaps ^120,000. Did he pot
draw $>120,000 at once? It is to meet that very
thmg that the amendment is offered.
Mr. WELLER. I should take it that that was
a direct violation of his instructions, and if I were
