1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; and they were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 18, n&ys 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Bright, Dodge of
Iowa, Fessenden, Foot, Gilfetfe, Houston, Hunter, John-
son, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason, Pratt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Slidell, and Thompson of Kentucky—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Brodhead, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Fish, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Pearce, Shields, Stuart,
Sumner, Thomson of New J ersey, Toombs, Wade, Walker,
Weiler, and Williams—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected, and the question recurring upon the amend-
ment of the committee, as it had been amended on
the motion of Mr. Pearce,
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I have every disposition in the
world to make any arrangement by law that will
conduce to the convenience or comfort of the occu-
pant of the Executive Mansion; bat I am not ;
satisfied that we have the power to do it in the
form proposed by this amendment. 1 recollect
very well that at the time the President was al-
lowed a secretary to sign his name to land patents,
it was considered the only mode in which the
Presidentcould have a private secretary, the clause
of the Constitution, which has been referred to, !
being in the way. I am not satisfied in my own
mind, by any means, of the constitutionality of
giving the President, indirectly, the emoluments
proposed to begiven by this provision, and I must
therefore, reluctantly, vote against it.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, in considering
this subject, I have been unable to come to any
conclusion similar to that which has just been pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia. It is by no
express provision that we furnish any Depart-
ment with a single material connected with its
business. It is under the general power given to
us by the Constitution to appoint necessary offi-
cers. Now, sir, can any man question that it is
competent for the Congress of the United States
to provide the President a house, and to furnish
it completely; or they may refuse to provide him j
a house at all; and does it effect the question of,
raising or diminishing his salary ? Notin the least, j
You "may furnish any amount of service in that j
house that you deem necessary to protect the i
property of the Government; for it is, every dol- |
lar of it, the property of the Government. The j
President does not own a cent's worth of it. It I
is provided for by law, out of the Treasury of the j
United States. j
Sir, it is conceded by every Senator who has ■
spoken on the subject, that past experience has
snown conclusively that the only way to protect
the property of the United States in the Presi-
dential Mansion is in this or some similar mode;
and I submit, without detaining the Senate, that
the mode of doing it is simply a question for con-
gressional legal discretion. Anything Congress
deems it important and proper to do by law to
protect the property of the United States m rise
Executive Mansion, it has the power to do. Any
number of messengers that Congress deems it
proper for the head of a Department, or the head of
a Bureau, or the President of the United States to
have in the public service, is constitutional to pro-J
vide for. Tins subject, I confess, is a new one
to me, on the score of discretion. On that point
I take the opinion and experience of older Sena-
tors who have gone before me, and who have
occupied positions in connection with the Execu-
tive Departments, which enable them to judge of
the expediency of the measure, and with them
there is no difference of opinion. In lespect to
the question of constitutional power, I have no
difficulty at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Batterer, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Blown, Butler, Cass Clay, Clayton, Cooper,
Dawson, Dodge nf Iowa, Fi^h, Fitzpatrick, Gwrn, Ham-
lin, Houston, Hunter, James. Johnson, Maliory, Ponree,
Shields Stuart,Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Walker,
Weiler, and Williams—30.
NAYS—Mew?*. Adams, Chase, Fes«enden, Foot. Geyer,
Gillette, Jones of Tenue«ee, Ma^on, Piatt, Hu^k, H!i
deli. Sumner, ThompsonofKxutuckv,Toombs arid Wade
—15.
So the amendment of the committee, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I now wish to call up the mo-
tion which I made yesterday, to reconsider the
yote by which the Senate adopted the amendment
reported from the Committee on Finance as the
seventh section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri will
allow the Chair to say there is an amendment
reported by the Committee on Finance which has
not yet been disposed of. After that his motion will
come up properly.
Mr. GEYER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
now on the following amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, which was reserved for a separate
vote on Saturday last:
Sec. — Jivd be it further enacted, That the President of
the United State®, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint
a commissioner, at a compensation not exceeding #4,000
per annum, to ascertain the nature, character, extent, and
value of all valid claims arising, in Washington and Oregon
Territories, under the treaty with Great Britain o( the 15th
June, 1846 ; and should said claims, or any part thereof, be j
deemed of sufficient public and political importance to
justify or require the measure, the President is hereby au-
thorized to duect said commissioner to agree with the
claimants and the Hudson's Bay Company for the relin-
quishment of their claim* on a just and fair valuation, and
to pav over the amount so agreed upon, upon a lull and
entire surrender and relinquishment of all right, title, claim,
interest, and demand therein, and thereto, to the United
Slates: Provided, That none of the lands acquired under
this .section shall be subject to donation or preemption,
bur shall be sold ai public auciion, unless incases whuie,
in the opinion of the commissioner, the sum paid tor any
particular parcel or piece shall be less lhan a fair price theie-
for, to be ascertained by the commissioner aforesaid, said
sales to bo made for ca^h, and at such times and places,
and with 6uch postponements as may be directed by said
commissioner; and tor carrying into effect the provisions
of this section, in case of purchase, a sum not exceeding
$300,000 is hereby appropriated • Provided, That the amount
to be paid for all the said claims, rights, and interests shall
not exceed the sum herein appropriated ; and for defray-
ing the expi'ii^ea of the commission, the further miih of
 dollars is hereby appropriated, payable out of any
money in the Tteasurv not otherwise appioprinted.
Sec. —• be itjurtkw autclcd, That in ease it shall
In; deemed inexpedient to sell said landsand improvements
immediately, or any part theieot, the President shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized, on lite extinguishment of the
title as aforesaid, to direct the commissions to take po*-
se^sion ol the same lor and m the name of the Unit> d Stales,
and to lease the same on such terms and conditions and for
such sum or sums as he may deem proper and right, sub-
ject, however, lo sale, when, in his opinion, it may be
proper, after the United Stales surveys have been extended
over the same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Virginia that there is
a blank in the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope it will be adopted with
the blank. I have not the information yet to
enable me to move to fill it. The blank is for the
expenses of the commission. Before the bill is
through with, 1 wiil obtain the information from
the Department. j
Mr. CLAYTON. I would suggest to the chair- i
man of the committee that he had better withdraw j
H for the present until he gets the information. i
S Mr. HUNTER. I will ask that it he over until I
I to-morrow.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be laid
! over. The next question in order is the motion
of the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] to re-
consider the vote by which section seven was
afcreed to, as an amendment reported from the
Committee on Finance. The section is:
2 " Sue. 7. Jlnd />e it fmthcr enm-ted, That the sum of
7$3(!0,0i)0 be, and the same is heieby, appropriated, to be
paid to the State of California for the expenses ot the gov-
ernment of said State from its organization until its admis-
sion into the Union."
Mr. GEYER. Mr President, I made the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on that amendment for
the purpose of testing the principle, rather than
with any expectation that the Senate would re-
verse its votes given on former occasions. It pro-
poses to pay $300,000 to the State of California
for the expenses of her State government from the
time of ltd organization until her admission into
j the Union; and the claim is founded, I believe, on
1 this basis: that if a teiritonal government had
1 been organized in California, the expenses would
! have been paid out of the Treasury of the United
i States, it being of late years the practice here to
j pay the whole expenses of the territorial govern-
j merits out of the national Treasury. It is, there-
' fore, a proposition to vote an appropriation for
I the support of a State government, on the ground
| that if it had been a territorial government, the
I expense would have been borne out of the national
; Treasury ! I intend to make this a test vote, so
{ far as I am concerned; and I desire to call the at-
1 tention of the Senate to the fact that there are
seven States of this Union which supported their
territorial governments out of their own local
treasuries, during the whole period of their second
grade of government. They were Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, of the old Northwest Territory; and
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Missouri.
Missouri was the last. The Legislature, and the
local judiciary, were supported out of the territo-
rial treasury. The expenses of the convention
that formed her constitution were borne out of the
■local treasury. The State was longer out of the
Union than California,after the organization of the
State government. Her constitution was signed
on the 19th of July, 1820, and she was kept out
of the Union (notwithstanding the act by which
the contract was made, that she should be admit-
ted upon an equal footing with the original States)
until the 10th of August, 1821.
Now, sir, if we are to pay the expenses of the
State government of California, because if it had
been a Territory they would have been payable
out of the Federal Treasury, then all the seven
States which I have named have a right to demand
that the expenses borne by them out of their local
treasuries shall be refunded with interest, out of
the national Treasury. I have made the motion
to reconsider, as 1 have remarked, not with a view
particularly of defeating this amendment, but for
the purpose of bringing the attention of the Senate
to the principle,and tomakeitatest vote; forif the
amendment does pass, Twill, on the part of Mis-
souri, and I hope all the members from the seven
States which I have named will, on the part of
their States, press on the Government of the
United States the claim which they will have as
well founded as that of California, on the national
Treasury now.
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me, sir, that if
the Senator from Missouri desired to test the
principle to whtcfr he alludes, the proper place for
him to do so would be when an appropriation was
asked for some of those Territories. Now, sir, it
seems to have been the settled practice of the
Government, from 1820 to the present day, to
pay ail the expensesof the territorial governments.
That Senator during the present session has been
voting money from the Treasury to pay the ex-
penses of territorial governments. If he thought
it a bad practice; if he preferred the precedent
which had been observed anterior to 1820, that
would have been the proper time and place to have
raised this question.
I apprehend, if it is the practice of this Gov-
ernment to pay the expenses of Territorial Legis-
latures, and all the governmental expenses during
the territorial existence of any people, then Cal-
ifornia is clearly entitled to this sum. She was
left without any territorial government. The
people were compelled themselves, for the protec-
tion of their persons and property, to organize a
government. They chose to organize a State in-
stead of a territorial government. If they had
organized a territorial government, then, under
the established practice of this Government, the
Federal Treasury would have been held liable for
all the expenses; but they established a State
government; they established that from necessity,
! because of the failure of the Federal Government
] to give them any sort of institutions for their pro-
| teciion.
Mr. President, it does seem to me that this is
not the proper place to test the propriety of that
practice. 1 grant that anterior to 1826 the ex-
penses of Territorial Legislatures were defrayed
from the local treasuries of the Territories; out
; Congress, from that day to this, have seen proper
i to pursue a different practice. They have paid
| all the expenses of the territorial governments of
this Union. If a government was organized in
1849 or 1850 in California, because of the failure
on your part to take the initiative, then 1 hold that
you are bound to defray the necessary expenses of
that government. This question hasheen passed
upon Ky the Senate heretofore. I believe it was
then fully discussed. I regret very much that it
is now brought up. I trust that the motion will
not be agreed to by those who are satisfied, as I
trust the Senate must be, that the people of Cal-
ifornia were compelled to form a State government
in 1849-'50; and that, therefore, the just and
proper expenses which weie incurred by that
oigamzalion should be a charge upon the Federal
Treasury.
Mr, GWIN. Mr. President, although Call-
