1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
at the head of the Department, I would notches-
itate to remove a public officer who would disobey
his instructions in that way. Nobody has at-
tempted to shield the superintendent of Indian
affairs, if he has acted improperly, if he has vio-
lated the instructions of the Department, hit the
Department remove him; I shall utter r>o com-
plaint; but there is no necessity for the legislation
proposed by the amendment. I
Mr. COOPER. I think there is.
Mr. STUART, I hardly think the suggestion
of S^na'or from California will answer in place
of legislation. If this officer, or any other, mis-
appropriates money, you may remove the officer;
but that, after all, will not save the money. The
object of thel^gislation is to save the money. The
addition suggested to me by the Senator from
Pennsylvania was, that he shall not only not draw
more than §20,000 at a time, but that he shall not
have exceeding that amount in his hands at any
one time unexpended and unaccounted for. That.
I have put m my amendment, so as to make it
perfectly clear. This officer, as has been suggested
to me, is only required to give bonds to the amount
of $30 000; and it seems to me that the amount of
money in his hands, unexpended, should be within
the limit of his bonds; and I submit that that
should be a matter of law. I have admitted the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land, to mseit the won! " present," inasmuch as
the Senator from California has no objection. 1
submit that it does not answer the amendment to
say that the Department may regulate this by in-
struction. Whatever it is proper to do, ou ht to
be done by law, so far as it can he done, without
hampering the operations of the Government.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator did not under-
stand me as agreeing to the insertion of the word
"present." I said nothing on that subject, and I
do not know how he could draw the inference that
I was in favor of it. i should be unwilling to put
in that word, because it would look as though we
intended to impeach the mteguty of the present
incumbent, and advise the Department to remove
him. I am unwilling to act in that way.
Mr. STUART, I should not myself h'lve ac-
cepted that alteration, if I had not understood the
Senator as conceding that it ou°ht to be made.
My own opinion was, that it would be a reflection
on the incumbent.
Mr. GW1N. 1 will mention one fact in con-
nection with this question, which r;eems to mo to
make the amendment useless. An order has been
issued from the Tiensury Department recently,
requiring the disbursing officers in California to
keep the whole of the public money which they
have to disburse tinder appropriations made by
Congress, with the sub-treasuiei at San Fran-
cisco, and they ran draw it out only upon \ouch-
ers. They cannot, therefore, get any of the public
money unless they furnish their umcheis (o the
sub-treasurer, and he pays tin ii drafts. The sys-
tem has been entirely changed since the occur-
rences which have been alluded to. The change
has been made within the present year. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has issued those instruc-
tions to the assistant treasurer in California, and
he has received a leply that that officer is pre-
pared to curry out the system. In future, there-
fore, the public money will be disbursed in Cali-
fornia precisely as the public, funds are now dis-
bursed in this city, at the Treasury of the United
States. In this way the money will not go into
the bunds of n disbursing officet.as heretofore,
but will be regained by fhe sub-treasurer, and
paid ont upon vouchers. Hence, in my opinion,
there is no necessity for the Amendment of the
Senator from .Michigan, because the money will
not be paid over diiectly to the disbursing officer,
but will be re'-.ined by t he suh-tieasurer, and paid
out upon vouchors us they are presented.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan accept the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Maryland ?
Mr. STUART, f do not accept it unless jr be
agreed to by the Senators from California.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maiyland to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, but 1 object
to the whole of it. I think thai, perhaps, as it
stands it might tie up the officer's hands. I am
afraid that until the accounts are settled, none of
fhe money will be use1?: and in that way the pro-
vision, as it stands, might lead to embarrassment.
Mr. STUART. Then I accept the suggestion
of the Senator from Maryland, and insert the
word " present" before the word "superintend-,
ent." ;
The amendmenlof Mr. Stuart to the amend- |
ment of the committee, as amended, was agreed !
to.
Mr. WALKER. I have another amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. GYVIN. No vote has yet been taken on :
the amendment which 1 proposed.
Mr. WALKER. 1 wish to perfect the com-
mittee's amendment before the question is taken ,
on that of the Senator from California. My
amendment is to insert after the wot d "Provided^"
where it first occurs, the words " that before any ;
part of said sum shall be expended;" so that the
clause shall read:
Provided, That before any purl ui «aul *um shall be ex- >
pendod, the ^t.ite or (.'aiitorin.i ?hali cede the ittve^ary !
jurisdiction in tauh caecs.
There is o provision m the nmenumeut of the
committee which was intended to be what H will
be when my amendment is agreed to. But as it
now stands, the Senate will perceive that it is too
vague ami indefinite to accomplish the object m
view.
| Mr. SEBASTIAN I um willing to accept
that.
I Mr. GWIN. lam utteily opposed to it. It
ties up the whole appropriation until the Stato of
California acts; and the Legislatme does notmeet
until next January. 1 do hope the appropriation
will be permitted to pass in such afosm that it can
be made available. If it is lied up by these pro-
visoes, it will be as well to make no appropriation
at all. We want this policy carried on under the
| control of the Secretary of the Interior. We wish
' to give him this fund,In order to keep the peace
; with the Indians thex e, and H necessaiy carry out
this policy, and ujoposeto the Legislature of Cal-
! tfornia next w.nter that she .shall give us junsdic-
j Uon over the^e reservations. I think there will
i be no difficulty m going on if we do nut tiammel
the Department too much by these provisoes.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the amend-
, ment of the committee, as it now stands, is de-
signed to go on witn, and cany out, the system
■ adopted at the last tension of Congress. In order
i to perfect the amendment, it will be necessary to
adopt the provision winch I ha\e proposed.
1 When it is p< iftcted, tile question will be taken
■ on the amendment of the Seiuitoi from California,
\ which is to cut loo&e all restrict ion from theappro-
! priation, and leave it a general appropriation, such
' as were made in foi mer times, simply for the sub*
, sistence of the Indians. With that view, I think
it is well the Senare should a ot: on it. If it io
necessary to go on and pc: f*. cr the plan of last
' session, we should 'certainly do jt in such a way
that we am have authority. The Senator from
California himself kn the first to start objection
here to this plan. Yesterday, for the fiist. time,
, he brought to our notice the tact that California
was objecting to the location of the Indians on
the reservations. Now, if we are going on with
! that plan, if it is deemed the best policy to con-
tinue it, is it not necessary, if his ground be cor-
rect, that we shall obumi m some way the consent
■ of California5 Shall we make the appropriation
1 absolute? .'Shall we go on, and by fhe appropria-
tion of this sum of money declare, that the Indians
shall be located on these reservations; and when
, they are so located, is California to step forwaid
■ and say we shall not do it? I hone not. if we
■ are to congregate the Indians upon these military
reservations, and that canno; be done without the
consent of California, in the name of common
sense, is theie any li, rm m obtaining her consent;
and if she will not give it, to say respectfully to
her, "We will not expend ourmonevm this enter-
priser*' That is all that is pioposed by this pro-
viso, and I do not see how you can get along
without her consent, it is impossible to do so.
Suppose the appropriation is m ule with a view to
carry on the system that has been established there.
If the provision shall be adopted, it wiN be with a
view to carry on the system whHi has been
, initiated there; and yet, when you come to expend
the money for the purpose, you find you cannot
do it, because California objects. Then, is it not
i well to get the consent of California? You have to
get it, or abandon the system. The abandonment
j of it is proposed by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwin,] in his amendment. Then, when we
shall have abandoned it, by the adoption of his
amendment, this will all have been stricken out,
and there will be no harm in it; but, as long as we,
propose to carry out the system, let us do it by
the consent of California; for without her consent,
it is pretty generally conceded we cannot do it.
That is all that is proposed by my amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, 1 wish to ap^
peal to my friend from Wisconsin to withdraw
this amendment. I think there is great force in
the suggestion made by the Senator from Califor-
nia. if you require, as a condition precedent to
the expenditure of any of this mone}'', that this
cession of jurisdiction ahull be given, as the Legis-
lature of California does not meet un'iJ the Janu-
ary of next year, you will, in eiFect, suspend the
application of the whole ot the money. Now, I
think*, under the circumstances, when we consider
: the distance of California from the seat of Gov-
; ernmenf; when we consider the necessity of some
\ immediate application of this money towards the
! general purpose, we may safely trust to the propei
! Executive officer not to make any huge and unwise
j expenditure until the consent of ihe Suite of Cab
| lforma shall have been obtained, I think we had
1 better leave it to his discretion, uudei the existing
] circumstances, on account of the importance of a
! power immediately to use some portion of the
' money, and on account of the distance of the
! place and the time before a cession of jurisdiction
I can be obtained. I agree with the Sf nator entirely
I in his views; but I think, under the particular cir-
i cumstances of the case, we had better not impose
j a positive restriction, which will m.«ke it just as if
I the money had not been appropiiuted until some
: time, perhaps, in the -mcceedmg month of Feb-
ruary.
Mr. WALKER. II the argument oi the hon-
■ orable Senator from North Carolina !,c correct,
! we should not adopt the Amendment of the com-
mittee at all, for if he will hslen to the reading of
i that amendment, he will see that the \vLw,e of it
I proceeds upon the ground that we are to continue
1 this reservation plan. If we ate going upon that
plan, my proposition m necesyaiy to pel feet the
! amendment of the committee. Afteryou have per
I ficted it, you may strike it all out, on the argu
, ment of the Senator, and adopt the proposition of
the Senator fiom California. I shall make no
: strenuous opposition to that proposition; but if
. we are to adopt the amendment of the committee
; as our policy, it is absolutely necessity that my
i amendment should be made to it. Peitect itfnst.
| and then take the question on the proposition of
: the Senator from California, end adopt that, if the
; views of the Senator from Noifh Carolina are to
be carried out.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest to my friend from
; Wisconsin that I assumed, for the purpose of the
: suggestion which I threw out to him,that theces-
1 sion from California is necessary; but he will ob-
! serve that that is by no means a clear point. Itis
; by no means sure that we are not entitled to pro-
I c.eed without the consent of California. But I
; want to raise no unnecessary question about it-
I That consent will no doubt be given, when th*
I Legislature, shall have an opportunity of yielding:
■ it. In the meantime, let the officers of the Govern •
; ment go on and carry out this beneficent scheme
j Do not hamper thern by a proviso, which in one
i aspect of it, may be a concession of what we ought
' not to concede; and, in the other. wiU produce p
mischievous dehiy in the useful C'>nimtmeeme;if
■ of this system. Let us becontenf whh practicable
guards. Let us be satisfied to leave some disc lo-
tion to fhe executive officers. Let us not, by an
exceeding anxiety to tie up this matter against ail
| possibility of contingency in a direction we may
not approve, put upon it such restrictions as may
■ render it, in a great measure, impracticable for a
considerable period of time. ^STow, that strikes
me to be reasonable; and F know that my friend is
I reasonable. I hope, therefore, that he will no!
■ embaridss this piovision by his amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw my amend-
1 ment, and in doing so, I \v\A\ to make one ob-
servation. I see it is clearly rhe 'V-sign of the
; Senate to abandon the policy tlut ir_ agrec-d to at
! the last session; for, without ohtauiinsr the con-
| sent of California before the expenditure of the
money is made there, you w.ll not obtain it at
! all, and without obtaining it you cannot carry on
: the plan-
