340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
the first (lay I took my seat in this body, resolu-
tions touching slavery, in a manner exceedingly
offensive to men of the North, were urged upon
us day after day, week after week, and month
after month, well calculated to stir the blood of a
northern man, and yet I sat under it. While it
was a matter in the abstract, I cared nothing
about it. Your finality resolutions that weie
debated here so long, all that you could say
here or elsewhere, your determinations to resist
all agitation of this subject, never stirred me to
opposition; but when you come in here, by law
attempting to legalize slavery in half a conti-
nent, and to bring it into this Union in that
way, and when, in doing so, you are guilty of
the greatest perfidy you can commit, I must
enter my indignant protest against it. Sir, what
will be the consequence of passing this bill? Does
not any man see that its first effect will be to ren-
der all future compromises absolutely ridiculous
and impossible? for if one as solemnly entered into
as this, as faithfully lived up to as this, shall be
thus wantonly broken down, how, when a matter
of difference again arises between us, shall we
compromise it? Shall we have any faith in each
other? No, sir; no. Where is your compromise
of 1850? Why it is just as effectually gone as the
compromise you now seek to repeal. They both
stand together. One guarantees the other. They
are linked together by the same legislation. To
repudiate one is to repudiate both. And do you
believe, sir, that we shall keep our hands off that
portion of the legislation of 1850 upon which the
South now relies as giving an equal chance for
slavery in New Mexico and Utah, and which is
exceedingly offensive to the North, as that was
free country when we conquered it ? Suppose a
prodigious excitement pervades all the noithern
States. Suppose they come in here to say to
the South: "You have led the way in repudi-
ating compromises, and, as there is no further
trust to be reposed in one section of the country oi
the other, we sternly demand a repeal of all those
laws which are for your benefit, as you have gone
foremost in doing away with that portion which
were made for us." What shall then be said ?
What plea can you put in to me, when I come
here backed by my constituents, demanding that
now, inasmuch as the South have come up as one
man and have taken away all the guarantees on
which we and our forefathers relied to guard
this great domain against the encroachments of
slavery, inasmuch as it has been ruthlessly tram-
pled under foot by a few treacherous men not
consulting with their constituents, that you shall
repeal all the compromise laws, the fugitive slave
law included, which you hold of consequence to
you? Has any northern man offered su(.h a
proposition ? 1 know you complained that'we do
not submit with as much resignation to your
fugitive bill as you would be glad to see. Well,
sir, we do not. I agree to that. Why do we
not? It is because the northern mind, imbued
with the principles of liberty, is unable to see the
force of your claim and title to the slave. I grant
that the Constitution of the United States contains
what you call a compromise; but it is scarcely
more sacred than the one under consideration.
So for as the inclinations of the people will go, so
far as their feelings will go, you have a faithful
execution of that law; but if you demand that
against which human nature itself revolts, you
must take it, with such objections as naturally will
arise In general your law has been enforced; but
what will be said when you have thrown down
the gaunt/et on the otherside, and told us that com-
promises for our benefit mean nothing at all?
Have you not got now three slave States out of
the Louisiana purchase nearly as large as the rest
of that territory, and are you not enjoying it5 Has
any man from the North ever said it should be
taken from you? No, sir; not a lisp of it, not a
word of it. Is not freedom to be considered as
well as slavery ?
But, sir, I would rather put this question on
broader principles than these compacts, sacred as
they are, and from which no man who violates
them can escape with honor. However, as ! have
intimated already, this is agreat question of human
rights. Now, if there is not really any difference
between liberty and slavery, then all that our
fathers have done; all that the Declaration of In-
dependence has set forth; all the legislation in
England and in this country to further and guar-
antee the principles of human liberty, are a mere
nullity, and ought not to be lived up to. This
may be so, but we have been taught differently.
Gentlemen have argued this question as though
it were a matter of entire indifference whether the
continent is to be overrun with slavery, or whether
it is to be settled-by freemen. 1 know that those
who hold slaves may have an interestin this ques-
tion ; but when you consult this matter in the light
of States, or communities, there can be but one
answer to it. If there is any other, as I said before,
if both are to stand and fare alike, then human lib-
erty is a humbug, and tyranny ought to be the
order of the day. But, Mr. President, this is also
an exceedingly dangerous issue. I know the Sen-
ator from Kentucky said he did not think there
would be verymuch of a storm after all. He was
of opinion that the northern mind would immedi-
ately lie down under it, that the North would do
as they have frequently done, submit to it, and
finally become indifferent in regard to it. But i
tell the gentleman that I see indications entirely
adverse to that. 1 see a cloud, a little bigger now
than a man's hand, gathering m the north, and in
the west, and all around, and soon the whole
northern heavens will be lighted up with a fire that
you cannot quench. The indications of it are rife
now in the heavens, and any man who is not blind
can see it. There are meetings of the people in
all quarters; they express their alarm, their dis-
may, their horror at the proposition which has
been made here. You cannot make them believe
that the thing is seriously contemplated here.
How is it? You of the South, ail of you, propose
to go for repudiating this obligation. Do you not
see that you are about to bring slavery and free-
dom face to face, to grapple for the victory, and
that one or the other must die? I do not know
that I ought to regret it, but I say to gentlemen
you are antedating ihe time when that must come.
It has always been my opinion that principles j>o
entnelyin opposition to each other, so utterly hos-
tile and irreconcilable, could never exist long in the
same Government. But, sir, with mutual for-
bearance and good will, with no attempt on either
side to take the advantage of the other, perhaps
we might have lived in happiness and peace for
many years; but when you come boldly forth to
overthrow the time-honoredguarantees of liberty,
you show us that the principles of slavery are ag-
gressive, incorrigibly aggiessive; that they can no
more be at ease than can a guilty conscience. If
you show us that—and you are fast pointing the
road to such a state of things —how can it be other-
wise than that we must meet each other as ene-
mies, fighting for the victory; for the one or the
other of these principles must prevail.
I tell you, sir, if you precipitate such a conflict
as that, it will not be liberty that will die in the
nineteenth century. No, sir, that will not be the
party that must finally knock under. This is a
progressive age; and if you will make this fight,
you must be leady for the consequences. 1 re-
gret it. I am an advocate for the continuance of
this Union; but as 1 have already said, I do not
believe this Union cun survive ten years the act
of perfidy that will repudiate the great compro-
mise of 1820.
Mr. President, I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate upon this subject. Perhaps I have said all
that 1 have to say upon it. I wished to enter my
protest against this act. I wished to wash my
hands clean of this nefarious conspiracy to trample !
on the rights of freemen, and £ive the ascendency
to slavery. I could not justify my course to my
constituents without having done so to the utmost 1
of my ability; and having done so, I shall leave
this issue to you to say whether it is safe, right,
and reasonable for any fancied advantage, to incur
such enormous perils.
I know gentlemen think all is calm, and I know
they will preach peace. I wish there was real
peace, for I do not delight in contention. 1 have
endeavored not to be a contentious man here. I
have endeavored even to abide hy your compro-
mises, which I did not exactly like.
But I have overlooked one thing that I ought
to have said. The Senator from Illinois deduces
|j some great principles from the compromises of;
|, 1850. So he says in his speech. Now, from 1
;| the very nature of those compromises, it was all I
|! but impossible that any particular principle could j
:| be deduced from them. There were several an- f
li tagonistical subjects, about which there was dis- i
pute; and, indeed, there can never be much of a
principle drawn from a compromise of antagonist-
ical principles. That is not the place to fix a.
principle. There was California—she had adopted
a constitution, and sought to be admitted into the
Union. Here was Texas wishing to have her
boundary adjusted with New Mexico. Here was
the District of Columbia, in which the North
contended that slave-markets should be abolished.
Perhaps there were no two men who agreed in all
these propositions. Some were for permitting Cali-
fornia to be admitted into the Union. The whole
North thought it oughttocomein; butdid you then
stand upon the doctrine of non-intervention? Here
was a State organized with a free constitution,
knocking at your doors for admission. Where,
then, was this great doctrine of non-intervention m
the South? Where did it find any advocates then :
Why, sir, the State of Georgia, I recollect, passed
her resolutions, and among other points which she
said would justify her in dissolving the Union, one
was the admission of California into the Union.
There, sir, was non-intervention with a vengeance !
The whole South stood in opposition to her enter-
ing this Union with a free constitution. Was that
non-intervention ? And yet the gentleman says,
one great principle that he deduces from the legis-
lation of 1850 is non-intervention. So far from
th$t, I should suppose it was intervention of the
very highest character, to shut a State out of this
Union, to resist her approach here as long as it
could be done, and never to yield to it till some
consideration could be given for it. A principle of
non-intervention, says thegentleman, growing out
of such a state of things as that! But, the gentle-
man also said that he offered to extend the Mis-
souri compromise line to the Pacific, and he says
the anti-slavery feeling rejected it, and therefore
he is going to take vengeance upon us, and come
up into the North with his slavery doctrine. How
was that? The Missouri compromise was a re-
striction upon slavery; but the territories which
we acquired from Mexico were already, by a
decree of Mexico, free frona slavery; therefore
your line, when you proposed it, was to extend
slavery, not to restrict it. There is no analogy in
the principles at all. One restricted slavery, and
the other extended slavery. What would be said
of me if I should undertake to deduce a prin-
ciple from the action of Congress in 1850 in re-
spect to the District of Columbia? You abolished
the market for slaves here, and declared that they
should not be brought into the District for sale.
Then I might say, on the gentleman's doctrine,
that you had settled agreat principle; that you
should not have slave-markets anywhere else, and
it would be just as logical as the principles which
thegentleman deduces from some other of those
compromise measures. The fact was, that there
were a great manyieal or fancied interests antago-
nistical to each other; and while hardly any man
agreed as to the settlement of them all, they got
together, as men settle other controversies—they
undertook to arbitrate and to compromise. Al-
though they did not agree to any one thing in par-
ticular, they said, we will take these measures as
a whole; they are the best we can do, and there-
fore we will submit to them; and having submitted s
we will abide by them.
The iited of a compromise of course presup-
poses that the disputing parties have not got all
that they were contending for. How then can
you deduce principles from such a state of things
as that? No one thought of doing it, but one
who was contending for the overthrow of even
this last compromise, without giving any reason
why he had done it; for I am sure if there was a
reason adequate to such an exigency as this, it
would be easy either to state it on paper or other-
wise; but it has not been stated.
_ Mr. President, I will not prolong this discus-
sion. In my desultory way I have said all, and
more than all that I intended to say. I am satis-
fied with having entered my protest against this
measure. If gentlemen adopt it, they must take
it with all its perils. I trust freedom will ultimately
come out of the conflict triumphantly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
had not debired or intended to trouble the Senate
with anything which I could say upon this sub-
ject, and 1 greatly prefer now that some other
gentleman should take the floor. I will yield read-
ily and cheei fully to any of the friends of this bill,
whether from the North or from the South, who
