1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
not been enlarged in quantity, but they have been
reduced in number. I say, therefore, that a cor-
responding reduction in the amount of money is
necessity, or you will appropriate a larger sum,
namely, $8,333, instead of $5,000, for extinguish-
ing the outstanding titles to each of the reserva-
tions.
Mr. OWtN. Only one has been selected.
Mr. COOPER. This is intended to apply to
all. I have no objection, if you make it $8,000.
1 only mv&n to make the amendment correspond
with itself.
Mr. Cooper's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Gwin's amend-
ment to the amendment, it was rejected.
The first clause of the amendment of the com-
mittee, as amended, was agreed to; as follows:
For deft a j mgthe expenses of continuing the removal and
fmbMt-U'itcy ol the (nduncm California to three military res-
ervations, in acroidance with the plan submitted l)y the
frjipermtciirieut ol Indian affair- oi that State, and approved
b\ ihe PieMitenl, th<* sum of,$12,=>,001) : Ptonded, The sub-
anenN cioated hy this act-hall be appointed by the super-
intendent, Mihjeet to continuation by the Secretary ot the
intent, not to exceed one lor each resetvauon,nor five in
all. Said locrvations to contain not los than five, nor
inoie than ten thousand acres: And the said superintend-
ent id authorized to apply, out of the sum hereby appropri-
ated, not cm ceding ,^2.">,000, itt the extinguishment of con-
flicting title* and t tght* t<  sa<d reserved lands, at a price not
exceeding 25 P'^ acre lor a valid and indefeasible title
to the lands so purchased : provided, The Stateof Cal-
ifornia .shall cede the ne<*es.<'iry jurisdiction in such case«,
in reference to latid> so purchased : Provided, «/$<?, That no
portion ol this amount shall be paid over to the present
superintendent of Indian atf.ins, until he shall accountcat-
istactorily inr the amount aWeady drawn by him, out of the
foimer appropuations; and that hereafter no more than
j$2U,UIK) shall he thawn by the said superintendent, or be in
Ins hands unexpended, at one and the same time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on the second clause of the amendment, to
insert:
11 For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
California, embracing expenses of travel of the supei intend -
eurand auent, &.c., .$25,000.''
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This amendment is offered
by the committee, upon the recommendation of
the Indian Department There is a similar fund
to this, ranging; from $10,000 to $15,000, for the
Territories of Washington,Oregon, New Mexico,
and Minnesota. There is a class of expenditures
in every Terntory paid out of this fund, and it is
only made a little larger here than in some others.
I think in New Mexico it is just the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 2, 1854.
The L-fouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to what I
believe to be a privileged question. The com-
mittee of conference appointed upon the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses, upon the bill
making appropriations for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point, for the year ending
June 30, 1855, have met and agreed to a ieport.
The report does not require any action upon the
part of this House, as it merely recommends that
the Senate recede from their disagreeing votes.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read, and
laid upon the table.
The repot t was then read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires tocallthe
attention of the gentleman to the condition of this
repot t, if no action is taken upon it by the House.
The Chair thinks it is usual to accept the report
of the committee of conference by a vote of the
House. It is true the committee have recom-
mended that the Senate should recede from its
disagreement to the amendment of the House, but !
the Chair thinks it should be either approved or j
disapproved. !
Mr. JONES. Perhaps that course would be j
the proper one.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the report be !
adopted. If no action is taken upon it, it will go 1
upon the Journal as unfinished business. I
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have a single remark \
to make to the House. I
Mr. BENNETT. I rise to a privileged ques- j
tion, I wish to know if the consideration of the I
bill distributing lands to the several States does
not come up as the regular business during the
morning hour, or does the territorial business take
precedence as a special order?
The SPEAKER. The special order will take
precedence.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I ask that the bill to
which I have referred may be postponed until
three weeks from to-day.
Mr. DISNEY. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to ask the unani-
mous consent to withdraw certain papers from the
files of the House, for the purpose of having them
referred at the Departments. They were sent
here, I understand, by mistake.
There was no objection, and it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw from the
files ot Ihe House the papers lelatmg to the tonnage duty
imposed upon the bark Asa. Packer^ on her trip home from
Calcutta, December, 1851.
On motion by Mr. BANKS, it was
Ordei cd, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the IJouse the papers and petition m the case of Button
Picketson, for the purpose of reference in the Senate.
THE LAND BILL.
Mr. BENNETT. I now desire to inquire of
the Chair if I have not the right to make my
motion to postpone the land bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
So long as the bill is not regularly before the
House for consideration, no motion to postpone,
nor any motion of any description for the dispo-
sition of the bill, is in order.
Mr. BENNETT. Is not the bill before the
House as the regular oider of business during the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It is not. If the House
should dispose of all the business relating to the
Territones upon the Speaker's table, and should
then refuse to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the consideration of
ten itorial business, the gentleman's lull would then
be before the House for consideration. In that
form, and in that alone, the motion to postpone
would be in order.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Am I not entitled to the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. For these privileged
motions of course I yield the floor, but not fur- j
ther. I desire to ask the Chair what bill is now
before the House for consideration ?
ROADS IN THE TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER. It is the bill entitled "An act
making appropriations for continuing the con-
struction of roads in the Territory of Minnesota,
in accordance with the estimates made by the
War Department." •
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow me the floor for a single minute.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS BILL.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I cannot give way
further. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make a state-
ment in reference to this bill which will not take
two minutes. It was the understandingexpressed
by me, and acquiesced in by the House, when I
this week was setapart for territorial business, that j
no business should come up except such as relates !
exclusively to the organized Territories. Such is 1
my desire now. But in connection with this sub- 1
ject, I wish to say a word m refeience to another j
thing. At an early day of the corning week I j
shall move to bring the bill to organize the Terri- |
tories of Nebraska and Kansas to the consider- j
ation of the House. This statements now made 1
that gentlemen may be advised we are not trying '
to steal any march on them. |
Mr. COBB. At what time next week does the !
gentleman propose to bring the subject to our ■
attention? ;
Mr. RICHARDSON. On Monday of next !
week. The friends of the bill, 1 may say further, i
intend to resort to every fair and parliamentary >
means, for the purpose of bringing the question j
to the consideration of the House, and if we fail
to bring the bill up for consideration, the Commit-
tee on Territories can report a bill for action.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will submit a single suggestion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. COX. I do not know that I ought to
claim any participation with the peculiar friend®
of this measure. Certainly I have had no intima-
tion of the intention to bring it to a vote at the-
time indicated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman misun-
derstands me. The object is not to bring n to a.
vote, but only to bring it up fov consideration.
Mr. COX. Before the Committee, ofj thes,
Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I shall move io go>mto
Committee, and lay aside all other business,.and
take up the House bill to organize the Territories.
Mr. COX. I shall agree to that most heauilyv
I know several gentlemen who desire to express
their opinions on the subject. I will say, while I.
am up, that I am most heartily a friend of
measure, and that I shall so express myself if I
get an opportunity. I have  o objec&toa to its--
being brought up for consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman seems
to be laboring under a misapprehe s?on. I desire a
discussion, a full discussion, of the bill itself- IT
we fail in that, there are other means by which,,
at the proper time, we can briag it before the
House, and have a vote on it.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That will not bedone-
until a fair opportunity for full and reasonable
discussion has been afforded to gentlemen on this
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In what way
does the gentleman propose to bring the bsfi up
for the consideration of the House?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will advise the gen-
tleman when I am ready to do so. I have now
said all that I desired. My intention was oi>iy to
give the notice which I have.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
THE STEAMSHIP CITY OF GLASGOW.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask that the resolution
which I submitted a few moments ago be read) for
the information of the House.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to send out, immediately, one or more steat&.or
sailing vessels, with three month*' provisions on hoard-of
each, together with blanket:* and clothing for four hundred
persons, to seaieh for the mis&ing steamship, City of Glas-
gow, which is supposed to have met with some accident, in
either machinery or spars, and is now among the ice, winch
has lately been in s-uch quauliUes in the north Atlanlie
ocean.
If the Secretary of the Navy has not Government vessels
at his disposal, he is hereby authorized to freight or charter
suitable vessels for the purpose, to be paid for out of aay
money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr, LETCHER. I object.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
The following bill reported yesterday, with an
amendment, from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, then came up for consid-
eration: House bill No. I(j4, 14 making further
appropriations for continuing the constiuction of
roads m the Territory of Minnesota, m accord-
ance with the estimates made by the War De-
partment. "
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the previous
question on that bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The question was first on agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out ail after the enacting clause, and
insert as follows:
That the following sums of money be, and they are
hereby, appropriated for continuing the construction of
roads in the Territory of Minnesota, to wit:
; For the continuation of the road from Point Douglas, on
! the Mississippi river, to the mouth of the St. Louis river,
: of Lake Superior, $20,01)0.
! For the continuation of the road from Point Douglas to
i Fort Gaines, now Fort Ripley, $10,«U0.
For the continuation ot the road from the mouth of Swan
; river to the Winnebago agency, §5,000.
! For the continuation of the road from Waba&haw to
i Mendota, £l.->,000.
; The continuation of the construction of said roads to be
i m.ide under the dnection of the Secretary of War, pursu-
I ant to contiact* to be made by h.m, or under his direction j
! Provided, That so much of any tormer acts as require the
I first-mentioned road to terminate at the falls or lapids of
; said St. Louis river, are hereby repealed.
I The question was put; and the amendment was
! agreed to.
