1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
all his personal relations, is one of the most esti-
mable gentlemen I ever saw. I say I should es-
teem it a proud triumph if I should be able, by
any means, to introduce a little light into his mind
—to produce some enlargement of the generous
feelings which I know he possesses on other sub-
jects. But I confess I have very little hope of
doing it- I have never known fanaticism to be
cured by violence, by denunciation, or by any
other means. It is one of those evils which, when
it fastens itself upon the mind, and heart, and con-
science, is as undying as the man himself. I have
no hope, therefore, of convincing him; but I do
hope to satisfy him of a few plain truths, the prin-
cipal of which is, that the acts of 1850 are in spirit
antagonistical to the doctrines of the act of 1820.
The compromise measures of 1850 are antago-
nistical to the act of 1820, in one great principle
at least. The acts of 1850 accord to the States
the right to settle this question under their consti-
tutions; the other puts a perpetual and never ending
interdict on slavery. Again, by the act of 1820, i
in all that portion of country lying north of 36° ,
30', slavery is prohibited forever; no enjoyment j
of equal rights by the South was ever to be ob- j
tained there The doctrine of non-intervention on |
the part of the Federal Government was notadvo- ]
cated at that time, and seemed then to find no ex-
istence in the public mind/but it pervades every
part and parcel of the wm>le series of compromise |
measures of 1850.
The Senator sayslt is a monstrous outrage that, j
after we of the South have enjoyed our share of ;
the contract, we shall now, when the time for the
North to come in for their share has arrived, step !
forward and say, "No; you cannot do it." Will
the honorable Senator tell me what the South ha ve |
got by the compromise of 1820? They got no
more than what the compromise measures of 1850
declared to be the inalienable right of the people i
in every State of the Union. The States which ,
were formed out of the Louisiana cession came in ;
with constitutions permitting slavery, which they i
had a right to do, and which the compromise |
measures of 1850 declared thai all the States have
a right to do. Not only have we not received I
more than we were entitled to, but we surrendered, j
by that act, a great deal to which we were enti- j
tied. In this vast territory, which theSenator him- ;
self says is an empire, slavery did exist, and was !
recognized by treaty previous to the act of 1820. j
We had no power to annul that treaty, and yet
the Senator taxes us with injustice for accepting a j
relinquishment on the part of the North of what ,
they had unjustly deprived us. He says it is a ,
monstrous conspiracy on our part if we accept
back the rights which were extorted from us.thiry
years ago by pretensions never founded injustice
or equity.
Mr. President, in conclusion, I say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and to all men, that I have had no
motive connected with this measure other than an
honest desire to vindicate what I believe to be the
rights and the interests of the people whom i have
the honor, in part, to represent on this floor. " 'Tis
strange, 'tis passing strange" to my mind that that
honorable Senator should expect me, or any man
representing the South, to refuse to accept an act
of justice which has been long, longdelayed. Sir,
I can tell the honorable Senator, that if the storm
which he seems to invoke does come—and it is
one which I would deprecate—if one so unworthy
as myself dare send up one political petition to
the Throne of Heaven, it would be to preserve us
from the wildness of reckless fanaticism, whether
of the North or of the South, and to preserve pure,
spotless, and untarnished, to the latest generation,
this glorious inheritance of public liberty which
we novv enjoy. .
I atn as much devoted to the Union as any
man. I have ever been devoted to it. 1 shall
continue that.devotion; but if we are to hold our
position in the Union at the expense of our rights
and of our honor, if, would he a dearly-bought
treasure. When gentlemen stand up here and
inveigh against us, and against the South, and
hold up their hands in holy wonder and astonish-
ment at this outrage which is about to be com-
muted on the North, and tell us it is treason to the
North, my thoughts run back to the days of chiv-
alry. When the gentleman spoke in such lan-
guage, I went back, m my mind, to the days of
the crusaders. I imagined that the gentleman saw
some mighty spectre—some awful, terrible thing,
coming down upon us. I thought that the hordes
of the infidels were upon us—that they were en-
tering this sacred Capitol—this holy sanctuary of
American liberty, and were about, with sacrile-
gious hands, to lay hold of the ark of our political
safety. 1 said to myself, peace, my friend, peace;
peace, be still; be not alarmed. There are no
hordes upon you. We intend to inflict no wrong
upon you. We intend to take from you no right
which you enjoy under the Constitution. All we
ask—all we expect—all we hope for is, that you
will recognize us as your equals. To ask from
us to consider ourselves as less than your equals,
would be to ask us to sign our own sign-manual
to an article acknowledging our inferiority and
our infamy. Sooner than do that, I would pray
j the God of Heaven that the earth might open and
swallow me and mine in its deepest vortex. I
have done, Mr. President.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Tennessee
propounded to ine some questions which 1 had
undertaken to answer in my previous remarks;
but he did not seem to understand the argument
which I attempted to make with regard to the pro-
hibition of slaves entering into this Territory. I
am aware that the territory was purchased by the
United States, and belonged to the Government of
the United States, and, of course, the United States
had power to do with it as they saw fit. But 1
attempt?'1, to show to the gentleman—and he did
not attempt to answer that at all—that the Con-
stitution of the United States did not compel me
to recos'iiize a title in slaves. The Constitution
always speaks of them as persons, never as prop-
erty. They are slaves by virtue of the laws of
the State or local jurisdiction where they are; and
the moment they get out of that, as I understand
the law of the land, they cease to be slaves.
Mr. r- \DGER. Unless they run away.
Mr. \/ADE. The Senator from Tennessee
says that we aim at the South particularly. Not
at all. Men in the northern States may own
slaves, if they keep them in a jurisdiction where
slavery exists. The Missouri compromise is not
aimed at the southern States, but is aimed at a
species of property which it was thought not
proper to admit within this Territory.
The gentleman asks whether a law can be passed
to prevent a man taking his property into the
Territories? Why, certainly; we havesuch laws
now. If I am a manufacturer of gunpowder, of
fire-arms, or of whisky, I cannot take it into this
j Territory under the laws as they now exist.
! Congress, therefore, does make laws prohibiting
i persons from taking certain species of property
i into the Territories. It does not make any dif-
ference whether I live in a free State or a slave
' State, 1 cannot take those articles there. So if I
j happen to own slaves, no matter whether I live in
! Ohio, or Kentucky, or Tennessee, if this compro-
', miseis to stand as a law, I cannot take them there.
1' It is not aimed invidiously at any one particular
i; State, or particular person.
I] I believe now that I have answered all the ques-
i! tions to which the gentleman wished me to give
l| an answer. 1 have given him my judgment, that
j the Constitution of the United States does not re-
|i cognize slaves as anything but persons.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the Chair.) The question before the Senate is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] which is to strike out of sec-
tion fourteen these words:
—" was superseded by the puneiples of the legislation of
1850, commonly called the compromise measures, and"—
So that the clause will read:
"That the Constitution and laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
force and effect within the said Toriitory of Nebraska as
elsewhere within the United States, c.\cept the Sih section
of an act prcnaratory to the admission of Missouri into the
lTmon. approved March 20, 1820, which is hereby declared
inoperative."
Mr. DAWSON called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I did not understand the amend-
ment distinctly. I wish to know- how the clause
will stand with this amendment?
Mr. WALKER. It will then stand as a simple
repeal of the act of 1820, without the recital that
it has been superseded by the compromise meas-
ures of 1850.
Mr. BADGER. It is a repeal without a reason.
That is all.
The question being taken, upon the amendment
-yeas 13, nays 30, as
by yeas and nays, resulted-
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Cass, Chase, Everett, Fish, Foot,
Hamlin, Seward, Smith, Stuart, Sumner, Wade,and Walk-
er—13. .
NAYS.—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard,
Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Dawson,
Dixon, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Ni>r-
ris. Peuit, Sebastian, Shields, Slidell, Thompson of Ken
tucky, Toucey, Weller, and Williams—30.
Mr. WADE. I now move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and to insert, as a substi-
tute, the bill which was passed by the House at
the last session; and on this amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The question now pending is
upon the substitute offered by the committee. 11
is not in order to move to amend one substitute by
inserting another in its place.
Mr. BADGER. The question before the Sen-
ate is on the substitute reported by the Senator
from Illinois from the Committee on Territories,
as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair is aware of that fact, from the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Illinois. TheChair was
treating it as an original bill; but the question is
still pending upon an amendment, in the form of a
substitute for the original bill, reported by the
Committee on Territories. That substitute, how-
i ever, is open to amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly; that is correct.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thequestion on theadoption
of my substitute will raise the very point involved
in the proposition of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On that
ground, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio, in the judgment of the Chair, is not in
[ order as a substitute for the substitute which is
! now pending. Upon the rejection of that substi-
; lute, another might be offered; but the very ques-
tion now pending is on agreeing to the substitute
reported by the Committee on Territories for the
original bill.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have been necessarily ab-
sent from the Senate during the earlier part of the
day, and therefore 1 desire to know whether any
amendment has been made this morning in the
substitute reported by the Senator from Illinois
from the Committee on Territories.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
can inform the Senator from North Carolina that
no amendment has been proposed, and therefore
none has been voted upon except the one offered
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] which
has just been rejected by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Chair whether,
in the event that the substitute now pending
shall be voted into the original bill, it will then be
open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Most clearly
not, in the judgment of the Chair.
! Mr. PETT1T. Then it must be subject to
i amendment now,
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whatever
i amendment is to be offered to a substitute, must
i be incorporated into it before its adoption as a
i substitute.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 will now move an
| amendment to the same clause to which the Sena-
' tor from Ohio moved his. I move to strike out the
\ words " which was superseded by,''and to insert
: in their place "which is inconsistent with."
j The clause will then provide that the Constitution
! and laws not locally inapplicable shall have the
same force in the Territory as elsewhere, except
i the 8th section of the Missouri act, " which is m-
i consistent with the principles of the legislation of
' 1850, commonly called the compromise measures,
and is hereby declared inoperative. This is the
express idea conveyed by the original words, but
I prefer to make it plainer.
Mr CASS. Mr. President, I am glad that the
I honorable Senator from Illinois has moved this
' amendment, because it will enable me to explain
I my position. I voted for the amendment of the
' Senator from Ohio, and against the clause in the
: bill as it now stands. I shall vote for the amend-
I ment of the Senator from Illinois, because it con-
' veys my idea; but the present language of the
clause does not. The clause, as it now stands.
