844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
asserts thattheprinciples of the compromiserneas-
ures of 1850 superseded the compromise of 1820,
and is therefore inoperative. Now, I consider this
an entire logical fallacy, and I have so explained
to the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las.] The principle of the compromise of 1850
does not supersede the compromise of 1820. It is
not superseded at all, as a legal question. The ac-
tion of Congress is required before it can be super-
seded. If a principle lsestablished alaw to-day—
to wit: that whites shall vote in a Territory, and
you establish the principle to-morrow that blacks
shall vote in another Territory, you furnish a mo-
tive for the legislation, on the ground of wisdom
and consistency, to adhere to it and carry out
your principle; but you do not supersede the other;
there is no superseding about it. Therefore, I
wished to put out of the clause the provision say-
ing that the principles of the compromise meas-
ures of 1850 superseded the compromise of 1820.
Now, the honorable Senator has put it upon such
grounds that I can support it. I do believe that
the principle of the compromise measures of 3850
is inconsistent with the continuance of the com-
promiseof 1820; but I could not vote for the other
declaration, for the simple reason which I men-
tioned; that it led, in my mind, to a logical fallacy.
To express my idea in a word, T would prefer that
the Senator should say, in express terms, that the
compromise of 1820 is declared null and void.
That would be plain and unequivocal.
Mr. BADGER. It seems to me that there is
some logical inaccuracy in the position of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan. Ht admits, if I
understand him aright, that the legislation of
1850 was inconsistent with the Missouri compro-
mise of 1820. If inconsistent with it, it certainly
supersedes it; yet he says he is unwilling to vote
for the declaration that it supersedes it, but he is
willing to vote for a declaration that it is incon-
sistent with it.
Mr. CASS. I do not consider it as any logical
error on my part, for this simple reason: The
former act is not superseded at all, but is incon-
sistent with the latter, and the principle of the
latter act now requires that the Legislature should
carry out its latest action and be consistent.
Nothing is superseded until there is some action
by the Legislature. legislative action is wanted,
and the principles of the action of 1850 furnish
the motive.
Mr. BADGER. Why, Mr. President, either
the legislation of 1850 is consistent with the legis-
lation of 1820, or it is not. If it is consistent with
it, then it has no effect upon it. If the latter is
inconsistent with the former,then the latter, being
the latest act of legislation, succeeds the former,
and overrides and annuls it. 1 do not mention this
in any disposition to raisea question of this nature,
but I would suggest to the Senator from Illinois,
whether it would not be better for him to select
some term which is free from the objections to
either of these. Let him say the act of 1820 was
inappropriate to, or unnecessary, after the legisla-
tion of 1850. Would it not be better to use some
term of that kind?
Mr. CASS. 1 must confess, without recurring
to that subject at all, that I had rather say at once
that the compromise of 1820 is unconstitutional.
Mr. BADGER. That is another question.
Mr. CASS. I believe it is.
Mr. BADGER. I do not.
Mr. CASS. I always have believed so; and
therefore 1 think it better to say*so, if we believe
so, and I desire upon my vote to say so. I can
vote for the amendment now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois without any difficulty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We see that the difference
here is only a d inference as to the appropi iate word
to be used. We all agree in the principle which
we propose now to establish. As this is a very
delicate question, and as it is important to ascer-
tain which is the exact and appropriate word, and
as either of the phrases now suggested does not
exactly suit my iden, I wish to take a little time to
consult as to which word best suits the members
of the Senate, to carry out the idea which we are
intending to put into practical operation by this
bill. If any one is ready to address the Senate
to-morrow, he can now obtain the floor; other-
wise I shall move that the Senate adjourn, with a
view of proceeding to vote to-tuorrow morning
upon this question; but I shall myself respond to
such attacks as have been made upon the bill. If
any other gentleman proposes to take the floor, I
prefer that he should do so now, in order that we
may know who is entitled to it in the morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that he should postpone his
motion to adjourn until we can take up, by general
consent, a bill of the Senate which has come back
from the House, in relation to the mode of paying
the members of the Senate. I ask the general con-
sent of the Senate to take up that bill now.
Mr. BADGER. Let it stand until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
the unanimous consent to proceed with that bill at
this time.
Mr. WALKER. For the purpose mentioned
by the Senator from Virginia, I move to postpone
the further consideration of the hill until to-mor-
row. It will then come up at one o'clock as the
special order.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say, before the
question is taken upon that motion, in reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, that it
shall be with the understanding that the question
on the passage of the bill shall be taken to-mor-
row, that whatever other gentlemen may do, I
shall desire to make some remarks upon the sub-
ject under consideration.
Mr. STUART. 1 will ask the leave of the
Senate to make a remark—not that 1 am not sat-
isfied with the vote which I have given, because I
always intend to vote so that it shall not need ex-
planation; but as it has been suggested that there
is no difference between declaring that the legisla-
tion of 1850 is inconsistent with the legislation of
1820 upon this subject, and in declaring that that
of 1850 supeiseded that of 1820, I wish to sug-
gest a difference which I think most clearly exists.
The compromise of 1820 was in reference to all
the territory received under a particular authority,
lying north of 360 30'. Now that legislation can-
not be superseded by any other legislation that
does not refer to the very same subject—that pre-
cise territory. But in principle, the legislation of
1850 may be inconsistent with it. That is to say,
the compromise measures of 1850 are generally
understood to leave the question of local legislation
to the people occupying the Territory. In another
respect that legislation declares that States, when
formed out of the territories therein legislated upon,
may come into this Union with orwithoutslavery,
as the people forming the constitution may wish
and declare. In principle, therefore, this is differ-
ent legislation from that which excludes, by an
act of Congess, slavery north of a certain line of
latitude; but it no more supersedes it than Con-
gress would supersede a law passed for the State
of Ohio, by passing another different in principle
for the State of North Carolina. The words are
different. The meaning is different. To super-
sede an act is to render it inoperative—to substi-
tute something else in its stead, acting upon the
same subject, and not upon a subject that is entirely
different.
All I have now intended to do is simply to fur-
nish a reason for the vote I have given; and that I
should not have done, if reasons had not been as-
signed elsewhere, and a commentary been made
upon them by, the honorable Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not deem it very im-
portant to continue the discussion on this point,
after the notice which I have given, that I shall
modify the words so as to meet the objection that
Senators make as to the meaning of the words
" superseded by" and " inconsistent with." I
think the Senator from North Carolina has made
that point so clear as to render it unnecessary to
say much upon the subject. The whole argument
on this point rests on this mistake: It is supposed
that we contend that the Missouri compromise
was superseded by the enactment of theacts of1850.
I say it was supeiseded by the principles of those
acts. How? The compromise of 1820 rested on
the principle of a geographical line, north of which
there was to be no slavery, and south of it there
might be. The compromise of 1850 obliterated
the line, and rested upon the principle that the peo-
ple should do as they pleased on both sides of the
line, and come in the Union with or without sla-
very, as they pleased. It was on that idea that a
principle was substituted for a geographical line.
If it was, I supposed it should be declared; and it
was to obviate any technical exception upon that
word—I think it is an appropriate one—that I pro-
pose to modify it, in order to make it clear what
we do mean—that is, that in all territorial organ-
izations hereafter we shall organize them on the
principle that the people are to do as they please,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States. I can prepare an amendment that will ex-
press that idea so clearly that our friends will all
be satisfied.
Mr. CASS. I will read from the Dictionary:
"Supersede. [Sujw and sedeo, to se£.] Literally, to
set above; hence to make void, inefficacious, or useless, by
n superior power, by coming in place of; tu sei aside; to
render unnecessary ; to suspend."
I take it the act of superseding does itself de-
stroy something else. Therefore I repeat to my hon-
orable friends from North Carolina and Illinois,
that the establishment of a principle, as my col-
league has said, on one subject, does not super-
sede an existing one on anoiher.
Mr. BADGER. I think it is impossible for
my excellent friend from Michigan, even with the
assistance of his colleague, and the Dictionary
thrown in, to sustain his position. Either these laws
relate to the same subject, or they do not. If they
do,the maxim of law is clear and unmistakable that
a subsequent law, inconsistent with prior laws,
repeals them. That is clear beyond all dispute;
and if they do not relate to the same subject, then
the latter neither supersedes nor is inconsistent
with the former. Ther'e may be a propriety in
making a new law to confajm, in relation to one
subject, to what has been dec^ired by another law
in relation to another subject. But the very mo-
ment you introduce a provision in which either
the law or the doctrine of the law passed to-day
is inconsistent with the law or the doctrine of the
law passed yesterday, the later law necessarily
supersedes the one passed previously. Of that I
think there can be no question.
Mr. CASS. I cannot let the honorable Senator
off yet. I deny in toio his assumption.
Mr. BADGER. You are mistaken; you are to
get off. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. To illustrate the matter by a given
case, I say if you pass a law, and establish a Ter-
ritory to-day where blacks are to vote, and a law
existed yesterday that whites only should vote
in other territories, the principle black to-day does
not supersede the principle white of yesterday,
without positive legislation.
Mr. BADGER. That is clear enough, if they
are not inconsistent; if inconsistent it does.
Mr. CASS. What makes any principle incon-
sistent, but the application of a different one by
the Legislature? and that would be a ground for
appealing to the consistency of the Legislature to
establish a new law. All that I maintain is, that
the principle established by one law cannot annul
the positive enactments of a former law. If, in
this case, the former is in fact superseded by the
latter, what is the use of declaring the former in-
operative? If it is superseded and rendered inop-
erative, why do you not stop there?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
put on the motion to postpone.
Mr. BADGER I hope mv friend will not en-
deavor to supersede us. [Laughter.] Let us under-
stand what the motion is first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow. •
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Michigan has
suggested that he will not let me off. Why, he has
entirely mistaken this question. It was a ques on
whether 1 would let him off [laughter] for aer-
ring that he would vote against one amendment,
and for another upon a distinction that involved no
sort of difference. That is the point of the matter.
.Mr. BUTLER. Where is Crabbe's Syno-
nymes? That may settle the matter.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to say to the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina that I hope
he will not speak of me as coming to the aid of
my distinguished colleague.
Mr. BADGER. I thought you did; and I
thought he needed it.
Mr. STUART. I am inclined to think that
the country is of opinion that he does not need
any assistance from anybody, and especially not
from me. Nor, sir, am I disposed to undertake a
system of tactics that shall change the issue. I
rose on my own account, not to aid my colleague.
The issue is the one which 1 stated—whether the
legislation of 1820 is " superseded," to take the
