1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
think the objections taken by the honorable Sen-
ator are without foundation.
Mr. MASON. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow,
in order to proceed to the consideration of Exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
While the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill was under discussion, a further message was
received from the House of Representatives, by-
Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announcing that they
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
lions, in which they asked the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill for the relief of W.D, Porter, of the
United States Navy.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Bellinger's heirs.
A bill for the relief of Brigadier General John j
E. Wool.
A bill for the relief of J. C. Buckles, of Louis !
ville, Kentucky. !
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and 1
Walter H. Finnall. I
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant George H.
Paige, of the United States Army. i
A j oint resolution for the relief of Brevet Cap- j
tain J. H. Lendruui, United States Army. i
A bill to provide a pension for Oliver Brown, of 1
Chemung county, New York.
A bill to provide a pension for Edmund Mitch- I
ell, of Carroll county, in the State of Kentucky. 1
A bill for the relief of James Butler. '
A bill for the relief of John H. Hicks, of In- |
(liana. J
A bill for the relief of John Brown, second, of j
New Hampshire.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Anna W. Angus, ;
widow of the late Captain Angus, United States J
Navy. |
A bill for the relief of Betsey Nash. ]
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ellis.
A bill for the relief of Charlotte S. WestroU.
A joint resolution for the settlement of the claim i
of Don Juan Jesus Vigil, of New Mexico. ,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin Smith, i
A bill for the relief of George Mattingly. j
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Reddiclt,
administrator of Richard Taylor, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John McVea and John
V. McKneely, of Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of William Currtui.
A bill for the relief of Enoch S. More.
A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass.
A bill for the relief of Rosalie CaxiUo.
A bill for the relief of A. S. Laughery.
A bill for the relief of William J. McElhiny,
E. P. Mathews, and Lawrence Cribben.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Bronaugh,
A bill for the relief of Anna E. Cook.
A bill for the relief of Abraham Ausman.
A bill for the relief of Titian R. Peale.
A bill for the relief of Sylvester Humphrey and
the heirs of Alexander Humphrey, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Robert F. McGuire and
Louisa, his wife, late Louisa Lamy.
A bill for the relief of Charles H, Wilgus.
A bill for the relief of William A. Duer, John
Duer, and Beverly Robinson, trustees of the estate
of Sarah Alexander, widow of Major General
William Alexander, commonly known as Lord
Stirling.
A bill foi the relief of the legal representatives
of John Rice Jones.
A bill for the relief of William Hawkins.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Francis Ware.
A bill for the relief of James Capet). \
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby i
Jones, surety for a former postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia.
A bill for the relief of .lames W right, jr , of the 1
State of Tennessee.
A bill for the relief of Jacob McLellan. |
A bill for the relief of Charles J. Davis, ad- :
ministrator of Captain John Davis, an officer in 1
the war of the Revolution.
A bill for the relief of William H. Weirick.
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Baggerly, widow j
of David Baggerly, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the civil township of t
Marion, in the county of Mercer, Ohio. '
A bill for the relief of the inhabitants of town-1
ship forty-five, range one, in Warren county,
Missouri.
A bill for the relief of the Pine Grove Academy,
in Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis E.
Simonds.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Morse, of Essex,
county of Chittenden, State of Vermont.
A bill for the relief of Ira Call, of Huron county,
Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of Put-
nam county, Indiana.
A bill for the relief of John Frazer and the ad-
ministrator of the estate of John G. Clendenin,
deceased.
A bill for the relief of Mary H. Cushing.
A bill vesting the title of the United States to
certain land in the city of Cincinnati.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Everard Meade.
Also, that they had passed a bill from the Senate
to incorporate the proprietors of the Glenwood
Cemetery.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed an act making appro-
priations for fortifications, and other works of de-
fense, and for repairs of barracks and quarters, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, m which
they requested the concurrence of the Senate.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
The message also announced that the House had
agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United Stales for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1855.
GLENWOOD CEMETERY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before the
Senator from Virginia submits his motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business,
the Chair will suggest that there are certain bills
which have been returned from the House with
amendments, and which might now be acted upon.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the amendment of the House to the bill of the
Senate to incorporate the proprietors of Glenwood
Cemetery.
The amendment was to add the following:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of the
stockholders in said company shall be held liable m hi« or
her individual capacity lor all the debts and liabilities of
said company, however contracted or incurred, to be re-
covered by suit as oilier debt^ or liabilities before the court
or tribunal having jurisdiction of thp case.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was concurred
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate u au-
thorizing the extension of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad into the District of Colum-
bia."
The first amendment was to insert in the first \
section authorizing the extension of the road j
through such streets or avenues of Washington i
and Georgetown as the corporate authorities may I
approve, the words " except the Pennsylvania I
avenue." j
The next was to add, as an additional section, j
the following: j
Skc. 1. Jlnd he it furtho cnutJt'df That the B.tlumoi e ,
and Ohio Railroad Company be, and it hereby, authorized i
to constiuctand extend the Washington branch ot *aul :
road aecoidma? to >uclt route as may be mo<-t eunvemen? '
through the s-anl ihstiiet, to fomo point on the Potomac !
nvcr, oppoMtr to, and near the city of Alexandrifi.it) Vn*- :
gfnia, lor the purpoj-e of iorniing a connection with said :
rivei, and theJniex of railroad running south, subject to the
provision^ of its present charter; and the said company are
hereby authorized to locate, construct, and operate the
said extensions hereby authorized through such parts of
the city of Washington or public reseivations as, the cor-
porate authorities thereof, or the President of ihe United j
States, may consent to; and also to build a bridge or bridges '
over the eastern branch of the Potomac river, at some point
i above the navy-yard: Provided, houever, That the same
I shall not obstruct the navigation thereof, and said company
shall have power to locate and establish a depot, and erect
the necessary buildings thereon, and also to eject such
wharves and piers into said river as may be nece^afy :
Provided, The same shall not obstruct the navigation
thereof: Provided jurtker, That the said Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company be subject to the same conditions
and restrictions in extending their road through any part of
the city of Washington as are prescribed for the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company.
The title was also amended, so as to read:
An act authorizing the extension of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad into the District
of Columbia, and conferring certain privileges on
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company.
Mr. WALKER. One of thosfe amendments is
somewhat lengthy. 1 move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT subsequently said: I suggest to*
the Senator from Wisconsin that there is no ne-
cessity for the reference of the bill. Let it lie on
the table, and be called up at some other time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such is the
understanding of the Senate, the order for its ref-
erence will be withdrawn, and the bill will lie upon
the table.
WILLIAM SENNA FACTOR.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate for
the relief of William Senna Factor.
The first amendment was to strike out '* $3,707 "
as the amount to be appropriated by the bill, and
insert " $2,000," and to add the following:
Provided, That' said sum shall be received in full of all
claims on account ^phe property heiein mentioned.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the amend-
ments were concurred in.
JOSEPH WATSON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate for
the relief of the representatives of Joseph Watson,
deceased.
The amendment was to strike out the words
" Indian agent," and insert " secretary of the In-
dian department and store-keeper," denoting the
position held by Mr. Watson while in the dis-
charge of his duties.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire if there is
any such officer as " superintendent of the Indian
department."
Mr. ADAMS. There was at that time.
Mr. WALKER. Then it is to conform to the
law at that time?
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir. 1 move that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
A. C. \V. FANNING.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate for the
relief of the executrix of the late Brevet-Colonel
A. C. W. Panning, of the United States Army.
The amendment was to strike out " $7,230," and
insert u #f>,980," as the amount to be appropri-
ated; and to strike out the words "as commis-
sions for disbursements made by him in 1827 and
1828, at the United Sijtp." rrsenal in Augusta,
Georgia."
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the amendment
was concurred in.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE REPORT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institute, transmitting the annua) report of the
Board of Regents.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RUSK. 1 move that ten thousand addi-
tional copies be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
goes to the Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
re-opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 25, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen as member? of the committee to inquire
into any alterations or mutilations which may
have been made in bills of the House after their
passage:
Mr, Washburne, of Illinois; Mr. Breckin-
ridge, of Kentucky; Mr. Campbell, of Ohio;
Mr. Barry, of Mississippi; and Mr. Davis, of
Indiana,
