1854.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, &c., to the same
extent as are provided for similar officers in Cali-
fornia. And after all these things are supplied,
there is a compensation, as the gentleman says,
of $4,500. Now, sir, I submit to the committee,
that with all these incidental expenses allowed,
$4,500 is too large a salary for California: and if
too much for California, it is too much for New
Mexico. The gentleman from New York pro-
poses to give §3,000 and all these allowances. I
suggest that he should reduce it to §2,500.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman make
that motion as an amendment?
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 offer it as a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DISNEY. I simply desire to remind the
House, by way o^answer to the remarks which
have just fallen from the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that these items of allowance do not go
into the pocket of the surveyor general. They
are matters of expenditure appertaining to his
office; and no matter what the amount may be,
whether more or less, they do not, in any part,
inure to his individual advantage, as I remarked
when I spoke before. The allowance for clerk
hire is some §11,000 per annum. The allowance
for fuel and other incidental expenses is set down
at §10,000 more; but when the gentleman speaks
of these incidental expenses as if they inured to
the personal benefit of the surveyor general, and
increased his compensation, I think he takes an
entirely erroneous view of the matter..
The CHAIRMAN. If thegentleman will allow
the Chair to interrupt him, he will state that the
question now pending before the committee is
upon the amendmentof the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to strike out $3,000 and to insert §2,500.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 was aware of that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thought the
gentleman's remarks were to another point.
Mr. DISNEY. No, sir; I was aware of the
amendment pending, and I desire to speak to that
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. At this precise point I desire
to say a single word to the gentleman from Ohio.
The allowances which the gentleman has read
were under the law as it originally passed. Since
that time, however, by the law, that amount has
been changed. The law of March, 1853, appro-
priating §11,000; the estimates for the next fiscal
year is §14,000; and this is the amount upon which
the gentleman should base his estimates. I doubt,
however, exceedingly whether he has furnished
the proper construction of that branch of the law.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 do not know to what the
gentleman alludes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will explain. This bill pro-
poses, if I understand it, that the surveyor general
of New Mexico shall have the same power and
authority, and the same compensation, as the sur-
veyor general of California. It also proposes that
he shall receive the same allowance for clerk hire.
Now, I suppose the intention of the bill is to give
to each clerk employed the same amount of com-
pensation The law, however, adds a provision
that the salary of no clerk shall be more than
§2,500. Now, it strikes me that this bill does not
make any direct appropriation for that purpose;
if it does, it is exceedingly objectionable in that
respect.
If we are to construe this bill as the gentleman
from Ohio seems to think it should beconstrued, it
will make a continuing permanent appropriation.
If this construction be placed upon it, and the pro-
vision be adopted, and hereafter you should find
good reasons for increasing the allowance for these
expenses to §20,000 or §30,000 for California, the
very fact of making this increase would, without
any further legislation, carry a like increase for
the surveyor general of New Mexico.
I say, then, that if this be the proper construc-
tion, the bill is liable to the objection of making a
permanent and indefinite appropriation, and will
becomean expenditure which will not be estimated
for by the Departments, and of which Congress will
never know anything, unless it be by computing the
amount by that allowed to the surveyor general m
California". I shall propose, at the proper time, to
strikeout that clause which makes provision for
clerk hire, office rent, fuel, &c., so as to obviate
this difficulty, and to have the proper allowance
made as such allowances are made to any other
Territory.
Now, sir, one word more. If the arguments of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Taylor,]
and of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] be conclusive upon the points to which they
were directed, they will also apply with equal
force to allowances for clerk hire, office rent, fuel,
&c.; and if these arguments are correct, then the
surveyor general of New Mexico is not entitled
to a compensation of §4,500, nor should clerk hire
and other incidental expenses be so high.
I agree with the gentleman from New York,
that it is not true that office rent and clerk hire
need be as high in New Mexico as they are in
California; but if they are, then both should re-
ceive the same consideration, and should receive
the same appropriation.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 cannot agree with the gentle-
man from Alabama. He talks about the con-
struction which I seem to give the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will ask the gentleman a
question that will settle the point between us.
Does the gentleman construe this to make a per-
manent appropriation for the expenditures under
the head of clerk hire?
Mr. DISNEY. Why, a law making allowances
is not an appropriation. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means gets up here, and
asks me whether a bill making allowances fur a
definite sum is not an appropriation ? Why, sir,
an appropriation is an entirely different thing. It
is consecrating and setting apart of a particular
amount in the Treasury to be applied to a par-
ticular purpose. A thousand statutes making al-
lowances do not make one appropriation. Pass
one hundred such bills as the one now pending
before the committee, and yet no appropriation
would be made. What, then, does the gentleman
from Alabama mean by talking about what will
be requiied by this appropriation? Does not the
law in reference to the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia make the same allowance? Is not the same
officer allowed a particular sum ? Does that obvi-
ate the necessity of making appropriations subse-
quently, during each and every succeeding year?
Unquestionably not. I again ask, then, what does
thegentleman mean? None can differ about the
matter; and if the gentleman had read the law a
little more carefully, he would have perceived that,
while the allowance is made of §1,000 for the pur-
pose of defraying the expenses of clerk hire, it
goes on to s«" or so much thereof as may be
[ necessary." It recites the sum to be fixed in each
I and every year by appropriation.
Well, sir, look for one moment at the enor-
mous amount of labor to be imposed on this officer
in the Territory of New Mexico, in addition to
that imposed on the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia. He is required by the bill to bean active
commissioner in regard to the land titles in New
Mexico. He is required to take depositions, to
take testimony, and to set in judgment on these
cases—not finally, to be sure; but he is to be
charged with all the duties of a land commissioner
in addition to the general duties which will de-
volve on him as surveyor general of that land
district.
I come again and say that 1 am perfectly satis-
fied, from all the information which I could get
in relation to it, that the expenses of every sort in
the Territory of New Mexico are quite as high
as they are in the State of California. Why, sir,
look at the condition of that country, removed a
thousand miles in the interior beyond all your
settlements, with no means of communication
with the Atlantic settlements and possessions.
Every article carried there is attended with enor-
mous cost for transportation. Let the gentleman
from Alabama look at the charges to which the
Government is now subject to for supplies there.
Let him look at what we have to pay for the sup-
port of our Army in New Mexico, and he will be
enabled to form some accurate idea of the actual
expenditures necessary in order to support the
officers of Government.
The whole point turns on the fact whether the
expenses necessary to support the individual in
the Territory of New Mexico are as great as they
are in the State of California. And, in regard to
that point, all I have to say is to repeat what I
have already said. I have looked into the matter,
and am satisfied that the cost is as great. Now,
gentlemen may state here otherwise, without
having looked into it. They may vaguely enter-
tain an idea that the case is different; but I under-
take to say that, if you reduce the salary down to
§2,000, or §2,500, per year, no man can be had
to hold the office. You may as well strike:it but
altogether. ) say again, that the .whole point of
this case turns on the expenses of living,ill that
Territory; and that fact alone should determine
the amount to be allowed. I have been satisfi&l
that the expenses necessarily existing there require
the amounts provided for by this bill; and hence,
the bill declares, in general terms, that the allaw-
ance for clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and the com-
pensation of the officer himself, shall be the same
as that allowed in California.
But the gentleman front Alabama speaks of this
as a permanent appropriation. It is no such thing.
It is an allowance fixed by law, or so much thereof
as may be found necessary, in each and every
year, to be appropriated for by a specific act at
the time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Dismey.] 1 did not propose to take part in this
debate. I only intended to furnish some facts f<yr
the gentleman from Ohio, who, although he framed
the bill, and fixed the compensation*of this offi-
cer the same as that of the surveyor general of
California, seemed not to be able to answer the
question when it was put to him, what the surveyor
in California gets. And yet he seems astonished
that everybody else does not know everything
about the matter.
Mr. DISNEY (interrupting) here made a re-
mark which the reporter could not hear.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman, I think, is
mistaken again. He says the language of his bill
is similar to the language of the law in relation
to California. I do not understand it so, and
the committee cannot understand it so. The
law in relation to California gives the surveyor
general a salary of §4,500, and then it provides
that there shall be allowed for clerk hire in the
office of the surveyor general the sum of §11,000
or no much thereof as may be necessary ; pro-
vided, that the salary of no clerk shall exceed
the sum of §2,500 per annum; and for office
rent, fuel, and other incidental expenses of his
office, such sum as shall be found necessary by
the Secretary of the Interior, not exceeding the
sum of §11,000. Now that language of the law
specifies the salaries of thesurveyorand his clerks,
and then it makes it the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior—to do what? Why, to report the
amounts that may be necessary for rent, fuel, and
other incidental expenses of the surveyor's office.
But such is not the language here. The effect of
the language used here is to provide that whatever
is allowed m California shall be allowed in New
Mexico.
Mr DISNEY. Exactly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman assents.
Now, suppose it should tnrn out that the expenses
in California, in the possibility of events, should
become double what they are in New Mexico;
under this law, we must still continue to pay the
same in New Mexico as we pay in California.
A friend near me suggests that this bill is loosely
drawn. It occurs to me that it is very strangely
drawn. Look at this phraseology: " He shall
have the same power and authorityj"&c. Now,
what power and authority is meant there ? Why,
the same power and authority that the surveyor
genera) m California has. And when you look to
the law in relation to California, what does it say?
Why, that the surveyor general of California
shall have the same power and authority as the
surveyor general of some other Territory has.
These continued references from one law to an-
other make it almost impossible for any gentleman
to trace out what the power and authority are.
Well, sir, the gentleman asks me if I want a spe-
cific enumeration of the powers of the surveyor
general. It seems to me that it is the duty of a
committee of this House to give us in the bill the
specific powers and duti$| or to be able to tell us
what the general reference means and includes. A
committee of this House that has examined this
matter, as I am sure the Committee on Public
Lands has done, should never be at a loss to tell
us what the bill means, and what it does cover.
Now, I differ with the gentleman again about
another thing. He says that this is not an appro-
priation of money, but that an appropriation of
money is where you set apart a certain sum for
a specific purpose. Thegentleman nods assent to
