1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
Senator's own words, or rendered inoperative on
account of the legislation of 1850. And now, sir,
to test the sincerity of the Senator's statement—I
do not mean the sincerity in his mind, as a moral
assertion, but as a legal assertion—let us, if that
be so, strike the provision out of the bill, and see
■whether it will be decided by the adjudication of
the courts of the country that the general legisla-
tion of 1S50 repeals or annuls, to use the Senator's
words, the legislation of 1820. We will meet
him there—or i will; I speak for myself. I will
meet him there, and with perfect contentment.
1 ask the Senator, as a lawyer, distinguished as
he is, if a client were to apply to him asking the
the question, whether since the legislation of 1850,
in his opinion, he could safely hold his slaves in
the Territory of Nebraska in defiance of the law
of 1820, he would advise him that he could ? The
Senator will understand me, not taking anything
into consideration other than the legislation of
1850, the naked question is presented to him:
" Do the compromise measures of 1850, by their
effect, so modify the law of 1820 that I can hold
my property in slaves within the Territory of Ne-
braska? " Would the Senator give that opinion ?
If so, lam mistaken, entirely mistaken,in saying
that there is any difference between using the lan-
guage that the ligislation of 1850 supersedes that
of 1820, and using the other language that it is
inconsistent in principle with it. My idea is, that
that of 1820 is applied to one subject, that of 1850
to another subject, to wit, other territories.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator has himself entirely shifted the issue. I
have expressed no opinion whether the legislations
of the two periods are inconsistent with each other,
or whether the latter supersedes the former or
not I have said nothing upon the subject; there-
fore the case which is put to me does not affect
my position at all. My position is this: If the
legislation of one period applied to one subject,
and the legislation of another period applied to
another subject, then there can be neither incon-
sistency nor supersession. If they apply to the
same subject, then if there be inconsistency, there
is supersession.
Mr. STUART. No doubt ofit.
Mr. BADGER. Therefore I said that my
honorable friend from Michigan—if he will allow
me to call him so—who is willing to vote for a
prohibition declaring them to be inconsistent, and
not for a provision declaring the one to supersede
the other, made a mistake; but whether there is
any inconsistency, or whether the one supersedes
the other or not, 1 have yet given no opinion, and
do not now mean to give any, because it is not
involved in the question.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow was agreed to.
SENATE CONTINGENT FUND.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
from the House announcing that they had re-
ceded from their 1st, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 7th amend-
ments; agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
their 6th amendment, and insisted upon their 2d
amendment to the bill " to regulate the disburse-
ment of the contingent fund of the Senate, and for
other purnoses "
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate recede
from its disagreement to the amendment on which
the House insists.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to know, before we
vote on that question, what we are to recede from.
Will the Senator explain it?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 propose to recede from our
disagreement to the amendment striking out the
$1,000 compensation to the Secretary of the
Senate. , „ ^ t
Mr. BADGER. Shall we recede from that? 1
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 6, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, con-
taining a copy of a letter addressed to the Depart-
ment by the Hon. John W. Davis, Governor of
Oregon Territory, a(id the papers therein referred
to: the object of it being to obtain from Congress
a further appropriation to defray expenses incurred
in the prosecution of the Cayuse war, in the years
1847 and 1848, prior to the organization of a ter-
ritorial government. Also, a communication of
the Comptroller of the Treasury, to whom those
papers had been referred for examination, em-
bracing a statement of appropriations and pay-
ments made on account of said expenses.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON.it was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked and ob-
tained the unanimous consent of the House to
introduce a resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to communicate to the House, if he deems it not
incompatible with the public interest, all the official cor-
respondence of Hon. Humphrey Marshall, iate Commis-
sioner to China, with the State Department.
SAFETY OF THE UNITED STATES MAILS.
The SPEAKER. The first business before
the body is a motion to reconsider a vote by
which the bill, which will be read by the Clerk,
was committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
"A bill to secure the safe transmission of the
United States mails upon railroads."
Mr. HOUSTON. My object in rising is to
ask the House this morning to take up the bill of
the Senate in relation to their pay and mileage,
and dispose of it in some way or other. There is
only a very simple point of difference pending be-
tween the two Houses, the consideration of which,
I am sure, will not consume five minutes.
Mr. OLDS. 1 ask that the bill in relation to
the mails go over for the present, by unanimous
consent.
No objection being made/the bill was laid aside
for the present. M
CONTINGENT FUND OF THE SENATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask the House to take
up the bill to which I referred.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
bill will be taken up. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the Clerk will report the bill.
The title of the bill was then read by the Clerk,
as follows:
"An act to regulate the disbursement of the
contingent fund of the Senate, and for other pur-
poses."
[A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House that they had passed House
bill for the relief of William Blake; that they had
also passed sundry other bills, and requesting the
concurrence of the House therein.]
The SPEAKER. The amendments proposed
by the Senate to the bill now before the House
will be read by the Clerk.
The firstamendment was then read, as follows:
Resolve), That the Senate disagree, to all the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the foregoing
bill, except the sixth amendment, and assree to the said
MUh amendment, so far as to strike out all after the enact
ing elau-e of the third section, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
"That It .-hall be the duty of the said Secretary of the
Senate to deposit the moneys aforesaid, which may come
into his hands, with the depositary which may be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury for other disbursing offi-
cers 111 the city of Washington, and all payments on account
ol the pay and mileage of members of the Senate, and all
payments of their officers, and for the contingent expenses
of the Senate, shall be by drafts drawn by the Secretary on
said depositary."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. There is no neces-
sity, I suppose, to refer this bill. When it came
originally from the Senate there were three features
which were unacceptable to the House. One of
them made the Secretary of the Senate the dis-
i bursing officer in regard to the contingent fund of
the Senate, and fixed his compensation over and
I above his salary as Clerk at §1,000 a year.
! The second feature provided that when the
[ vouchers of the Secretary of the Senate for dis-
i bursing the contingent fund had been passed by
: t,he Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
I Expenses of the Senate, they should be conclusive
. upon all the officers of the Treasury Department.
The third.feature authorized, as I suppose, the
j Secretary of the Senate to withdraw the contin-
i went fund of the Senate from the Treasury De-
I partment, and deposit it wherever he chose, with
! bankers or brokers.
The bill, as it comes to us now from the Senate,
leaves the bill m this form: that the Secretary of
the Senate is made a disbursing officer to disburse
the contingent fund, and his salary is fixed at
#1,000. It is settled, if this bill passes in its
present form, that the passing the vouchers of the
Secretary of the Senate by the Senate committee
is not conclusive upon the officers of the Treasury
Department. It is provided, also, that the contin-
gent fund shall be deposited by the Secretary of
the Senate with the depositary selected by the
Secretary of the Treasury for other disbursing
officers in the city of Washington.
The effect of the bill, if it passes, will be to give
the sanction of both Houses of Congress to what
we regard as the proper construction of the Inde-
pendent Treasury, and to establish the fact, that
the vouchers for the disbursement of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate must undergo the same
ordeal as other vouchers; and will substitute law
for usage, and place this whole business under the
authority of legislative enactment.
The House have therefore succeeded in both
their amendments in which a principle is involved;
and it would seem proper that we should yield the
$1,000 additional salary to the Senate, and let the
bill become a law. That, I believe, is a fair ex-
planation of the matter, and I will detain the
House no longer.
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to yield long enough to have the bill read as
it will stand if the House agree to the proposition
of the Senate.
Mr. MACE. I have no objection to yielding
for that purpose.
The bill, as it comes from the Senate, was then
read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MACE. I have but very few remarks to
make in relation to the provisions of the bill, as it
is now presented to the House. I will say, in the
outset, that my fnend from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
inridge] has fairly stated the provisions of the bill;
and the only question now presented for the con-
sideration oftheHouse,in my opinion,is whether
we will allow the Secretary of the Senate an addi-
tional salary of $1,000.
Now, it must be known to every member, of
the House that the present pay of that officer is
$3,000 per annum, and I believe he has enjoyed
that salary ever since 1827. He receives, then,
under the law, as it now stands, the sum of $3,000
per annum—the same that we pay our bureau
officers, and the same that we pay the Clerk of this
House.
Now, I ask if it is the intention of the House to
allow this officer the additional salary of $1,000—
making his compensation in all $4,000 per annum
—why you do not extend the same provision to
the Clerk of this House, who has twice as onerous
duties to perform, and make his salary $4,000 per
annum?
1 understand that he has a clerk under him
1 whose duty it is to disburse the mileage pay and
contingent fund; and that that clerk receives a
I salary°of $1,500. He has also been provided with
all the clerks that he has ever called for, at salaries
larger, perhaps, than those which the assistant
clerks of this House receive.
Now, then, I take it that it is unjust, and setting
a bad precedent, to allow the Secretary of the Sen-
ate $4,000 a year. It is more pay than he ought
j to have, making his salary $1,000 more than the
I salaries of the heads of bureaus, and of the Clerk
of this House. It is suggested to me that be also
gets the extra compensation which we allow,at the
close of every session in addition to that, and I
suppose that he does. I content myself now with
simply saying, that all 1 desire is, that the yeas and
nays may be called upon that proposition, in order,
that we may see who is disposed to give this addi-
tional $1,000 to the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. Wearenowabou
to vote on receding from our amendments.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agreeing
to the amendment of the Senate to the third sec-
tion of the hill.
Mr. HAMILTON. On that I can for the yeas
and nays. .
Mr JONES. Will not the question be first
: upon rei
ceding from our amendments?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right. The
question will first be upon receding from theamend-
ments of the House.
