WLA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
read from the Congressional Grfebe some remarks
made in the Senate by the honorable Senator
from Maryland, {Mr. Pearce,] on whose motion
sthis- paragraph or item making provision for pen-
sions due privateer pensioners, in the deficiency
bill, was stricken out. On reconsideration, and
on examination of the facts in the case, he con-
cluded that it was unjust to withdraw the pensions
from these privateer pensioners, and that the
clause providing for their payment should be re-
instated.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I desire to be informed
by the Chair whether this matter is debatable ? I
have no objection to listening to a brief explana-
tion, but am not desirous of hearing a long speech.
Mr. FLORENCE. J think I have a right to
debate the motion that I have made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But I do not think the
gentleman has a righf to read the report of a speech
from the Congressional Globe.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is debatable. It is a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which amendments
were adopted. •
Mr. FLORENCE. I never disturb gentlemen
who have the floor. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the House more than a few minutes. Mr.
PfiARCE says:
"In regard to that amendment which reduced the sum
appropriated to privateer pensions, I wish to make a brief
statement to the senate, and state the reasons why I shall
take a different course from that which 1 pursued the day
before yesterday.. Alt the sialements which I made to the
Senate then were, as f find, perfectly eoriect. 1 find that
the fund was exhausted by the application fir&t uf the in-
terest, and then oftheprnwipal. It wassifely invested, and
not a dollar of it was lost by bad investments. On the con-
trary, the fund was absolutely increased by the amount
of $8,000, when the stocks, in which it was invested, were
sold out.
" But, sir, the fund was diminished by the action ofCon-
gre&a in a particular which t am inclined to Hunk leaves
an equitable chum on the part of these pensioners against
the Government. The original acts pledged this fund to
the payment ol invalid priva'eet pension.-, and pensions lo
the willows of those who wore .-diun in the engagements of
the privateers. Such were the pensions provided lor bv the
act of 1814. By the act of 181b, I hud that Congress added
a new class of pension*, to wit, the widows of those who
died by casualties during the period of their services. This
was not contemplated by the original aets.
"On looking at the papers which have been sent tome
since the debate, I ptrceive that the pioper pensions have
amounted in ail to not tnore than &5,900 in any yeai ; when
by the act of 1818, winch extended them to tile widows of
those who died of casualties, the Government paid in one
year $19,000. This difference continued for a considerable
length of time.
" The privateer pensions paid to invalids decreased rap-
idly ; so that, in 1828, they amounted to only $-2,830 They
had never been more than about $5,900. The pensions to
widows amounted to over $8,000 in 1817, and ran up, in
1820, to $19,471; so that it appeaia that n was the new
class of pensions, intioduced contiary to the pledge of the
original act, which diminished and finally exhausted the
J mid.
Under these •eiieumsfances, 1 give up the objection
which I had lo the onsinai appropriation as it came from
the House. I believe it is equitable jn the Government to
make g"od to the invalid* the pensions which they would
have continued torec'eive but for our own legislation. 1
hope, therefore, the Senate will not eonrui in the amend
went made as in Committee of the Whole.
"The amendment was not concurred in."
That amendment was to strikeout of the House
bill the paragraph orilem which provided for the
payment of the privateer pensions for the fiscal
year. The Senator from Maryland made the
motion to reconsider in order to reinstate the item
making such provision in the deficiency bill. If
I understand correctly, it was upon the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland that the appropri-
ation to pay pensions for the privateer pensioners
was stricken out of the invalid pension appropri-
ation bill for the coming fiscal year: and, as he
now admits the claims to be equitable, the appro-
priation ought to be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. J move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table. The remarks which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has read apply
to another bill, and not to an item in the bill which
he moves to reconsider. [Laughter.]
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. CORWiN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. Yesteiday, after the fortification bill was
passed, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] made a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; but this morning he
has withdrawn the motion. I desire to renew the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question upon that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did the gentleman from
Ohio vote in the affirmative?
Mr. CORWIN. 1 did.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I moveto lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
JACOB MOVER.
Mr. ELLISON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a bill " for the relief of the heirs of Jacob
Moyer;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
CLERIC TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAWSON was here recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will give way to me for
a moment, 1 desire to say that i am instructed by
the select committee which was appointed yester-
day, to ask the House to allow them a clerk for
three or four days only, at the usual rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object..
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to introduce a resolution to
that effect.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not m order to-day.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I rise to a
question of order. I desire that the 137th rule
may be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will please
read the rule.
Mr. ELIOT read the rule, as follows:
"Except during the last ten days of the session, the
Speaker shall not entertain a motion to suspend the rules
of tho House at any nine, except on Monday of every
week," &c.
■ The SPEAKER. The practice of Rome of my
predecessors, and my own practice, has been to
count Sunday as one of the days of the session.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 desire to ask if this is not one
of the ten days ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. There is an-
other question involved in this point of order,
which it may perhaps be as well to settle now.
I understand the joint resolution fixing the fourth
day of August as the day upon which the two
Houses shall adjourn has not been finally acted
upon by the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that this
question of order cannot, at this moment, come up
legitimately, for the reason that the gentleman
from Illinois has not the floor to make the motion
to suspend the rules at all. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] was recognized by
the Chair, and was upon the floor, and only yielded
to hear what proposition the gentleman from Illi-
nois would make. He asked that the select com-
mittee appointed yesterday might be allowed a
clerk. It was objected to. And if it was com-
petent to move to suspend the rules at all, the
gentleman had not the floor to do so. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had the floor, and the floor
cannot be taken from him except by a privileged
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there nota priv-
ileged question pending—the motion to reconsider
the fortification bill?
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the Chair
has not yet heard what proposition the gentleman
from Pennsylvania desires to submit. The Chair
I simply recognized the gentleman.
, Mr. DAWSON. My object in rising is simply
| to give notice that to-morrow I shall ask the House
: to take up the homestead bill, as amended by the
| Senate; and if the House will do so, 1 will press U
I to final action.
! FORTIFICATION BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the forti-
fication bill was passed yesterday.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
demanded the previous question upon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, and at the same time
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. Neither gentleman, however, had the floor
to make sny motion.
Mr. JONES. I was recognized by the Chair,
and made the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
have the floor, for the reason that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] was upon the floor.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Ohio made
his motion, and took his seat.
The SPEAKER. Both motions are in order
now, and must be put in their turn. The ques-
tion will therefore be first upon laying the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JONES. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 77, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allpn,
Appleton, Barksdfile, Barry, Bhss, Boyee, Breckrnudge,
Bridges, Caskie, Chandler, Chaplain, (Jlingman, Craiere,
Crocker, Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Edmands,
Edinundson, Thomas D. Eliot, Failey, Faulkner, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Goodrich, Harrison, Hibbard, Houston,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Roland Jones,Kerr,Kittredge, Kurtz
Laiham, McDnugall, McNair, Maxwell, Millson, Packer,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Riddle, David Ritchie,
Robbing Rowe, Ruffin, Russell, Sabin, Seward, Shaw,
Shower, Skelton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Rol-
lers, Frederick P. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens-, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Upham, Vail, Vansant, Walley, Israel Washburn, Tappan
W^ntworth, Wheeler, and Witte—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Bugg, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Ohnsman, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwin,
Cox, Cullom, John G. Davis, Thomas Dave*, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Eastman, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Everharl, Ewmg,
Flagiei,Guiding*, Greenwood,Grow, Aaron Hailao, Hend-
ricks, Henn, Hill, John.^on, Daniel T. Jones-', George
W. Jones, Knox, Lamb, Lilly, Lindley, Lindfley, McCul-
loch, Macv, Matte^on, Maurice, Morgan, Moirison, Mur-
iny, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Phelps, Pringle, Reese, Sapp,
Shannon, Simmons. Richard H Stanton, Stratton, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, Trout, Tweed, Wade, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Wells, Daniel B. Wright5and Zollicoffer—70.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
SYLVESTER PETTIBONE.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill of the Senate (No. 274) " for therelief of
Sylvester Pen^one."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, unless
the bill be read.
The bill was read in extenso for information.
Mr. WELLS. Now, if the House will indulge
me for a moment, I will state the circumstances
connected with the case.
Mr. McMULLIN, I connot consent that this
motion be made, unless we agree to dispose of all
the private bills upon the Calendar.
Mr. WELLS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. There are several private
bills upon the Calendar, and I am willing to go
into committee and dispose of all of them; but I
object to special privileges being allowed to one
gentleman unless the same privileges are allowed
to others.
Mr. WELLS. I do not object to all the bills
being taken up.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not withdraw my
objection.
PATENT TO CHARLES JU'LARAN.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce a bill for the purpose of ref-
erence. It is a bill requiring the Commissioner
of the General Land Oilice to issue a patent to
Chailes McLaran for a tract of land, upon certain
conditions.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ceived, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
ASTRONOMICAL OBSERVATIONS IN CHILI.
Mr. S TANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. Some time since a communication
was presented to this House from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting a report and certain astro-
nomical and other observations of the late naval
and astronomical expedition to Chili. A resolu-
tion was passed by the House instructing the Com-
mittee on Printing to inquire into the expediency
of printing ten thousand copies of the report and
observations. The oommittee have had the sub-
