1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
length, which I desire read, in connection with the
resolutions
Mr. HUiVT. I ask for the reading of the re-
port, and I beiieve there wili be but one heart and
one mind in the matter.
The joint resolution was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Joint Resolution manifesting the sense of Congress towards
the officer and seaman of the vessels and others engaged
hi the rescue of the officeis and soldiers of the Army,the
passengers, :ind the officers and ciew of the steamship
San Francisco, from perishing with the wreck of* that
ve-sei.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of «lmeiica in Congress assembled, That
the Piesident of the United States be requested to procure
three valuable gold medals, with suitable devices, one to be
presented to Captain Creighton, of the ship Three Bells, of
Glasgow; one to Captain Low, of the bark Kilby, nf Bos-
ton ; and one ro Captain Stouffer, of the ship Antarctic, as
testimonials of national gratitude for their gallant conduct
in rescuing about five hundred Americans from the wreck
of the steamship San Francisco; arid that the cost of the
same be paid out of any money in the Tieasury not other-
wise appropnated.
Src. 2 Resolved, That a sum not exceeding $10,000 is
herehv approptiated, out of anv money in the Tieasury not
otherwise appropnated, to enable tne President to reward,
in such manner as he may deem most appropriate, the of-
ficer^ and crews of those ves&eis that aided m the rescue of
the suivivors of said wreck, and such other person* a-> dis-
tinguished themselves by offices of humanity and heroism
on that occasion ; the reward to be proportionate to the na-
ture of the efforts made, and the merit of the services len-
dered. eo tar as the same can be ascertained.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now read the report.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the report,
as follows:
The joint committee of the Senate and House of Repie-
ecntauves, to whom was referred the resolution ol the
Senate and Hou-=e ot Representatives " to inquire and re-
port in what form the acknowledgment of Congress may
be ino&t appropnately expressed to those benevolent and
courageous men who, under Providence, weie the means
of rescuing ftom death so many citizens of tin's Republic,"
have hud the same under consideration, and submit to the
respective Hoii-os the following report:
The bteamship San Francisco, the property of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, of New York, was chartered by
the War Depaitment to convey United Slates troops and
military stores to California, via Cape Horn.
She left New York on the 22d December, 1853, having
onboard, in addition to the ciewof the vessel, the third
legunent ol United States artillery, and several p.isscng< rs,
among whom was a number of women and children; in
all about eight bundled souls.
On the night of the 23d she encountered a severe storm,
which leudered her wholly unmanageable. On the morn-
ing of the 24th she was struck by a violent wave, which
shattered her quarter deck, her liuirieane deck, and car-
ried <iwa> her uppei saloon, and all the officers, soldiers,
ami p.i-«'itgeis wno lmd taken shelter in it from the stoim,
amounting to about two hundred in number. The ve-sel
was very seriously damaged by this terrible shock, and
continued afterwards to leak so badly that it required the
utmost efPnts ol all on hoaid to keep her afloat. On the
same day, and soon alter this dreadlul occurence, she
spoke the bug Napoleon, of Portland. The captain of this
bug pioim-5e<i to lie hy her, hut was sepaiaied from her
dining the night. The next day, the 25th, the San Fran-
cisco spoke ihe brig Maria, ot Liveipool. ' The captain of
the Man<i also pionnsed to he by hei,but the night sep-
arated the vessels.
On the 27th, the bark Kilby, of Boston, Captain Low,
hove in sight. This vessel had suffered much in the Mono
tii.it wrecked the San Francisco. She was short nf provis-
ions and water, and leaking badly, yet her captain prom-
ised to stand by the wreck, which promise he lauhktlly
kepttlnough the night. The next day, the 26th, upwards
of one hundred persons, men, women, and children, were
transferred trom the San Francisco to the Kilby. This
opeiamm was arrested by the increase of the gale at night,
but it was intended to be resumed the next dav, until all
should be removed ftom tho wreck ; the storm, however,
increasing wilh the night, the vessels were unavoidably
separated! The Kilby ciui^ed in seaich of the wreck for
rome tune, until her own crippled and disabled condition
compelled her to abandon the search, and provide for her
own safeiv. It was lull time, as she afterwards encoun-
tered "real ditfk ultie* in getting rifely into poit.
On the 3Ut, the ship Thiee Bolls, of Glasgow, Captain
Creighton, came iii sight, and on learning tJie condition ot the
pa^eifers and crew, piuim.-ed to he bv tin-m and succor
tln-ni at all hazard^. This ve«el had suffered seveielyfrom
the storm, was slioit ol provisions and water, and leaked ?.o
badiv ili.it her condition was scarcely less critical than that
of the San Ftfiricisco ; but hei gallant commander faithfully
kept his piomis-c. At the most imminent risk to his vessel,
he lav by the wieck for several days of storm and danger,
having for this pui pose to pel foim the most skillful and per-
ilous maneuvi is, parsing frequently under the lee of the
wieek to cheer and encourage those on board.
On the 3d of Januarv, lb'4, the ship Antarctic, bound
for Liverpool, Ml m with the t*an Francisco, and gener-
ously tendeu'd assistance and succor to those oil board.
On the '1th and 5ih all the sutvivmg passengers not pie-
viou-!v tiansieried to the Kilbv were leinoved on board the
Three*Bells and Antaiciic. On the 6th, all !h« officers and
ciew wei" taken from the wreck. Captain Watkins being
the la-t tnau who abandoned the ill-fated ves-el.
The h iik Kilby, alter snuggling with the winds and
wave- for toiutei n days., finally reached wtthin tea miles
of Vew Yoi k. when a stotni arose and she was again driven
to sea. The next day she fell m with the ship Lucy
Thompson, of New York, whose commander, upon learn-
ing her perilous and distressed condition, kindly volun- !
teered to take the passengers on board. Thisiemoval was j
immediately efiected, and the Lucy Thompson supplied t
the Kilby with provisions and water, of which she stood •
greatly in need. Tile Lucy Thompson brought these suf-
fering passengers in safety to New York.
The Kilby was aftet wards found in a helpless condition,
and was towed into Boston harbor by the steamer City of
New York.
The Three Bells arrived safely in New York, hut suffi-
cient time has not yet elapsed to hear of the at rival of the
Antarctic at Liverpool.
The committee are deeply impressed with the generous
conduct of these gallant men, who aided in rescuing our
distressed countrymen from the wreck of the San Fran-
cisco.
The commanders of the Three Bells, ICilby, and Antarc-
tic deserve the grateful acknowledgments of the country for
their humanity and intrepidity.
Tbankh and piai-'c arc especially due to Captain Creigh-
ton, of the Thiee Bells, who, for six tempestuous days and
nights, in a spirit of disinterested" humanity, ami at the im-
minent peril of himself and crew, stood by the sinking
steamer until her gallant commander, who remained the last
man on board, abandoned the doomed and deserted vessel.
Captain Watkins and his officers and crew appear to great
advantage on this trying occasion. Lieutenant Francis
Key Murray, of the United States Navy, is also entitled to
especial notice for his humane and valuable services. Praise
is al=o due to Surgeon Buel, of the San Francisco, for the
assiduity with which he attended to the sick and dying
soldiers after they were separated from their own suigeons.
Major Wyse and his junior officers deserve great credit for
thtir efficient conduct in the absence of their superioi offi-
cers. Several others, who cannot now be designated by
name, owing to the imperfect information before the com-
mittee, are believed also to be entitled to praise and to the
thanks ol the countiy.
The committee are persuaded "that these humane and
noble services were rendered without any hope or expecta-
tion of pecuniary compensation; but they are, for that very
reason, in tho judgment of the committee, entitled not only
to grateful acknowledgment, but also to some substantial
rewaid. They therefore report a joint resolution lor that
purpose.
JAMES SHIELDS,
Chairman Joint Committee on the part of the Senate.
JOSEPH 11. CHANDLER,
Chairman Joint. Committee on the part of the House.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the reading of the
report.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The motion is already pend-*
ing to suspend the rules for the purpose of intro-
ducing the resolution.
The question being upon suspending the rules,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded a division.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays. That will be the most effectual division.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 90, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Appleton,Thomas II, Bayly, Ball, Belch-
er, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bliss, Bojce, Bugg,Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Coiwiu, Cox, Cro -ker,
Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Dnnev, Dowdeli, Dun-
bar, Edmands, Edmundt-on, Fverhart, Farley,Fcnton, Flag-
ler, Florence, Franklin, Gamble, Goodnch, Green, Grow,
Harrison,Ilaven, IIill,Howe,Hughcs.Hunt, Ingcrsoll.Keitt,
Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, McCulloch, McNair, Mattesori, Meach-
am, Middleswaith, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan,
Notion, Mordecai Oliver, Pennington, John Perkins, ;
Pnngle, Puryear, Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbms, 1
Roge'rs, Rti>sell. Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sewaul, Simmons, 1
Geirit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stratton', John .1. TaOoi-,
John L.Ta\lor, Thuiston, Tiacy, Trout. Upham, Yd.I,
Vansanf, Wade, Walbridge, Ellinu B. Washbmne, Istael
Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth, and Yates—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
A?be, Barksdalc, Bissell, Bncoek, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Chamberlain, Chaplain, Chnsman, Clark, Cobb, Craige,
Cullom, John G. Davis, Dent, Dunham, Edgerton, Ellison,
English, Faulkner, Fuller. Goode, Greenwood, Hamilton,
Andiew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hastings, Hen-
dricks, Henu, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George VV.
Jones, Roland Jones, Kittredge, Latham, Letcher, Lilly,
Lmdslcv, Macdonald, McDougall, MeMulhn, McQueen,
Mace, Macy, Mayall. Millson, Morrison, Murray, Nichols,
Noble. Olds, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Peck, IVckham, Phelps,
Powell, Preston, Richardson,Thomas Rifchey, Ruffin, Sey-
mour, Shaw, Skelton, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Snodgta^s, HestorL.Stevens, Walker,
Walsh, Wheelei, and Witte—11.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed:
" A bill abolishing the present ocean mail steam-
er service, and authorizing the Postmaster General
to relet the same in accordance with the usages
of the inland mail service, and for other pur-
poses
A bill to modify the nineteenth section of the
act of 3d March, 3845, concerning the compensa-
tion of railroad companies/'
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Unless we do this, we
shall have the day spent in motions to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BISSELL. I hope that motion will not
prevail. There are some important reports which
the committees of this House should have an op*
portunity of presenting.
Mr. JONES. You can make your reports to-
morrow.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 62, noes 70.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODRICH. I now ask that my resolu-
tion may be read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, having been
objected to in advance, cannot be read, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. GOODRICH. I move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to offer the
resolution,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may make
that motion, and he has now the right to have the
resolution read.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the message from the President of the
United States of January 24,1853, with the accompanying
papers, transmitted to llus House in answer to a resolution
of the House of December 27, 1852, on the subject of the
compensation of certain custom house officers, be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
report thereon by bill or otherwise.
The question was put, and (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported back a
bill of the following title, with a recommendation
that it do pass:
" A bill authorizing the President of the United
States to contract for a semi-monthly mail, by
steamships, between San Francisco and some port
in China."
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of William Wheatley, of the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to lie
upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 45) " to incorporate
the Pioneer Manufacturing Company of George-
town, District of Columbia," with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
I Mr. D. said: I move that the bill be put upon
j its passage, believing that we can get rid of it now
1 in less time than we can at any other time, and
' that there will be no objection to it if I make a
I brief statement of facts: I ask for the reading of
i the bill.
j The bill was read by the Clerk,
j Mr. DAVIS. I have but a single word to say
j in reference to this bill. In its present shape, I
! regard it as perfectly harmless. So~far as I am
| concerned, I am opposed to corporations on prin-
ciple; but this one is so properly and carefully
guarded, that I amofopinion its operation will be
perfectly harmless. 13y a reference to its provis-
ions, it will be discovered that this corporation is
forever prohibited engaging in banking of any
, kind, in issuing or emitting any kind of paper as
; a circulating medium; that the stockholders are
; made individually liable for its debts; and that
i Congress reserves the power of changing, modi-
• fving, or repealing the charter at pleasure. In this
' view of the case,! cannot conceive that thera can
1 be objection to the passage of the bill as reported
' from the committee. This is all I desire to say.
I now cnll for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the stote of the Union, and be printed, so that we
may know and understand what it is. There may
he some amendment necessary.
