1058
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
purview of this act, howeverimpossihle it maybe
to become such, notwithstanding his declaration
of intention. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
gives his assent to the view I have taken of his
intention in this matter, that it was not to revive
the question whether these lands should be given
to negroes.
Mr. ORR. "Why not leave the word "white"
in, then ?
Mr. HUGHES. I trust this amendment will
prevail, and particularly as i understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania intended by the amend-
ment what 1 supposed he did.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhodelsland. I am opposed,
Mr. Chairman, to the word " white" beingthere
at all. In this far-off Territory, where the color
of the inhabitants is more or less mixed up, why
should we make this odious discrimination against j
this particular color? This region is not strictly
an American territory. The people are mnde up 1
of those from almost every na ion; and it does
appear to me that this Bouse should occasionally
legislate in a manner that the colored man will
have some spot upon the face of God's earth
where he can stand.
Mr. ORR, (sotlo voce.) Let him go to Rhode
Island.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chairman, in this Teiritory
of New Mexico, where there are comparatively few
inhabitants coming from any oftheStates—where
there are all sorts and conditions of people—is
there any reason why the colored man should be
shutout? Is there any reason why he should
not be permitted to go there, and enjoy the same
rights and privileges as the white man? No, sir;
whether a man is from the North or the South, I
cannot see what difference it makes to him. I
cannot see why you should not be willing that
these people should have an opportunity to live
somewhere. Are they notalready reduced to a suf-
ficient depth of degradation ? Is not every condi-
tion that can be imposed upon them, both in the
free and in the slave States, calculated to reduce
them still lower, enough to satisfy gentlemen ?
Sir, for one, as a member of this House, I
solemnly and earnestly protest against this House
identifying itself or this Goves nment, with a move- j
ment to shut out this unfortunate race of men |
fiom participating in the same lights and pnvi- ;
legen other inhabitants of that Territory. As i
a member of this liouwe, aa an American citizen i
representing a free constituency, 1 protest, m the .
name of that constituency, against the citizens of I
any State being; proscnbed from going to this Ter- j
ritory of the United States, ami from becoming j
citizens of that Territory. It is an infringement j
upon the spirit, if not an tnfr ingement upon the i
letter, of the Constitution of the United States. j
Mr. Chairman, I say it is a cruel injustice to ;
that race to mark them wheiever you find them; j
that you should week to deguide them by placing !
every odious restriction upon them that you can j
invent. I trust that the members of this House, j
or at least a majority of them, will be willing to |
have this clausc of the bill stricken out. I trust j
that we shall strike out this word " white," and \
make one small beginning towards doing justice
to this class of men.
Then* is already a mixture of this blood in
the people of that Teiritory—men born upon the
soil—I will venture to say. And will you, by
your legislation, permit men coming from any
quarter of the globe, to come upon the land
which these men have cultivated, and dispossess
the occupants born upon the soil? If you do,
you commit an net of the grossest injustice.
These men have better rights to the ownership of
the land than the mere stranger or foreigner who
may emigrate to the Territory. Once more I say,
that tu exclude these men from the rights which
you extend to others, is to do the cruellest in-
justice to them, i hope the word " white" will
be stricken out, and that we shall permit all to go
there upon a standing of equality.
Mr. KE1TT. What is the question before the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon thp amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to give notice that
whenever an opportunity occurs, I have an amend-
ment to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
thegemleman from Ohio, that only one amendment
is now pending, and that an amendment to the
amendment is in order.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 move to stike out the words
" or who has declared his intention to become
such," and to insert after the word 14 years," the
words " who has declared his intention to become
a citizen;" so that if the amendments prevail, the
section will read:
" That to every white male American citizen of the United
States, or to every wlnte male over the age of twenty-one
yeai->, who has declared intention to become a citi-
zen," &.c.
That corrects the English, and retains the prin-
ciple.
Mr. MILLSON. Is the question divisible ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
and insert, is not divisible.
Mr. KElTT made s >me remarks in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
weie fifiy-thiee in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell,
and Jones, of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being bills relating to the organized Terri-
tones, and had directed him to report bills No.
1G2 and 232 to the House, with sundry amend-
ments.
| Mr. WALBRIDGE. I understand that there
i is a message from the President of the United
States, and I call for its reading.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to receive the message ?
[Cries of " Agreed I" " Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message from the President, transmitting the cor-
respondence between the United States charge
d'affaires at Vienna, Austria,and theStateDepart-
ment, in legard to the case of the Rev. James Cook
Richmond; also the correspondence which has
passed between the same, m regard to the rejection
of the e.requuturnpoY) the commission of the United
States consul, appointed for Trieste.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was then taken; and it wasdecided
in the affirmative.
The House accordingly adjourned* at twenty
minutes past three o'clock, till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, JUay 3, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Hi-xry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS. ETC.
Mr. BROWN presented documents in relation
to the claim of Moigan McAfee, to remuneration
for a ceitain tract of land purchased by hnn from
the United States, and which he subsequently lost
by the decision of the Supreme Court in favor of
an adverse claimant; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States,
professing the Jewish religion, praying that meas-
ures may betaken to seuure to American citizens
abroad a just degree of civil and religious freedom;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memoiial of the
Brotherton Indians, playing for a final settlement
of their claims; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of ship-
owners and others, residing in Clinton and West-
brook, Connecticut, praying that those towns may
be attached to the collection district of New Haven;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the Governor and Secretary of the State of Iowa,
and the Mayor and Aldermen of Dubuque, pray-
ing for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a railroad fiom Dubuque to the northern bound-
ary of said State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
Alexander Mitchell, praying an extension of his
patent for screw-pile iron light-houses; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was leferred the petition of
Patience Hurd, praying a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lewis Humbert,
praying an increase of pension, submitted an ad-
veise report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, by direction of the same committee,
asked to have recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions, the memorial and report in the case of
Mary Baury, widow of Louis Baury, an officer
during the war of the Revolution; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PETT1T, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Senate, directing that committee to consider
the expediency of providing by law for the ap-
pointment of a commission to revise the public
statutes of the United States, to simplify their
language, to correct their incongruities, to supply
their deficiencies, to arrange them in order, and to
reduce them to one corrected text, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agieed to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committtee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, to repeal part of an act
entitled " An act to provide for the safe-keeping
of the acts, recoids, and seal of the United States,
and for other purposes," reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to provide for the construction
of a suitable building for the accommodation of
the district court of the United States, at Key
West, in the State of Florida, reported it back
without amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Asa
Andrews, praying payment of the amount found
due him from the United States by the verdict of
a jury, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENT OF RULE,
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agieed to:
Replied. That Ihc 30th' rule of the Senate be amended
bv striking out the worrW, " although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate," and inserting,
" unless it be to carry out the provisions of an existing law,
or a treaty stipulation."
The rule now stands as follows, the words
within brackets being those stricken out:
30. No amendment, proposing additional appropriations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unlessit
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution, previously passed by the Senate,
during that session, or moved by direction ot a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance ot an estimate
from the head ol some of the Department*; and no amend-
ment shrill be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, [aUhougk the same may have been -previously
sanctioned l>y the Senate,] unless it he to curry out the pro-
visions of an existing law, or a treaty stipulation.
BOOKS TO NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
: Pensions, submitted the following resolution for
j consideration:
' Resolved, That the joint resolution of the 24th of Febru-
j ary, for supplying new members of the present Con-
j gress with all " such books of a public character, and in
! The same proportion as were furnished to members of either
j House during the last Congress,'* embracing "Mayo and
I Moulton's edition of the Pension and BountyLandLaws,"
i &c., in the proportion of eight copies to each of said new
