1M6
THE COMGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
New York and Illinois, in favor of the repeal of the duty
on sugar and molasses.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was
Order'ed, That the Committee on Commence be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
Edward Robinson and others, of Thomaston, Maine, rel-
ative to a demand of redress from Peru; and that the same
be deferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs; that
the Committee on Commerce be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration t>f a petition of tobacconists, residents
of Louisville, Kentucky, and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means; and that the same
committee be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the Common Council, and of the citizens
of EvansviUe, Indiana, in relation to the location of a
western armory ,at that place, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
i. mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, Senate bill to amend
several acts respecting copyrights; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
iMy* STANTON. I now ask the consent of the
ffliSe to allow me to put a little bill upon its pas-
sage. It is a matter that requires immediate action,
and to which there will be no objection. It is
Senate bill (No. 320) supplementary to an act en-
titled " An act to authorize notaries public to take
and certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledg-
ments in certain eases." The Committee on the
Judiciary have instructed me to report it without
amendment.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ported and read in exttnso. It authorizes notaries
public to take depositions, and do such other acts
m relation to evidence to be used in the courts of
the United States, in the same manner, and with the
same effect, as commissioners to take acknowledg-
ments of bait and affidavits may now take or do.
The bill was orcjered to a third reading; and
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, repoi ted back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 368) " for
the relief of Charles Merchant;" which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to call the attention of
the House to a bill very important in its character,
to remedy defects in certain land titles. The
Supreme Court has decided that the titles to a cer-
tain class oflands granted by the General Govern-
ment to the States are defective in their character,
and will convey no valid right to the lands at all.
These lands have gone out of the possession of
the parties to whom they were granted into the
* hands of innocent purchasers, and it is a matter
of the highest importance that the defect should
be remedied. I make these remarks for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the House to the
subject, and for the purpose of giving notice that
on to-morrow I shall ask leave to take up the bill
and put it upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the House in-
sist upon its disagreement, and concur in the
request for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill " for the
relief of John Frink;" which was read a lir«t and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ingrepoit, ouiered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill, which was
read a first and second time by its title as fol-
lows, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to he printed:
A bill granting compensation and bounty land
to certain American seamen who were prisoners
of war during the war of 1812.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill14 fortherelief of Jacob Baker, of Sandusky,
Ohio;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 381) " for the relief of Wil-
liam Brown;" which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on Senate bill
(No.191) "fortherelief ofThomasB. Parsons;"
which, with the accompanying report, was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
a billfor the relief of Tunstall Gtuarles;,> which
was read a first and second tinle by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William Sterny
be withdrawn from the files of the House, and re-referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill "for the relief
of the heirs of Rignauld, alias Nick Hillery;" j
which was read a first and second time by its title, |
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, j
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be j
printed. j
Mr. LINDLEY, by unanimous consent, intro- !
duced " a bill granting to the State of Missouri j
the right of way and a portion of the public do- ;
main to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Alexandria to Bloomington;" which was read a j
first and second time by its title, and referred to ■
the Committee on Public Lands. I
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Pri- j
vate Land Claims, reported adversely on the pe-j
i tition of Jacob Kerr; which, with the accompany- j
I ing report, was laid upon the table, and ordered to J
be printed. j
i Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 288) entitled " An act sup- |
plementary to an act confirming claims to land in ,
the State of Missouri, and for other purposes," i
with an amendment, and a recommendation that
it do pass; which was referred to the Committee i
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the ■
bill, as amended, ordered to be printed. i
j Mr. N. also, from the same committee, re- ■
< ported back Senate bill (No. 216) "for the relief I
j of Joseph Smith," with a recommendation that it <
! do pass; which was referred to a Committee of ;
' the Whole House, and ordered to be printed. 1
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, re- !
, ported back Senate bill (No. 423) " for the relief i
j of Gaston T. Raoul," with a recommendation '
j that it do pass; which was referred to a Com- |
! mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be j
j printed. |
! Mr. N. also reported back Senate bill (No. 443) j
; " for the relief of A. G. Penn," with a recom- .
; mendation that it do pass; which was referred to :
j a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered 1
| to be printed. |
Mr. N. also reported back Senate bill (No. 334) j
j " for the relief of Francois Cousin," with a rec- j
: ommendation that it do pass; which was referred i
| to a Committee of the Whole Housp, and or- i
| dered to be printed. j
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Naval Af- !
, fairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 109) "for i
j the relief of William P. Sanger," with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to !
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered j
to be printed.
1 Mr. EASTMAN, from the Committee on In- ;
I dian Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 161) j
| " for the relief of Theodore E. Elliott," with a ;
i recommendation that it do not pass; which was J
, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Private :
Land Claims, reported back House bill (No. 228) i
"fortherelief of George McGirk," with a rec- 1
ommendation that it do pass; which was referred |
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered !
I to be printed. ,
I Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the Com- !
! mittee for the District of Columbia,reported back
1 a bill "incorporating the Mutual Fire Insurance '
Company of the District of Columbia;" which 1
• was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed. |
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the rules be ;
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ,
Union. 1
The motion was agreed to. j
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the t
House resolved itself into the Committee of the 1
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fuller |
in the chair.) 1
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 46) " making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1855," disagreed to by
the House, and that they disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to the same, and ask for a
committee of conference.
THE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL*
Mr. PHELPS. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
the first bill on the Calendar is House hill No. 97,
which I psopose the committee shall now consider.
It is a bill making appropriations for the naval
service for theyear endihg 30th of June, 1855,
Mr. PHELPS. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill. 1 hope no objection will
be made to that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view of enabling me to introduce
a resolution for the purpose of limiting debate
upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 97, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the usual resolution,
closing debate on bill No. 97 within thirty min-
utes after the committee should have resumed the
consideration thereof.
Mr. BRIDGES. I propose to amend the res-
olution by strikingout thirty minutes, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof five minutes.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the adoption of Mr.
Bridges's amendment.
The House was divided, and there were, on a
count—ayes fifty; not half of a quorum.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. The number of members
voting in the affirmative is less than half of a quo-
rum; and as there is evidently more than a quorum
present, there is no necessity for tellers. The vote
on a count is sufficiently decisive.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
resolution; and it was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to,andalso moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Fuller in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Navy appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. BOCOCK addressed the committee for half
an hour in favor of a reform and reorganization of
the Navy, and in explanation of various amend-
ments which, he designed to offer. His remarks
will be found in the Appendix.
The hour having now arrived for closing the
general debate on the bill, under the order of the
House,
Mr. PHELPS, who, as the member reporting
the bill, was entitled to the floor for one hour, re-
plied at length to the remarks of Mr. Bocock, and
explained the course of the Committee of Ways
and Means with regard to the bill. His speech,
which is withheld for revision, will be published
in the Appendix.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After the word "Navy," in the eighth line, strike out
" $2,992,648," and insert in lieu thereof " $3,367,OUO;" so
as to make the clause read:
