1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
The Committee on Military Affairs is not the
proper committee to determine upon the punish-
ment which should be inflicted upon a civil officer
of the Government for fraud or peculation.
A Member. Let it go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BISSELL. Every step we take shows
the propriety of keeping these two matters dis-
tinct from each other. Let the gentleman in-
troduce a bill which shall accomplish the purpose
he proposes, or let him introduce a resolution re-
quiring the proper committee to report a bill which
shall reach other officers of the Government. This
bill is intended only to reach military officers,
which are the only ones over which the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs can have jurisdiction.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not wish to delay or
endanger the passage of this bill; and without
being able to see much force in the apprehensions
of the gentleman from Illinois, yet with a view of
doing some good, I withdraw my amendment for
the present.
Mr. WALKER. I do not see why the restric-
tion should be made in reference to the branch of
the service to which the individual belongs. It
strikes me that the bill would be improved very
much by striking out that provision, and insert-
ing the words " in any branch of the military ser-
vice of the United States." 1 move that as an
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, f then move that
the bill, with the amendment, be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union, and be printed. 1 think the House will
see the propriety of referring this Hill, and of let-
ting gentlemen have an opportunity of making
provision for including all the officers of the Gov-
ernment. .
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee 1 demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question was put; and, upon a division, 49
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vail,and
Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67* noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. Bills are accumulating very
rapidly upon the Speaker's table, ami though I
greatly desire to finish the deficiency bill this even-
in" yet 1 propose, if the House will agree to it,
to^di'spose of the bills on the Speaker's table. I
move that the House do now proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS.
House bill " making an appropriation for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States, for the year ending 30th June,
1855," returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment, was taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr HOUSTON, i understand that the Sen-
ate have amended this hill, by striking out that
portion of it which relates to the pay ot privateer
pension^ierk ^ amendment, as follows:
Strike out th<* foUowinB .
.. Fo, pensions of invalids who were wounded  n hoard
unv.itp armed vessels liurmB the last war with Great Brit-
ain x2,80>); and the office tor pavin. privateer pennons n
b.mo'ii IS iiereliy abolished, and s.nd pensions shall be paid
as puvatecr pensioners are paid at other places.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to,
communications prom departments.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report froiti the Secretary of State
m reply to the resolution of the House of liepie-
sentatives of the 14th of December last, requesting
from the President " a statement of the privileges
and restrictions of the commercial intercourse ot
the United States with all foreign nations, similar
to that communicated to this House on 2Jth ol
March, 1842; and further, that he be requested to
give a table, exhibiting a comparative statement
between the tariff of other nations and that of the
United States, similah to the one prepared and laid
before this body in MWch, 1842;"
Which was, on motion by Mr. JONES, of Ten-
nessee, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting a copy of the letter of
Hon. Henry M. Rice, the Delegate from Minne-
sota Territory, to the Interior Department, to-
gether with the message of the Governor of that
Territory, to which the letter refers, asking an
additional appropriation of §10,000 for inclosing
and otherwise finishing the Territorial capital and
penitentiary; which was referred, on motion by Mr.
Haven, to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the law,
approved March 3, 1853, the several reports
received from the engineers and other persons
employed to make explorations and surveys to
ascertain the most practicable and economical route
for a railroad from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean; which was, on motion by Mr.
Haven, referred to the special committee appointed
for the consideration of the Pacific railroad ques-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
MIMTARY ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER. House bill (No. 47) entitled
" An act making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1855, has been returned from the Senate,
with an amendment.
The Senate amendment was then read:
" Add at the end of the bill the following:' for repairs
and addition to piofesfeors' quarters $5,00(1.' < For cavalry
exercise hall ■>2t),0(I0.' "
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it is hardly neces-
sary to refer the bill. There is but one amend-
ment; and I think the House is as well prepared
to vote upon it now as they will be at any time.
That cavalry hall is the old riding hail with which
the House has been acquainted for ten or fifteen
years. The House always votes it out, and the
Senate votes it in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is the bill open to
amendment now ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition before the
House is upon the motion to commit. It is there-
fore not open to amendment. .
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope it will be committed
Cut I wish to make a suggestion to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Mem-
bers will recollect, those who have served here for
some yeais especially, that we have the report of
a board of visitors to West Point every year, for
which we pay $3,000. Eminent civilians are sent
there to witness the examination of the students,
to ascertain their progress, and report thereon, j
They make recommendations tons. Oneof them, ;]
in reference to this riding hall, has been repeat- [
edly made to us unanimously. I believe it is ne- j
cessary, as I have seen it, and know the impoit- j
ance of it. . . |
Besides, Mr. Speaker, during the five or six j
years [ have held a seat here 1 have endeavored |
to have an amendment adopted, to restore to the i
cadets the old pay, which they received some years
ago. Their former pay was about $28 per month,
but it was reduced to #24 some years ago, for what
reason I do not know. The Board of Visitors an-
nually sent by the Executive to visit this Academy
has, for several years, unanimously recommended,
in consideration of the increased price of living, and ,
with a view to place all the cadets upon the exact:
equality required by law, that the old pay of the !
cadets, of $28 20 per month be restored, in the
place of $24, which they receive now. A poor
young man sent to that institution cannot support
himself there without the aid of his friends. It]
was stated, by an eminent gentleman who repre-!
sented that district in Congress a few years ago, that t
the market at West Point was higher than it was
in the city of New York itself, owing to its prox-
imity to that city. The cadets are required to !
pay their own board, to clothe themselves hand-
somely, and to appear regularly upon drill every ,
day upon $24 per month. The price of every j
thiii"' has increased, but for some reason or other j
the pay of the cadets has been diminished. I
hope the bill may be referred back, with a view
to have this matter provided for, and if it is in
order now I will make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Such a motion is not in
order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would simply state to th«
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] that I sup-
pose he may debate the merits of this bill upon
the motion to refer it. But my purpose was not
now to open debate upon the bill, but to refer it,
and when it comes from the committee it will be
open to debate. It is evident that we need the
time to-day for other things than the debate of
this bill, and I think it would be well if the gen-
tleman will allow the bill to go to the committee
upon my motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am much obliged to the
gentleman; and I will merely say, that when the
proper time arrives, if 1 can get the opportunity,
I shall say something in reference to this riding
hall, which I have personally inspected, and the
necessity of which I have seen. The students are
required'to perform cavalry exercise whether it'
rains and storms or not.
In the case of a storm they ought to be under
some shelter, but the place now provided for a
riding school is a dangerous one for young men
in which to take such exercise, and not at all suit-
able. Upon a recent visit there, I understood that
cadets were often thrown in the miserable place
which is now used as their riding hall, but which
looks more like a stable than a place to instruct
in cavalry tactics, and the consequence is that
accidents occur, and they are not unfrequently
sent to the hospital. Let us either abolish this
riding hall altogether or establish a good one. H
may be said, that young men may be exercised
in cavalry drill all the time out of doors. When
you come to consider that it is necessary to keep
up daily regular instruction, there must be some
seasons, in rainy and stormy weather, when such
instruction can be given only under shelter. I
trust, therefore, before the bill passes this House,
and goes back to the Senate, that we will mature
it, and at least look into the recommendations of
the Board of Visitors of the Academy at West
Point. Why should we send a Board of Visitors
there unless some attention is paid to their recom-
mendations? If they are worth anything let us
pass upon them and adopt them. If not, let us
abolish this riding hall, or carry out the recom-
mendations so repeatedly made to us.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not propose to debate
the motion now, and I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
STEAMSHIP SAN FRANCISCO.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is House bill (No. 135) " for the relief of the
United States troops that suffered by the recent
! disaster to the steamship San Francisco;" which
has been returned from the Senate, with sundry
amendments.
The first amendment was then read, as follows:
" At hnecicht, after the word ' sea,' insert' and to Lieu-
tenant Francis Key Murray and any otlier officer and
seamen of the Uniled Sl.ites Navy who was on boaid of
said steamship under orders.' "
Mr. ORR. I think that this bill and amend-
ments, had better be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I therefore make that motion.
Mr. McMULLlN. It occurs to me that the
prooer reference would be to send this bi!!_ to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It provides tor
a very large appropriation. .
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
bill will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. . , ,
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
reference of senate bills.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken up in their order, read the first anI second
time by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
" An act (No. 31) for the relief of Purser Fran-
cis B. Siockton." Referred to the Comromee on
Naval Affairs.
" Ail act (No. 52) for the relief of Mary E. D.
Blaney, widow of the late Major George Blaney."
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
