-wm
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
of drunkenness: and drunkenness is the cause,
more than all other causes put together, of the in-
subordinations, troubles, crimes, which abound in
armies and navies. To this appalling fact the
American Army and Navy constitute no excep-
tion. Now, the bill before us proposes no change
in this respect. On the contrary, it would have
this evil go on, after the old fashion. But the
amendment, which I have offered, proposes a
radical change in this respect; and a change no
less blessed than radical.
All are aware that, in every department and em-
ployment, sober men are more to be relied on
than drunken men, and are better and happiejr
men. This is as true of sailors and soldiers, as
of any other men. How carefully, then, should
Government refrain from whatever might encour-
age intemperate habits in their sailors and soldiers !
How steadfastly should we refuse the folly and
the sin of putting the cup of woe and ruin and
death to their lips !
Would we have our armed vessel cany, where-
ever she may go, high evidence of the strength
and wisdom of America? Then let it be a tem-
perance vessel. Were the world to know, that
the American Army and Navy are divorced from
rum, the world would be impxessed with the
strength and wisdom of America, as it never
yet has been. Would we make our Army and
Navy a far greater terror to our enemies than they
otherwise can be? Then let us make them a cold
water Army and Navy.
But, sir, we do not wish our Navy to harm the
world. We wish it to bless the world. We
would rather have it exert a redeeming moral in-
fluence than find occasion to wield its physical
force. Then, sir, let our ships of war, whatever
lands they may visit, be to those lands temperance
lecturers. Such temperance lecturers would move
the world, and bless the world. Would that our
ships of war might undergo this transformation!
Little occasion would there then be for the ordi-
nary offices of a navy.
Adopt my amendment, sir, and let it become a
law, and five years will not pass away, before
liquor rations will cease from the Army, as well as
from the Navy: and ten yeais willnot pass away,
before both the Army and Navy will be purged of
drunkards. For by that time, we shall, in that
case, refuse to enlist drunkards either into the
Army or Navy. And then, sir, thousands of
fathers and mothers wilt bless God, and bless you,
for the precious reform, which you shall this day
have begun. They will remember you with grat-
itude and love. For they will then hope, that
if their sons shall enter the Army or Navy, they
will, nevertheless, escape drunkenness. Anil the
hope that their children will not he drunkards, is
a precious hope to every right-hearted parent—as
precious to every good parental heart, as the ap-
prehension, that, they will be drunkards, is with-
ering to such a heart.
And should it be so, sir, that our Army and
Navy shall be freed from the curse of rum-drink-
ing, our hope will then be quickened, that the
whole country will be freed from this curse. Judges
and law-makers will be ashamed to drink rum,
when our sailorsand soldiers have ceased to drink
it; and who else will not, then, be ashamed to
drink it? If only for the happy reflex influence
upon ourselves of our attempts to introduce this
reform into the Army and Navy, these attempts
would be well paid for.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from New York, if he does not know
thaf liquor is sometimes used as a medicine ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Certainly; and
my amendment very carefully guards against pro-
scribing it as medicine.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amendment,
as I understand, denies all provision for the use
of intoxicating liquors,
[Cries of " Not at all!" " Only as a beverage!"
• " Read the amendment!"]
The amendment was again read for informa-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, now, Mr.
Chairman, let us take the amendment as it stands.
Id proscribes the use of intoxicating licjuors as
beverage?. We know that beverages are provided
for the sick. We know that it is very often the
case, in instances of extreme debility, that these
liquors are prescribed and given as beverages, in
order to sustain sinking nature. In the shape of
toddy, for instance. [Laughter.]
Now, 1 am very ready to concede, as all of us will
be, that the honorable gentleman from New York
has a most expanded benevolence. He really has
endeavored, and most steadily endeavored, to vio-
late the laws of God, as I conceive, in making in-
ferior beings the equals of superiors. We can all,
therefore, concur in opinion, and I do most heart-
ily, indeed, concur in it, as to the benevolent field
in which the gentleman delights to roam. I have nb
sort of doubt—none in the world, the honorable
gentleman is animated by the purest motives and
principles that can animate men. But, I ask him if
he does not know that a little of these intoxicating
liquors gives unwonted and powerful develop-
ment to the physical energies of man ? Does he
not know that if he stops short of drunkenness, a
man under the influence of generous drink, has
double powers ?
But, as on this subject, the gentleman has un-
dertaken the work of reform. I ask him if from
his experience, he is not perfectly aware, that
there are in the world more gluttons than drunk-
ards, and if he does not also know that gluttony
is more destructive to animal life and morality
than drunkenness itself?
However, I am perfectly willing myself to see
the amendment adopted, although, m my opinion,
the object is one of very questionable value and
utility. Still, as the gentleman from New York,
who is a peace man, proposes to make the Army
and Navy of the United States terrors to the
world, in that view of the subject the question is
conclusive. And although I am opposed to inter-
fering with the question, still 1 am willing to se-
cure the end proposed by creating terrors to evil-
doers in the shape of a temperance Army and
temperance Navy.
1 have made these remarks, Mr. Chairman,
withoutany purpose of senously engaging in the
discussion. I would be very glad, however, to
have a vote taken <>n the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, so as that we may see to
what extent the House is determined to carry
these temperance doctrines.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr., FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to modify his amendment in the mart*
ner which I am about to propose.
[Loud cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
The OH A IRMAN. Debate is not m order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not intend to debate
it. 1 merely ask to modify the proposition of the
gentleman from New York.
[Renewed cries of u Question !" " Question !"
and " Move an amendment!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot get the chance of
moving an amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
amend the amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
And no officer shall be allowed to use intoxicating liquors
except for medicine.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York is simply to abolish the grog
rations; but it does not prohibit the oificers from
carrying wine and liquors among their stores. If
the first amendment is to he adopted—and 1 sup-
pose it is not, judging from the feeling of the
committee—it is unfair; because it is justas right
and fair that "Jack" should have his grog, as
that the officer in his cabin should have his wine.
If the one is fo he prohibited, it is but justness
and fairness that the prohibition should extend to
the officers, and prohibit them from filling their
cabins with wine and liquors.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed totheamend-
ment, and hope it will not be adopted.
The question was taken upon the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment, as
amended,
Mr. WHEELER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Florence were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
| —ayes 71, noes 50.
! So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
I Mr. SOLLERS. I have an amendment which
: I am aware is a little out of order to offer at the
; point of the bill to which it applies; but it escaped
j my attention when the committee were consider-
ing that clause of the bill. 1 desire to offer, at the
end of the following clause:
For pay of superintendents, nava! constructors, and all
the civil establishments at the several navy-yards and sta-
tions, $115,350,
this proviso:
Provided) That in settling the accounts of the late navy
agent at Memphis, the &um of $2,964 59, already received
by him, and passed lo his credit upon the books of the
Treasury Department, shall not be deducted from his salary
as acting purser, provided for by an act making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1853.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that the committee have passed the
clause of the bill to which he alludes, and that it
is not in order to go back.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 am aware that it is not, but
I hope I shall have the unanimous consent of the
committee to offer it.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That is evidently a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Does the Chair rule the
amendment out of order upon the ground that it
is a private claim, or because it was not offered in
time?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it out of
order upon the giound that it is for a claim not
authorized by law.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 do not un-
derstand that it is a private claim at all. It is to
authorize the Auditor of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of this navy agent under the law of
1852, without deducting the money which he has
already received under that law.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair has decided this amendment to be out
of order, and it is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky was making a statement of facts upon which
the Chair will judge whether the amendment is in
order or not.
Mr. STANTON. The last Navy appropriation
bill contained a provision giving the Navy agent
at Memphis the pay of a purser. But, in settling
his accounts, the Auditor decided that there must
be deducted from his salary some commissions
which he had received as navy agent. This
amendment is simply to authorize the Auditor of
the Treasury to settle his accounts without de-
ducting these little commissions which he has al-
ready received, and to which he was entitled un-
der the law passed two years ago. That is the
effect of the amendment. It does not propose to
appropriate a single cent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then its effect is
to repeal the law passed at the last Congress.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. Then let us have the law read.
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment be not
to change existing law, the petitioner has his
remedy before the proper accounting; officers of
the Treasury. If it be to change existing law,
this is not the proper place, and the Chair decides
the amendment to be#ut of order.
Mr. STANTON. According to my construc-
tion it is not a change of the law, but only to make
the law effective. The law is as follows:
i "And the navy agent at Memphis, for the time during
i which he has per formed oi may perform the duties of purser,
j in addition to his own, shall be allowed and paid the anuuai
} salary of a pur&er on duty at navy-yards of the second class,
; which shall not be in addition to his commission, but in
• lieu thereof."
Up to the time this law passed he was receiving
commissions as navy agent. He had one per cent,
on all moneys disbursed by him. The intention
of the law was that he should receive the pay of
purser, he doing duty m both offices at the same
time. When his commissions were paid him, they
were deducted out of what Congress allowed him
by this law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly I do.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Sollers, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, the tellers having reported—
ayes 78, noes 41.
Mr. PHELPS'. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to strike out
