1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
the words "one hundred and sixty" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "five hundred and thirty-
two" in the following clause:
Forrepairs of vessels m ordinary, and for wear and tear
in cmunisMon, including fuel and purchase of
hemp, $2,1(54,900.
I briefly explained the object of theamendment
when I was addressing the committee before. This
amendment is rendered necessary in consequence
of the increased expenses of the Japan expedi-
tion. It proposes to increase the item in the bill
§370,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr._ STANTON", of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby required to pur-
chase supplies of liornp for the Navy by contract, for such
'periods., not exceeding five year*, as he mav deem expe-
dient. giving such contract to the lowest responsible bidder,
after due advertisement: PiOvidei!, That in all eases pu:f-
erenee shall be given to peisons proposing to fmiibh Amer-
ican water rotted lictnp at prices not exceeding those
proposed for fo<eien hemp: Wurf provided aZs-o, That lite
test, as now applied, shall he raided from four thousand
pounds to four thousand four hundred pounds upon the
rope ot one and three-fourth inches in circuimerence-
It is hardly necessary for me to say anything
more m reference to this amendment; but 1 will
simply call the attention of the committee to the
fact that it does not propose to purchase Ameri-
can hemp at n higher price than the foreign article
can be bought for; but it proposes simply to give
the preference to American hemp at the same
price, and at the same time it proposes to raise the
test from four thousand pounds to four thousand
four hundred pounds. In the remarks 1 made a
little while ago, I stated that when American
hemp 
Mr. BOCOCK. I am very sorry to interrupt
the gentleman, but I desire to see the same rules
of order applied to one gentleman that are applied
to another. I laise the question of order, and ask
if the amendment he pmposes is not to change
an existing law in reference to the purchase of
hemp.
Mr. STANTON. Every appropriation that has
been made, in reference to the purchase of hemp,
has been made in an appropriation bill of this kind.
This provision has express reference to an appro-
priation for the purchase of hemp. It js certainly
competent for the committee to direct the mode in
which hemp shall be purchased. It is by no
means out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee state whether or not, under the exist-
ing- law, the Secretary of the Navy is required to
purchase American hemp?
Mr. STANTON. There is a law already ex-
isting, which authorizes him to purchase it in the
open market. The only difference is, that 1 pro-
pose that he shall enter into a contract, after
due'advertisement, with th^lowest bidder offer-
ing bids for all kinds of hemp, foreign and Ameri-
can; and giving preference to American hemp, at
the same prices <is foreign. That is perfectly le-
gitimate m connection with this bill. It is not
anything in the shape of a proposition to increase
the pay of*ofTieeis, winch would n<>t be m order.
Jt is a very different proposition. It is one which
connects itself directly with the appropriation for
the purchase of hemp; directing the manner in
which that appropriation shall be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
overrule the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] on the ground that
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Tennessee
merely points out the mode in which the hemp is
to he purchased.
Mr. HOCOCK. Overrules it on the grounds
laid down by the gentleman from Tennessee,
although the amendmentdoes change the existing
law in reHuon to the mode of purchasing hemp.
[Cries of " Order! " "Order!55]
Mr, STANTON. I think that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] was hardly respect-
ful to the Chair m stating that this amendment
was ruled m order because it came from me. I
think it is just such a provision'as nas been over
anu ove? again adopted in Committee of the Whole
on bills of tlus kind, jt is such an one as was
adopted within a few days past in the Army ap-
propriation bill, changing the law in reference to
the particutar appropriation. 1 need refer only
to the conditions adopted m relation to the super-
imendencies of the armories, and to the various
other provisions which have been always adopted
in bills of this kind.
But the question is here, whether we shall give
to the grower of American hemp a fair chance
with the grower of foreign hemp, or whether the
trade shall be kept in the hands of several gentle-
men in Boston, who may have influence over cer-
tain gentlemen in the Navy Department. I do
not allude to the Secretary of the Navy, and I do
not know whether improper influences have been
exerted at all, only 1 have heard it. The ques- ;
tion is, I say, whether we shall give the trade to j
those gentlemen who have influence enough to J
procure the purchase from them of hundreds of;
tons of foreign hemp at prices higher than have j
been ever given for American hemp; or whether, |
by fairly publishing for proposals, we shall give [
the American grower of hemp an equal chance i
with the foreign grower. That is the question ,
submitted by this amendment; and 1 think no ;
gentleman can find any valid objection to it. |
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment, if I under- j
stand it coriectiy, provides that the contract for |
water-rotted hemp shall be made for five years. :
[To Mr. Stanton.j Is that the terms of the j
amendment?
Mr. STANTON. Theamendm°ntrestrictsthe
, contracts to live years, wuhin the discretion of the
| Secretary of the Navy.
| Mr. PHELPS. Yes; for such period, not ex-
' ceedmg five years, as the Secretary of the Navy
, may deem expedient. In other words, the con-
i tract is to be given for five years. That will be
the construction given to it. |
| And now I wish to call the attention of the com- ,
! mitteeto one fact m connection with this fiveyears'
! contract. In consequence of the war that is now
, raging in Europe the price of hemp has been con-
. siderably increased. If, therefore, the Secretary
; of the Navy should advertise at this time for pro-
j posals for the supply of hemp for Use term of five
! years', the contract would be taken at the present
! exorbitant price of hemp, notwithstanding that if
j peace should be restored within that time the price
of hemp would be greatly reduced. I know that
. it has been for some years past the custom to have
I the Secretary of the Navy buy water-rotted hemp
' for the use of the Navy, i approve of that course. :
j Yet with all the inducements that have been held .
■ out to the hemp-<rrower to supply water-rotted
, hemp for the use of the Navy, but a very small
quantity has been ever purchased of that grown
i m this country. There is but a very small supply.
There are but a fewgrowers and manufacturers of
! water-rotted hemp; and if you make a contract at
! this time for five years, and make the contract with
! an American producer,you will give a much higher
I price for the hemp than that which would be paid
i by the Secretary of the Navy if he should pur-
j chase year by year, as the exigencies of the ser-
! vice might require. It is for tins reason that I am
i opposed to the amendment.
; But the object can be accomplished under the
■ present law. Ifan American proposes to furnish
hemp at a5* cheap a rate as foreign hemp can be
procured, the Secretary of the Navy can make
I! the <.ontiact with him und,er the existing law.
!1 Under that law he is required to award the con-
I' tract to the lowest bidder, lie is, of course, in
i making the contract, to take into consideration the
! strength of the hemp, and state where it is to be
!, delivered. The advei tisement is published in the
I; papers throughout the country, and those who
| are disposed to compete in the furnishing of the
jt Navy with water-rotted hemp haveall the advant-
|' ages under the existing law, that they would
:: have under the proposed amendment. The Amer-
ican grower can come forwaid and make his bid,
knowing that the proposition of the lowest bidder
will be accepted
Mr. SKELTON, I move to strike out " five"
and insert "one," so as to make the contracts ex-
i1 tend only for one year. I think that contracts from
year to year are the best for the country under the
■ circumstances. It is sufficient to test this experi-
ment of growing hemp; and the reasons stated by
! the gentleman from Missouri, f.Vir. Phelps,] are
sufficient to satisfy us of ;hc propriety oi the
ii amendment which 1 have offered.
Mr. STANTON, or'Tennessee. I am opposed
to tnis amendment otfeml by the gentleman from
i New Jersey, for the reason that 'he proviso, as it
now stands, gives to the Secretary of the Navy a
\] discretion to contract for one year, or for any
period between that and five years. I am willing
to trust the Secretary of the Navy, believing he
will do what is best and right.
1 say now to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] who comes from a hemp-growing
region, that the reason, and the sole reason, why
you find the singular fact that not a single pound
of American hemp was purchased during the last
year from the West, is, that persons manufactur-
ing the water-rotted hemp have no assurance that
it will be taken by the Department. Butgivethem
the assurance of a fair contract, and they will
manufacture it, and in sufficient quantities to sup-
ply the wants of the Government. But a few
years ago a quantity of water-rotted hemp was
sent to Boston, and it was refused and rejected, in
express violation of the contract under which it
was delivered, when it was a better article than
that which was afterwards purchased by the Gov-
ern merit.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman allude to
the David Myerlecase?
Mr. STANTON. I do.
Mr. PHELPS. I know he came into the State
of Missouii to induce the hemp-growers to em-
bark m that business; but he failed in it?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Tennessee state by whom the contracts to
which he fias referred are made?
Mr. STANTON. By the Bureau of Construc-
tion and Repairs, I presume.
Mr. FLORENCE, Was it the Myerle hemp? *
Mr. STANTON. Yes.
Mr. FLORENCE. The contract was made by
a board of navy commissioners.
Mr. STANTON. I think it is fair, and sub-
j ject to no valid objection, to leave this matter, as
["to the length of time for which the contract shall
j be made, to the discretion of the Secretary of the
1 Navy. If the condition of things at the present
j time is such as to make hemp unusually hiirh, of
course the Secretary will contract for a shorter
time. He will do what the interest of the Gov-
ernment requires, so as fairly to carry out the
objects of this bill.
'Mr. BRIDGES. Which is best in quality,
Russian or Ameiican water-rotted hemp?
Mr. STANTON. I will pay to the gentleman,
and the recordsof the Department will show, that
specimens of American water-rotted hemp have
been furnished, which, upon experiment, under-
went a higher test than any foreign hemp.
Ii [Here the hammer fell.]
'! The amendment to the amendment was disa-
;j greed to.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose, before
the vote is taken upon the amendment offered by
| my colleague, to amend by sinkingout tiom that
■ ! amendment so much as proposes to advertise the
■ purchase of the lowest bidder. I believe the whole
!j system of low bidding for supplies to the Govern-
ment is fraught with much evil. If you have offi-
!' cers who are trustworthy at all, it is much better
i! to send them into the market and allow them to
'! purchase such articles as are needed, than to un-
,| dertaketo purchase from the So west, bidder, judging
, [ from samples. Let them go into the marKet when
,i supplies are wanted, and purchase such as are
:i wanted at the market price.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
I to.
! The question then recurred upon the amend-
: merit, as amended; and being taken, the amend-
, ment was disagreed to.
: When the following clauses of the bill were
|' read:
, i For the purchase of nautical instrument* required for the
!: u.-e of ihe Navy. f«r rep-ms ol the &anie, diid al-o of astro-
' nomic-fil instruments,
For the purchase of nautical books, maps, and charts,
and for backing and binding the &ame, .$12,5Ut>,
! Mr. BOCOCK said: I have a very simple
'i amendment to offer. It is, that these two items
|j be united in one. It would then read:
.I For the purchase of naufcal instrument? required for the
1' use of the Navy, for repairs of the $• curie, and al«o of a&tio-
normcal instruments; for the purchase of nroiMcal b.uiRs,
'I map-, and charb, arid lor backing ami binding the same,
$23,000.
;! I will briefly state the object of the amendment,
'! which baa been offered at ihe request of Lieuren-
i ant Maury, who has charge of the National Oh-
j servatory. A certain amovot is appropriated for
l| the purchase of books for that institution, and a
|| certain other amount for the purchase of nautical
