352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
Giddings, Goodrich. Green, Greenwood. Grow, Aaron Har-
lan, Hastings, Havea, Ilenn, Hibbard, Hill, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Ingersoll. Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, Kerr,Kittredge,
Knox, Latham, Lindley, McNair, Maxwell, Mayall, Mid;
dleswarth,JohnG. Miller, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordeeai Oliver. Orr, Peck. Peckham, Pennington, Bishop
Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Riddle,
David Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sapp,
Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, Richard II.
Stanton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed, Upham, Vail, Walbridge,
Walker, Ellihu B. fVashburae, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Tappan Wentworth,Hendrick B. Wright, and Yates—97.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ball,
Barry, Boyce, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell, Caruthers, Clark,
Cobb, Corwiu, Craige, Cullom, John G. Davis, Edgerton,
EngJish, Ewing, Goode, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris,
Hendricks, Houston, George W. Jones, Roland Jones,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindslev, McCulloch, McMullin,
McQueen, Macy, Vatteson, May, Smith Miller, Millson,
Morgan, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, John Perkins, Ready,
Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Ruffin, Sage, Seward, Shaw,
William Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgrass, Hestor L.
Stevens, Stratton, Straub, Trout. Vansant, Wade, Walsh,
Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and ZoJlicoffer—6i.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. MURRAY. I moveto reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly, at three o'clock and
forty-five minutes, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 7, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William II. Milburn.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
"message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Fornky, announcing that
its Speaker had signed an enrolled bill giving
further time for satisfying claims for bounty lands,
and for other purposes; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Ed-
ward Rudd, of Elizabeth City county, Virginia,
heir of Edward Rudd, deceased, praying compen-
sation for negroes taken from his father by the
British forces in the war of 1812; whichwus re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. W ALKEbt presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington, praying that measures be taken
for the early introduction of the Russ pavement
upon Pennsylvania avenue; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have in my hand five memo-
rials, signed by officers and soldiers of the war of
1812. They pray that the bounty land law may
he so amended as to grant bounty land to all those
who have performed actual service under the
State or the United States Government in any
war since 1776. I move the reference of these
memorials? to the Committee on Public Lands.
They were so referred.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Mary
Carlton, widow of Moses Carlton, a soldierin the
war of the Revolution, praying to be placed on
the pension list, under the act of July 7, 1838;
which, together with the petition and papers in
the same case before presented, on the files of the
Senate, wets referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of,own-
ers of property and residents in the District of
Columina, praying that George W. Yerby and
others be authorized to construct a railroad from
Georgetown to the navy-yard, m the District of
Columbia; which were referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of P>arton
Ricketson, praying remuneiation for his services
and expenses in removing; wrecks at the Delaware
breakwater; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr GWIN presented the petition of the heirs
of Brigadier General Richard B Mason, of the
Army, praying certain allowances in the settle-
ment of his accounts as civil and military governor
of California; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying the aid of Govern-
ment in the construction of a new canal around
the falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side of the
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Mrs.
M. Van Ness, praying that whatever amount may
be allowed on the claim of her late husband, C.
P. Van Ness, may be paid to her, and not to the
administrators; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS Y/ITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Otway H. Gerry man be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Broad Street Bridge
Coin} any, of Nashville, Tennessee, be wiihdiavvn from
the fil«s of tha Senate, and ruterred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claim of John Shley be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Comimuee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John P. Webb, the petition
of Robert Steele, and the petition of Lucretia YV. Hubbard,
and other heirs of Elijah Hansom, be withdiawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom were referred three pe-
titions of citizens of Ohio, praying that the unsold
public lands in that State may be granted for the
use of public schools therein, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following peti-
tions, submitted adverse reports thereon:
Petition of Claudia Stuart, praying a pension
for the loss of her son James Stuart, who was
killed in battle;
Petition of Sophia G. Dillingham, praying a
pension on account of the services of her father,
Elisha Dillingham, during the war of the Revolu-
tion; and the
Petition of Edward Wheeler, praying a pension
in consideration of the services of hie father, Sam-
uel Wheeler, during the war of the Revolution.
Mr. JONES, of iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whr m were referred the documents in
relation to the claim of Thomas 13. Parsons for
arrears of pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to authorize the payment of
invalid pensions m certain cases, submitted a re-
port recommending its passage; which was or-
dered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Amos Knapp, pray-
ing that the pension allowed him may be made to
commence fiom the 3d of Apiil, 1848, submitted
I a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
j which was read, and passed to a second reading,
j The report was ordered to be printed.
| Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee of
■ Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
; Maria Morel!, widow of the late Hon. George
j Morell, one of the judges of the supreme court of
j Michigan Territory, praying compensation for
| the services of her late husband as a member of
! the board for the adjustment of land titles m De-
troit, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
to provide compensation for the services of George
Morell in adjusting titles to land in Michigan;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to he printed,
j SENATE CONTINGENT FUND.
i The Senate resumed the consideration of the
i message from the House, announcing that they
• had receded from their first, third, fourth, fifth, and
seventh amendments,agreed to the amendment of
; the Senate to their sixth amendment, and insisted
upon their second amendment to the Senate bill,
j to regulate the disbursement of the contingent fund
! of the Senate, and for other purposes.
The amendments from which the House recede,
are the following:
The first is to strike out of the first section of the
bill, which is as follows:
"That all moneys which have been, or may hereafter be,
appropriated tor the compensation of members and officers,
and for the contingent expenses of the Senate, shall be
paid out of the Treasury on requisition drawn by the Sec-
retary of the Senate, and shall be kept, dis-bursed, and ac-
counted for by hirn according to law : and the said Secretary
shall be deemed a disbursing officer, and shall be allowed
the sum of $1,000 per annum as a compensation, over and
above his salary as Secretary of the Senate, for the duties
hereby imposed upon him,"
—the words " and officers, and for the contingent
expenses."
The third is in the second section of the bill,
which is as follows:
ildnd be it further enacted. That in lieti oftlie bond now
required bylaw to be given by the Secretary of the Senate,
he j-hall give bond to the United States, within ten days
after the passage of thi* act, with one or more sureties, to
be approved by the Comptrollers of the Treasury, in the
penal sum of $20,00i>, with condition for the faithful appli-
tattori and disbursement of such fund- a< may be drawn
from the Treasuty under tlu< act, which bond t-hall be de-
posited in the Comptrollers' office ; and it shall be the duty
of each and every Secretary of the Senale who may here-
after be chosen, to {five bond as aforesaid, within thirty
days after he enters upon the duties of his office, and before
making any requisition as aforesaid."
—to insert the words " in addition to," in place
of the words " in lieu of."
The fourth and fifth is in the second section,
in the clause " to be approved by the Comp-
trollers of the Treasury;" after the words l<hy
the" to insert "First," so that it shall make.the
bond to be given " to be approved by the First
Comptroller of the Treasury;" and also to insert
"First" before "Comptroller" where it subse-
quently occurs.
The seventh was in the title of the bill. '
The amendment of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House to which the House agree, was
to amend the sixth amendment of the House,
which was to strike out the third section of the
bill, as follows:
" And he it jurther enacted, That tho accounts of the
Secretary of the Senale, of his disbursements of moneys on
account of the contingent expenses of the Senate, when
passed by the committee to audit and control such contm-
gp t pxpensps, and certified to have been so passed by the
chairman of such committee, shall be deemed and held con-
clusive by all the officers of the Treasury Department,"
—by substituting for it the following:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the said Secretary of the Senate to deposit the
moneys aforesaid which may come into his hands with a
depository, who may be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, for other disbursing officers in the city of Wash-
ington ; and all payments on account of the pay or mileage
of members of the Senate,and all paymentsof their officers
and lor the contingent expenses of the Senale, shall be by
drafts* diawn by the Secietary on such depository.
And the second amendment of the House upon
which they insist, is to strike out of the first sec-
tion the following words:
u And shall bu sillowed f h« sum of .£>1,000 per annum, as
a compensation, over and above his sal iry a^ Seciei.-try of
| the Senate, lor the duties hereby imposed upon him."
| The pending question was on the motion of
1 Mr. Hunter, that the Senate recede from their
; disagreement to the second amendment of the
; House.
j Mr. I3RODIIEAD. I would like to know the
purport of that from which we are asked to re-
cede.
Mr. HCJNTER. The section from which if is
proposed we shall recede, is that which allows
$1,000 additional compensation to the Secretary
of the Senate. The House moved, as an amend-
ment, to strike out that clause. We disagree to
their amendment. They have now agreed to all
of the bill except that, and I moved to recede from
our disagt eernent to that amendment.
Mr. BADGER. 1 moved an adjournment yes-
terday evening when this question came up, with
the view of inquiring whether it was proper that
the Senate should take a stand in favor of their
originalyproposition. I am willing to recede, as we
can piyvide for this out of our contingent fund
hereafter.
Th(e motion to recede was agreed to.
\ NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to organize the
j! Territory of Nebraska.
j| Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 stated last evening, before
|j we adjourned, that I would confer with the Sena-
II tors friendly to this bill, and propose an amend-
