THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25.
instruments. Now, sir, at the commencement of
the year they cannot tell how many books they will
want, how many will have to be bound, arid how
many backed. They do not know how many in-
struments they will want. It may turn out that
more books and fewer instruments will be wanted
than were estimated for; or it may turn out that
more instruments and fewer books will be wanted;
and without increasing the amount, I propose to
lamp both clauses into one. Then Lieutenant
Maury can expend it for books or instruments, as
he may deem proper. It does not increase the
amount at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It does not in-
crease the amount at all, but it gives a large dis-
cretion to Lieutenant Maury. He can apply the
whole $23,000 either for books, or instruments,
arid then come here and tell us that he has applied
it for books, and has bought no instruments which
are absolutely necessary, and ask for additional
appropriations. Here are his own estimates, and
if he finds that §12,000 is not enough for books,
and binding, and backing them, let him make his
estimate in the deficiency bill for what will be
enough.. If he finds that #10,500 is not enough
for the purchase of instruments, let him send in
his deficiency estimate for the deficiency hill.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the appropriation for books
be not enough for the purpose, will he not have to
come and ask for the deficiency, when, perhaps,
-there is an unexpended balance for instruments in
his hands? If my amendment be adopted, he will
not have to come here; he can take the unexpended
balance for instruments and apply it for the pur-
chase of books.
Mr. JONES. We always do best when we
make our appropriations specific.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer the following amend-
ment, not by direction of the committee; for I take
it that the committee is against me:
Insert:
To enable the Secretary ot the Navy to pay the salary
of Professor James P. Espy, for the current fiscal year, end-
ing 30th June, 1855, $-2,000; payment to be made in the
same manner and under like control as former appiopria-
tions for meteorological observations.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order
on the amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me state just why 1 think
the amendment is m order. Similar appropria-
tions are to be found in the Navy appropriation
bills for the last three or four years. You will
find it referred to in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy, President's message and accompanying
documents, page 309. On page 393 the committee
will find a letter from Professor Espy,from which
1 will retul a short extract. After detailing the
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly; and this man is in
the employment of the Government. He is now
engaged in making a report.
Mr. PHELPS. I differ with the gentleman as
to the fact whether the office was established by
law. I admit that in two or three naval appro-
priation bills an amendment was passed making
provision for the prosecution of meteorological
surveys, but those appropriations were only made
from year to year. There is no such officer pro-
vided for by law. His term of office expired the
1st of July, and there is no law providing for the
continuation or further prosecution of these mete-
orological surveys. It is for these reasons that I
raise the question of order.
Mr. HAVEN. I will not say whether I am
right or wrong in reference to this matter; butldo
say that for a series of years appropriations have
been made from year to year for this purpose, con-
tained precisely in the same words as my amend-
ment. This man is in thepublicemployment 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will thegentleman
say whether the office of Mr. Espy, who used to
be called the Storm King, is an office created by
law ? . , .
Mr. HAVEN. The question which my friend
from Virginia puts me has reference to the desig-
| nation of the man that fills the office—Storm King,
: as he says—rather than to the employment in
| which he is engaged. 1 cannot say whether there
i is such an office as the head of a bureau of mete-
I orological surveys, but I do understand that the
law has made provision for this office. I have
! pointed to the place where provision is made,for
! the office, and for paying the man who has been
I employed under the law to fill it.
! The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair understands
i the facts of the case, this was a special service for
! which the appropriation was made; and the ser
wires with the exhaustion of the ji pensation of these officers.
J • ■* ■ ' L The CHAIRMAN. The
amendment is not in order.
vice and "Inc, ,
appropriation* The amendment would not, there-
fore, be in order under the rule established
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, as not being germane to
the pending amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. . .
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a question of order.
We have passed from that clause of the bill and
gone to another.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will put my amend-
ment in another shape. I move to amend by add-'
ing:
And to increase the pay of the lithographer and two
watchmen employed at the National Observatory, §1,000.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose, if the gentleman
will allow me, to say that his amendment does not
trouble my amendment, and perhaps it will be
better to take the question upon my amendment
first, and then offer his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then we will have passed
from the clause. But I have no objection to do
so, if my amendment will come in ^immediately
after the gentleman's amendment is voted on.- I
will now briefly state the reason why I offer the
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that amend-
ment in order. I submit that it is an expenditure
not authorized by law ? I make that point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is well taken, and he therefore de-
cides the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, Mr. Chairman, is it
not in order to strike out "$3,000" and insert
"14,000?" That is my motion, and I intended to
have stated that the object was to increase the com-
Chair thinks the
V
Mr. HAVEN. Allow me to say one thing fur-
ther. When the Secretary of the Navy called the
! attention of the House to this matter 
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
| Mr. HAVEN. I do; and I desire simply to
say that ever since I have been in this House 
I Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
There is an appeal pending; and no debate is in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion. This is in continuation of works which
have already been commenced. These observa-
tions have been carried on for a seiies of years.
[Cries of "Question!" " Question!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall
duties which he has performed in reference to II the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of ij dollar
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not in order to offer
an amendment to enable the Secretary of theNavy
to increase the compensation of certain officers of
the Navy ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
. the amendment contains an appropriation not au-
| thorized by existing law, and is, therefore, not in
: order. . .
j Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
i of the Chair.
! The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
I stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
i taken, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
I tained.
I Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Imovetoamend
! the amendment of thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] by increasing the appropriation one
collectingandcollatingmeteoiologicalobservations j! t)le ROmmntee
ub- I
a small '
ased if ;
that have been made at the military posts m the
country, he uses the following language m his
letter to the Secretary of the Navy:
" i have already finished collating the years 1849, 1K>0,
and 1851, with the exception ot the third quarter of 1849,
and the third qu.uterof 1851. These quarters i shall finish
by the end of the present year, and if you so direct, the re-
port for these three years can then be handed m to Con
gress. But 1 respectfully suggest that .i report on this
ject would be greatly increased m value by even r?
increase of time contained in it; and I should be pie
vou would allow the report to be withheld liom Congress i! 1
till its second session, at which time the year 18,50 would be . "l-1;
embodied in it.'" j
This man has been regularly and continuously i
employed; and you will find, in the cases referied ,
to, that the Secretary of the Navy has made the j'
recommendations of which 1 have spoken. You ;
will find, by referring to pa^e 112, that thus appro- :
priation of §2,000 a year was not only made for ,
that year, but for the year previous. In the act
of the last session, at page 221, you will find that ,,
the same appropriation was made, and in the pre- j;
cise way in which it has been made in every par- j
ticular case. I now offer this amendment, be- ,
The question was taken, and the decision of the jj
Chair was not sustained; there being, on a count, ,
only thirty-one m the affirmative. I;
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the j,
amendment submitted by the gentleman from New j[
York, [Mr. Ha\en.J ;
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 piopose to |
amend the amendment by adding:
I have moved the amendment merely for the
purpose of enabling; me to ask one or two ques-
tions, to which I ask the attention of the gentle-
man from New York. There is now an officer
employed by the Smithsonian Institution whose
duty it is to receive and to make all these mete-
orological calculations, and to report upon them.
Reports are sent from all the different military
stations in the country to him. He is employed
Provided, That the hem
    . _ , _ _ _
cause my friend from Georgia, [Mr. b'rnTXiE^s,] ; erases.
 1 ! - n wv fi v ss ' 1 ft _ .
who is my colleague upon the Committee of Ways ;
and Means, told me that he had always attended '
to it, and he intrusted it to my hands now. I |
wish to perform that trust faithfully, as it in an ap-
propriation which 1 think ought to be made. It is
certainly one which has been adopted as an amend- 1 and Hvdrograpliical Office, viz : one lithographer, one in-
./ft,;- Kii! fni- the last h,ilf iWen venrs. '' strument maker, two watchmen, and one porter, $4,160,
ment to this bill for the last half dozen years
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
whether the office was established by law?
U agents appointed for Kentucky ! at present in getting out a work upon this subject
■' ~   *1"" ' at the expense of the Smithsonian Institution.
■ What I want to know is, whether these are the
! same services upon^whieh Professor Espy is em-
I ployed ?
Mr. HAVEN. I can only answer the gentle-
man by reference to the documents. I know
nothing of the computations of the Smithsonian
Institution; but I doubt not the gentleman is cor-
; rect in what he states.
Here is Professor Espy's letter:
j * Irving Hotel, Washington, ?
September 8, 1853. S
s<ir: Jn answer to your letter of the 6th instant, request-
; ing me to "furnish you a report of my labors, and their re-
j suits,connected with meteorological observations conducted
II by me^under the direction of the Navy Department, during
! the past year," I have to report progress as follows !
.; During the year, as in several former years, I have naa
i| access to all the meteorological journals kePtat,theYa"°" 
r military posts by order of the surgeon genera}, an<3
11 the journals procured by the Smithsonian Institution, which
' are very numerous, and embrace a very wide extent o -
ritorv, which, united to the journals of my own^correspond-
ents, furnish the means, such as the world r '
before, ofgeneralizing the phenomena of s*arms, '"d e,iuc-
mz laws which apply tu their origin, the direction and
velocity of their motion, in the United States; the direcuon
and Missouri bo dispensed with after the parage ot this
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the gentleman will not
mix up hemp with my amendment. It does not
hang on.
Mr. §TANTON. The hemp agents in those
States are now unnecessary. They have not pur-
chased a pound of hemp for the last few years,
and will not purchase a potfnd for the next five
years. ! will, however, withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr WALSH, t move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
Provided. That no portion of the said amount be appro-
priated for the purchase of intoxicating liquors for bev-
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to amend the clause
by striking out the word "three" and inserting
the word 4{ four*/' so that it shall read:
For the wages of persons employed at the Observatory
There are employed at the National Ohserva-
|j tory—
