THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1854.
New Series No. 121.
and violence of the wind in different parts of the storm at
the same time ; the state of the barometer in the storm and
around its borders; the causes which produce these phe-
nomena ; and the means of predicting, hi all gieat storms
of dangerous violence, their approach in limp to prepare
for them. How much of all this I have alreadv done, and
how much remains to be done, and with what prospect of
succe>h, you will judge by examining my previous leports
to the Department.
The plan which I adopted in those reports, in collating
the meteorological journals, was, to exhibit to the eye, on
skeleton maps of the United Slates, the various phenomena
of the winds and rams and hmometnc fluctuations, by ap-
propriate symbols, so that, by a glance, it might be seen
where a storm was raging, how far it extended , m what
dnection, and with what vmlenee the wind blew tn its
borders, and beyond; how the barometer stood within and
beyond its borders; and how far, and in what direction, the
center of the stoim had moved by the next d.iv -it the same
hour. This plan I have not j«een proper to change in the
report now in progess for the Department.
I have already finished collating the yeat  1819, IboO, and
1851 j with the exception of the thud quartet ot 1819, and the,
thud quarter ofl 831. These quarteisl shall fini^i by the end
of the piesentyear; arid, it you so direct, the repoit tor
these three years can then be handed m to Con^re^s. But
J respeeifuily suggest that a report on tiiH subject would
be greatly iucieased in value by even a small nieiea-eof
time contained tn it; and I should be pleased if you would
allow the report tn be withheld from (Jonsrre^ till its '-«vond
session, at which time the year 1^51 would be embodied
in it.
Whatever you direct me to do on this, shall be done to
the best of my alulny.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES V. ESPY,
Hon. J. C. Dobbin.
These calculations are of very great service to
science. They are the handmaid to the great
business in which Lieutenant Maury is engaged.
It seems that Professor Espy has access to the
journals kept at the various military stations in
the country, to all the journals received by the
Smithsonian Institution, and besides that, has a
very large correspondence of his own from which
he deduces his facts, and reports to the Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. STUART, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Haven'?, amendment was then agreed to
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com*
snittee of Ways and Means to move to strike
from the enumeration in the hill of the purposes
for which contingent expenses may accrue, the
words u furniture for Government houses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to increase
the appropriation for contingent expenses from
$000,500 to $706,860. That was the estimate of
the Secretary of the Navy, and, on reexamination,
the Committee of Ways and Means agreed to
restore it. We believe it to be proper and right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to inceit the
following:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to te^t any improve-
ments m steam boiler^, or any other steam machinery in
reference to the coti-micuon of steameis tor the Navy of
the United State?, as in Ins opinion maybe calculated to
benefit the public service, $10,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
This is an appropriation not authorized by exist-
ing iaw.
Mr. PENNINGTON. There has been an
appropriation made for the construction of six
naval steamers for the use of the United States
Navy. The object of the amendment is to enable
the Secretary of the Navy to test such improve-
ments in steamship machinery as muy be sub-
mitted to him by machinists, artisans, and others.
It does seem to me to be a very proper amendment
to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair it would be a pertinent amendment to the
bill authorizing the construction of these steam-
ships, but not to this bill.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The Secretary of the
Navy thinks the am end merit a highly desirable
one. I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was overruled, and the amendment decided
to be in order.
The amendment was then agreed to,
121
I The following clause was then read :
j Foj the erection and repair of building*, fot the lmprove-
; ment and preservation of the ground*, and for eontingen-
] cies at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland,
| §39,678: Provided, That no part ot this sum shall be ex-
I pended until a contract, with security, to be approved by
; tile Secretary ot the Navy, be entered into for the comple-
[ tion of a workshop, at a sum not exceeding $5,000, and
J herein piovided foi.
; Mr. SOLLERS. I move to strikeout the pro-
! viso. My impression is, that the works ought to j
i go on as rapidly as possible; but if the proviso be
| retained the work will be retarded, and hundreds
| of workmen, my constituents, will be thrown out
' of employment. I have no objection to a work-
; shop being erected, at the expense of (he Govern-
i ment; but I object to this proviso, as you will per-
ceive, from the reading of it, that all the worksm
process of erection will be obstructed until this
workshop is completed. That is doing manifest
injury to the service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman is
i mistaken. It is for the Naval School at Annap-
, olis. This proviso relates to the workshop at the
Naval School, and not at the navy-ya**d.
| Mr. SOLLERS. I know it is for the Naval
, School at Annapolis. I think I ought to know, as
Annapolis is in my district.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
i from Maryland allow me to call his attention to
; the fact that the proviso only requires that a con-
' tract shall be made, and not that a workshop
! shall be erected ?
; Mr. SOLLERS. I equally object to that. It
i will be some time before the contract can be com-
1 pleted. Now, there are works in progress which
! will be obviously and necessarily delayed until a
i contract is entered into by the Secretary of the
: Navy with some contractors who choose to un-
i dertake the work. I desire that those works
! shall go on; and if they are to go on, and if it is
necessary that they should be completed, you
! have no right, nor is it your duty, to offer any
obstruction to their completion. I can see no
reason in the world why the works at present
commenced at the Naval School at Annapolis
should be obstructed until this contract is com-
pleted At what time is the contract to be com-
pleted ? Is it limited to twelve months, two years,
or five yeai s ?
I Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
! man from Maryland an amendment, which I
1 think will accomplish the object he has in view, jj
■ and that is: after the words 84 shall be expended,"
i the words " for a workshop." ji
1 Mr. SOLLERS. 1 withdraw my motion to |j
strike out, and offer that amendment; and I also !;
move to amend by striking out the words " of a ||
' workshop," in the larfer part of the clause, and !j
inserting m heu thereof the words " of the same." j]
The clause as it would stand, if amended, was
then read, as follows:
For the election and repair of huildinss for the improve- |
, ment and preservation of the ground*, and for contingencies j;
at the NavM Academy at Annaiioh-., Maryland, "/«• ||
Piotutefi, That no pair of thi* sum shall be expended ior a 11
woilohnp until a contract with secunt\, to b<- approved by |
, the riecretaty of the Na\y. be entesed m'o tor the com pie- J]
I tion of the same, at a sum not exceeding !$5,UOO, and herein j i
provided for. ; j
I The amendments were then agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer this amend- tj
ment, to come in at the end of the clause just read: ■'
For the purchase of l.atiow's planetarium for the use of!,
the Naval Academy at Amvipoli*, ,<\ty>00. ; j
I offer the amendment under tffe direction of i•
the Committee of Ways and Means. It will be i
recollected by the committee, thut a similar pro- il
, vision was passed m the Army bill for ihe Military ;!
■ Academy at West Point. This instrument is ij
much more important for a naval school than it is 1'
for a military one. !,
The amendment v/as agreed to. % j(
; Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, if my propo-;i
sition should meet with the approbation of my ji
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Piieips,] who hash
charge of this bill, I move that the committee do
now rise. ji
The motion was agreed to. n
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Jones, <3f Tennessee, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, the Chairman of the commit-
tee reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, particularly House bill
No. 97, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BRIDG-ES moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at twenty-five minutes
past three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till to-mor-
row at eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 26, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TheSPEAKER appointed the following gentle-
men as a committee of conference, on the part of
the House, to meet a like committee of the Senate
on the disagreeing votes on the amendments of the
Senate to the Indian appropriation bill: Messrs.
Houston, Haven, and Grow.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion submitted by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Jones,] to discharge the Com-
mute on the Post Office and Post Roads from the#
further consideration of certain memorials sent to
that committee, with a view to send the said
memorials to the Committee on Public Lands,
and on that proposition the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] has the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from Virginia give way to me for one
moment ?
Mr/LETCHER. 1 will for a moment.
CLERK TO INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to allow the
special committee, appointed day before yester-
day, a clerk for a few days, at the usual rate of
compensation.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is impossible for the
committee to get along without a clerk. 1 move
to suspend the rules, to enable me to introduce a
resolution to that effect.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. LETCHER. I merely yielded the floor
to hear the proposition of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, and if there was no objection to it, to allow
him to introduce it. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will only remark,
that if the gentleman from Virginia yields the floor
for the purpose of allowing the gentleman from
Illinois to submit the motion, he loses the floor
altogether.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is there any objection to
my propsition?
The SPEAKER. A half dozen gentlemen ob-
ject, on different sides of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I cannot yield the
floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
'Virginia will yield me the floor for a moment to
make a suggestion to the House.
Mr. LETCHER, (yield.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 wish to say a word in rela-
tion to the business to be transacted to-day. t
desire, as soon as 1 can get the floor for that pur-
pose, to submit a motion that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
and proceeding with the consideration of the
Navv appropriation hill. It is important that the
Semite should have it soon, m order to commence
their deliberations upon it; and I believe that in
the course of two hours, if the House will go
into committee, w e can dispose of that bill. I am
very desirous of taking it up before motions are
entertained to suspend the rules, for the purpose
of putting bills upon their passage. 1 hope the
