1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1068
matters of this nature have been given ? It proves
that such objects were considered by the conven-
tion as appertaining; to local legislation only, that
they were not comprehended, either expressly or
by implication, in the grant of general power to
Congress, and that, consequently, they remained
with the several States.
The general result at which I have arrived is
the necessary consequence of those views of the
relative rights, poweis, and duties of the States
ogid of the Federal Government which I have long
entertained, and often expressed, and in reference
to which my convictions do but increase in force
with time and experience.
I have thus discharged the unwelcome duty of
respectfully statingmy objections to thisbill, with
 hich I cheerfully submit the whole subject to the
wisdom of Congress.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, May 3, 1854.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to submit two motions to
the Senate. The first is, that the communication
winch has just been read he on the table, and be
printed^ It is usual also, 1 believe, to enter such
communications on the Journal.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is the first thine to be
done.
Mr, HUNTER. The Senator from Vermont
has made no motion for the printing of extra
numbers. I wish to submit that along with his
motion. We ought to have an extra number
primed. That has always been usual iu such
cases.
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator from Virginia
designate the number?
Mr. HUNTER. I move that ten thousand
additional copies be printed.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator can make that as an
independent motion. If his proposition were to
print asmalier number, say two thousand, I would
accept it as a modification of my motion to piint
the message for the use of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will adhere to the motion to print the number
which he has designated. This is a very import-
ant document, and should be generally diffused
among the people. I look upon it as a matter of
more consequence than any which we have had
before us at this session. I trust the proposition
to print ten thousand copies wiil be adhered to.
Mr. FOOT. That can be done, but I do not
wish to accept that as a modification of my motion
to print.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair ) The message will be entered on the
Journal, as a matter of course. Thefirstquestion
is on the motion that the message be ordered to
lie on the table, and be piiuted.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 
Seveial Senators. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. BROWN. The motion to print is debat-
able.
Mr. HUNTER. The suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont is, that I shall submit my
proposition as a separate motion after his shall
have been disposed of. I will do so.
The motion of Mr. Foot was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that ten thou-
and additional copies of the message be printed.
Mr. BROWN. That is a debatable question,
I presume
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, of course I do
not wish to say a word as to the number of copies
of this message which should he printed. I would
as soon vote for the printing of twenty thousand
as for printing ten thousand copies. I have no
doubt that every reading man in the country will
examine the message, and examine it with great
care. But I think it is due to those who voted
for this bill that something shall go out with the
message to arrest public attention, and induce the
public mind to pause, before it comes to too hasty
a conclusion, as to the correctness of the doctrines
set forth in that paper. 1 ceitainly do notintendto
undertake an answer to a carefully prepared State
paper, upon merely hearing it read attheSecretary's
desk. This, however, is not the first time that
the subject of giving lands for the benefit of the
insane has been before the Senate. It was here,
according to the record which lies before me, in
1851, and, after an elaborate discussion, the bill
then passed the Senate by a majority of more than
two to one. I have the yeas and nays before me.
On that occasion the yeas were 36, and the nays
J6. That the Senate may understand who it was
that voted in favor of the bill at that time, I ask
leave to read the list of yeas and nays. The yeas
were:
" Messrs. Badger. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Chase, Clark, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton. Downs, Ewing, Gieerie,
Hale, Hamlin, Milior, Morion, Norrif, Puarce, Phelps,
Pratt, Kufk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruauce,
Stutgoon, Underwood, Upliam, and Walea—36."
The nays were:
i( Messrs. Atchison, Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foleh, Gwm, Houston, Hun-
tei, Jon^s, King, Mason, llbett, Turney, Walker, and
Y ulce—16."
It will be seen by an analysis of the vote that
some of the most rigidly strict constructionists of
the Constitution ate recorded in favor of the bill;
among them are two gentlemen who have received
the highest mark of the President's consideration—
Mr. Borland and Mr. Soule. They are strict
constructionists of the southern school; and they
have both been sentabroad on misstonsof the first
class. I mention this lact simply that the country
may be induced to pause before it comes to too
hasty a conclusion in refeience to this subject.
During the present session of Congress the bill
has been under consideration in the House of
Representatives. On its passage the yeas were
8J, nays 53. It was discussed there. It was cer-
tainly not hastily passed. After having been
before Congress for several years, and after being
pretty elaborately discussed at this session, and at
former sessions, it has passed the House, if not
by a majority of two to one, cettuiuly by a very
heavy majority. My experience is, that in the ,
House they divide pretty closely upon almost!
every question of general interest. I find among |
the yeas many gentlemen of acknowledged ability, ;
strict constructionists of the Constitution, good :
Demociats, men who have never been suspected j
of faltering in the support of the Constitution, or i
of Democratic principles. The same bill was !
under consideration in the Senate during this ses- \
sion, and though the Senate then was not so full
as it was in ld51, when the former vote was taken, ■
the bill passed this body a second tune bv a ma-
jority of over two to one. The vote was 25 to 12. i
The yeas upon the occasion of its passage were: j
" Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Chj««?e, Clayton, Daw- !
son, Dodge of Wisconsin, Everett, Fesspmlen, Fi*h, F"oi, j
Geyei. Gvvin, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Tenn^see, Mor- j
ton, Kn>k, Si'w.ud, Sh-ehUs Stuart, Huuiuei, Thompson of !
Kentucky, Wade.- and Walker—2.)."
The nays were:
** Messis. Adaina, Atchison, Butler, Cats., Clay, Dodgo
of Iowa, Douglas, Fitzpnii ick, Mason, Peitit, Wellej, and
Williams—12."
I do not say, sir, that after these votes the
| President was bound to approve the bill against
| his views of constitutional propriety, lam very
i far from finding any fault with him for having
i sent m this veto. But again I say, that, looking
to votes like these, the country ought to pause
before it comes to a hasty conclusion in reference
to the soundness of the views-which the President
has put forth. It i - no light thing, for a measure
after passing the Senate twice by a majority of
more than two to one, and after passing the
House of Representative* by a majority of nearly
two to one, to encounter an Executive veto. If it
had passed hastily, or without due consideration,
it would not surprise any one if the President
should arrest it. But the bill before us, as we all
know, was discussed in both Houses of Congress,
at this and at former sessions.
I Krtid before that I did not mean to attempt an
answer to the arguments of the President, after
having merely hentd his message read. Some of
the arguments, I confess, struck me as having
force in them. Some others seemed to me to have
but little force. This, perhaps, arose from the
fact that I had heard them on many occasions
before, and having become accustomed to them, I
did not regard them with the same consideration
that I would something new.
The President, in the outset of the message,
admits that this is a measure of great humanity,
and one which commends itself to the warmest
sympathies of his heart. I am glad he said so,
because I apprehend that the sentiment will find
a response in the heart of every American citizen,
of every friend of humanity, whether he resides
north or south, east or west. The President says
that eleemosynary objects or purposes are not
among those which are provided for in the Con-
stitution. So they are not in express terms; but
does Congress never legislate upon any subject in
regard to which it has not been expressly author-
ized to legislate? If not, I want to know where
we get our authority to legislate for school pur-
poses? The President makes an argument to
show by implication that we have the power to do
that. All the grants that have been made from
time to time for school purposes are sanctioned
by the Constitution, according to his construction
of it; and yet, sir, you may read the instrument
from one end to the other, and find no specific
power to make grants for school purposes. If
the President will point to the clause which au-
thorizes grants of land to colleges, I will show
him the clause which authorizes the grant pro-
posed in this bill.
But, says the President, if we legislate for the
benefit of the insane, where are we to stop? _ Are
we to carry our benevolence so far as to legislate
for the protection of all other indigent or unfortu-
nate classes? This, you will see at once, is not
an argument which can touch the question of
power, but itis simply an argument which reaches
the question of the exercise of power. If you
have authority to do this, it may follow that you
have the power to do something else; but it does
not follow that because you do this, ycu ought
therefore to do something else, if you have the
power to make an appropriation of land for the
protection and benefit of the indigent insane, it
may follow that you have the power to make an
appropriation of land for the protection and benefit
of the indigent who are not insane. But if you
exercise the power m the one case, it does not
necessarily follow that you must exercise it in the
othrr.
The President seems to think that in this matter
the States will be brought to bow to the authority
of Congress. I do not think so When my
State and yours, Mr. President, (Mr, Bright oc-
cupying the chair,) accepted donations of land for
school purposes, for common schools, and for
schools of a higher grade, did it ever enter into
your head or mine that our States were thereby
humiliated,and were bowing as paupers, and beg-
gars, and mendicants, to the authority of Con-
gress? No, sir; we felt that we were receiving a
part of that which belonged to us, that we were
not beggars, but that Congress was giving its
assent to our exercising exclusive jurisdiction over
a part of that which belonged to' us in common
with our fellow-citizens of all the States.
The President seems also to be apprehensive
that if we go on legislating in this way, we shall
dry up all the sources of benevolence in the States,
and that the people of the States, instead of taking
care of their indigent insane, their poor, their
blind, and their lame, will habitually look to Con-
gress for the protection of those classes. I think
not. With as much justice mig'n you Ray that,
if you receive land from the Government for the
education, in part, of your children, this will in-
I duce the States to look to Congress for the means
' of educating all the children. Did it ever enter
into your mind, sir, when Congress granted your
State the sixteenth section of land in each town-
ship for school purposes, that, by the State ac-
cepting it, you were in danger of becoming men-
dicants, begging Congress to make appropriations
for the education of all the children in your State?
I apprehend there is no more danger of our be-
coming beggars at the footstool of Congress for
the supporPof our indigent insane, our indigent
blind, and our poor of every class, if we accept
a grant like this, than there has been that we
should become beggars of Congress to educate
ail our children, because, in days gone by, we
accepted aid from Congress to educate a part of
them.
But, sir, the President further tells us that this
bill is in violation of the public faith. And why?
Because the land stands mortgaged for the re-
demption of our public debt. With all due respect
for the President, I must say that this argument
does not strike my mind with great force. You
have more money in the Treasury now than will
satisfy all the demands against it. Your Secre-
tary of the Treasury is out in the market, con-
stantly buying up, at a large premium, the bonds
