354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
be offered by the Committee on Indian Affairs
will not require five minutes for'their disposition.
They can be understood immediately. The object
of them is to protect the rights of the Indians.
They need no time, no delay for their considera-
tion. So far as the Committee on Indian Affairs
are concerned they do not wish any delay; they
prefer to have the matter decided.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I so understood the purpose
of that committee, and I did not intend to reflect
on them at all.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The amendments which
are intended to be offered by the Committee on
Indian Affairs are already reduced to form, and
are very slight and unimportant; they are mere
matters of detail, and I am ready, as chairman of
that committee, to offer them at any time; and if
there be no pending amendments before the Sen-
ate I will offer them now.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone. *
Mr. SEWARD. I will suggest to the Senator
from Arkansas that he can offer his amendments
informally, and have them laid upon the table and
printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Is there any amendment
now before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. There is an amendment
pending, offered by the Senator from Illinois, to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Territories as a substitute.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I will ask the con-
sent of the Senate to enable me now to offer inform-
ally, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, the
amendments which I intend, at the proper time,
to submit. In the first place, our proposition is to
strike out the nineteenth, twentieth, thirty-ninth,
and fortieth sections of the substitute reported by i
the Committee on Territories. They make an ap-
propriation of $100,000 for one Territory, and
$200,000 for the other, to enable the President to
commence negotiations with the Indians for the
extinguishment of their title to lands within the
limits of the proposed Territories. These are the
provisions of the nineteenth arid thirty-ninth sec-
tions. The twentieth and fortieth sections pio-
vide for vesting the Governors of each Territory
with the duties of Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs. The proposition of the Committee on In-
dian Affaiis, therefore, is to strike outthe sections
which contain the appropriations to which I have
referred, and to strikeout the provision conferring
the office of Superintendent of Indian Affairs upon
the Governors; and, in order to supply the defect
which will be created by that action, to offer a
provision that the exercise of the functions of the
administration of Indian affairs shall be continued
by the superintendences and agencies now estab-
lished by law. That provision will be in the shape
of an additional section, as follows:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all treaties,
laws, am! other engagements made by the Government of
the United States with the J iidiati tribes inhabiting the Ter-
ritory embraced within llii* bill shall be faithfully and rig-
idly observed, notwithstanding anything contained m tins
act; and that the existing agencies ami supernitendeitcies
of said Indians be continued with the same powers and du-
ties which are now prescribed by law, except that the Pies-
ident of the United States may, at his di-cteuon, change
the locations of the otfice of Superintendent.
If the bill is to be postponed, I shall ask that the
amendments be now punted informally. If the
bill be not postponed, I shall offer these amend-
ments to-day, alter the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois shall be disposed of.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Arkansas a question: Do I understand hitn
aright when I understand him to propose to amend
the bill so as to deprive the President of the
United States of the power of negotiating with the
Indians in Nebraska for the cession of their lands
to the United States?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Two of the sections which
I propose to strike out confer expressly upon the
President the power to negotiate with the Indians
within the respective Territories. So far as that
provision is concerned, it is mere surplusage. Tiie
law, as it now exists, empowers the President, at
all times, to negotiate with the Indians. But, to
answer the Senator from Delaware more fully, I
will say that, although we propose to strikeout
those.sections of the bill which confer upon the
President the power to negotiate, and which make
an appropriation to enable him to carry out that
power; yet we expect, at the earliest moment, to
offer to the appropriation- bill provisions cdntain-
ing the appropriations which we deem suitable for
the purpose. I will remark, further, that if the
appropriations now contained in these sections are
retained, and are intended merely to apply to the
object of enabling the President to open negotiations
with the Indians, they are far too large. If, on the
contrary, the object is to enable him to carry out
the treaties that may be made, the appropriations
are entirely too small.
Mr. CLAYTON. I was, perhaps, not under-
stood by the honorable Senator; but if I do under-
stand him, lam glad to hear that the sections
which propose to negotiate the Indians out of the
reservations made in their favor, in what is called
the Territory of Nebraska, are to be left out.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is true.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am glad of it, because I
think that will remove a very great objection to the
•bill itself—an objection which would have been
fatal with me if there had been no amendment.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I believe it is
always the custom when a bill is presented hete
by a committee to allow that committee to perfect
the measure for the consideration of the Senate, i
Now, if I understand the honorable Senator from ,
Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee on ]
Territories, and that committee have no objection
to this amendment, therefore it is part of the sys-
tem of perfecting the bill. We wish the bill to
be perfected, so that it can be brought directly
before the Senate for its consideration, as the par-
ticular bill upon which we shall be called upon to
vote.
There are some Senators here who do not in-
tend to speak on this question at all, but they
intend to vote. I am one of them. I have noth-
ing to say in regard to the question at all. I am
prepared to vote, and I do not think it necessary
to give the reasons for my vote. It is very plain
to my mind how I should vote, and I shall not
trouble the Senate with my reasons. I am anx-
ious to vote on these preliminary questions; and
inasmuch as I knew there would be a great many
speeches, I thought it would be one of the best
occasions which I could have to attend to some
little private business out of the city. I thought
that if we could get through with the preliminary
votes to-day, discussion could afterwards go on
upon-the general subject,and I should then be en-
abled to be absent for several days without losing
any time. I hope the bill will be perfected, so
that it shall be brought before the Senate in the
form in which it is to be pressed to a final vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So far as the provisions of
this bill relate to Indian affairs, of course the
Committee on Territories will at once accede to
whatever provisions the Committee on Indian
Affairs shall deem proper for the protection of the
rights of the Indians. We take it for grunted that
they have given that subject the due deliberation
which its importance requires, and of course the
Committee on Territories will at once accede to
the, recommendations of that committee on that
branch of the subject. If it is the desire of the
Senate to act now upon the amendments of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, I will withdraw my
amendment temporarily, and merely hiy it upon the
table informally, as one which I intend to offer,
and then the Senate can proceed with the amend-
ments of the Senator from Arkansas. I modify
the motion in that way, and ask for an order to
print my proposed amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Senator with-
draws his amendment, and submits it informally,
and asks that it may be printed ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. 1 withdraw my motion to post-
pone.
The amendment of Mr. Douolas was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand now that
the amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Territories is, for the occasion,
withdrawn. I therefore move formally now the
amendment which I have already submitted, to
strike out the nineteenth and twentieth, and also
the thirty-ninth and fortieth sections of the sub-
stitute, which are as follows:
Cl Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he hereby i«, authonzed
to enter into negotiation with the Indian tnbe« of tiie ^aid
T< iritory of Nebraska, for rhepurpose of>eeuringthe assent
of t-aul tribes to the settlement of the citizens of the United
States upon tiie lands claimed by said Indians, and tor the
purpose of extinguishing the title of said Indian tribes in
whole or in part to said land?; and that, for the purpose ot
carrying into effect the provisions ot this section, the >um ot
{§100,000 is hereby appiopuated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropuated.
"Sec. *20. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so soon as
the Governor of said Territory ot Nebraska bhall enter upon
the discharge of his duties as such, the superintendence ot
Indian affairs at St. Louis, in the State ot Missouri, shall
be aboh&hed, and the duties shall be tiansferred to and per-
formed by the said Governor of Nebraska, so tar as they
relate to, or are to be performed within ihe said Territory."
"Sec. 39. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States be, arid he hereby is, authorized to
enter into negotiation with the Indian tribes ot the said
Territoiy of Kan-as, for the purpose of seeunng the as-
sent of said tribes to the settlement of the citizens of the
United States upon the lands claimed b> said Indian.", and
for the purpose of extinguishing the title of «aid Indian
tribes m whole or in part to said lands; and that, for the
purpose of earn ma: into effect the provisions ot tins sec-
tion, the sum of .4.21)0,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Tiea&ury nototherwi.-e appropriated.
u Sec. 40. Jlnd be it fuithei cnacted. That so soon as
the Governor of said Tetritory ot Kansas shall enter upon
the discharge of his duties as such, tiie «uperintpndency of
Indian affairs at St. Louis, in the State of Mi^soun, shall
be aboh.-hed, and the duties shall he transferred to and per-
formed by the said Governor ot Kansas, so far as the same
relate to, or are to be performed within the said Territory,"
—and to insert in lieu of them the following ad-
ditional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all treaties, laws,
an<i other engagements mode by the Government of the
United States with the Indian tribes inhabiting the terri-
toiy embraced wuhin this bill, shall be faithfully and rigidly
oti^ei ved, notwithstanding anything contained m this act,
and that the existing agencies and superintendences of said
Indians be continued, with the same powers and duties
which are now pu^enbed by law, except thatthe President
of the U mred States may, at his discretion, change the loca-
tions of ihe office ofsupcrmtendent.
A word of explanation is clue, probably, to the
Senate, m order to state the reasons why the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have deemed it proper to
recommend the striking1 out of the nineteenth,
twentieth,thirty-ninth,and fortieth sectionsof the
substitute reported by the Committee on Territo-
ries.
The subject-matter embraced in the nineteenth
and twentieth sections in relation to Nebraska,
and the corresponding1 thirty-ninth and fortieth
sections in reference to Kansas, contain appropri-
ations to enable the President to extinguish the
Indian title to the lands in those Territories. That
whole subject, embracing the policy which is to
be maintained by this Government towards the
Indians in the future, the relations which are to
subsist between the United States and the Indians,
and, in fact, the whole subject of the administra-
tion of Indians affairs in general, is before the
Committee on Indian Affairs at this time.
The committee are maturing a policy which
they wish to submit to the Senate at a very early
day, and that policy directly affects the terms and
the conditions upon which the title of the Indians
to the lands guaranteed to them by treaty, within
the proposed limits of these Territories, is to be
extinguished. We propose, therefore, for the
purpose of leaving the discussions and investiga-
tions of that committee free and untrammeled in
relation to the subject-matter of these sections,
that they be entirely withdrawn from the bill; be-
cause to the extent that this bill may make pro-
vision upon that subject, it will interfere with, and
to the same extent ciamp, the hands of the com-
mittee in the provisions which they expect to sub-
mit for the consideration of the Senate hereafter.
We thought it more appropriate, therefore, that
the bill should be perfected in this body, and go
i to the other House free, at present, from those
subjects which are extraneous to it; and that it
should provide merely for those matters of legis-
lation which are usual in the constitution and
frame of territorial bills; and that so much of it
as embraces the policy which this Government
in future is to maintain towards the Indians in
general, and particularly towards the tribes em-
braced within the limits of these Territories, shall
be a subject for future discussion. It is with that
object alone that I am instructed to move the
striking out of these sections.
The amendment to strike out the nineteenth and
twentieth sections was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question will now
be on the remainder of the amendment, to strike
out the thirty-ninth and fortieth sections, and
insert in lieu of them the additional section which
has been read.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, if I under-
stand it, I entirely approve the object of the
