1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I«85
complete language as is the Senator's power to
vote for or against the bill when it is before him.
The Constitution provides that " every bill which
shall have passed the House of Representatives
and the Senate, shall, before it become a law, be
submitted to the President of the United States;
if he approve it, he shall sign it; but if not, he
shall return it, with his objections." That is what
he has done. 1 say, this power in the President
is as fuil, ample, complete, and unrestrained (and
was intended to be) as that of the Senator from
Vermont, or any other member of either branch
of the Legislature, to vote for or against the bill,
according to his judgment of its constitutionality
and expediency. The language of the Constitu-
tion is broad. It gives the President the veto
power in as clear terms as it grants the legislative
power to the two Houses of Congress.
I say, sir, that this message promises to put the
administration of this great national fund, the pub-
lic domain, upon the sound basis to which 1 have
alluded. I trust the Senate will give it that delib-
eration which the Constitution intended that it
should have. The effect of the veto is only to sub-
mit the bill to amore severe scrutiny, and a calmer
consideration and deliberation of this body . The
gentleman says it has passed the Senate twice; but
this is the first time that it has been submitted to
the President. This branch of Congress and the
other may have passed it once before. 1 think it
has passed, as a great many other measures have,
which have not met my approbation, and that of
a great many other gentlemen. Oftentimes, busi-
ness is conducted in such a way that some of us
cannot raise these greatquestions. The grave and
important considerations which are urged by the
President of the United States, have not been
brought before even many gentlemen or this body.
I doubt not that many of them, on a calm review,
when the prospect is held out of putting the ad-
ministration of the public lands on some sound,
constitutional basis, will abandon their own pre-
vious course, and concur in placing it upon a basis
more conformable to the Constitution of the United
States. When the Senate think proper to take up
this question, I shall desire to be heard fully in
vindication of the principles set forth in the mes-
sage.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to discuss this
subject, but I wish simply to say, what I believe
is the fact, that the measure which has been
brought to the attention of the Senate by the Pres-
ident of the United States, has never received the
deliberate consideration of this body. 1 think
that,considering its magnitude and the importance
of the doctrines involved in the question, it has
been less discussed than almost any measure of
consequence. I doubt very much whether, at the
time it was brought before the Senate, public at-
tention could have been so far arrested as to have
resulted in such a discussion as would produce
much good. I say this much, in justification of
the Senate, or rather of those Senators who may
think proper to review their vote or decision, for
judgment I will not call it. The President of the
United States, as the trustee of all the people of
the United States, has thought proper to exercise
his acknowledged constitutional power, and it has
brought a very grave issue before the Senate—one
upon which, 1 think, it ought to pronounce its
deliberate judgment, after a full discussion—what,
in fact, I believe will be, for the first time, a full
discussion upon this subject. I say this much in
justification of the President: I do not think the
subject has ever been discussed, either in this or
in the other branch of Congress as fully as it
should be. There have been so many tributary
streams swelling the tide of Federal power in re-
lation to the distribution of the public lands, that
it is time, I think, some interposition should be
made by some Department of the Government to
arrest It. I do not know whether it will be ar-
rested or not, but I hope it will. I do not believe
the subject ever has been discussed as it should
be in this body or in the other House; and when
it shall receive a full discussion from those who
honestly differ in regard to the doctrine involved
in the message, I shall abide by the decision; but
I have never been satisfied with the apparent
judgment which has been pronounced by either
branch of Congress on this measure.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, it is notmy pur-
pose to enter into any discussion of the principles
embraced in the message which hasjustbeen read
to the Senate, but I rise to move that its further
consideration be postponed until Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion to print ten thousand copies, and that must
be first disposed of.
Mr. DIXON. As I am up, I will remark that
I do not concur in the views expressed by the
President, or the reasons given by him for with-
holding his signature to the bill; and I shall take
occasion, before the question is disposed of, to
give to the Senate and to the country the reasons
why I do not. The President iias taken the
ground that Congress has no constitutional power
to give the public lands to the States for benevo-
lent purposes, and contends that if Congress has
the power to do it for one purpose it may for
another, and that all such donations are usurpa-
tions of the Federal Government of the rights of
the States. The power of Congress to dispose of
the public lands is expressly given by the Con-
stitution. It u may dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the terri-
tory or other property belonging to the United
States." How the territories or other property
belonging to "the United States is to be disposed
of, and tor what purposes, the Constitution does
not say. The territories or lands of the United
States are held by the Federal Government in
trust for the benefit of the States and for all the
people of the United States; and any donation of
them, which is for the general benefit, is not only
strictly in conformity with the purposes of the trust,
but unquestionably within the powers granted to
Congress under the Constitution. I cannot per-
ceive how it is that the donating the public lands
to the States for purposes wise and benevolent
can be considered by the President a usurpation
of the rights of the States. To usurp is to seize
upon something wrongfully which belongs to an-
other; but when the bill proposes to give to the
States, and not to take from them, I am wholly
at a loss to understand how and upon what prin-
ciple the President reconciles it to the idea of the
Federal Government usurping the rights of the
sovereign States—1 have yet to learn that Con-
gress has no power to legislate for the benefit of
the people, or that all donations of lands or money
for their benefit were in violation of State rights
and of the Federal Constitution. There is no
Senator on this floor who will go further to main-
tain the rights of the States, as reserved to them
by the Federal Constitution, than I will; but to
maintain that the Congress has no power to make,
and the State governments no power to receive,
such donations as are contemplated in the bill
which the President has returned, with his objec-
tions, to the Senate, is, in my judgment, uphold-
ing the rights of the States with a vengeance. I
am no latitudinarian in the construction of the
Federal Constitution, and perhaps would go as
far as any Senator on this floor in maintaining
the constitutional rights of the States, and of
keeping separate and apart the powers which
properly belong to the Federal Government and
those justly appertaining to the States. But I
cannot understand how it is that, if the Federal
Government can exercise the constitutional power
of making a grant of lands for one benevolent
object, it may not do it for another. It has ap-
propriated lands for roads and canals; it has
donated, in effect, a large amount of the public
lands to assist a State in paying off her public
debt; it has appropriated lands to educational pur-
poses in the States in which the lands lie; it has
given them to States within which they do not he
for similar purposes; it has appropriated large
sums of money to the building of marine hospitals
in different States, to minister to the wants and
comforts of the unfortunate and wretched class of
citizens described in the different acts making the
appropriations. It has given, time and again,
large sums of money, and large portions of the
public lands, for other purposes—some benevolent
and some speculative, and all without any express
grant of power under the Federal Constitution;
and now, when we are about to vote away thou-
sands and thousands of acres of the public domain
to alt such as may settle on them, whether they
be citizens or foreigners, we are gravely told by
the President that a grant, by Congress, of a por-
tion of this same public domain, for an object the
most humane and the most benevolent, and which
appeals most strongly to the sympathies of every
heart capable of feeling for the misfortunes of the
most unhappy of mankind, is interdicted by the
spirit of the Constitution, and a violation of the
rights and an encroachment on the sovereignty of
the States.
I will, at a proper time, take occasion to present
to the Senate the reasons why, in my opinion,
the bill which has not received the sanction 6f the
President is strictly in conformity with the Consti-
tution of the country, and strictly in harmony
with the uniform legislation of Congress. I think
I shall be able to demonstrate this, at least I hop©
to be able to do so, and to show that this bill, be-
nevolent in its purposes, is strictly in conformity
with the principles on which this Government has
heretofore acted, and strictly in conformity with
the great principles upon which it should act under
the Constitution of the United 19fotes. But, as I
before remarked, it is not my purpose now to
discuss the question. I merely wished to define
my position in relation to it, as it is now presented
to the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, very great grati-
fication has been expressed by two or three hon-
orable Senators upon this occasion, and it has
been said that now we may have some hope of
bringing this Government within the pale and
limns of the Constitution in disposing of this great
common fund, the public domain of the country.
One honorable Senator, I believe, alluded to what
we have often heard stated upon this floor by
several Senators, that our appropriation of the
public lands heretofore has been waatefu). Either
the same, or another Senator, has said to-day,
that it had been upon no principle. The Senator
from Virginia, now congratulates the Senate and
the country that weare to have this question made
upon some great moral principle, to bring back
the exercise of the powers of this Government in
relation to this great national fund within the limits
of the Constitution, and in conformity with its
principles. Now, I wish some of those honor-
able Senators to tell me in what has consisted this
great, irregular, unconstitutional waste of the pub-
lic lands; and upon what do they found this ex-
traordinary gratification on this occasion at the
prospect of having a change, for I suppose, from
what has been said, that they propose a change in
the practice of the Government in relation to the
appropriation of the public lands.
1 do not mean to cite the occasional appropria-
tions which have been heretofore made of the pub-
lic lands with a view to rely upon them; such, for
example, as the township of land to Connecticut
to found an institution for the instruction of the
deaf and dumb in 1819, and a similar appropria-
tion to Kentucky, at a subsequent period in 1826.
Take out all these occasional appropriations, ex-
cludethem entirelyfrom theargument, throw them
aside as being irregular, and what do we find ? 1
may say here, in passing, that such appropriations
as these constitute a very smtf)l,and almost invisi-
blefraction of the enormous amount of the public
land which has been appropriated. I have not ex-
amined the reports o|^ public document from the
Departments in relation to the subject, but I know
it is said that a hundred millions of acres of the
public lands have heretofore been appropriated
—not sold, and the money paid into the Treasury;
but this large quantity of land has been given to
the States in which the lands lie for the purposes
of education, and for the purpose of aiding them
in the construction of works of internal improve-
ment. It was only a few years ago, as you know,
sir, that we appropriated seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of land, with scarcely any debate
or controversy in the Senate, for the construction
of a canal around the falls at the Sault St. Mary
—to overcome obstructions in the straits, between
Lake Huron and Lake Superior.
The great mass of these appropriations has
been for the support of internal improvements,
and for laying the foundations of a system of
schools and education in the new States. Then
again they have received large grants of swamp
lands; but take them out of view, regard them as
not constituting one of the items about which the
old States should complain; suppose they should
amount to twenty or thirty millions of acres, still
there would remain sixty or seventy-five millions
of acres which have been voted away for the gen-
eral purposes which I have enumerated—for in-
ternal improvements and educational purposes in
the new States. ^ *
I say, that taking out of the calculation alto-
