1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
amendment. The honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas said he would agree to strike out these
provisions in the bill, in order that they might in
future become subjects of discussion here, I do
not know that this subject will ever be discussed
again; but if the proposition shall ever be made
■while I am here to drive these Indians, who have
heretofore been expelled from the States this side
of the Mississppi river, from the territory to
which they emigrated in the year 1830, in opposi-
tion to all the treaties which we have made with
them, 1 shall be ready to meet any person in de-
bate who contends that they ought to be driven
from this, which I consider their final resting
place.
I am glad that the provisions in the bill upon
this subject are about to be stricken out. We are
under treaty stipulations with these Indians. 1
remember well when those treaties were entered
into by the Senate of the United States in years
gone by, when I was a member of the body.
Under tiiese treaties, guarantees, of the most ex-
plicit and of the strongest character, were given to
the Indians that they should never be interfered
with or embraced within any State or Territory.
1 trust we shall be permitted now to let these treaties j
remain in force. The bill,as I understand it, will, ,
by the adoption of this amendment, be fiee from j
all objections touching the Indians. 1 hope that '
no effort will be made hereafter to disturb them in i
the possess,on of their territory, which has been :
guarantied to them by treaties. (
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. T understand that the amend- |
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs apply '
to both Territories—Nebraska and Kansas. '
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly; they apply to j
both Territories. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the bill before stood, the 1
Governor of each Territory was made not only j
Goveinor, but Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
and was allowed a salary of $1,500 for each capa- J
city. Inasmuch as thesupenntendence of Indian !
affairs is taken from him by the amendment j
which has just been adopted, of course it will be j
necessary to amend the bill; for the sum of $1,500 I
per annum will not be sufficient for the salary of |
the Governor of a Territory. I move, therefore, I
to amend the substitute by striking out the pro-
vision for each Territory, "that the Governor
shall receive $1,500 as such, and #1,500 as Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs," and to insert in lieu
of it a provision that the salary of the Governor
shall be $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. At the suggestion of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, all the appropria-
tions have been stricken out of the bill, except
two small ones, I believe; and I now move to
strike out all the appropriations in the bill. As
part of the appropriations are to be left to the de-
ficiency bill, or to one of the general appropria-
tion bills, I prefer that all shall be together. I
move, therefore, to strike out all the appropria-
tions now contained in the substitute reported by
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now renew theamendment
to the fourteenth section, which I withdrew be-
fore.
Mr. BADGER. Now, Mr. President, T move
that the further consideration of the bill be^post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate now to
take up the bill to aid the Territory of Minne-
sota in constructing a railroad for military, postal, !
and other purposes, reported from the Committee
on Territories. It is a bill making precisely the
same grant and in the same terms as that made by ,
the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin, to aid the
Srate of Wisconsin in the construction of a rail-
road from Chicago to Lake Superior. j
Mr. JOHNSON". I hope the Senate will pro- |
ceed to the consideration of that bill. There will i
be no debate in regard to it. There has been none j
in regard to those which have been before us here- :
to fore. It is for a Territory, and aTerritory has no (
representative on this floor. It has been reported j
by the Committee on Territories, and it is framed j
in exact accordance with the model adopted, after 1
r
full consideration, by the Committee on Public
Lands of this and the other House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole pioceeded to consider
the bill.
The Secretary was proceeding with the reading
of the bill at length, when
Mr. JOHNSON said ; The bill is precisely in
the form of ail preceding bills having like objects.
It has been made to conform to the strictest regu-
lations which have been adopted on full considera- j
tion by the committees of both Houses. They 1
have acted jointly in this matter; and as the pro-
visions of the bill are the same as are contained in
the others, I see no necessity for reading it at
length. Any question which may be asked 1 will j
answer.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to know whether this
bill proposes to allow the lauds to be selected any-
where?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; not except within the |
fifteen milesof the road—that is, outside of the six,
and withm nine miles. Beyond that they cannot
go anywhere in the Territory at all. It is not de-
signed in any of these railroad bills to allow them
to go outside of the fifteen miles. This bill is
identical with the bill which passed here the other
day, which, I take it, was the most restricted form
that ever was adopted. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the bill, because we have
had all the residue before. The only thing in which
the other bills* differ from this, is the description i
of the route, and that 1ms been read already.
By unanimous consent the reading of the bill
was dispensed with.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to interpose any
objections to this bill; but what I would suggest
to the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, is the propiiety of taking up all
these railroad bills together. 1 have voted for
every one which has passed, I believe. I think
no better disposition of the public lands can be j
made. My opinion is that the policy ought to be j
adopted by this Government to encourage in
every way, where she has public lands, railroads
for the general benefit of the country. It im-
proves the value of the land. I should, however,
be glad to see the bills all come up together, other-
wise one section gets the advantage of another,
and one bill gets the advantage of another. My
object is to suggest to my honorable friend from
Aikansas the propriety of taking up these bills
altogether, and making them special orders for
some particular time.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will answer the honorable
Senator from Texas thus: It will take but a mo-
ment more now to pass this bill. In regard to
what he suggests of bringing them all up together,
it cannot be done. They are not made the special j
ordei; and if we were inclined to make them the j
special oiders, they could nutcorae up for months
to come. They ought to go to the House of
Representatives as early as possible. In regard
to the difficulty, or feeling, that may be created
from the fact that one bill is brought forward be-
fore another, I will say that it is utterly impossi-
ble that they can be legislated upon in any other
way than by bringing one bill up before another.
Any jealousy that may exist in relation to the
mere priority of introduction and passage of a
bill is not worthy of consideration. I shall not
press any bill for my own State, nor attempt to
get any priority for it; but this is a territorial bill,
and if any should have priority, itshould be given
by the Senate to the region of country and the
people that have no Representative upon this
floor. We can now pass this bill. It will not be
debated, for I take it there can be no debate upon
its principles; and at such a time as this, when
there is a desultory species of business being
taken up and disposed of in the Senate, the others
will be passed as they are ieady. They will be
passed when opportunity piesents itself in the
morning hour, when no imoortant measures are
pressing upon the consideration of the Senate, and
when the rules of the Senate will permit them to
be taken up and disposed of. Thus no great
measures will be obstructed, and we shall yet dis-
charge our duty to a portion of unrepresented
people in this body. The justice of this must be
obvious.
| With respect to the subject-matter of this bill,
! I will take this occasion to say, specifically, that
j the length of the road for which it provides is
about three hundred miles, and the amount of
land that will be granted by this bill is about
one million acres. These are about the only mate-
rial facts connected with it; for I have already
stated that the bill is, in every other respect, pre-
cisely in the form adopted by the several commit-
tees of the House and Senate in full and joint con-
sideration upon the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 desire to ask the Senator
what are the points named in the bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. By the words of the bill the
grant is to be made to the Territory of Minnesota
for a railroad from the mouth of Left-Hand river,
at the head of Lake Superior, via St. Paul, to the
southern line of said Territory.
Mr. BRIGHT. Is it entirely within the Terri-
tory of Minnesota?
Mr. JOHNSON. Almost entirely, though the
mouth is not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Senator
from Texas will not press the objection to the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I made no objection to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. To give the whole route of
the railroad, I will read the description of it in the
bill:
"From the mnnfhof Left-Hand at the hend of
Lake Superior, vw St. Paul, to the southern line of said
Territory, wiih the privilege of extending the same to the
northern terminus of the Illinois Central Ilailroad, on tile
MiSMfSippi nvei."
Mr. BRIGHT. It is for land entirely within
the Territory, and there is immediate necessity
for it.
It differs entirely from the class of bills named by
the honorable Senator from Texas, granting land
to railroads running through the different States.
I protest against this principle of hanging up one
bill because there are others yet to come in. I am
inclined to encourage the Committees on Territo-
ries and Public Lan(^ in bringing forward these
matters early; and I am willing to compensate
them, as a price.for their labor, by early action.
In that way we get our bills at an early period,
and are able to dispose of them. I hope no ob-
jection to the bill will be made.
Mr. RUSK. I made no objection, and so dis-
tinctly stated at the time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable Senatorfrom
Texas made no objection
Mr. RUSK. I simply suggested the propriety
of acting- on all together.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am not going to object-to this
bill, but I give notice that I shall hereafter move
that the remaining railroad bills be made the spe-
cial order for Monday week, in order that we may
dispose of them all at one time.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I believe it is the in-
tention of the House of Representatives to fix a
day this week for territorial business. If this be
passed now, it may be acted on there.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, mid was read a third time, and passed.
GRANTS OV LANDS FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of bill No. 77.
i The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. GWIN. I now make the motion that
; that bill be postponed to, and made the special order
' for, Tuesday next. And 1 shall also move to have
all the other land bills made the special order for
the same time.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from California
will allow me to make a suggestion, I am certain
he will not insist on that motion. If these bills be
taken up on a particular day, and passed by the
Senate, the order of priority that they h ve is lost
in the House. They all go to the House the
same day, and may be reported as one by the
Secretary. It is not fair to the States. Now I
am certain the Senator will not insist on his mo-
tion. ...
Mr. GWIN. I do not understand how that is.
If a bill passes the Senate to-day, and goes to the
House, it has a preference over one that will
pass next week. Then I have a bill there which
I want to pass as early as possible, and I want all
to °"o toffether.
The PRESIDENT. The bill 13 before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEWARD. What is its title'
The PRESIDENT. It is a bill granting to
the State of Louisiana the right of way and a
donation of publieland for the purpose of locating
