1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
gether the swamp lands, and the Connecticut ap-
propriation in 1819, and the Kentucky appropria-
tion m 3826. and similar appropriations, there
stiil remain sixty or seventy millions of acres
which it is contended have b°en impropetly ap-
propriated. This js the great national fund, as I
understand, which gentlemen say has been wasted.
The Senator from Georgia said this message is
an attempt to ingraft a new principle upon which
these public lands are hereafter to be appropriated,
and it is therefore that he urges and others urge
that a pause in the legislation of the country is to
be made, and that we are at liberty now to con-
sider whether we will not reform the practice of
the Government, and its former course in relation
to the public lands.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from Tennes-
see allow me, at this point, and in this connection,
to state one historical fact?
Mr. BELL. With great pleasure.
Mr. BROWN. In the year 1803, I think, a
law passed Congress, endowing a college in Mis-
sissippi with the grant of a township of land.
That college was located in the southern part of
the State. There were no public lands anywhere
in the vicinity; but pome twenty years afterwards
the land was located, much of it two hundred
miles away from the college, so that the existence
of the college there could have had no influence
whatever upon the price of the land, and that
could not have been any part of the consideiation
in making the grant.
Mr. WELLER. That was in the Territory,
and not in the State, of Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose the power of Con-
gress over public lands is the same in the States
as in the Territories, if it be the proprietor. Mr.
Jefferson was President at the time, and he ap-
proved that bill. It was among the earliest grants
of public lands which were made. If he wa3 not
among the strictest constructionists of the Con-
stitution, I confess i have never known or read of
anybody who was.
Mr. BELL. There are, no doubt, numerous
•cases of that kind; but I was taking a brief and
general view of the question, in order to extract,
if 1 could, an answer, especially from the Senator
of Virginia, to the inquiry which I was proposing.
1 remember that five hundred thousand acres were
at one time appropriated for the bent-fit of the
Cleveland canal m Ohio. I have not heard any-
thing of that improvement for a long while. An-
other appropriation of five hundred thousand acres
was made for Alabama, at about the same period
•of time. The inquiry which i was about pro-
posing was this: what is it that it is proposed to
check? What practice of the Government is it,
what past course is it, that is ho much deprecated?
And why is this degree of gratification expiessed
at the veto of this hill, appi opriating ten millions
of acres for the benefit of the insane m every State
of the Union, in as equitable a proportion to each
as it is possible and practicable for legislation to
accomplish? The complaint has been hereto-
fore that the sixty or seventy millions of acres to
■which 1 have alluded, or, including the swamp
lands, one hundred millions of acres, have been
appropriated to objects exclusively within the new
States. The old States have felt it to be a gnev-
■ance, an injustice, a wrong in the practice of the
Government, thus partially and unequally to dis-
tribute this great national property, which belongs
to ail the States, which was purchased by the
common treasure of the country, for the equal
benefit of all the States.
Does the honorable Senator from Virginia un-
deiMtand that the principles of this message will
eqtudi/.e the appropriation of the public domain
hereafter as among all the States, and that this
inequality which has been felt to be so great, and
of which so many complaints have been made, is
to be corrected ? Is flint the meaning of the hon-
orable Senator fiom Virginia, in the very earnest
and eloquent appeal which he has made on behalf
of the principles of this message?
Are we to have another fifty millions, or one
hundred millions of acres of public lands appro-
priated in the same way hei eafter? Or, dues he
understand that the principles of the message put
an end for the future to all such appropriations or
donations to the new States?
I do not mean, now, to go into the argument of
the question, whether that inequality is justified
upon the principle alluded to by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, which seems to be satis-
factory to himself; that is, that these grants to the
new States are nothing more than what a piudent
proprietor would do in making an expenditure for
the improvement of his estate. 1 do not propose,
now, to go into that inquiry, and see whether that
be a solid ground for any distinction at all. i have
myself, as it is well known, voted generally for
those appropriations on great public and general
consudeiations, regarding them as redounding to [
the benefit of the whole country, as well as to the j
advantage of the individual States, to whom these [
appropriations were made; for I hold that no rail- j
road can be constructed throughout the extent of j
Illinois, or Missouri, or Iowa, or of Aikansas, 1
which does not contribute to the general welfare,
and the increase of the general prosperity of the
whole country. But, nevertheless, when you
com* to the question of the power of Congress
thus to discriminate, and when the President him-
self assumes the principle that when we appropri-
ate land it is the same as though we appropriate
money, the question becomes a much more im-
portant one. We all know that the accumulated
volume of wealth that flows into every part of
this Union, is added to by a public improvement
made in any part of it; and yet we know, that the
most considerable benefit is derived to the im-
mediate neighborhood, locality, or State, or Ter-
ritory in which these improvements are made.
Does the honorable Senator from Virginia under-
stand the principles of this message as being such
as will, for the future, remove that objection to the
mode in which the public lands have heretofore
been so unequally disposed oP
1 am not able to state the fact from any careful
examination of my own, but i am told that all
the moneys received into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States from the public lands, taking them alto-
gether, have not remunerated the common treas-
ury of the country, or, at least, not more than
remunerated it, for the expense of the purchase
and acquisition of the public lands, and for the
cost of surveying and selling them, without inclu-
ding the lands given to the several new States.
This is a fact which should have some influence
on us.
Now, sir, this question is becoming one of more
importance, and one requiring much graver con-
sideration than 1 had supposed, and I wish to
ascertain, if 1 can, what its the understanding of
honorable Senatois, who, perhaps, have compre-
hended the principles upon which the President
has proceeded, more conectly than 1 have m re-
gard to it. 1 presume that, standing in the relation
that the honorable Senator from Virginia does to
the public administration of the country, he has
ascertained what the principles o"' the message
are, and has not been dependent upon a casual
reading of the document to-day from the Secreta-
ry's desk, for a knowledge of its contents; but
that its principles have been well considered and
matured, and that he is aware of them. What I
wish, if I can get at it now, is to know whether
it is the understanding of that honorable Senator
that no more land appropriations are to be made
in the manner that has given rise to so much com-
plaint in the old States. I should be pleased also,
to hear from the honorable Senator from South
Carolina on this subject. I make this request
with great confidence, that I am not trespassing on
any rule of propriety in propounding the question.
There has been great complaint on the part of
the old States, on account of the enormous magni-
tude and quantity of the public domain given for
purposes of local improvement m the States in
which the public land happens to lie, while not an
acre has been given to the other States, who are
destitute of public lands, to aid m making their
public improvements. The consequence is, that
the new States, though the junior sisters of the
Union, are far in advance of some of their older
sisters in works of internal improvement, because
the old States have not had this liberality extended
to them by the General Government. I have no
strict right, perhaps, to call on the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia for an answer to my question,
but after what has been said, I think it is due to
the country that we should know what that hon-
orable Senator understands to be the extent of the
principle, or the limitation of the principle laid
down by the President.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 did not intend, Mr. Pres-
ident, to engage in the general discussion of this
question now, as there seemed to be an under-
standing on the part of the Senate that it should
be postponed till next Monday. 1 hoped that
when that undeistanding was arrived at, the dis-
cussion would have been entirely dropped until
that time, so that we could have an opportunity
of reading the message, and could go into the dis-
cussion after full preparation, and with a thorough
understanding of its principles. But certain things
have been#scud by some Senators here which I
deem it proper to notice at this time. Much has
been said about the extravagant, the wasteful dis-
position which has been made of the public lands
in the grants to the new States. The Senator
from Tennessee thinks that perhaps one hundred
millions of acres have been appropriated for them,
and that the rapid growth and advancement of
those new States aie attributable to the bounty
of the Federal Government.
Mr. BELL. I said nothing on that subject. I
said that in consequence of those appropriations
of land they were far in advance in their systems
of interna! improvement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Vermont
talked about.u unclean " legislation, and raihoad
grants, and land monopolists, and land specula-
tors, as if there were something dishonorable and
corrupt in that legislation for the benefit of the new
States. Now, sir, I am not aware that the repre-
sentatives of the new States here have ever advo-
cated grants of land to them upon any othei prin-
ciple than that recognized in the President's veto
message now upon your table; that is, upon the
principle of what a landholder would do for the
improvement and management of his own estate.
My own State has received a very large grant of
land for railroad purposes, it is true. Every Sen-
ator will bear me witness that I based its advocacy
on that ground, and upon none other. 1 placed
it upon the ground that you had lands there which
you had offered for sale for from twenty to forty
years at $1 25peracie, and could not sell; but
we said, if you would give us half the land on
condition that we should construct a railroad, we
would enable you to sell them at $2 50 an acre.
Sir, the facts prove that the prediction has been
realized. The lands have readily and rapidly sold
at $2 50, where you could not get §1 25 for them
before the grant.
Mr. BROWN. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me a word ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. Does not the Senator know
that within the last few weeks we have passed a
bill authorizing a very considerable quantity of
this same land to be taken at $1 25 per acre, and
the President has approved it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not aware of the fact.
Mr. BROWN. I know it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In Illinois?
Mr. BROWN. In all the States where we
have made such railroad grants.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What is the bill?
Mr. BROWN. I forget the title of it, but its
provision is that all who occupied the land, and
who were on it at the time the President took it
out of the market, whether before or after the
grant, shall have their land for $1 25 per acre.
Mr. PETTIT. It is to secure preemption
rights.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is to say, it allows the
settlers to do this if they had secured preemption
rights before the passage of the grant.
Mr. BROWN. 1 beg the Senator's pardon;
the preemption right was not secured. If the pre-
emption right was secured, there was no necessity
for additional legislation, it was precisely be-
cause the settler had not secured his preemption
that you weie compelled to come in and secure it
to him.
Mi. TOOMBS. It was an inchoate preemp-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can only say, that if a law
has passed reducing the price of any of these
lands from §2 50 to 25 per acre in my State, it
was unnecessary, and I should not have advised
it to be done.
Mr. BROWN. I can assure the Senator that
it has been done; end the President has approved
the bill
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, 1 can explain what that is; and I
think it will be seen that the honorable Senator
from Mississippi in slightly mistaken.
