J924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
J)\ Eliot, Ellison, Everhart, Fenton, Flagler, Florence,
Giddings, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Hendricks, Henn, Hiester, Howe, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, Kittredge, Knox, f.mdslny, McCulloch, Macy, Mat
te«on, Imuirice, Mayall, Morgan, Murray, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, Peckham, Pnngle, David Ritchie, Russell1,
Sapp, Simmons, Skelton, Geriit Smith, William R. Smith,
Sollers, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuart, Thurston, Trout, Upham, Wade,
Walley, Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, and Yates—76.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can the question
be divided ?
The SPEAKER, It cannot; it must be taken
as a whole.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is an amendment to the
amendment now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is pending.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will it be in order to add
the words, " while engaged in the public service?"
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order.
Mr. MAURICE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were
yeas 80, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, Ball,
Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Blocks, Carpenter,
Chamberlain, Corwin, Crocker, Cullom, Curti", Thomas
Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Ed-
mands,Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Everhai t, Fenton, Flagler,
Florence, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Hendricks,
Henn,Hiester, Howe, Johnson, DamelT. Jones, Kittredge,
Knox, Lindsley, McCulloch, Macy, Matteson, Mauuce,
Mayall, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Patker,
Peck, Peckham, Pratt, Pnngle, David Ritchie, Russell, Sa- |
bin, Sapp, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, j
William R. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. rttauton, Richard
H. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Thurston, Trout. Upham, Wade, YValb'y, Israel Wash-
burn,'Wells, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentwoith, Wheel- !
er, and V ate?—yo.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James 0. Allen, Ashe, |
David J. Bailey, Thomas It. Bayly, Barksdaie, Bocoek, ;
Boyce, Bridges, Bugg, C.trulhers, Oiiskie,Chastain, Chris- i
man, ('lark, Clingman, Cobb, Colquirt, Cox, Ciaige, Disney,
JDowdell, Dunbar, Edgerton, Edmund-on, John M Elliott, i
iSwwg, Failev, Fianklin, FuMer, Goode, Gteen, Sampson j
W. Hams, Wiley P. Harris, Hibbard, f J ill, limit, fngersoll, j
George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kurtz,Lamb, L.i- 1
tham, Letcher, Lindley, McDougall, McNair, McCAueen, *
Maxwell, Smith Millm. Mill-on, Morrison,Nichols, Noble, ,
Orr,J"hn Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, P lesion, Reese, |
RobbingRuflin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, William Smith,
George W. Smyth, David Stuart, Nathaniel G. Tavlor, 1
Vail, Vansunt, Walbrid«e, Walsh, Westbrook, Wale, i
D tnicl U. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zollicoffer— 1
80.
The Speaker voted in the negative.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Fifth amendment, on which a separate vote was !
demanded by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee: :
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the Hilary of ■
J. P. 1'^py, lor the cuirerit lineal year 1K>5, ^J,O0d ; the I
payment to be made iri the mine manner, and under like j
eoniiol, as iormer appropriations lor meteorological obser i
vauons. !
The question was taken; and the amendment1
was agreed to. j
Eighth amendment, upon which Mr. Jones, of ;
Tennessee, had asked for a separate vote: i
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to test any im- j
provements m steam boilers, and other strain machinery, j
with reference to the construction of learners lor the Navy ;
of the United States, as m his opinion may be calculated j
to benefit the public service, $10,01)0.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 demand tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were appointed; and Messrs. Cox and
Church well were appointed.
The question was taken; and tfie tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Twentieth amendment, oil which a separate vote
was demanded by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee:
San Francisco^ California.—For blacksmith shop, car-
penter shop, storehouse, and wharf, $200,000.
Mr. LATHAM demanded tellerson this amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to—only eighteen voting in the
affirmative.
The amendments having now been disoosed of,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the previous question _
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
House bill (No 10J) " for the relief of Robert
Grignon."
House bill (No. 344) " making provision for
the postal service in the State of California, and
in the Territories of Oregon and Washington."
House bill (No. 176)," for the relief of Pamela
Brown,the widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
late of the United States Army, deceased."
House bill (No. 50) " making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1855." w
House bill (No. 162) " to increase the salaries
of executive ar,d judiciary officers in Oregon, New
Mexico, Washington, Utah, and Minnesota."
House'bill (No. 99) " for the relief of Captain
George Simpton, of Galveston."
House bill (No. 63) " for the relief of Charles
Lee Jones."
House bill (No. 269) " to create and provide a
pension for David Towle."
House bill (No. 109) " creating a collection dis-
trict in New York, to be called the district of
Dunluik, and constituting Dunkirk a port of entry,
and the ports of Barcelona, Silver Creek, and Cat-
taraugus Creek ports of delivery."
House bill (No. 232) " making appropriations
to defray the expenses of the Cayuse war."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbtjr-V Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate have agreed to
the amendments of the House to the following
bills of the Senate:
Senate bill (No. 136) <( for the relief of William
Senna Factor."
Senate bill (No. 137) " to incorporate the pro-
piietois of the Gienwood Cemetery."
Senate bill (<fcfo. 206) " for the relief of the ex-
I ecutrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fan-
| ntng, of the United States Army."
! Senate bill (No. 224) u for the relief of the rep-
i resentatives of Joseph Watson, deceased."
i Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
- House of the following; titles:
I House bill (No. 411) " for the relief of George
I Mattingly."
: House bill (No. 180) " for the relief of John S.
j Jones and William H. Russell, surviving partners
: of the firm of Brown, Russell &. Co."
j House bill (No. 289) t( for the relief of Pine
j Grove Academy, of Louisiana."
| House bill (No. 438) " for the relief of John
\ Frazer, administrator of the estate of John G.
ij Clendenin, deceased."
S j Also, that the Senate hod passed joint resolu-
|j tion and bills of the following titles:
I Senate'resolution (No. 25) 44 for the relief of
|! the legal representatives of Seth M. Leavenworth."
:| Senate bill (No. 468) " for tiie relief of David
J! F. Douglass, iate maishai of the northern district
j i of California.
II Senate bill (No. 182) " for the relief of Thomas
\ \ Butler.
j! In which he was directed to ask the concur-
!; rence of the House.
* MRS. VAN NESS.
| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee." I ask the
i! unanimous consent of the House, and if it is not
granted, I shall move to suspend the rules for that
purpose, to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill (No. 445) u for the relief of Mrs. Magdalena
Van Ness, widow of Cornelius P. Ness, de-
ceased."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We cannot take
up that bill unless we go to the business upon the
Speaker's table. I have no objection to proceed-
ing to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking it up.
The question was taken; and, upon division,
there were—ayes 49, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rulSs were not suspended.
RELATIONS "WITH SPAIN.
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Re^olvedy That the President of the United States be re-
quested, as far as in his judgment is compatible with the
public interest, to communicate to this House whether
the progress of negotiation with Spain has removed the ne-
cessity for provisional action by Congress, as indicated in
his message of March 15, 1854; or whether he still thinks
it advisable that measures should be taken to augment the
Executive power, to protect and secure the national honor,
rights, and interests.
Mr. PECK. I object.
Mr. SINGLETON. I move that the rules be
suspended; and upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—-yeas
56, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Ashe, Barksdaie,
Bairy, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks,
Caskie, Chanfberlam, Chastam, Chmchwell, Clingman,
Cobb.Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, DovvdflJ, Dunbar, Edmund-
son, John M. Hilton, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Green-
wood, Grey, Sampan W. Harris Wiley P. Harris, tlib-
bard, Roland Jones, Keiil, Kidvvell, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Lilly, McMullin, Maxwell, Oir, John Perkins,'Phillips,
Powell, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Geoige W.
Smyth. Fredeiiek P. Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart,
Vail, Walbridge, Witte, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zollrcot-
fer—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Apple-
ton, David J. Bailey, Rail, Ranks, Belcher, Rennett, Ben-
son, Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Christian, Clark,
Cook, Cor win. Cox, Cullom, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Dick, DickiiHon, Disney, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edger-
ton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Engli>h, Farley,
Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddmg*, Goodrich, Aaron liar
lan. Harrison, Hendiicks, Henn, Hiester, Hill, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Liridley, Ltnd>Jey, McCul-
loch, Macdonald,Macy, Matteson,Maurice.Mayall, Smith
Millei, Miilson, Morgan,Morrison,Murray, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver Parker, Peck, Peckham,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Preston, Pnngle, Fur-
year, Reese, David Ritchie, Robbing, Russell, Sahin, Sapp,
Shannon, Simmons, Skelton, Gt-rnt Smith, Hestor L.
Stevens, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout, Upham, Wade, Walley, Walsh. Elhhu B. Wa.-h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wentworth, Wheeler, and Yates—106.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
REORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit rne to report back
from the Committee on Military Affairs Senate
bill (No. 119) " to regulate the pay and increase
the efficiency of the Army of the United States,
and for other purposes."
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HUNT. I move that the rules be sus-
pended to enable the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Faulkner] to report back the bill, that it
may be taken up. 1 hope thaf gentlemen on this
side of the House will vote for the suspension of
the ruleu.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yea* and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was read in externa by the Clerk.
The question was then taken; and there were
yeas 106, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allerf,"
Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly,
Banks, Barksdale, Belcher, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Car-
penter, Caskie, Chamberlain. Chandler, Chastmn, Chris-
man, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Cook, Cor-
win, Cox, Crau/e, Crocker, Curti , Dick. Dickinson,
Dunbai, Eddy, Edm-mds. Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Eng-
lish, Ewmg, "Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Good-
rich, Grey, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P- Harris,
Harrison, Henn, Hie^rer, Hill, Howe. Hughes, Hunt, In-
gersoll. Roland jones, Kent, Kerr, Ividwell, Knox, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lindlev, Lind-ley, McDougall, Maxwell, Smith
Miller, Noble," Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Peckham. Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, Pnngle, Puryear, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogers,
Russell, Sabm, Shannon, Shovver^Simmons, Singleton,
Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richfffd H. Stanton, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
