1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V925
Taylor, Trout, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Walbridge, Wal-
ley, Walsh, Weils, John Wentworth, Westbrook, and
Henduek B. Wright—106.
NAY'S—Mes-is. Bail, Bridges, Clark, John G. Davlv,
Thoman Davis, Dunham, Eastman, Flakier, Fuller, Gid
dings*, liuiidiiCK.s, Houston, Damei T. Jones, George W.
jone<, Kittr^dge, Letcher, McCulloch, McMuihn, Mo
Queen, Maurice. Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Par-
ker, PJielps, llutfiri, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Skelton, Gi'int
Smith, George W. S)mlh, iStiattun, Thurston, Wheeler,
and Zolhcolfer—37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, then reported the biil buck, with
sundry amendments, ami with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. F. then said: Mr. Speaker, I am much
gratified by the decision of the House. The con- i
ditiun of the Army demands the consideration of !
Congress, and 1 have now the assuiauce that its .
grievances, if not remedied, will at least be heard. |
All that 1 propose now to do, is to make a brief I
explanation of the leading provisions of the bill, !
reserving my rislit, under the rules of the House, '
to close tne discussion, if I should deem it neces-
sary to do so.
We propose to amend the bill as it passed the
Senate by striking out the ninth section, which
authorizes the appointment of sixty-two cadets—
that is, two additional cadets from each State, to
be appointed upon the recommendation of the
respective Senators. We regard the provision
as in conflict with the Constitution, which vests
the appointing power in the President. But that
difficulty might be obviated. We have not, how-
ever, been able to learn any satisfactory reason
why the number of cadets should be increased at
West Point. The institution is doing well, and is
now popular. We are unwilling to adopt any
step that may furnish material for opposition to it
as now established. A conclusive reason with us
for striking out that amendment is, that it is in
conflict with one of the most valuable provisions of
the bill itself. That bill opens to the rank and file
the preferments and distinctions of the Army, as
I shall hereafter more fully explain. By it the
President is authorized, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to confer the brevet of
second lieutenant upon the meritorious enlisted
men of the Army, under certain regulations therein
presented—which places them at once in the line
of promotion—upon the footing of graduated
cadets at West Point. They are to be attached
os supernumary officers to t|jecompames as grad-
uated cadets now are awaiting a vacancy. To in-
crease, therefore, the number of cadets, must to
that extent interfere with the promotion of the
meritorious non-commissioned officer.
1 will now proceed briefly to explain the pro-
visions of this bill as they have been retained, and
as they have been recommended, by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to the adoption of this
House.
The first section of the bill proposes to increase
the pay of fhe Army, from the private inclusive,
to the major general. The present pay of a pii-
vate of infantry is seven dollars per month; we
propose to increase it to ten dollars per month.
The largest percentage of increase is upon the pay
of the private soldier. There is a gradual decrease
of that percentage as you ascend to the higher
officers—perhaps not exact and uniform on the
scale of decrease; for one of the great objects of
this bill is to regulate, upon just and proper prin-
ciples, the relative pay of each officer arid enlisted
man, and to correct some gross relative inequali-
ties that exist under the present system.
I am well aware that there exists upon the part
of many gentlemen of this body an earnest oppo-
sition to an increase of the pay of the commis-
sioned officers. Of this fact I cannot be ignorant,
for it has already been loudly proclaimed on this
floor. All that I propose to say at this time on
that branch of the subject is, that after the fullest
considetation which the commi tee has been able to
give to the subject, we believe the pay of most of
the commissioned officers of the Army to be inad-
equate—some of them grossly inadequate—and
that in the present schedule of increase, asset forth
in the bill, we have sought as earnestly as possi-
ble to establish a just and proper position and rela-
tive compensation from the highest to the lowest
officer of the Army. The scheme, if erroneous,
is in the power of this House, to whose judgment
and discretion it is now submitted.
But, sir, whatever may be the diversity of opin-
ion as to the propriety of increasing the pay of
the commissioned officers, there should and can
be none at? to the enlisted men. it is a point
upon which we need not speculate; the fact
proclaims itself in your thinned and dilapidated
Army. You cannot obtain reciuus—men will
not enlist at the compensation now provided by
law. There is, therefore, no alternative bdforeus
but to disband the Army, close up our recruiting
service, surrender our frontier settlements to the
horrors of Indian depredation and cruelty, or to
provide such inducements as will fill the ranks of
the Army.
it may suit the continental nations of Europe,
where the rights of personal liberty are but im-
perfectly recognized, to resort to the system of
conscription and levies in raising those standing
aruues which have now become, as it were, the fun-
damental principle of government among them,
but in this country, and m England, there is but
one mode in which an army can be raised, and
that is by voluntary enlistment. Men must be as
tree to accept or reject the bounty for military ser-
vice as to accept or reject employment in any
other branch of business, or we cease to be a free
people. Such being the character of our Govern-
ment and its institutions, if we want an army, we
must resort to that sound and universally-acknowl-
edged principle, that whenever men are wanted for
any occupation in society, they can only be had by
holding out to them a suitable encouragement to
perform the same. I know of no countries on
earth where the system of voluntary enlistment
could be successfully resorted to but England and
the United States. It is a remarkable fact, that
notwithstanding the military spirit of the French
people, the voluntary recruiting before the year
only averaged sixteen thousand men a year,
of whom Paris alone furnished one third, and yet
that was at a period when wealth was lers general in
that country than it is at the present day. Since
1815, voluntary enlistment averages about five
thousand a year, besides about four thousand who
reenlisf, and almost always choose thp infantry or
light cavalry, in this country, until October, 1852,
we had averaged each year about four thousand
recruits, an adequate supply under our existing
military establishment; but since October, 1852,
the number of recruits has been rapidly decreas-
ing each year The whole number of enlisted
men from the 1st of October, 1852, to 1st of Octo-
ber, 1853, was but two thousand eight hundred and
sixty-three, it being one thousand three hundred
and eleven less than the year 3850-'51, and one
thousand seven hundred and three less than for
the year 1851-'52, and this notwithstanding an in-
creased force of recruiting officers. So that we are
informed by the Secretary of War, in his report
to the President at the commencement of Con-
gress, that four thousand six hundred recruits
would be required for the ensuing year, to fill our
Army to its proper legal strength, small as that
legal strength is.
i hold in my hand a letter from the Adjutant
General, bearing date the 5th of July, 1&54, in
which, in reply to my inquiries as to the condition
of the recruiting set vice since the date of his last
annual report in November, he says;
" Since the renort of the Adjutant Geneia! of November
20, 1^53, there lifts been do man-oal inipiovement nt the
recruiiimr sen iec ; rind tin ?.i'(ie difiieult} in uUtrning men
exi««N now. as Ik-m^tofore, eimm' thf la-t in\\' yt'.ir? Sniin-
month? since the Secretary o( War authorized the payment
of a premium of two dollars, .it the principal ieiidezvou«,
for every accepted recruit fnim-h'-d. jk ev-.n thi> apptars
to have produced no sensible effect. Officer-* have been
placed at all points where there 11, a chance of procuring
recruits, and it is known that every eiFon has been made,
but it has been found impossible to meet the wants of the
Army.
As tllu-trative of the embarrassment of the service m
fins particular, I will mention that, notwithstanding the
most strenuous exertions to keep the companies lull in the
depai tmentf of \ew Me*ico and Texas, where, from the
character of our Indian lelations, troop* are uioh needed,
yet in the hitter department—-although containing within
its limit- rather les-s than a third of the Army—upwards of
two thousand reciutN are lequhed, of which number,
probably, it will not be practicable to supply by autumn
more than three hundred. Theie seem« to be no remedy
for this state of affairs but an increased compensation to
the soldier, and create! incentives to enlistment-* and leen-
listiienN. Without to me ,improvement, the, number of
enlistments made will not fili the vacancies catted bv the
ordinary casualties by deaths, dischaiges, and desertions."
It is manifest, therefore, that unless we desire
to see our Army perish and waste away under the j
influence of desertions and expiration of periods 1
of enlistment; unless we mean to fold our arms,
neglect our national obligations, and surrender our
emigrants to the tomahawk and scalping knife of
the Indian, we must review our system, and make
such changes as will adapt it to the exigencies of
j the times.
i Perhaps some gentlemen may think that our
| Indian population is very harmless and pacific,
j and that there is no urgent, pressing necessity for
! the distribution of well appointed forces in our
, western Territories. A brief review of the con-
i dition of our Indian population—increased under
j oar recent territorial acquisitions to four hundred
! thousand souls—would promptly dispel such an
' error. I shall not at this time consume the time
of this House by going into that review, but 1
• will ask the Clerk to read some well authenticated
I statements which I have taken from the recent
: morning papers, and which coincides with all the
official information which we Have from New
1 Mexico. The Clerk then read as follows:
J " Our Indian Affairs—Sad Condition of Things.—
' At no period since the organization of this Territory has it
: been so sorely stricken, and so completely at the mercy of
; the Indian*, as at Una time. It appears as though all Hie
! 1 inhaiis of tin- Gieat West had combined to overrun and
| destrov us. Within the last fortnight, the county of San
i Miguel lias been sadly dealt with by a band of Oiieyennes
I and Kiowas fiom the plains neartbe Aikansa^ river. They
I made ft descent upon that defenseless frontier, murdered
i twentv herdsmen, earned off ten shepherd boys captive,
i and diove oft' a Urge number of horses and mules, and, in
the wantonness ot their acts, they strewed the valley with
the dead carcas e« of cattle and sheep. In the southern
| part ot the Terutorv, the Mesealeios are in full blast, and
■ almost daily robbing our citizens of their sheep and cattle,
on their way to California. Many of the emigrant parlies
have suffered severely from murder and robbery.
j "The Camanches seem to have turned their attention
particularly to she northern pait of Mexico, where they
; lnuly inn not in their devastation^. They ba%'e murdered
!' as many .is twentv citizens in a single day, and seem to set
I; at defiance all attempts to stop their incursions. The
Jicaullas are almost lost sight of in the hostilities of the
■ other tribe*; tney appear to be a'most entirely subdued.
The A"a\ajos, the mo*t powerlul tribe in the country, have
1 also commenced depicdations. Heven of them ran off eight
] hundred sheep, but Agent Dodge has proeun d the return
■ of one hundred, and hopes to be able to restore the balance.
! " An ex pi ess has been sent to General Garland, now at
i El Paso, urging hi* immediate return to headquarters,
j where hi* presence is much needed- The acting Governor,
' lion. William 8 Messervy, It is very properly ordered out
. a poition of the inilitia to repel the invasion of San Miguel
' county, in addition to those ordered out to defend the coan-
[ ty of Rio Arriba.
' " Colonel Cook has ordered two companies of dragoons
i to pursue rhe Cheyennes and Kiowas, who are now devas-
i tatmg the frontier of San Miguel county.
I ''Under the circumstances, it becomes the duty of every
; man to hold himself in readiness to answer the call of the
acting governor to take up arm®. In the two counties of
Ilio Amlm and San Miguel, where the call has already
; be< n made, we hope the citizens will respond promptly,
and mm out 10 a man to defend their homes and pr perty,
i 11 we do not want a general Indian war, we must act vigo-
rously, mid put down the tribes that have already risen.—
,1 Santa Fc Gazette, May "29.
j From New Mexico.—General Garland received, while
' at El Paso, a dispatch from cSanta F<$, Mating that a nnm-
I her of very serious depredations had been committed by
! the Indinnsin the neighboihood of Acton Ojneo,and in
i other portions ol the Territory of New Mexico. Secretary
! Mc.-^ervy had made a cdl, m the ab-encc of Governor
, Metriwethcr, ior four hundred volunteers In consiquence
! of this Genetal Gar and and start* left El Pa&o direct for
t*anta Fe, with a view of superintending the movements
of the tioop* m the above named quarter.
" A letter tiom W. W. If. Davis, Esq., editor of the Santa
F6 Gazette, dated May 29, says:
reached nome from me lower country Friday, the
2.">th instant, sate and sound. We have no news here but
that which iel ites to the Indians and the war. Hostilities
still continue. VVnhin a few days the Kiowa^ Cheyen-
n !>, and Arapahoe^ have opened the ball and commenced
hostilities on our frontiers. It is said the tribes soon are to
iirive a general junta, in order to combine against the whites.
The Governor has called ont the militia and four hundred
! of them are now embodied, and some already ill the field.
! I feat we will have a general Indian war.5
.'' No further intelligence has been received from the ex-
; pedition under the command of Colomd Cook, who was
lately sent out in pursu.t of the Jicanllas."—National In-
teUigcntcr*
Mr. FAULKNER. This bill proposes to en-
courage the recruiting service of the couiVry,
1 1. By increasing: the pay of the enlisted sol-
dier—a private of infantry from seven to ten dol-
lars, a private of dragoons fiom e>ght to eleven
dollars, and so on, aeeoidnig to the plan exhib-
ited in the bill. The judgment of every gentle-
man m thp Konse will teach him that the present
pay is wholiv inadequate, and the fact sufficiently
proclaims itself in the reeultsof the recruiting ser-
vice. I believe, with ths other inducements em-
braced in the bill, the proposed pay will be suf-
ficient. ! know it is below the wages of agricul-
tural labor, and greatly below tile wages of me-
