1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Mr. BkOWN. I should be glad to be corrected,
if i am.
Mr. STUART. The lasv was intended, in the
first instance, to apply simply to the State of Ar-
kansas, for it was not known that any difficulty
of the kind existed elsewhere in the United States;
but upon a suggestion the bill was made general,
and us elrect is simply this: Where settlers were
upon the public lands, occupying and cultivating
them for purposes of preemption, prtor to any
grant at all having been made, and had not com-
plied with the law in proving their preemptions,
this law was made to remedy that evil, and the effect
of it, as ihe Senator will see in a moment, is simply
to be precisely what it would be if the land had
been sold. It does not affect the terms on which
grants are made at all. The principle remains
unaffected.
Mr. BROWN. I understand it differently.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think it is material
to this argument.
Mr. BROWN. But I think it is 
The PRKS1DING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will yield it.
Mr. BROWN. Unless the Senator is willing,
I do not wish to say a word; but I understand
the principle involved in the bill to be this, that if
there was a settler upon the land before it was
withdrawn from sale by the President's proclama-
tion, either in anticipation of a grantor after a
giant had been made, then, notwithstanding the
grant has been made and Ins rights have been cut
off, the act steps in and allows him to take the
land at $1 25 an acre. If he had been entitled to
the preemption, as 1 have said before, there would
have been no necessity for the additional legisla-
tion. It was precisely because he was not enti-
tled to the preemption that Congress stepped in
and gave it to him. Therefore, if you have the
right to take one quarter section of land which
you had raised to $2 00 an acre, because you had
given the adjoining quarter section for a lailroad,
and hence made it worth $2 50 an acre, and re-
duce it to $1 25, the original price of the land, the
principle is established that you may reduce the
whole of it, if you think proper, to the samestand-
ard; because if you can reduce one eighth, you
may reduce the whole; your jurisdiction and
power over the one eighth is your jurisdiction
and power over the whole. Now I wish to say,
lest there should be any misconception as to my
position on the subject, that I approved that act.
1 voted for it most cordially; and if it should come
here a thousand times, I would vote for it a thou-
sand limes over, justifying myself every time
under ihat clause of the Constitution which gives
Congress the power " to dispose of" the public
lands, which I apprehend is a power unlimited,
unless you undertake to dispose of them for some
purpose inhibited by the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not-deem
it necessary to make any reply to what the Senator j
fiom Mississiopi has said, because it has no bear-
ing at all on what I was proceeding to say, that
the grants to Illinois for railroads were advocated
upon the ground, and only upon the ground, that
they would enhance the value ofthe public domain,
so as to put as much, or more, money into the
Treasury than you otherwise could have got if the
grant were not made. The bill was passed upon
that ground, and its practical operation thus far
fully justifies the expectations of those who advo-
cated Us passage. The grant of land to which the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bei.l] has referred,
for the Sault St. Mary canal, was advocated upon
the ground that there were fifty, or perhaps nearly
a hundred, millions of acres of land above those
falls, which were inaccessible in consequence of
the obstruction, and it was said that the granting
of seven hundred and fifty thousand acres, by
making the fifty millions accessible, would enhance
the value of those fifty millions to a greater extent
than the value of thegrant.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish only to say a word as
to that grant, if the Senator will allow me. I do
not say that the Senator from Illinois has not
given the reasons, but I sav, in reference to the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that the
avowed ground upon which he asjted for that
appropriation of land was, that it was a war
measure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from South
Carolina will discover soon, that he is slightly
mistaken in the correction he makes. - The Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Cass] brought forwaid
the proposition for a grant of money upon the
ground that it was a war measure. I made a
speech against the money grant, on the ground
that it was not a necessary war measure, but that
it was expedient for commerce, and for the en-
hancement of the value ofthe lands, and stated, if he
would agree to strike outthe money appropriation
and make it a grant of land, I would advocate it.
The money clause was stricken out, and the land
grant was inserted upon that argument, and the
bill was passed upon that ground—the war argu-
ment and the money appropriation being aban-
doned.
The position that I take is this—that the grants
of lands to the new States, have been advocated
upon the ground that they enhance the value of
the residue of the public domain. Congress has
passed them upon that ground. Whether tne facts
always turn out that the principle on which the
grant was made is fully sustained by the result, is
n different question. But, sir, we ask the grant
on no other ground, and 1 supposed that when the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] voted for these
bills, he was voting for them upon that legitimate pa-
triotic ground upon which their friends have acted.
I did not suppose that he thought it was " unclean
legislation" when he advocated it. When he
brought forward a bill at this session, and advo-
cated it strenuously for a railroad through Florida.
I did not suppose that he thought it was " unclean
legislation" or that he was the agent of land job-
bers and land robbers, who were trying to fleece
the public treasury for their benefit, i had no
idea that when he advocated these measures, he
confessed to any such principle of action. Sir, I
deny that those of us from the new States, who
have advocated these grants, have advocated them
upon any such reason or grounds, as have been as-
signed or intimated by the Senator from Vermont.
Whenever the land grants which we propose
for the West cannot be justified upon the princi-
ple that we are doing what a wise, honest, and
judicious land owner would do in the disposition
and management of his own estate, I do not wish
the Senate to give their sanction and support to
our measures. Hence it is unnecessary to cite
these "vast" appropriations to the new State as an
argument upon this bill. The President has drawn
the distinction to which I have alluded. If these
appropriations were a violation of that principle,
then you may say that they do not sustain the as-
sumption of fact made by the President. Butthe
friends of these appropriations, so far as I know,
place them upon that principle; and, as a general
thing, I think the result has sustained practically
the truth of that assumption.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. The Illinois bill, was, I believe,
the model for the other bills; and it gave every
alternate section six miles each side of the road,
but if a sufficient number could not be found there
on account of having been taken by settlers, by
purchasers or preemption claimants, the company
had the right to go fifteen miles in each direction,
right and left of the road, and select the remainder
of the lands. Now, upon any consideration of
equivalents, of reciprocal benefits to the Treasury
and the road, I would like the honorable Senator
to state, as a specimen, to show the working of
the principle upon which these donations are
made—if it is upon that ground alone, the exer-
cise of the privilege of a prudent proprietor—what
proportion of the lands on either side of that road,
or both sides, for six miles, remains to be sold at
&2 50 an acre? Is it not very small?
Mr. DOUGLAS. i cannot answer specific-
ally. Let the honorable Senator finish the ques-
tion, and I will answer as,I can.
Mr. BELL. I desire to know whether the
amount is considerable? It is only within the
zone of land of six miles in extent on both sides,
that the alternate sections are doubled in price.
What I mean to illustrate—ithe honorable Senator
can illustrate it—is that it is only a principle as-
sumed in name to get clear of the difficulty. I do
not mean that it is altogether in name. But I
desire to know whether practically and substan-
tially the results are such as that principle would
seem to demand in the eye of a prudent proprie-
tor, whether he is remunerated for the donation
he has made, by any equivalent in the sale of the
small quantity of lands that are sold at the in-
creased value.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I cannot an-
swer precisely what proportion of these lands
were within six miles, and what were outside the
six miles and within fifteen; \>ut I can state the
general course of that road was through prairie
lands, distantfrom market and from timber, where,
.(Without the road, the lands would not have brought
twenty-five cents an acre. You had had some of"
them in the market for forty years at $1 25 per
acre, and could not sell them. If you could have
sold them for $ 1 25 per acre when they were first
brought into tlie market, the interest on the money
would have been more than they are worth at
$1 25 an acre now. Sinceyou passed the bill,and
the road has been put under contract, a large pro-
portion of them have been sold, and every acre
will be sold, I have no doubt, at the advanced
price of $2 50 an acre.
But my object is not to defend railroad bills to-
day. It is merely to repel the impression that is
attempted to be put upon the public mind, that the
new States of the Union have been getting more
than their share of the public lands.
Sir, wherever you have granted thein to us
we have rendered you more than an equivalent.
Take the grants of the sixteenth sections, if you
please. You made a grant of the sixteenth sec-
tion in every township in the State of Illinois, on
condition that the State of Illinois would never, as
a sovereign State of the Union, tax the remainder
of your lands. Why, sir, the taxesin ten years.on
your lands would have been worth twice as much
as the whole sixteenth sections you gave. We
pay you, by that exemption from taxation, for the
sixteenth sections, twice, three times, and in the
whole period, before your title is extinguished,
perhaps ten times as much as the lands would
have been worth. Sir, do not tell me that they
would not have been subject to taxation, but for
that consideration; for I believe your courts have
held that the property of the United States within
the States is subject to taxation, unless it is ex-
empted by special arrangement. Hence we find
it necessary, when we make an appropriation for
a custom-house in one of the cities, or for a court-
house, to put in a clause by which the State shall
consent to exempt it from taxation for all time to
come, as a condition of its construction.
Then, sir, when you charge to our account the
sixteenth section in each township of the new
States, we ask you to credit the account by the
amount of taxes that you would otherwise have
had to pay us, and ought to have paid us for the
land you owned in the State. We made a bar-
gain with you. We agreed to exempt the lands
from taxation in consideration of those granted
lands. WVhave fulfilled our part of the agree-
ment, and now you wish to taunt us as if it were
a gift. You made the bargain with us when you
had the power to coerce us into submission. We
were a Territory applying for admission into the
Union; and you would not let us come in until
we agreed to that hard bargain which you imposed
onus. We did agree to it. We kept it in good
faith. We never taxed your property. Wehave
been content with the terms of it; and now we are to
be taunted, as if we had been grabbing and stealing
all the public lands within our reach. It is only
to repel these charges that I rose.
But, sir, without going into that, I say, as a
western man, representing a new State, in which
there are many millions of acres of public lands,
that I am willing to abide by the principle that
Congress shall dispose of those lands in such a
manner as a prudent land proprietor would in the
disposition of his own estate; and if we cannot
bring any of our claims clearly within that prin-
ciple, in the judgment of the Senate, we do not
ask you to pass them.
But, this is a departure from the real point in-
volved in this measure. It is not pretended that
the disposilion that is to be made in the bill of
ten million of acres for the insane is designed or
expected to enhance the value of the public do-
main. It is not put upon the principle of a land
owner enhancing the value of his estate. It is put
upon the principle of an appropriation for a char-
itable purpose; that the condition of the insane
appeals strongly to our sympathies; that we have
funds enough m the Treasury, and lands enough
belonging to the United States; and that, therefore,
