1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S57
whole of the public lands to the States in which
they lie; and we shall not be so anxious hereafter
to acquire public lands, and pay money out of the
Treasury for them, merely to divide them among;
the people who may happen to go to them. There
is a great principle in this. This is a violation of
the great principle of equality and right. It is
time that it should be arrested; but I know the
younger Stares are interested, and I know that so
long as there is an acre of public lands their com-
mon interest will draw them into a combination
for the purpose of taking these lands for their in-
dividual States; and ( see that the old States are
getting into a minority, and not only into a minor-
ity, but into a sleeping condition, seeming to care
nothing about the mutter.
Hence I would say with the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Gwrn,] place all these bills together
and let us investigate them; and if it is proper
they should pass, let them all be passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to detain the
Senate. I, like my friend from Georgia, have
found long ago that any effort to resist legislation
of this kind would be unavailing; and the remark
made by my friend from Aikansas is the whole
clue to our legislation on this subject. Measures
of this kind are brought in according to the fancy
of gentlemen. Now, suppose it were proposed
in any one State of this Union to appropriate the
number of acres of land that are proposed to be
appropriated here for a railroad, would such a
project as that go down without the reading of the
bill? Should such a project pass by a blind con-
fidence? Should we not have the road indicated
upon paper, and commissioners to make a report ?
Sir, if Congress is to assume the jurisdiction over
this matter of regulating internal improvements
by roads and canals, and all these aitificial chan-
nels of commerce, I do not like to take the mere
plans according to the fancy, as my honorable
friend from Arkansas says, of gentlemen. I am
not so fanciful a gentleman as to adopt plans
of this kind without having an estimate and ex-
amination before me.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable Senator is
doing me injustice. He represents me as speaking
of the introduction of bills according to the fancy
of gentlemen. I never said that these bills were
adopted by the two bodies according to fancy. I
say that they are acted upon according to the
judgment of the bodies, and many are rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. I will be exact. He said that
the honorable Senator from Georgia was not fully
sustained in his statement, because it was notori-
ous that many of these bills that were not adopted
were brought in according to the fancy of the gen-
tle men who have brought them in.
Mr. JOHNSON. Hence they are not entitled
to great consideration.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Arkansas
censured them.
Mr. BUTLER. I know he may have censured
them, but he stated in his speech that they intro-
duce them here under the light of fancy; and this
is the clue to our legislation on this point;and what
sometimes is introduced under the light of fancy,
becomes reality.
But, as I sajd, I do not intend to discuss this
subject. I do intend, however, to correct one error
now in relation to it. I suppose that this thing of
alternate sections, which at one time was supposed
to afford some guarantee of security for the appro-
priation of these lands, and allowing the Federal
Government as a proprietor to derive some advant-
age from them, is forgotten.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is in all these railroad
bills.
Mr. WALKER. It is in this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The principle is still retained,
and the value of the alternate sections is doubled.
Mr. BUTLER. I know you all say that it
doubles the alternate sections in your States, but
it does not double them in mine. [Laughter.] 1
am goins: to corrccta remark which I see continu-
ally in the newspapers on this subject, that Mr.
Calhoun gave his authority to this proposition,
i knowhe gavehisauthority to it so far as regards
the actual land over which the railroad passes, and
I cannot be mistaken m this. When it was pro-
posed on this floor, that they should extend it
seven miles one way and seven another, I recol-
lect that he said: " Gentlemen, you are going
further than I have ever gone; I cannot go with
you."
But we are not only going fifteen miles oneway
and fifteen another. How was it with the cele-
brated case of the canal around the falls of the St.
Mary—that war measure which was introduced
by the Senator from Michigan? Did they confine
it to the alternate sections on the route of the
canal? No; but they were to take the land in any
part of Michigan where they could find it. I know
that was claimed, not on the ground of regulating
commerce or internal improvements, but it was
put on the plausible ground of war. Sir, there is
no restriction upon the limitation; but we are here
bestowing public lands on private companies to
regulate commerce, without knowing the very chan-
nels of commerce which are to be made. 1 would
infinitely prefer—and I say it here upon my respon-
sibility as a Senator, to the people of the United
States—that if this thing is to go on, I would in-
finitely prefer that we should have some entirety
of design—a measure devised in some way by this
body, instead of taking it according to the pro-
jects and suggestions of individual members, which
must necessarily, withoutintending it, operate un-
justly to some, and unequally always. If you
were to give the lands to the States, 1 doubt very
much whether there would be such liberality in dis-
posingof the public lands on internal improvements,
i doubt very much whether, if you were to give
them to the States, many of them would not prefer
living monuments—yes,sir, with hearts and hands
to cultivate the land, instead of making these iron
tenants and monopolies to usurp them. I doubt
very much whether, if you were to give them to the
States, they would be given in this form. Why,
sir, these are monopolies which we make in the
different States; and, sir, we must necessarily cre-
ate charters for those States by giving them lands,
when, if they had to administer them themselves,
I believe they would give them to individuals. I
have no idea of favoring this tendency of engross-
ing everythniffunder these moneyed companies.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Georgia has expressed, I think, some sur-
prise at the manner m which the Senate pass
these various bills. I might express the same sur-
prise if i had not witnessed, with that Senator and
other Senators, the various bills that have passed
this body for works of a similar character. I
think the Senator from Georgia is not surprised at
all. I am not. So far as regards appropriations
for works of internal improvement in the States,
when aid is asked for them by appropriations of
the public lands, I think we need have no surprise
at the appropriation of any sum by this body;
and I think that the legislation of the body for
the last two years will more than justify the re-
mark. Why, we have passed one bill this morn-
ing, and one Senator said it only appropriated
one million acres of land, worth, at the minimum
price of the Government lands, $1,250,000. It
was a matter of no account; and yet any little
private bill presented here by an honest claimant
aerainst this Government would meet very great
and firm resistance from the men who vote thus
readily these large appropriations of the public
lands for internal improvements m the States; for
i hold it is nothing else but bold, naked, internal
improvements within the limits of the State.
Now, sir, I know we were told years ago that
it was the duty of the General Government to
exercise that care over its public domain that a
prudent landlord would,andunderthatviewof the
case we were told that works of internal improve-
ment, railroads or canals, traversing the public
lands, should be aided and facilitated in their con-
struction by the appropriation of alternate sec-
tions, doubling the price of the remaining sections
for the Government, the Government thereby in-
curring no expense. Now, what is this bill which
we have before us? Is it one of that character?
We have departed from the rule which was laid
down, and which was the original justification. I
understood the Senator from Louisiana to say, that
this road was about three hundred miles in length.
I think I understood him to say, also, that one hun-
dred and eighty of these miles were through lands
owned by individuals, and under cultivation. 1
ask, then, what, as a prudent landlord, should we
do with the public lands through which the road
runs ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the gentleman permit
me to make an explanation?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. I stated that one hundred and
eighty miles of this road run through cultivated
and settled country, where the land belonged to
individuals, and that the lands beyond iton either
side, within the range of fifteen miles, were swamp
lands, and did not now belong to the United States,
but had been donated to the State of Louisiana,
so that within the fifteen miles on that portion of
the road which passes through the settled and
cultivated country, and which is the property of
individuals, the quantity of land whicn the State
of Louisiana will receive under the provisions of
the law is very limited indeed.
Does the Senator understand me ? I said that
within the range of fifteen miles on either side of
the road, for the distance of one hundred and
eighty miles, the land belongs to individuals, or is
swamp land, which has been donated to the State
of Louisiana previously, and consequently does
not come within the provisions of this bill, and
for that distance we derive no advantage.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to call up the special order?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will do so with great pleas-
ure, though I should not have occupied five
minutes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until to-morrow,
so that we may proceed to the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The special order having been disposed of, as
reported elsewhere—
On motion by Mr. STUART, the vote post-
poning the bill granting the right of way, and
making a grant of land, to the State of Michigan,
to aid in the construction of the Oakland and
Ottawa railroad, from Pontiac to Lake Michigan,
and branches from Corunna and Grand Rapids to
the Straits of Mackinaw, and a continuous branch
from thence to Montreal river, in said State, until
to-morrow, was reconsidered, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I now ask that every
word of the substitute reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands for the bill be read to the
Senate. For one, I disclaim and repudiate the
intimations and assertions of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson-,] that the Committee on
Public Lands have sought to smuggle these bills
through the Senate without consideration and
without reading.
Mr. DAWSON. I made no such assertion.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa. The Senator complained
that the bill under consideration was not read, and
called on the Committee on Public Lands for a
report, as I understood him. to accompany each
bill. As one of that committee, I am ready and
willing to give such information respecting its ob-
jects and provisions as I can. I insist, however,
that the bill—every syllable of it—be read. I
want it read, and am sorry that any one should
have proposed to pass it without reading. Speak-
ing on behalf of the committee, I can say that the
bill has been prepared with care; and after con-
ference and consultation with our committee of
the other House, embracing many interviews, and
covering a space of days and almost weeks, that
we have sought to improve upon the model bill, so
called, of the last Congress, and have incorporated
within the form adopted those stringent provisions
which originated in the House of Representatives,
and were ingrafted on the Missouri and Arkansas
bills, which passed at the last session of Congress,
and are now laws on the statute-book. The bill
under consideration, by its provisions, grants to
the State of Michigan alternate sections, six miles
m width, on each side of the road, with the priv-
ilege to go fifteen miles on either side to make up
any deficit in the quantity which may be found
wanting within the siifc miles, on account of sales
by pi*eemption as weilas at private entry.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler]
asserted that we were disregarding all the rules
and principles which had heretofore governed m
making these grants, and were proceeding to grant
lands indiscriminately all over the States to these
railroad companies and railroad projects. For
one, I deny the assertion; and affirm that all the
biUs reported from the Committee on Public Lands
are in strict conformity with the principles and
usages heretofore governing in these grants. We
have adhered faithfully to the alternate section
principle, affixing fifteen miles as the maximum
:/
