1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
We should either take those funds out of the Treas-
ury, or vote the public property for this charita-
ble purpose. Now, sir, I think when that prop-
osition is made, we ought to stop and reflect as to
its tendency and its consequences. I can see no
reason, why, if you make an appropriation for
the insane, as the message has well said, you
should not make it for the deaf, for the dumb,
for the blmd, {or the poor, for the destitute arid
needy, whatever their condition may be. The
same humane impulses that would prompt us to
do the one, would prompt us to do the other; and
is it not a proposition, therefore, that all of these
objects of charity, that all these matters which
commend themselves to our humanity, shall be
withdrawn from the jurisdiction of the States,
and brought within the power, and 'the influence,
and the protection of the Federal Government. I
think, sir, it is a proposition to usurp, if you
please, or, if you do not like that term, to draw
by your power and your wealth within the circle
of this Government, that which properly belongs
to the local authorities of the States, and which
can be better managed by them. 1 think that is
the great principle involved; and it is one that we
must look distinctly in the face. But, I see no
reason why, if this principle is to\>e carried out,
we should confine it to the insane. Why not go
further, and include every man who is destitute,
or every man who is incapable of taking care of
himself—the unfortunate and the infirm of every
description ?
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does he not be-
lieve in our constitutional power to give land to
the homeless? Is he not in favor of the homestead
bill?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not choose to bring the
discussion of those other questions into this meas-
ure. The Senator will find out, when that bill
comes up, whether I am for it or not; and I will
be ready to meet him, if 1 do advocatc it, upon the
principle that I now advance; and I can tell him
that,if I do not bring it within theprmeiple I now
lay down, I shall not be for it; if I can bring it
within that principle, I shall be for it. But I do
not choose to have my mind diverted from the
present argument, by a reference to othei measures
whirh are hereafter to be acted upon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 hope my friend
will not get in a passion about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all. 1 was never in
better humor in my lite. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know you are
always in a good humor; and so am I. [Laugh-
ter.] Hut when the Senator asserted theprinciple
laid down by him to-day, when i had supposed
he was my friend and oily upon the homestead
hill, I was afraid I was about, to lose him; and I
really wafited to inquire whether I was in danger
of losmg so valuable an ally. I am with him upon
the homestead bill. I am for this bill; but, if Con-
gress has no power over the public lands 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask which side of th? homestead bill he is on ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Iam in favor of
its passage. Which side are you on ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is unnecessary for the
Senator to ask on which side 1 am, because he
has told the Senate twice that he is with me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought 1 was;
but I wanted to find out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And now I can tell him th?j.t,
he being with me on the homestead bill, when that
question comes up, I will give him reasons for his
vote which he can stand upon and fear no danger.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will my friend
allow me to ask him the question again? lam
really at a loss to know whether he is for or
against the mill dam.
Mr. DOUGLAS. T can state to him at once.
It la unnecessary to attempt to divert me from my
argument.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no such
desire, I assure the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I was treading on
his corns, and therefore he wanted to drawmeofF.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I beg the Sena-
tor's pardon, I have no corns to be trod upon,
[laughter;] but still I would like to know whether
he is with me or not on the homestead bill, for 1
am for it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not so sure whether I
am with him or not, because 1 am not so sure
of his position; but as he has pledged himself to
be with me, he has no right to ask further ques-
tions. I hold him to his terms, and will let him
know his duty on the homestead bill time enough
for him to vote accordingly.
I was saying, Mr. President, that this bill in-
volves a principle which we must meet fdirly in
the face. The consequences to grow out of it are
of vast importance, i do not believe that the con-
dition of the insane, or of the deaf, or the dumb, or
the blind, or the poor, will be benefited by with-
drawing them from the jurisdiction of the States,
and placing them under the Federal Government.
Then, again, if we are to furnish the means for
the purpose of building asylums, and hospitals,
and poorhouses, and public buildings for these
indigent peisons, is it not proper that those means
should be under our own jurisdiction ? Whenever
you establish the principle that one government is
to furnish the means, and another is to expend the
money, you will found a system of extravagance,
the like of which you have not witnessed in any
branch of this Government.
1 hold that, if the means are to be furnished by
this Government, the jurisdiction must be under
it, and its officers must be responsible to it, in
order that you may hold them to a strict account-
ability. But, sir, I am not willing to invade the
States, and withdraw this class of people from
their juusdiction. I believe that their interests,
their safety, their comfort, require that we should
keep them where they are, under the protection
of the State and local authorities. The States will
do more for purposes of philanthropy, and hu-
manity, and charity, if left to themselves, than
this Government will, if we assume jurisdiction
over the subject. Nearly all the States in the Union
are now erecting -hospitals and other charitable
institutions. My own State has made large ex-
penditures, and is establishing a good system of
institutions for almost all these classes of people;
and I behevenearly every other Slate in the Union
is doing so. Wealthy persons also are establishing
asylums for objects of charity. They are under
the direction of the local authorities; they are
managed by the local authorities; and those au-
thorities will manage them more piudently and
economically than this Government possibly can.
Why, sir, if this Government is to establish
institutions for these purposes, how many are
you to have? If only one or two, it would be
more expensive to take the invalid to the institu-
tion, perhnps, than it would be to support htm;
and yet, if you are going to establish one at every
neighborhood, or every county, wheie is your
revenue to come from by which those institu-
tions are to be erected and sustained > It opens a
door to the extension of the power of this Gov-
ernment and its jurisdiction, m derogation of the
rights of the States to a wider and more fearful
extent than any bill or proposition which I have
ever known to be presented. But, sir, that is the
great principle, so far as i could judge from the
hasty reading of that message, which the message
involves. The remainder of it, in reference to
the public lands, contains only observations, for
the purpose of showing that the principle laid
down m the message does not conflict with those
grants which have heretofore usually been made to
the new States of the Union. That great princi-
ple I wish to see discussed. I shall be glad to
see a thorough and full discussion. I am pre-
pared to maintain what I understand to be the'!
principle of that message, by argument; and if;!
the measures which I advocate cannot square by |l
that principle, cannot stand upon it, then let them |!
fall; for a sound and correct principle of this Gov- jj
ernment is more important to me than any mere .!
matter of expediency, that lasts only for a day or !j
for a year. But, sir, J will not go into this dis- i!
cussion now. I felt this much to be due to the !j
State which I represent, and to my own section, 1
in repelling the idea that we wish any other dis- |
position of the public lands than that which a !
prudent land proprietor would make in the dispo-1'
sition of his own property. \\
Mr. WELLER obtained the floor. jj
Mr. COOPER. Jf the Senator will give way, jj
I will move an adjournment. ;|
Mr. WELLER. If the question is to be fur- jj
ther discussed to-night, I prefer to be heard upon ij
it now, h
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator gives way, I
will move an adjournment, so that he will have
the floor.
Several Senators. Let us fix a day for its
consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Next Monday was the day
agreed upon.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate w$1 agree to
postpone the consideration of the question until
Monday tfext, that course will receive the sanc-
tion of my judgment, because I think the whole
of this discussion to-day has been an improper
one. It is better far to discuss the questions in-
volved in the messagewhen wecome to voteupon
the question of reconsideration on the day that
may be fixed. Every Senator who has spoken
to-dav has complained that he had but indis-
tinctly heard the message read at the Secretary's
table. We all want to investigate it, for, all other
things being equal, 1 apprehend a Senator can
speak better on a subject about which he knows
something. If the message be printed, it will be
our duty to investigate it closely, and examine
the principles involved in it, and then we shall be
able to vote understandingly on the question of
reconsideration. But here we have had a dis-
cussion to-day, a very general and comprehen-
sive one, covering the whole message, upon a
mere question of printing. And what is the ob-
ject of printing? One object is, to enable every
Senator to examine the question calmly and delib-
erately, in order that he may be able to vote un-
derstandingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Will the
Senator from California allow me to ask him to
what day he proposes to postpone the considera-
tion of the subject?
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I should
prefer Monday week.
Mr. WELLER. My object is to get a day
now assigned for the reconsideration of this ques-
tion. If the Senate will agree to take the vote on
the motion submitted by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I will yield the floor at once; and on Monday
next we can enter into a full discussion of the sub-
ject. We can then have a fair field and an open
fight on the old issue between strict construction-
ists and iatitudinarians; and upon this question
everybody knows where I stand, and everybody
will know where my friend from Tennessee has
always stood.
Mr. BELL, Will the Senator allow me?
Will he wait until I can get an answer to my
question from the Senator from Virginia?
Mr. WELLER. I do not think the honorable
Senator from Virginia is prepared to answer the
question of the Senator from Tennessee until he
has read the message; for to my knowledge, he
was engaged in discussion with me at the very
time the Clerk was reading it; and 1 take it for
granted that he never saw it until it was read at
the Clerk's desk. Now 1 want to give the Sena-
tor from Virginia an opportunity to examine the
question. I have great confidence in his judgment,
and I doubt not that,after examination, he will be
able to give a satisfactory answer to my friend
from Tennessee. He has also interrogated my
friend from South Carolina on this subject. I have
the utmost confidence in his judgment, and I
would rather have his judgment on the question
after he had investigated it than now, when, per-
haps, he does not fully comprehend it. Now,
having said this much, I have a little motion to
submit, which ordinarily terminates discussion
here, and that is that the Senate do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote on
printing.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw the motion, as
there seems to be a disposition upon the part of
the Senate now to fix some day for taking the
question on reconsideration.
Mr. GWIN. What day shall be fixed depends
very much with me, upon what disposition is
made of another and a much greater question than
this, which 1 propose soon to bring before the
Senate. I should, therefore, prefer not to say
Monday next.
Several Members. Monday week.
Mr. GWIN. Monday week would suit ex-
actly.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that the ques-
tion to which my colleague alludes is more im-
portant than this, because the construction which
