1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
I remember very well a discussion which took j
place here on the Illinois bill. It was regarded as
a visionary matter. The idea was ridiculed that
the giving away of alternate sections, as put down !
in the bill, would bring for the reserved sections
double the minimum priceof the lands as then held
by the Government, which was SU 25 an acre.
Now, we see, since the road has been constructed,
that the price of the reserved sections is greatly
increased, and that it is a good deal more than
doubled; and that the lands reserved bringa great '
deal more than double what the whole was origin-
ally valued at.
In addition to this, what have you done? You
have sent a population there—an industrious popu-
lation—who are now engaged in adding to the pro- I
ductions of your country. They are yearly add- j
ing to the general wealth of the nation; and, in ray ;
judgment, through this great thoroughfare, es-
pecially if you continue it further down, you will
soon have something which will have more effect
to quiet those sectional controversies, and to stop
all this fanaticism, which every once and a while
alarms us, than all the speeches which have been
made in either branch of Congress; for you will
make the people at each end of the line dependent
upon each olher. You will bring them into con-
tact with one another; and they will see that, by
their mutual industry and exchanges of trade from j
one to another, they are increasing the wealth of'
each other.
This road has been taken as an example. Now,
■what is the value of the lands which are proposed
to be given by this bill—of the lands which are
proposed to be given by all these bills? What ■
can you sell them for? They are in the market.
You cannot sell them at all. Yon have no means [
of selling them. In many instances they are capa-
ble of being highly cultivated, and yielding largely i
to the productions of the country. Many of them,
I admit, are very good lands, if they could be
brought into the market; but, as they are now,
they are of no value to the Government. Gentle-
men talk about fanciful roads, and all that kind of
thing. Why, they should recollect that, accord-
ing to the provisions of these bills, unless the
States build the road they get no land; therefore
it is a sort of speculation in which gentlemen are
not at all apt to speculate. They are not to get
the lands unless they build the road; therefore
they are not very apt to ask for lands for an imagin-
ary line. If they do, it results in no damage to j
the United States. If they do not build the road i
they do not get the lands. If they build the roads j
they get the lands; and the Sands within fifteen or
twenty miles, or even thirty miles of agreat thor-
oughfare., thus having a means by which their [
products can get to a market, will be much en- |
banned in value. !
Well, gentlemen talk, and the argument seems ;
to go upon the supposition that Congress is actu-
ally taking the money of the Government, and
■with it building these roads for the States. _ It is
no such thing. The lands are a very inconsidera- ;
ble item. It is to be upon the outlay of capital,
industry, and enterprise that the road is to be
built. 1 esteem these lands as a very small mat-
ter in comparison with the other. Well, sir, you
are building up your country; you are adding to
its national wealth; you are increasing its indus-
try by making these appropriations. But why
this jealousy between the old and the new States ?
This legislation is not damaging the old States. If
you give to Illinois or Michigan alternate sections
of land, the result is to increase (he aggregate ;
wealth of the country. Does it damage Texas, or j
South Carolina,or Georgia? No, sir; it, benefits '
the whole, because it adds to the aggregate wealth j
of the Union; and m every point of view the United
States are gainers. .
I shall vote for this, and for all other bills simi-
lar to this, wiih gt eat cheerfulness. I do the Com-
mittee on Public Lands the justice to say, that it
is true these bills are not read, and why? Be-
cause every body has confidence in that commit-
tee. They bring the bills up to a particular stand-
ard, and they do another thing, which will be
found in the future experience of this Govern-
ment. They require these railroads which re-
ceive donations of public lands to accept a provi-
sion in the bill that they shall be required to carry
your mails at whatever compensation Congress
shall direct. Other roads that you have built ex-
ercise a perfect monopoly in that matter, and carry
the mails or not, as may be convenient, and charge
exorbitant prices. Now, in time, it will be found
that this very provision in itself is worth all the
millions of acres of land in alternate sections
which we grant. The United States lose nothing
by it.
Mr. CLAYTON. When we ask for an appro-
priation to make a harbor on the Atlantic ocean,
or an improvement oil the lakes, we are asked
where is the estimate? What has the Secretary
of the Treasury sent to the Senate? Has he rec-
ommended the appropriation - Has he examined
the subject? Has he, after investigation of all the
facts, decided that this harbor, or this improve-
ment, ought to be made ? Has he decided how
much it will cost, and how it ought to be done?
Such an estimate is required by the Committee on
Finance. Such an estimate is required by every
committee that undertakes to considersuch a sub-
ject; and without the estimate you can get through
no appropriation whatever. You cannot get
through even an appropriation for a custom-house
without an estimate. An estimate will be required
even for the small sum of $5,000 appropriated for
a harbor, or any improvement; and it will give
rise to debate which will last for hours; and if
there is no estimate, there is an end to the proposi-
tion.
How is it when you come to appropriate the
public lands? I have been, for twenty years, en-
deavoring to arrest the downward tendency of
things on this subject. I have seen, during the
whole time that I have been serving in the Senate,
these lands about to be dissipated. True, it is
often that very admirable appropriations are made
which are highly beneficial to the sections of the
country in which the lands lie; and as my friend
from Texas said, adding to the aggregate value of
wealth of the whole Union; but we have arrived
at such a point at last, that it is absolutely neces-
sary for us to decide whether we will give lip the
whole public domain, or adopt some system in
regard to this business of constructing railroads in
the new States where the lands lie.
I have always been a friend to internal improve-
ments. All the votes which I have ever given,
show that I have voted for giving the alternate
sections of land. I have voted for these railroads
again and again; but, sir, I now hear that there
are more than a hundred of these bills before Con-
gress, to grant alternate sections, when, as has
been well said by my friend from Georgia, the
Government do not possess the lands within six
miles distance from the road. Sir, it will term-
inate in the giving away of the whole public
domain. Now, why should we appropriate pub-
lic lands in this way under a general internal
improvement system, when we refuse to appropri-
ate' public money in the same way? Why should
not the Secretary of the Interior—for it will be-
long appropriately to his Department—take this
subject m hand and estimate for us, when a prop- j
ositton is made for a new railroad, as to what it
will cost, what the advantages will be, bow it
ought to be constructed, and tell us everything in
connection with it, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury does in relation to the improvements on the
Atlantic or on the Lakes ?
Sir, unless we intend to give up the public do-
main, and vote it away without knowing how we
are voting, or for what purposes, as we very often
are voting it, we ought to stop until we have adopted
some general system, some principle upon which
wecan stand justified beforeourconstituerils. I am
an internal improvement man. I have never been
in'ogardly in my votes, in favor of western improve-
ments; but I do say that the time has come when
it is absolutely necessary, unless we intend to give
up the public domain, that weshould resolve upon
some principle to govern, and endeavor to do equal
justice to all parts of the West. Some parts of
the West receive large donations of the public
land, and others none. The old States receive no
benefit whatever from them. But I have always
felt, when endeavoring lo airest this, that it was
almost a hopeless case; for I have seen gentlemen
representing other States more deeply interested in
the whole matter than mine, manifesting a degree
of indifference to the whole subject that always
astonished me. Stait a proposition to improve
the harbor of Charleston, orthe Mississippi river,
or to do anything for the benefit of any one of the
great States on the Atlantic or on the lakes, and
propose to appropriate money, and you will have
a dozen gentlemen upon the floor in a moment, and
if you have not an estimate for it, you cannot pos-
sibly get it.
Sir, do not let me be misunderstood. I do not
propose now to abandon the principle upon which
we have acted. I have always been the advocate
of internal improvements. I am willing to be gen-
erous to the new States, as I have always shown
by my votes; but I do trust that before we go
further, while this mass of bills for giving away
the public domain is pending between the two
Houses of Congress, we shall pause until we set-
tle upon some principle upon which wecan justify
ourselves before our constituents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I certainly did not expect
a discussion to arise upon the principles of these
measures to-day; but I have been so much sur-
prised at the doctrines advanced by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] and the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] that, inasmuch
as my constituents are deeply interested in this
whole class of measures, I feel it necessary to say
a few words. I conceive that the opposition to
these bills proceeds altogether upon a false theory.
I hear gentlemen speaking of appropriations of
jiublic lands, and comparing them to appropria-
tions of public money. It strikes me that we ought,
in order to arrive at a just idea of the principles
upon which all these bills are founded, to make a
distinction between the Government of the United
States as a political body governing the country,
and the Government of the United States as an
owner of lands.
Now, sir, when an appropriation is asked for
upon the Atlantic or upon the Gulf coast, and
when it is proposed that the Government, as a
Government, shall appropriate public moneys for
purposes of public improvement, necessarily, that
work being intended to be done by the Govern-
ment alone, not being controlled in any measure
i whatever by private enterprise or private judg-
i ment, the individuals who take part in the rail-
' roads not taking part in those works, not investing
their capita] in them, not having any of the stimuli
to economy and prudence and judgment in ex-
pending the money, which, under other circum-
stances, areapplied to these subjects—necessarily,
I say, in appropriations of that character, it ia
rightand it is proper that, when the appropriations
are asked for, they should be granted only after
close examination, and that the expenditure of
these appropriations should be properly guarded
by the officers of the Government of the United
, States.
But when the Government as a land owner,
1 arid not as a Government, is called upon to con-
I tribute, with other land owners, to the improve-
i ment of its own property, then, sir, a different
| class of considerations necessarily arise, and one
i which cannot with any propriety be assimilated
' with those which gentlemen evoked before us, for
j the purpose of checking our action upon the subrv
1 jeel of the public lands.
I Suppose any one of us to be possessed of larg£
tracts of wild land. Take the example of tfcie f
\ Senator from Texas. Suppose any one of us to
I be possessed, in an individual right, of large tracts
! of wild land, land that we cannot sell, land that
II is intrinsically valuable because it is fertile, land
jl which will produce much when cultivated by the
'' labor of man, but land that, in its actual position,
is valueless to us as a source of wealth or revenue;
suppose, under these circumstances, the proposi-
tion were made to us by a capitalist to come upon
our lands, and improve them by putting construc-
tions upon them, or by building roads through
them; and suppose the parties making the propo-
'j sition could prove, not by mere estimates made in
!; advance, but by the operation of a principle al-
j; ready tested by experience, that if we would allow
!! them to expend their capital upon our property.
!: and then divide the property with them, the half
1 that would remain for us could be sold for more
than as much as the whole would have brought
before- what would be the answer of any man ad-
minis, ering his own property with a just ,regard
to his own interest to a proposition of that kind?
Would he not accept it at once?
What then, can be said when the whole extent
of the proposition in favor of the new States is
simply to devote a portion of your lands to make
the rest sell for a larger price? You are a land
proprietor in the new States, and you own more
I land than all the citizens together. Now join these
