1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
lions which may be incidentally raised here are
passed over, yet, when a veto comes from the
Piesident of the United States, the principles in-
volved in that veto go home to the people of the
country. They are met by calm consideration.
After constant and repeated argument among the
people of the country, as well as here in the Sen-
ate Chamber, 1 think you will find the same result
will be experienced here as has been hitherto when
the Congress of the United States has been dis
posed to trifle with the Constitution, when the
people have, after consideration, and after strong
majorities in favor of measures, been brought back
to principles which are necessary for the main-
tenance of the Constitution.
Sir, I do not mean to enter into the principles
connected with the measure; but I do say that we
ought, in common justice and common courtesy
to the President, direct the printing of the message,
and then proceed to its consideration. I care not
what day is fixed for the consideration of the bill
which he has sent back to us, with his reasons for
differing from us in opinion.
Mr. DOUGLAS obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to say one word ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. As the interroga-
tory which I propounded to the Senator from Illi-
nois seems to have given rise to some debate and
feeling, and as I desire neither to be misunder-
stood, nor to make any false impression on the
mind of the Senator, or to evade any responsi-
bility, I wish to state to him distinctly the ground
upon which I propounded the question. 1 asked
him whether he was in favor of the homestead
bill or not. He says, I knew it, and everybody
knew it. So T did,and 1 stated to him so distinctly.
Now, the reason why I propounded the question
was this: I am in favor of the homestead bill,and
J am in favor of this bill, and I meant to kill oil'
the argument of the Senator from Illinois upon
this bill by rebutting testimony on the other side.
That is exactly what I meant to do. I have no
disguises about it, and I do not think that the
Senator ought to have given himself any feeltng
about it, because he is, of all the men in the Amer-
can Senate, just the very man to play that game
on his adversaries. Have you not seen it here
forty times ? I can tell him, whenever I can get a
chance to strike him that way, I shall be sure to
strike him, certain as I am a living man.
{Laughter.] FJe need not attempt to escape.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I knew just as wellPbefore
as I do now that that was the Senator's object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly, L am a
straight-out man.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And because he was playing
that game on me, instead of meeting the argument
I was then making, I was determined that lie
should not play it successfully. Hence I did not
answer him, knowing that lie knew how I stood.
He then went on to say that he was with me on
the homestead bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So I am.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then if he knew that, there
- was no ne«'esHity for me to answer the question;
for if he knew that i was for it, it was unnecessary,
and if he did not know it, he showed that he
was going with me on faith in my geneial accu-
racy and public course; and I had no idea he could
give a better reason for his action than that faith.
[Laughter,] Besides, as lie was going with me
on faith, and was sure to be right if he did, \ did
not choose to tell him on which side I was, for
fear some fellow would get him wrong between
now and the voting time. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 am the happiest
man in the woild to go by faith, if you allow me,
sir, hut God save the mark when any man follows
the Senator from Illinois by "faith." It takes
" works'' to follow him. 1 thought I had a right
to call on that leader. I have followed him through
some dark places, and I am ?ifraid we shall have
some darker ones before we get out. [Laughter.]
But, sir, when I called upon that honorable Sena-
tor to know how he stood upow that question, he
said I knew. So I did know; but at the same
time 1 knew he was off upon a false scent, a false
truck, and I wanted to make Mr. Douglas, of Illi-
nois, a witness against the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Knowing that that was the
object, I declined to allow him to play the game
on me for this reason. I was making a point in
the argument that I believed he could not answer;
and now I infer he thought he could not, or other-
wise be would not, have wanted to answer it in
this way. 1 wished to discuss the veto message
upon its own merits, to decide it upon its princi-
ples, and to bring into the discussion, to elucidate
those principles, whatever is pertinent to it. Then,
sir, when the homestead bill comes up, I am ready
to meet that question upon the principle that lies
at the bottom of it. I do not think that ad cap-
tandum arguments, or quoting a man on one ques-
tion against him on another, is a right mode of
settling a great constitutional principle. 1 think
if the honorable Senator from Tennessee had as
much confidence in the conectness of his opinion
as I have in mine, he would be willing to meet
me on the principle, in a fair argument in each
case, without playing this game of quotations
against one another. I had that confidence in the
correctness of my opinion. I did not take the
slightest exception to the Senator saying that he
was playing a little game of brag W e both know
how that game is played. I thought I would bluff
back on him. The same was the reason in regard
to the Senator from Mississippi, who put a ques-
tion to me which I declined to answer, for the
simple reason that I wished to discuss this ques-
tion on its merits, and 1 was not willing to be
drawn off so far from the line of debate as to
answer questions intended, peihaps, to break the
whole force of the remarks which 1 was making.
I thought those gentlemen ought not to have pushed
that question at me when i treated them kindly,
and gave notice to them that I could not be dtawn
off on such a line of departure from the course of
debate.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I sincerely do
not mean to enter into this discussion; but my
friends from Mississippi and Illinois have both
assumed, as an undoubted fact, that insane people
in the United States are not entitled to vote. Now,
sir, I wish to say that I do not think that, by any
means, a clear and certain matter; and I would
put to my friends from Illinois and Mississippi
particularly, and to the Democratic members of
this body in general, this inquiry: If insane people
are not entitled to vote, how did they succeed in
getting here, or how do they expect to maintain
their places? [Laughter.] That being a very im-
portant interrogatoi y, and extremely necessary to
be answered m order to determine upon this ques-
tion of printing an extra number of the message
of the President, of the United Stares, and requir-
ing, as I think, a night's cf\lm reflection, and an
opportunity for this excitement to subside, I
think it extremely proper now to move, having
thrown out this suggestion for consideration before
our meeting to-morrow, that the Senate do now
adjou rn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 3, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Uen'ry Slickr.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Kentucky, in lelation
to granty of lands to the children of soldiers who
are adults; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Also, presented resolutions in
relation to " the appropriation of a part of the
public domain to the State for educational pur-
poses;" which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, leported as correctly enrolled " a resolution
for extending the existing contract for carrying
the mail in Alabama;" which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WALLEY. Will the gentleman from
Oregon allow me to introduce a petition to which
there can be no objection ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. Lake] is strictly in order,
and must be put, unless unanimous consent be
given to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Walley.]
Mr. HAMILTON. What is the character of
the petition which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires to present?
Mr. WALLteY. It is a petition analogous
in character to the resolutions presented by the
Speaker, it is a petition of his Excellency Emory
Washburn, Governor ofMassachusetts, and three
hundred and seventy others, membeis of the
| Legislature of that State, and merchants, and
, other of her citizens, praying Congress, in view
i of the great scarcity of seamen at the present
j time, and of the fact that our Navy must be
] manned from our mercantile marine, to patronize
| the enterprise of encouraging and educating sea-
| men by establishing floating schools in the prin-
1 cipal harbors of the United States,
j Mr. LANE. I am very willing to yield to the
j gentleman from Massachusetts, that the petition
: may be received and referred without reading.
! The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the me*
' morial will be received and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WALLEY. I also, Mr. Speaker, ask leave
to present a memorial from the Mayor of Boston
and two hundred arid three other citizens, with
I reference to a matter now under consideration in
j this House, praying that officers of the Army may
| be confined to their military duties, and that civil
! works may be placed under the control and super-
j intendence of civilians.
j Mr. PHELPS. I object. Let it be presented
under the rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. In relation, Mr. Speaker,
to the reference of the petition as to the floating
schools, I would suggest that it would be better
it should go to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
' There is a bill now before that committee affecting
j the subject of the apprenticeship; and it appears
to me that that committee would be the proper
! reference for this memorial; or else let the bill to
j which I allude be withdrawn from the Committee
i on Naval Affairs and referred to the Committee
j on Commerce.
| The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania submit a motion to reconsider the
! vote by which the memorial presented by the
, gentleman from Massachusetts was referred to
i the Committee on Commerce?
i Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir, I do.
] Mr. HAMILTON. Then I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I do not desire to
consume the time of the House; and since the
j gentleman from Maryland is disposed to be fac-
: tious, I withdraw my motion. 1 only made it
. because it struck me that the reference I have sug-
] gested was the appropriate reference; and 1 deemed
, it my duty to submit it to the House,
j Mr. DUNBAR. I ask the unanimous consent
J of the House to report a bill, Senate bill No.
j 316, and I ask that favor under peculiar circum-
] stances. It is merely a bill to change the name of
i the vessel Abeona—which was partly burned at
the mouth of the Mississippi river, and since re-
i built, and which is now owned by an American
; citizen—to that of Mount Vernon. I beg leave to
, state the circumstances under which 
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, (interrupting ) What
| disposition does the gentleman from Louisiana
; propose to make of the bill?
i Mr. DUNBAR 1 desire to have it passed.
I Mr. LANE. Then I object.
| Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Oregon
1 will withdraw his objection. It will not take five
! minutes to pass the bill.
j Mr. DUNBAR. I trust the gentleman from
j Oregon will do so.
| Mr. LANE. Very well, I yield, and withdraw
. my objection,
| The bill entitled " An act to change the name
. of the bark Abeona to Mount Vernon," was read
; a fiist and second time by its title.
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask to have the bill put upon
! its passage.
i There being no objection, the bill was read a
j third time, and passed.
j The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
| motion that the House reaolveitself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
j TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
| Mr. LANE, of Oregon, moved the usual resolu-
; tion to close debate in the Committee of the Whole
: on the state of the Union on the bills No. 315,
