1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Congress, if it had the attribute of a god. Con-
gress would be sure to make it rain in some places
while they would deny it to others; and this thing
of regulating commerce by this partial appropria-
tion of land for this place or that place must he
unequal, if not intended to be unjust. Ithasoper-
ated unjustly; and allow me to sav to the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
who perceives with so much clearness everything
his mind touches, that he will undeistand the
allusion I have made. I believe that these roads
running across to the lakes have diverted com-
merce from New Orleans.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the reason why
we want some for ourselves.
Mr. BUTLER. But give me some, too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I will say that, when my bill
for Mississippi comes up, the Senator may then
be gratified, for it does give something to South
Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. My dear sir, I will not ask for
it. Do not sive until we ask for it.
Mr. BROWN. I understood the Senator to
say that he wanted something.
Mr. BUTLER. I only want that which I ask
for. Understand me—I do not want things forced
upori me. I have no idea of your taking a thou-
sand dollars and giving me five. In the distribu-
tion of a fund as administrator, you would be a
loving guardian to your own children when you
can make a step-child of another. I do not say
that my friend will do it. i do not believe he
would; but I say that the Government cannot be
trusted with the distribution of the rains of heaven
and the waters of the earth. I would not have
the Mississippi diverted when the lands mijjht be
bestowed m such a way as to divert the Missis-
sippi, so far as commerce is concerned, into the
lakes instead of into the Atlantic. Mr. Herndon
says it is a practicable thing. If you bestow lands
in that way, you can make such a diversion. I
have not said that these roads are going to have
that effect. It is probable they may all redound
to the benefit of Charleston; but I do not know it,
nor do you know it. it redounds to the benefit of
Mississippi—that you are sure of—and to Louisi-
ana, and to Iowa, and to Wisconsin. I have no
doubt that you perfectly understand that it sub-
serves your interests.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not propose to enter
into the discussion of this subject generally; but
there was, some time since, before the Senate,
another bill, which was, I believe, a perfect trans-
cript of this; that is, the form of the bill was pre-
cisely the same: and as I was addressing the
Senate upon that bill at a period when the Senator
from Illinois desired me to give way in order to
proceed to the consideration of another subject, I
propose now to s<\y what I should otherwise have
said upon that bill. I desire the special attention
of the Senator from Louisiana, and of the chair-
man of the committee who reported this bill, to
the view which I take. I desire to know whether
I am right. I was proceeding to state that it was
nothing but a naked and bald appropiiation for
internal improvements in the States. That was
my declaration; that the lands appropriated by
the bill applied to a road passing over lands
where the Government had not a particle of in-
terest; that the Government had lost the lands,
and they were owned by the State or by individ-
uals. The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Sli-
dell] corrected me in what he supposed a misap-
prehension. I think I was not wrong, and I
think the terms of the bill now before me cannot
lead me into an error.
What are the terms of the bill > If Senators
will read the first section of the bill, they will see
that the termini nf the road are there named.
Then it leaves no doubt about what the road is.
It is a road commencing at one point and termin-
ating at another. Then, the Senator says, thatone
hundred and eighty miles run over lands which
are owned by individuals, or by States—I am
speakingof the Louisiana bill now. The principle
will apply, I believe, precisely to this, unless the
appropriation made by this bill is wholly within
the public lands.
Mr. STUART. Not ail.
Mr. HAMLIN. The principle is precisely
the same, only there may be a difference in de-
gree. The Senator from Louisiana says thatone
hundred and eighty miles of that road run over
lands owned by the State or by individuals, and
©ne hundred and twenty miles over lands owned
by Uie Government.
Now what is the appropriation made ? The pro-
vision of the last section is, that onehundred and
twenty sections of land shall be appropriated to-
wards the construction of each twenty miles of
that road. What road? The road through the
public domain? No, sir; such is not thelanguage
of the bill, but it is a road between the termini
named. And when the Governor of the State
shall certify that twenty miles have been built,
what is to be done ? The one hundred and twenty
sections of public land are to be paid over, or the i
money paid for them. Is not that according to the '
terms of the bill? Surely it so reads. If I draw
a wrong conclusion, I desire to be set right. I j
draw that deduction from the bill, and such is its
language; but I will not stop to read it. I cannot
find any section in either of these bills which pro-
vides in terms that the money arising from the
sal^a of the public lands shall be appropriated to
so much of the road as is within the public lands.
Let me read the clause:
That the land;? herein granted to said State shall be di=*
posed of by s^tui Statu only in manner following : that is to
say. that a quantity of land not exceeding one hundred and
twenty section:-, and included within a continuous length
of twenty nuU's of said road, maybe sold; and when the
Governor of said State thall cerniy to the Secretary of the
Interior that any twenty continuous unlet of said road is
completed, then another like quantity of land, hereby
granted, mav be sold ; and so from time to time uutii said
road is completed."
There is no provision which determines that
that money shall be confined to the construction
of the road passing over the public lands, and it
is therefore an appropriation which applies to the
road m its whole length. Nor is there any guar-
antee that if twenty miles of the road shall be built
within the State outside of the public lands, to
absorb all the public sections, the lands, outside
may not thus be appropnaled, and not one single
mile of road built within the pubiicdomain. That
is the view which I have, and it was in that view
of the case that I regarded it as a naked bill for
internal improvements within a State, and outside
of the public domain belonging to the General
Government. In my judgment, it is of no earthly
importance whether these bills are grouped to-
gether, or whether they are passed singly. The
sense of the Senate, I think, is clear and determ-
ined, and it is in their favor.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will allow me I
will set him right, so as to save him the trouble of j
making a further explanation on one point, as he
appears to rest under an entire misapprehension.
Fie says that this bill is one proposing a naked
system of internal improvements.
Now, the fourth section says that "the lands
hereby granted to said Territory "—or State, as the
case may be, for the form is identical in all the
bills—I am reading from the Minnesota bill—" shall
be disposed of by said Territory only in manner
following, thatis to sav, thata quantity of land not
exceeding one hundred and twenty sections,and in-
cluded within a continuous length of twenty miles
of said road, may be sold; and when the Gov-
ernor of said Terr itory shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that any continuous twenty miles
of said road is completed, then another like quan-
tity of land hereby granted may be sold; and so
from time to time, until said road is completed; and
if said road is not completed within ten years, no
further sales shall be made, and the land unsold
shall revert to the United States.''
Now, if there is no public land lying along the
route of the road when you begin to build, can
you pass from the first twenty miles to another
twenty miles in order to sell according to the
terms of the bill? Either the Executive officers
must be false to the provisions of the bill, or else
that cannot be done.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think if the Senator will
look at the fust section of the bill, and compare it
with the fourth, he will see that I t m right.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that the construction
which I have given to the bill will be given by the
Department.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no doubt that what
the Senator says is his construction.
Mr. JOHNSON. X spoke of the construction
of the Department.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know what the con-
struction of the Department is; I have no means
of knowing. I am only speaking of the bill as I
know it; and I find that it describes a road com-
mencing at one point and ending at another; and I
find that the section of the bill whi:h I have read
provides that when any twenty miles of that road
between the termini shall be constructed, and the
Governor shall so certify, certain portions of the
land shall be sold. This is the language of the
bill. I do not know what may be the construction
put upon it by the Department. It was the lan-
guage of the bill of which I spoke.
I think the deduction which i.drew isonewhich
any gentleman would draw on a careful examina-
tion of the words. If there is a construction of
the law by the Department, that is another mat-
ter. I am not aware that it has received any con-
struction one way or the other from the Depart-
ment. If such, however, be the design of the
Committee on Public Lands, I think they ought
to say in their bill precisely what they do mean
—that none of the public lands shall be appropri-
ated for any other purpose than to build the road
through the public lands. Let it be so stated in
terms, and then that objection will be answered.
The bills, whether they shall be presented singly
or in gross, I have no doubt will all pass the Senate.
There are but few of us here opposed to them,
very few; and I hope that those who are really
opposed to them, may not have their motives mis-
understood. The gentlemen who favor them are
discharging their duty tiuiy, acccording to their
own judgment; and I doubt not that we, who
deem it our duty to oppose them, are also doing
what we consider to be our duty.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I assail the motives of
no man, and do not desire to do so. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, the bill as it now stands was framed ex-
pressly to suit the meridian of the Palmetto State in
the other House, as it has been amended by South
Carolina. I enter my solemn protest against any
amendment of it coming from the region so far
north as the State of Maine. I am satisfied with
South Carolina restriction. I have been compelled
to adopt it, whether willing or not. The South
Carolina restriction—not in this body, but in the
other House—was the work of a friend, who, like
the late Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. DavisJ
wished to perfect the bill that he might vote for it
as he did, and therefore it was the more accept-
able to me. It came from a member who prob-
ably looks quite as carefully to these objects as
my worthy friend from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
ler,] whom I have had the pleasure of hearing on
this occasion. But I understand my friend to say
that the bills (speaking in the plural) are breaking
down ail the barriers and restraints which hereto-
fore surrounded them, and were appropriating the
public lands ad libitum. Not so regarding them, I
denied the fact. The Senator now refers speci-
fically to a case, to wit, the grant to Michigan for
the construction of the Sault Ste. Mane canal, and
he is right in saying that in that instance the
alternate section principle was disregarded. The
land m this case was nominally granted to the
State of Michigan, but for an object so emphat-
ically national that there is no Senator or Repre-
sentative from that State who will agree that
Michigan shall be charged with the grant. That
measure was urged and pressed by other voices
and votes more strenuously than it was by those
from Michigan. And so univeisal was the feel-
ing in favor of cutting the canal around the Sault
Ste. Marie, that when the bill went to the other
branch of Congress, it was not buried in the grave
in which all similar bills from other States, with
two exceptions, were entombed, but taken up, I
believe, by unanimous consent, and passed with
little if any opposition, and on a day upon which I
believe a single objection would have been fatal to
it. It was not done as a favor to Michigan, but
for the great purposes of commerce and defense,
and looking to the settlement of that vast domain
belonging to the United States, in which are to be
found the richest copper mines in the world.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to make a re-
mark by way of parenthesis; but I think there
were some of the neighboring States more anxious
for the passage of the Sault Ste. Marie bill than
Michigan.
Mr."DODGE, of Iowa. The Senators from
Wisconsin can answer for themselves.
Mr. WALKER. I presume that the remark
of the Senator from South Carolina was based
upon one which I made to him. It was this, and
