1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
to establish the office of surveyor general of New
Mexico, to grant donations of land to actual set-#
tiers therein, and for other purposes, in thirty*
minutes after the committee shall have again
resumed its consideration.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman frum Oregon that it is hardly necessary to
make that motion. It seems to me there is no
use in so limiting the debate. We had no long
speeches yesterday 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) Yes, but there may
be some this morning.
Mr. LANE. 1 have never been inclined in my
congressional life to shut out fair debate and dis-
cussion on any subject. But I would say this to
my friend Virginia, (Mr. Letcher,] that the
business relating to my Territory has not yet been
touched. It is at the foot of the Calendar; and
if to-day is entirely occupied in the discussion of
this bill, I would have no hope of reaching it this
session. If the motion that I have made be agreed
to, gentlemen can say alt that is necessary under
the five-minute rule.
The SPEAKER. The subject, gentlemen will
recollect, is not debatable.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Lane,
Mr. HAMILTON asked for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Vail and Campbell were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
[Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of" the
following title; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1855.
The question was then put; and the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union agreed to.]
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of local Teriitorial business.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee at its last
session, and when it rose, had under consideration
House bill No. 315, entitled " A bill to establish
the office of surveyor general of New Mexico, to
grant donations to actual settlers therein, and for
other purposes," to which an amendment offered
by thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe]
was pending to strike out the second section, the
words " white" and " American,"and so modify
the clause as to make it read:
" That to every male cit zen of the United Stntrj, or to
such person as shall declare hi* intention to become aciU-
zen of the United States,'' See.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] moved
to amend the amendment by striking out the
words " or who has declared his intention to be-
come such,"and to insert after the word ''years"
.the words " who has declared his intention to
become a citizen;" so that, if theamendments pre-
vail, the section will read:
That to every white male citizon of the United States,
or every white male over the age of twenty-one years, who
hasdeclaied his intention to become a citizen," &c.
The question pending is upon the adoption of
the latter amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have not risen
to make a speech. There are several subjects
coming before us on which I wish to speak at
considerable length. Among them are the Post
Office and the Pacific railroad. Hence I do not
feel at liberty to consume more than a few min-
utes on this occasion.
I have risen, sir, to say that I must vote against
the bill in its present shape; and I wish my con-
stituents to have my explanation for my vote. I
cannot vote for the bill if the word " white" is
retained in it.
I believe that every person is bound to esteem
his religion above everything else By his religion,
true or superstitious, rational or spurious, he must
give it this preference. My own religion is very
simple. It consists in the aim to deal impartially
and justly with all men. On the authority of the
Saviour, the cdmmandment to do unto others as
we would have others do unto us comprises the
whole sum and substance of Christianity.
I hold, sir, that we should regard the whole
world as before every man, and every man enti-
tled to seek his home in any part of it. If I wish
to make my home in Africa, I am to be allowed
to do so; and if lam there shut out from benefits
and blessings made common to others, I am
wronged, deeply wronged. So if a black man
goes to New Mexico, and is there shut out from
such common benefits and blessings, he is deeply
wronged. Under the Jewish ceremony, even the
fugitive servant (fugitive slave, as many render
it) was to be allowed his choice of a home any-
where within the gates of Israel.
There is but one true standard of conduct, and
that is the Divine conduct. We are to make our
own moral character resemble that of our Maker
as nearly as we can. But, surely, no one believes
that our Maker can approve of the odious and
guilty distinction under consideiation. No one
believes that the incarnate Son of God, were he
among us, would vote for this distinction. Says
the Apostle Peter—and L am sure that my learned
and Catholic friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] will not disparage the authority of
that Apostle, on whom his church is built—"God
is no respecter of persons; but in every nation, he
that feareth God and vvorketh righteousness, is
accepted with him." " In every nation"—in na-
tions of red and black men as well as white men.
I often meet with gentlemen who appear to be-
lieve that black men have not the same nature,
the same wants, the same sensibilities as white
men. On such occasions, 1 am wont to recall the
words of Shylock, the Jew: "Hath not a Jew
eyes? Hath nota Jew hands, organs, dimensions,
senses, affections, passions? Fed with the same
food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the
same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed
and cooled by the same summer and winter as a
Christian is. If you prick us, do we not bleed?
If you tickle us, do we not laugh ? If you poison
us, do we not die? If you wrong us, shall we not
revenge?" How careful, sir, should we be, not
to commit wrongs; seeing that revenge so natu-
rally follows wrongs! And if we have committed
them, how careful should we be to prevent revenge
by repentance! Let it not be said, sir, that Shy-
lock is poor authority, because he loved money.
His having loved money is one proof that he
belonged to the human brotherhood, and had
experience of our common nature.
I would, sir, that some black Shylock might be
allowed to enter this Hall, and to plead for the
striking out of this word "white* He might
be more successful in his plea than our white
Shylocks. I would, sir, thatthatnoble man, Fred-
erick Douglass, could be allowed to stand up here,
and pour out the feelings of his great heart in
his rich, and mellow, and deep voice. I refer to
him, sir, because I regard him as the man of
America. He was held in cruel bondage until he
was twenty-one years old. Then he escaped
from his tormentors. He was never at school a
day in his life; and now he is confessedly one of
the ablest public speakersand writers in this coun-
try. I feel sure, sir, that, could he be heard, he
would be able to bring the committee to repent of
its purpose (if such is its purpose) to retain the
word " white."
Shall we never cease from this prejudice. Born
and bred,as I was, among negroes and Indians as
well as whites, and respecting and loving all
equally well, this insane prejudice is well nigh
incomprehensible to me. I am happy to recog-
nize in every man my brother—ay, another self;
and I would that X could infuse my education at
this point into every one who is without it.
But, sir, I promised not to make a speech.
When on this prolific theme of our wrongs
against the colored man, I hardly know when to
stop.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Chairman, the inquiry
which I propounded yesterday to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, from which this
bill was reported, in regard to the peculiar and
unusual phraseology employed, of "white male
, Jhnerican citizens of the United States" was not
: made, as seems to have been apprehended in some
i quarters, in a hypercritical spirit. I supposed that
1 the word "American," in that connection, was
intended to have a meaning; and that it had been
well considered by the chairman of the commit-
tee, who has the reputation of being a lawyer of
ability. 1 therefore propounded the inquiry in
good faith; for I was led to suppose it might have
been inserted with the view of excluding from
the benefits of the act certain persons, formerly
citizens of Mexico, who were entitled, under
the ninth article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, " to the enjoyment of all the rights of
citizens of the United States." 1 did not suppose
the word was inadvertently introduced, but that it
was intended to carry with it a meaning full of
significance at least to a class of persona intro-
duced into the United States under the provisions
of that treaty; and until this interpretation is dis-
claimed, i think it may well bear that construc-
tion. It would be unjust to discriminate against
the class of persons to which I have alluded,
whether they were of the pure Castilian blood, or
whether they were of the mixed races, provided
they were citizens of the Mexican Republic at the
date of the treaty. And, Mr. Chairman, whether
they were or were not citizens under the Mexican
law at the time of admission, I, for one, should not
be disposed to discriminate against them in our
legislation upon this subject.
My amendment, Mr. Chairman, to strike from
the section the word " American," was designed,
therefore, to obviate the objection to which I
have referred. But, Bir, I proposed also to strike
from the section the word " while," so that the
benefits of the law might inure to all " citizens of
the United States, and to such persons as have
declared, or shall declare, their intention to be-
come citizens." My object in this was to place,
all citizens of the United States, and all persona
entitled under our laws to the privilege of becom-
ing such, upon an equality as to the right of ac-
quiring and holding property, and this without
any discrimination as to caste or color.
In several of the States of the Union colored
persons enjoy the privilege of citizenship, in
others they do not; and my own State is of the
latter class. But, Mr. Chairman, it does not fol-
low that because we are unwilling to raise them
to a social and political equality with the whites,
that we are bound to withhold from them the
right to live, and the means of procuring suste-
nance wherewith to support life. I am opposed
to all such unjust discrimination; it is unworthy
of the Government and the age in which we live".
1 understand that colored persons are citizens in
the State of Vermont, and so of Massachusetts,
and other New England States; and, with certain
qualifications, so also in the State of New York.
Under the bill as I propose to amend it, these per-
sons, I suppose, would be entitled to the benefits
of the act. And why should they not be ? While
gentlemen are contending here for the enlargement
of the area of slave territory, upon the plea that,
while slavery itself would not thereby be increased,
the condition of the slave would be ameliorated
and his happiness promoted, is it right to say that
the free colored man and his posterity shall be for-
ever confined to the spot which he now inhabits?
It is repugnant to the spirit of the Constitution,-
which declares that " the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens in the several States."
If it were in my power, Mr. Chairman, I would
extend the provisions of our legislation upon thia
subject, so as to reach our whole population. I
would deny to no man, whatever might be his
color, the right to acquire a home for himself and
his family.
Mr. DISNEY. All this discussion about the
mere verbal phraseology of the bill is a very
small affair. There were some inaccuracies of
phraseology occurring in the bill when it was first
drawn up. My health at that time was wretched;
and when we had various discussions in the com-
mittee in regard to it, I requested a clerk in the
Land Office to write and draw up a bill in con-
formity with the principles I suggested. The bill
was so drawn up, but 1 found inaccuracies, and I
sent it back, and it was again rewritten, at my
suggestion.
But here is one solitary instance of a verbal
inaccuracy, which gentlemen have pointed out,
and that is easily remedied. Itis not worth.talking
about. Thegentleman Irom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Howe,] who has just taken his seat, has supposed
that there was some covert, latent meaning in the
use of the word " Ameiican," and that it might
be intended to affect the rights of those emigrants
who became citizens of the United States by virtue
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. The gentle-
man ought to know that it is not competent for
