362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
was intended to have this operation, that he should
not charge the Sault Ste. Marie canal, at least
upon the delegation from Wisconsin, as an en-
tirety, for they were not—and I speak for myself,
as being the one who broke the entirety—they
were not, as an entirety, for that work; and how
did they come to vote for it ? Why, instructions
came on from the Legislature for us to do it. How
those instructions came to be gotten up I know
not, but so it was. Instructions came, and I
obeyed them. I voted for the grant for the Sault
Ste. Marie canal, though I believed it to be con-
trary to the interests of Wisconsin. We have
now, so far as the Senate is concerned, made a
grant of land connecting with the central railroad
extending to Lake Superior, and connecting with
the great central railroad from Mobile, so as to
extend to the copper region of Lake Superior. I
believe that the commerce of that lake would best
benefit Wisconsin by bringing it through the
bosom of our State; and I said that the Sault Ste.
Marie canal would divert the commerce of the
lake away from Wisconsin, take it around through
the Sault, through Lake Huron, Detroit river, and
on through Lake Eiie to the East; and conse-
quently the great northern and southern route
would lose the benefit of it. I consequently felt
opposed to the work; but the Legislature sent on
instructions, and as soon as they came 1 announced
to one of the Senators from Michigan [Mr. Pelch]
that I should have to go for the work. Now it
will be seen why 1 made the remark to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina. It was that he was
doing injustice, so far as that section of the coun-
try was concerned, when he charged that measure
upon the Northwest. It was not in keeping with
their interests, in my opinion; but my Legislature
thought differently, from some motive, and con-
sequently I obeyed the instructions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from
South Curolma has alluded to the grant of seven
hundred thousand acres of Sand to Michigan for
the construction of the Sault Ste. Mane Canal. I
wish to call his attention to the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to show that
the Government is fully reimbursed for the grant
which was then made:
" Til the Sault Ste. Marie district, in Michigan, the en
tries (or Hie second and Hurt! quarters ol IK32 amount to
40,iy?;).6"> actes. and loi the second and ilmd quartets of
1853, to b9,0?y 81 acres.
" I hi-gri at arid extianrdinnry increase in the amount of
land- d!-|><N(>d of in these several sections ot theeountiy,
remote (i<nu eneh oilier, can only be accounted for by the
improvements tvlerred to. In (act, so gieat is the increase
in the value of lands, that land wai rants and land soup are
nociiiy up to the par or face value. If, then, no othci re.i-ou
existed for Mich gram*, tin* one, on the score of sound
economy, would he sufficient. Many of these land-, how-
ever, lutve been in mai ket Ions enough for the interest to
amount to much more than the ptincipal; and dining all
this peiiod the Slate* weie deprived ol the light and benefit
Of taxation."
There is another thing to which I would call
the attention of the Senate—and that is this: If
there &h<>uld be evil or wrong growing out of
these grants, that they will end as soon as your
loids.hip over the domain within the borders of
the States shall cease, as soon as your proprie-
tary right ehnll terminate in the States, the evil,
if it he one, is at an end. It is not like moneyed
approprhit ions from the National Treasury, nor js
it any donation a tali. As soon, then,as this Gov-
ernment is divested of its title to the lands,
whether it he by sales to individuals or giants to
States, the alleged injustice and nnpropi lety will
ha\e teninnated. I ut hear what the Commis-
sioner of the Geneial Land Office says, in contin-
uation:
"The lands donated for the conduction of thee tni
pjoveinent'-, and iIiin- tint'* entered, nm«!, of neees-it>, he
cultivated, to enable the holder to pay the ta\'e-\ and hnm
this legitimate source ot revenue jrieat peeutmny benetit
will he derived by the Stat«'^. This cultivation, n- a
matter of cour-e, will increase the amount of cram and
stock in the country ; and with the«*e increased facilities
fot send my tho-o product* to mat ket, will reduce the price
of living, and tints benefit tile whole* enmmunity They
will also induce th'3 piieeof traii'poitanon for the manu-
factaies and impels of the *ea-hoatds, and <o i educe the
price ot tlios-' artw-ies to the settler, arid propoitionally
increase the quantity u*ed, and. of course, the profit to the
manufacturer and importer. The mail facilities furnished
by these lines of intercommunication will he ot great ad-
vantage to the Government and the enure eommumfv ; arid
lti ea*e ot vvar, if hostilities were brought to our own bor-
ders, tin- advantages, furnished b\ them for nan^portnic
men and milttaiy stores, are almost inappreciable. Another,
ami very great advantage, deuved from these improve-
ments, is the amount of capital and labor earned into the
hearts of the several States by their constiucuon. Hun-
dreds of thousands of laborers can find constant employ-
ment on them, and each, by a very small amount of labor,
can secure the blessings of a " homestead,-" without teei-
ingdegiaded by having it conferred on him, as a gratuity,
even it it were constitutional thus to benefit a few at the
expense of the many, or compatible with the pledges here-
tofore given in relation to the public lands;.
"To grants of this character, for rail toads, canals, &c.,
not one tangible or substantial objection can he pr< sented.
! he increased value given to the lands enables the Govern-
ment to get double puce, and a ready sale for those re-
tained, and hence the grant coats them nothing. The same
reason removes all difficulty in relation to the pledge given
by the United States, at the cession of these lands, that they
should be consideied a common fund for the ti&e and benefit
of all the States, and renders them more available towards
meeting the obligation impo&ed on them by the act of 2oth
January, 1847, that the proceeds should he set apait for the
payment of the public debt created by that act. Let the-e
canals and railroads be completed, and the husbandman
will no longer have reason to complain that his gram re-
mains nngarnered from year to year, because theie is no
mode of sending it to market; it will all be eagerly sought
after, and, with his surplus stock, will be sent abroad over
the land to feed thousands ot his less fortunate fellow-
beings, while he will thus be made to rejoic« in the pros-
pen ty secuied by his honest toil and industry, saying noth-
ing of the advantages to the business and finance, of the
country."
I will trouble the Senate with reading no fur-
ther.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to answer the ques-
tion which was put by my friend from Georgia
[Mr Dawson] when this subject was before the
Senate in the earlier part of the day. The question
was this: How we should answer, those of us who
represent the old States, to our constituents for
sitting quietly by and seeing all these appropria-
tions of public lands made tor purposes of inter-
nal improvement in the new States, while no por-
tion of the public domain was applied or set apart
for the benefit of those which we lepresent. I
want to tell my friend the motive which influences
me, and the reason, which, m my judgment, ren-
ders it necessary that we, who represent the old
States, should submit to pursue the same course,
arid feel ourselves without remedy. It is tins,
sir: the representatives of the new States have in-
geniously contrived to induce a large portion of
those gentlemen who represent the old States to
adopt the opinion that we have no constitutional
power to make an application of the public lands
for the benefit of all the States. They have this in-
genious system laid down—I do not know whether
you will call it argument or reasoning—that the
lands constitute a fund, held by the General Govern-
ment as an agent or trustee lor the benefit of all
States; the proceeds of these lands are no longer
needed to assist in defraying the ordinary expend-
itures < f the Government, in which all the States
are concerned, bpcause our Treasury is overflow-
ing; but it is utterly unconstitutional, it is illegal,
it is a violation of the duty of the trustee to apply
the lands, to themselves, or the proceeds of the
lands, for ihe benefit of all the States, for whose
benefit, nevertheless, and for whose benefit only,
the tiustee holds the lands.
Now, sir, see the result of that pioposition. It
is unconstitutional to apply the proceeds of the
public hinds, or any portion of the proceeds of
the public lands, for the benefit of all the States.
It is unconstitutional to appropriate the lands
themselves, or any portion of the lands them-
selves, for the benefit of all the States. Well,
now, sir, the moment you have got these two
propositions assented to by a large proportion of
gentlemen who represent the old States, permit
me fo inquiie what resource is left for us but
simply to tit by quietly and permit the lands to
be disposed of for the benefit of the new States '
U is unconstitutional to jjtve us any share, inter-
est, proportion, or benefit in the fund held for
our benefit in common with the other States.
We do not need it to defray the expenditures of
1 the Government; and it is unlawful, unconstitu-
• tional, and wrong to give us the benefit of it in
'| any other foim ! That doctrine is agreed to by a
! majority of the representatives of the old States;
, am},of course, while that doctrine is held, the old
i States are utterly powerless, and cannot derive
. any benefit or advantage from the public lands.
, We hear much said about the expenditure of the
i common blood and treasure; we hear many calls
• made to the patriotic fervor of Congress and of
, the people; but,after all, it settles down into that.
; The lands, some of them, were granted for the
1 benefit of all the States, and others were acquired
!■ for the benefit ot all the States. And yet it is un-
I lawful, unconstitutional, unbearable, that the Gov-
I! eminent should apply them for the benefit of all
the States in the only way in which they can be
applied for the benefit of all the States.
Now, sir, I am as sensible of the injustice done
tto the old States as is my friend from Georgia. I
'think it is a crying injustice; one which ought to
be remedied. I think it is an evil which ought to
be collected. I think it an unwise and unjust
hoarding of the property from the general pur-
poses of benefit to all the States in this Union. [
think the old States have a right to ask, to de-
mand, that a reasonable portion of this domain
shall be set apart for their benefit. But what
avails my thinking so, or my friend from Georgia
thinking so? Our States do not think so. That
is the case, at least in a great many instances, in
regard to the old States. Their representatives
do not think so. And while, by a union among
ourselves, we might, without, withdrawing—for I
would not be willing to withdraw at all the assist-
ance which we give to the new members of the
Union—that assistance at any time, it seems to
me, make large and liberal appropriations of these
lands for the benefit of the old States.
Now, Mr. President, I am reduced to this situ-
ation. 1 would, if I could, do anything for the
benefit of the old States; I would especially do it
for my own State. I believe it to be constitutional,
right, and proper. Itcannotbut be constitutional,
right, and proper that the trustee, if he be a trus-
tee, should dispose of the fund for the benefit of
his cestui que trust. But I am overruled. What
am I to do ? Am I to sit here and, by reason of
my opposition to the bills which ate intended to
advance the interests of the States in which the
lands are situated, show myself to have a mahg*
nant wish to check their prosperity? Certainly
not. 1 have no such wish. 1 wish to have the
lands disposed of for useful and just purposes. I
wish to have our own just share of them; but we
cannot get it. ! would unite with the representa-
tives of the old States in making it a condition
upon these grants that we should have our share
of them; but they will not unite with me. And,
therefore, as I cannot make any opposition which
will result in any good to the old States, whose
interests, I think, have been unjustly overlooked,
why should 1 exhibit myself here as making op-
position at once ungracious and bootless against
the advancement of any State in this Union ?
The Senator fiom Maine says that this bill,
or another bill before us this morning, I do not
know which, as it departs from the original prin-
ciple on which these grants of alternate sections
were made, and gives land for the purpose of
aiding in the constiuction of a road beyond the
line of the road, and not contiguous to it, is in effect
either a disguised or undisguised application of
; lands for internal improvements. Well, sir, the
legislation is not the less acceptable to me on that
accou nt.
If you will not distribute these lands, nor the
proceeds of them, among ail the States, why
should you not apply them to useful and advanta-
geous purposes, why not to purposes of infernal
improvement? Surely,if it is unconstitutional to
give them to the owners,it must he constitutional
to ?ive them somewhere else. The Government
cannot be bound to keep these lands.
My friend from Iowa has suggested what is reaily
at last a comfortable reflection; that inasmuch as
the domain, however lar^e, is not inexhaustible,
our brethren and friends in the n^w States will at
length have absorbed the whole of it, and then fhe
inconvenience of making further grants to them,
if it be an inconvenience, will have ceased. But
permit me to tell him that that characteristic of the
public domain does not make it a distinguishing
characteristic, which separates it in character from
the public Treasury; for it is as true with regard to
the public Treasury that, after you have exhausted
it all, there will be no more that you can give from
it. The only difference is, that by a resort to du-
ties or taxation, we may put more money into the
Treasury. And permit me to tell him we have a
similar and an equally efficacious mode for put-
ting more lands into the public domain.
Here stands Mexico ; another treaty with half
a million of acres of public lands ceded to us will re-
plenish the domain. And after we have exhausted
that, we have the residue of Mexico and the whole
of South America to look to. So that I do not see,
at last, that we shall derive any particular or
special advantage from the prospect that the pres-
ent public domain will be exhausted finally, any
