1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Also, that they had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
making provision for the postai service in the
State of California, and in the Territories of
Oregon and Washington.
The message aiso announced that the House
had passed an order requesting the Senate to send
them a certified copy of the bill of the Senate for
the relief of Thomas Butler, the original having
been mislaid.
The Senate proceeded to consider the above
order of the House of Representatives, and in
concurrence therewith, directed the transmission
to them of a certified copy of the above-named
bill.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act to create and provide a pension for Da-
vid Towle.
An act to increase the salaries of executive and
judiciary offices in Oregon, New .Mexico, Wash-
ingtonf Utah, and Minnesota.
An act making appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of the Cayuse war.
An act for the relief of Robert Grignon.
An act for the relief of Captain George Simp-
ton, of Galveston.
An act for the relief of Pamela Brown, widow
of Major General Jacob Brown, of the United
States Army, decensed.
An act for the relief Charles Lee Jones.
An act creating a collection district in New
York, to be called the district of Dunkirk, and
constituting Dunkirk a port of entry, and the
ports of Barcelona, Silver Creek,and Cattaraugus
Creek ports of delivery.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855.
An act making provision for the postal service
in the State of California, and in the Territories
of Oregon and Washington.
Which were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
During the discussion on the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, a brief period before the
adjournment, another message was received from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McKean,
Chief Clerk, announcing that the Speaker had
signed the following enrolled biU«:
An act for the relief of James M. Goggin.
An act tor the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Thomas Chapman, formerly collector
of the port of Geoigetown, South Carolina.
An act authorizing a patent to be issued to Peter
Poncin for certain lands therein described.
An act for the relief of Conrad Wheat, jr., or
his legal representatives.
An act for the relief of Richard King.
An act for the relief of Richard M. Bouton,
George Wright, and the widow of Marvin W.
Fisher.
An act for the relief of Andrew J. Dickerhoff.
A bill for the relief of Lavinia Taylor.
An act for the relief of Samuel H. Hempstead.
An eict for the relief of John W. Kelly.
An act for the relief of Sylvester T. Jerauld,as-
signee of the interest of Henry Richaud.
An act to ascertain and adjust the titles to certain
lands in the State of Indiana.
An act for the relief of Ira Baldwin.
An act for the relief of Thomas D. Jennings.
An act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman.
An act for the relief of James Wormsley.
An act for the relief of Mary Carlton.
An act for the relief of Sarah Crandall.
An act for the relief of Joseph Campau.
An#ct for the relief of Manuel Hernandez.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B. Coch-
rane, widowof thelate LieutenantR. E. Cochrane,
United States Army.
An act for the relief of William Claude Jones.
An act for the relief of Joseph Gonder, jr., and
John PufT.
An act for the relief of William Harris, of
Georgia.
An act for the relief of James Edwards and
others.
An act for the relief ofThomas Snodgrass.
An act for the relief of William Miller.
•I
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Samuel Prioleau, deceased.
An act for the relief of John S, Wilson. •
An act for the relief ofThomas S. Russell.
An act for the relief of A. G. Bennett.
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and seamen of the United States
schooner Grampus, who were lost in that vessel,
in March, 1843, near the coast of the United States.
An act to confirm a certain land claim in Louisi-
ana, known as the Fleurian claim.
An act to incorporate the proprietors*of the
Glenwood Cemetery.
An act for the relief of Passed Midshipmen
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells.
An act for the relief of William Senna Factor.
An act for the relief of the executors of the late
brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, of the United
States Army.
An act for the relief of the Representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased.
Which were then signed by the President pro
tempore.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill from the House, " making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855."
Mr. Hamlin had submitted an amendment for
e erection of certain custom-houses, as published
esterday.
Mr. Adams had moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding to the custom-house appropria-
tions the following proviso:
Provided, That no money shaM be expended for a custom-
house under the provisions of this act at any place where
the customs dp not equal the expense of collection.
The pending question is on this amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. My object in offering that
amendment was not to discontinue any collection
district, or to remove any one from office, but it
has been represented that Congress has passed
various bills establishing custom districts and ap-
pointing officers where no customs are collected,
or if any at all, very little. It does seem to me
that if the receipts into the Treasury are not
equal to the expenses of collecting, we should not
go on to build custom-houses.
I admit, sir, that this is intended rather as an
inquiry into this report. If we have collection
districts all over the country at an expense to the
Government, without any corresponding advant-
age, when the commerce of the country does not
require such districts, it is right that we should
know it. At all events, this proposition limits
the expenditures to the districts wh$*e the cus-
toms amount to the expenses of collection. 1 am
not disposed to detain the Senate, but this seems
to me to be a most reasonable proposition, and
one to which none can reasonably object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that the amendment
to the amendment will not be adopted. There are
two rules, I think, which prevail in the collection
of the revenue. There are two classes of officers
necessary in the revenue department, one to collect
revenue, the other to prevent frauds on the reve-
nue; one to serve as a preventive force, the other
as a collective force-, and one is just as necessary
as the other.
We all know that in a very few of th i principal
ports, nine tenths of all our revenue is collected;
but still, if we had no preventive force at other
points, the whole revenue system would be evad-
ed. It is true, m point of fact, in some districts
| where little or no revenue is collected, the prevent-
ive force is necessary, and a vast number of
officers are required for the keeping of records,
and the charge of papers. I refer to those dis-
tricts particularly composed of fishermen. They
add to the wealth of the country though they do
not pay duties on imports.
Mr. RUSK. So far as the appropriations are
concerned for my own State, the amendment to
the amendment would noraffect it. 1 hope, how-
ever, that it will not pass, i see no good reason for
it; and I see very many good reasons against it.
These custom-houses are necessary to protect
the revenue. I will instance the State of Texas.
Our exports there amount to $10,000,000, and
upwards, annually. I have no idea that I should
be under the estimate, if I should say that the im-
ports, upon which duties are paid, and which are
consumed within that State, amount to $5,000,000
annually; and, perhaps, considerably more, if
so, there would bea revenue derived from the con-
sumption by the people of that State of §200,000,
or $300,000; but the amount of duties collected in
her ports would fall very far short of that sum,
because the goods would be imported into New
York, and would go by the coastwise trade to the
ports of Texas. They would do so for two rea-
sons: In the first place, there is a larger amount
of capital in the city of New York for the pur-
pose of making these importations; and, in the
second place, the accommodations offered by the
custom-house there, are much greater than m any
of the ports of my State.
Under such circumstances the operation of the
Government is to give an additional inducement
to the larger importations of the large cities, over
and above the amount of capital which they have,
b"y the facilities which the Government itself af-
fords to those larger ports for the collection of
duties, by these means adding to the expenses
and additional charge for reshipment and freight
along the coast to be received at Texas. It seems
to me that the Government ought, at least, to put
the smaller ports upon an equality in point of ac-
commodation, becau8e,as a matter of course, great
expenses would be saved, if you made the trade
as direct as possible between the producer and
consumer.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWSON, i desire to present an amend-
ment to the amendment for the custom-houses.
Brunswick, in the State of Georgia, has been,
during this session of Congress, made a port of
entry. If. is one of the finest harbors in the entire
South, and the nearest one to the Gulf of Mexico.
There are now several canals m connection with
it just being completed, and their celebration has
just taken place. Then there is a railroad from
that place directly over to Mobile, which will
make it one of the most important ports in our
part of the country. 1 now ask, sir, to have ap-
propriated for the building: of a custom-house at
that port, §50,000. 1 would further state, that my
frienu from Vermont [Mr. Foot] is very well
acquainted with its location, and knows the great
importance of that place. If any appropriation
should be made of this kind, an appropriation for
Brunswick is indispensably necessary, for it is
now a port of entry. My amendment is to add
the following:
For the building of a custom-house and post office a5
Brunswick, m the State of Georgia, {$50,000
Mr. HAMLIN. Is that m ordei ? Has it been
recommended by a Depaitment or reported from
a committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Georgia inform the Chair whether the
amendment to the amendment is moved by direc-
tion of a standing committee of the Senate, or in
pursuance of an estimate from the head of a De-
partment ?
Mr. DAWSON. It is not moved by a com-
mittee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Or estimated for by a Depart-
ment ?
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then it is excluded by the
rule.
Mr. DAWSON. The paper which was read
yesterday, from the Department, in regard to the
amendment which is pending, was not an esti-
mate made by the Department; it was merely a
letter in response to the members who had asked
some questions on that subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 had the estimates in every
case in my hands.
Mr. DAWSON. I can obtain one. But, Mr.
President, have I not a right to move an amend-
ment to the amendment, whether it is recom-
mended by the committee or anybody else? 1
do not offer this as an original proposition, but
as an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that under the rule no original amend-
ment can be made unless it he recommended by a
standing committee, or be in pursuance of an es-
timate from a Department. The Senator from
Georgia moves to amend the amendment, and the
Chair supposes that the same rule applies to such
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. If I then address a letter to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and obtain fiom
