1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
more than we could that thepresent sum of money
in the Treasury may be exhausted ; for, assure
yourself, sir, we shall take care to replenish both
of then), and keep the country with an abundance
of public lands to dispose of, and of public money
to spend.
1 have made these remarks in answer to my
friend from Georgia, and the question which he
says might be asked by our constituents. 1 am
one of those who have never been disposed to in-
terpose a factious or ill-natured opposition to any
measure of this kind. I could not have done it
consistently with my own feelings, because I have
no enmity or desire to obstruct the advancement
of any portion of the people of the country; and
because I really see no objection, in principle, to
the application of public lands in this way. Not
that there have not been objectionable cases.
There have been some such, and in every mode
of expenditure there will he such. The real ob-
jection is, that while these grants are made to the
new States, nothing is given to the old. In my
opinion it is unreasonable, and it is unjust. It is
a misapplication of the public domain. It ought
to be corrected. But we of the old States have no
right to complain, for a large portion of us have
voluntarily come to the conclusion that it is un-
constitutional to give us any portion of our own
property.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not my purpose, Mr.
President, to protract this debate, but I desire to
answer some of the suggestions which have been
made by my friend from North Carolina. It is a
little singular that not a single individual who has
opposed the passage of this bill, and the kindred
bills before the Senate, has attempted to contro-
vert the position taken by the Senator from
Louisiana, by my colleague, and by other Sena-
tors, in reference to this question; and that is,
that a grant of this sort is no gift, is no donation,
but is a disposition of the public lands in such a
manner as to secure their sale at as large an
amount as the whole would sell for without any
grant of alternate sections. Not one Senator has
disputed that position, and yet each opponent of
the bill, when he comes to speak of it, treats it
as a donation, as a gift, as a gratuity to the new
States. .
I wish to call the attention of my honorable
friend from North Carolina to what I consider to
be a slight misapprehension on his part as to the
object of the old States andofthe Federal Govern-
ment in the acquisition of the public lands. My
opinion lias always been, that the object in secur-
ing and purchasing lands by the Federal Gov-
ernment was not to use them for purposes of
speculation, fie complains that the old States
have not been well treated in regard to this mat-
ter. I say the old States have no claim over and
above the restoration into the Treasury of every
dollar which the public lands have cost. The citi-
zens of the new States are the sons ot the citizens
of the old States. You of the old States raise
more people than you can supply with lands, and
you send them out to the new Slates. The people
of the new States have gone there from the old
States, and, by their labor, have made these lands
valuable, and have restored to the Treasury every
dollar which you paid for them, with a large per-
centage. Hence, even if this were a gratuity, the
old States have not the same claim to it as the new-
States; but it has already been shown that this is
no gratuity at all. . .
The old Slates stand in a very different position
towards the public lands than the new States._ I
admit that they have a claim, a legitimate claim,
to require that a disposition of the lands shall be
made as will restore to the Treasury every dollar
which their acquisition has cost, and all the inci-
dental expenses connected with it. But, say, i
never was the policy, and never can be thepolu-y,
of this Government, and the gentleman s constitu-
ents do not desire the Federal Governmentto turn
land speculator, with a view of making money
from its citizens by selling lands which it has pur-
chased. That was not the object of the acquisition
of these lands. . .
I cannot.suppose that in v honorable friend from
Georgia will have any difficulty in answering the
questions which he propounds. He sayshis con-
stitueuts may require to know of him why these
lar?e grants, or donations, as he calls them, were
inadelo the new Slates, and nothing given to the
old States. Now, let me say to him, that the
whole of the State which I have the honor in part
to represent once belonged to the State of Georgia;
she fixed her own price for it, and the Government
paid that price. The Government has made a
good speculation by that pure! ase. Millions on
millions of dollars have gone into the Treasury
from the sales of land to the people of the State
which I have the honor in part to represent. If
the constituents of the gentleman from Georgia
call upon him to know why Congress appropriated
alternate sections of land to Mississippi, lie can
say to them, "You have received your own price
for that State, and you can expect no more.
But, sir, it is useless to consume time on this
subject unless some gentleman can show that the
position assumed by the fiiends of this measure
is an erroneous one. Unless that can be shown,
unless the report of the Secretary of the Interior
is a false report, unless something can be shown
to contradict the statements of Senators who have
a personal knowledge of the effect of these grants
on the value of the public lands, the question is
beyond dispute. That it is reasonable, that it is
right and proper, that alternate sections should be
granted in and for the construction of railroads,
it seems to me no man can doubt for a single
moment, when he looks at its practical effect on the
country. The effect of it is really to bring more
money into the Treasury from the public lands than
I would be received without such grants.
! My friend from Georgia has spoken of the value
of the lands which we grant for these purposes,
and he has estimated it at 25 an acre. I do
not know how it may be in other States, but 1 can
! say to that Senator, that if the lands proposed to
, be granted to Mississippi, by the bill which has
been introduced for that purpose, were put up at
i public auction to-morrow, and sold after any sort
I of notice which could be given, they would not
bring, on the average, five cents an acre; and,
without the aid of the railroads to be constructed
by the citizens there, they would never bring ten
cents an acre. As my colleague has said, much
of that land has been in market for forty years,
and it will remain in market for ever unless an
inducement be furnished for its settlement by the
construction of roads. Therefore, [ say, the esti-
mate of Senators, that a large amount is to be given
to the States is erroneous; of course, not intention-
ally so. The Senators have not been in the new
Suites, and do not know the real value of these
lands.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I do not sup-
pose we shall be able to close the discussion upon
this bill to-day, although thus far there have been
no new points presented. I believe the discus-
sion now—1 say it with all respect—is only a re-
hash of what we have often had upon these bills
heretofore; and, therefore, for the purpose of
enabling Senators to get their dinners, 1 move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STUART, i ask the Senator to with-
draw his motion. 1 think we can take a vote
upon the bill in a very few moments.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to with-
drawing the motion to adjourn, if we can now
1 get a vote upon the question; but if the discus-
sion is to be continued, I prefer my dinner to this
rehash. :
Mr. STUART. If the Senator withdraws his >
motion I appeal to the Senate to take the question ;
now upon the bill. If there is nothing new to be i
said upon it, it need certainly excite no further
discussion.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
'Mr. CASS. I wish merely to say, that we have
fought this battle every winter since I have been
in Congress, and I think nothing can be said at
this day to alter the vote of any Senator pres
Mr. DAWSON. I merely wish to make a few
observations in relation to this measure.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 will move an adjournment
if the Senator desires it.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; I do not wish the
Senate to adjourn on my account.
Gentlemen speak of the value of these lands.
They say that in some parts of the country the
public lands are worth very little. That is true;
but what is the reason of it? It is because there
! are more lands within the limits of the United
1 States owned by the General Government than
! there is a demand for. Our population is not equal
to the quantity of lands which we have. But that
is not the point upon which I wish to comment.
My friend from Iowa seemed to be somewhat
excited in regard to the observations which 1 made
as to there being no report from the Committee
on Public Lands in rej.ard to this subject. Now,
sir, what I said, and what I wish to repeat, in
order that the country may understand it, is that,
for all the propositions to appropriate the public
lands which are now before the two Houses of
Congress, I have not been able to lay my hand
upon a single report setting forth the character of
a proposed improvement, the number of acres of
land which would be required for it, or the char-
acter of the country over which the railroad
would go.
I asked, what would our constituents say to
us, or what could we say to them, when'we were
called upon to respond, why was this thing done ?
I desired a report from the Committee on Public
Lands to accompany these bills, stating their ne-
cessity and the public advantage to result from
them; stating that they were appropriations made
to the States to control internal improvements
in the State. But instead of that, what position
do we occupy here to-day ? I am called upon to
judge of the propriety of granting lands for a par-
ticular railroad. What do I know about that
railroad' If I were a member of the Iowa Legis-
lature, or of the Louisiana Legislature, and the
public lands were given to either of those States
j by the United States, would I, as a legislator for
! either of those States, appropriate those public
■ lands until I knew the railroad line, and had esti-
mates of iis cost, and a report showing the great
public advantages to be derived from its construc-
5 tion ? Not one of us could do it, and yet we are
i appropriating here hundreds of millions of acres
of the public lands by our votes for railroads, con-
[ fining them to particular routes, without any
I knowledge of those routes.
j Now, sir, I maintain that this is wrong. You
I will not appropriate $50 for the payment of a claim
to a soldier, or to a private citizen, unless you
I know the facts of the case. When a bill is read at
I the table, appropriating a small amount of money
i for a private claim, Senators call for the reading
j of the report, to show the principle, to show the
| justice of the claim; yet these wonderful appro-
j priationsare made here daily without laying before
j the country the facts upon which we act.
I Now, sir, I repeat thequestion, if I should vote
j for this proposition, and were asked why I did it,
; where are the estimates; where are the representa-
i tions contained m a report to justify that vote, or
i to satisfy the country, what answer should I
\ make? Hence it was that 1 did say that I was
waiting for a general report from the Committee
| on Public Lands. I will go, like my friend from
I Delaware said he would go, down as low as to
I require estimates from them. And as the Secre-
tary of the Interior is the great manager of the
internal affairs of this country, I call upon him,
' in relation to every railroad, thatit shall be desig-
; nated; and I ask of him to let us know the char-
i acler of the public lands through which that road
, is to pass, the number of acres to be granted for
' it, and how the lands are to be obtained, and what
influence the grant would have on the finances of
' the country, and what would be the extent of the
appropriation of lands contemplated. Would not
this be right? Would it not be just? And will
. it be considered offensive on my part, when these
! appropriaiions of millions of acres of the public
' lands were ahout being made, that I ask for such
I information ? I do not ask Senators to rise m
; their seats and tell me about them, but I wish
them to tell me, as statesmen, in such a manner
' as should control the conduct of Senators m the
management of the public affairs. Where is the
i report of an engineer; where is the statement of
the Secretary of the Interior, or of the Commis-
sioner of Public Lands, giving to me the actual
, facts of the case along a line of railroad three hun-
. dred miles in extent? I know nothing but what
II my friend from Louisiana (Mr. Sijdellj said m
11 regard to the road in his State. I do not know
i the character of the improvement; but he told me
; that one hundred and seventy miles of it were
through a settled population where the whole of
the public lands were gone; yet, in that instance,
according to the construction of the Senator from
Maine, we appropriated land, as he maintained,
and said to my friend from Illinois, section upon
