1854.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1931
a recommendation in reply, will that make
this in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DA WSON. Very well, I cah do that.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce, to which i think there can be no ob-
jection; certainly none on the part of the friends
of this measure. It is one which is well guarded,
and it asks for no appropriation of money at this
time. I hope it will meet with general approba-
tion. I make it as a report from a committee:
And the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and empowered to provide necessary accommo-
dations tor the courts of the United States and the officer?,
connected with them m the district of Massachusetts, by
fitting up and leasing the same until permanent accommo-
dations can he provided, as hereinaflei pioposed.
Jlndhe it fui tker enacted That the Pre&identcause to be
procured, by purchase or otherwise, suitable sites for build-
ing* to be used as court-hoiis.es and post offices m the cities
•of Boston, New York, I'luludrlphja, and Baltimore; and
th.it he prepare and submit to (Jongie^, ut as early a day as
practicable, the plans and estimates ot the same, together
with any contract or contracts he may make for any site or
«iies, which contract or contracts shall he conditional and
•only effective m case thpy are approved by Congress.
The material part of this amendment consists
of the second section, which authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to make conditional con-
tracts, and submit them to the next Congress, for
suitable sites for the courts and post offices in the
cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore. Provisions for most of the other States
are contained m this bill. There has been recom-
mendation after recommendation for this. Bills
providing for each of these piaces have passed the
Senate separately. There is an absolute necessity
for it; much moiethan there is for many of the
provisions of the original amendment.
The courts are literally in the streets in the city
of Philadelphia. Suitable places cannot be oh-
tamed there for them. Buildings cannot be hired
from individuals suitable for the postoffice, either
in New York or Philadelphia, except at an enor-
mous rent. The amendment which I have offered
authorizes conditional contracts to be made, and
they are to be submitted to Congress.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator had better
change it, ynd have the estimates and propositions
sent, but no contract made.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My amendment provides
that the I^resident shall submit the conditional
contracts, which he may make, to the next Con-
gress.
Mr. GWIN. Ct should not provide for a con-
tact. Let us have the propositions for Congress
to act upon.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The contracts are only
to be conditional.
Mr, HUNTER, Is that amendment in order ?
There is no estimate for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposes no appropriation at all, and the
Chair knows no objection to it. It merely au-
thorizes conditional contracts to be made.
Mr. BRIGHT. This subject has already been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary for the
purpose of ascertaining whether or not the public
interest would be promoted by erecting suitable
buildings at the capital of every State, or at every
point where the circuit and district courts of the
United States are held by authority of law. No
greater necessity for such building can exist at
any one of the points named in the amendment
to the amendment than exists at the capital of the
State which I represent. As evidence of that, I
will refer to the memorial of the Legislature which
is now on file here, to various petitions which 1
have presented, and to the bill which I introduced
at an early stage of the session. I do not wish
to embarrass the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. It may be that there are Senators
who do not desire appropriations for buildings
within their respective States; but I do desire it
for my State; and I intend to resist this amend-
ment, unless Indianapolis is included in it. There-
fore, if the Senator insists upon his amendment, I
move, as an amendment to it, that Indianapolis
be inserted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
now in order. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Pennsylvania is an amendment to
a pendihg; amendment
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania whether he will accept it?
Mr. BRODHEAD.
accept every other anaei
Mr. BRIGHT. I '
tor feels he has a right
Mr. BRODHEAD.
If I do, I will have to
ent of the same kind,
ihend that every Sena-
. jch an amendment.
There are many places
■. j.i i
testae
tl&Tu
and cities hot provided with post offices. The
amendment reported from the Committee on Com-
merce makes provision for post offices in the
various places mentioned in it.
Mr. CASS. In all of them?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know that two or three
of the places are provided for in the original
amendment, advocated by the Senator from Mich-
igan. Provision is made in several of them for
post offices, and perhaps in all of them. And
why, sir, should the city of Boston, or New
York, or Philadelphia, not have suitable accom-
modation for post offices, when all the little towns
mentioned in the original amendment are pro-
vided for? There is more business done in one
day, m the post office at New York, than is done
in all the post offices provided for in the original
amendment. I do not wish to say anything that
will damage that amendment, but I say this for
the purpose of showing the absolute necessity for
the provision made in the amendment which I
have offered.
Mr. WALKER. For my life I cannot see
why there should be opposition to this amend-
ment. Here is a proposition to submit to the
President of the United States the power to con- i
tract for these buildings at places where they are j
a matter of absolute necessity. 1
Mr. BRODHEAD. He is to make conditional
contracts, which are to be submitted to Con-
Mr. WALKER. They are to be conditional
contracts which are to be submitted to Congress,
and passed upon and ratified or rejected by it.
While it is deemed expedient and proper that ap-
propriations should be made for the other places
in the United States mentioned in the original
amendment, I cannot for my life see why this
should not be done for the places named m the
amendment to the amendment. In one case they
have no court-house, and in the other the apart-
ments are very inconvenient. I believe it is so in
both places.
A Senator. Where?
Mr. WALKER. Philadelphia and Boston.
Mr. BRODHEAD. They have none in Phila-
delphia.
Mr. ROCKWELL and Mr. SUMNER. And
none in Boston.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot see the reason for
the opposition to the proposition. 1 shall support
it cheerfully.
Mr. BUPLER. It is but just to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, of which 1 am chairman,
that I should say a word here. Originally a
proposition came to the committee from the city
of Boston, asking that some arrangements should
be made, by the Secretary of the Interior, I think,
to afford them some place in which to hold the
United States courts. Under the circumstances,
it was thought reasonable that in Boston, where
there had been such opposition made to the Fed-
eral courts, we should have some permanent
place in which the Fcdeial judge could hold his
court. Out of that grew the amendment, in sub-
stance, which is now proposed. It has been the
subject of conversation before the committee, and
I give notice to the Senate that it wilHfee the com-
mencement of a system of having Federal court-
houses in every State of the Union. I do not
know but that it may be right; but I can say that
this is not the proper bill, nor this the proper oc-
casion to decide upon such measures.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Whether there is an ab-
solute necessity or not for having Federal court-
The original amendment makes an appropri-
ation of money from the Treasury; the one which
1 have offered directs the President of the United
States to make conditional contracts, and that is
the proper way to do it. If we were to direct
him merely to submit propositions, one set Amen
in Philadelphia or New York would say this is
the best site, these are the best proposals; another
set would advocate other sites and other proposals.
You must leave it as a question of administration
to make conditional contracts, and submit the
same to Congress. That is the best way. We
shall then have the contract in form before us. It
is, therefore, sound economy, it ia right in form;
and certainly, although this bill is pretty large,
although it may be somewhat questionable whether
it will ever be sustained in a committee of confer-
ence, which I think very doubtful, it is proper to
put this in. If there is any necessity existing in
Indiana, as indicated by the honorable Senator,
[Mr. Bright,] I have no objection to include In-
dianapolis. I therefore put " Indianapolis" in
the amendment after the word "Boston."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania modifies his amendment by
inserting " Indianapolis."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have received notice from
gentlemen around me which induces me to with-
draw the modification. I should be willing to
modify it, but I cannot obtain the consent of the
committee.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not been resisting this
proposition on the ground that I do not "think it
necessary; but I insist on my amendment,believ-
ing it to be quite as just as the other. If the Sen-
ator will accept it, I will go with him for his prop-
osition.
Mr. COOPER. I think the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague should meet with the favor
of the Senate. I admit that the suggestions of
the Senator from South Carolina have a great
deal of force; but inasmuch as provision is made
in the bill for the purchase of sites, and the erec-
tion of buildings for these purposes at various
points, I cannot conceive why it is improper that
the President should be clothed with power to
make conditional contracts, and to submit them
to Congress at the next session for its action. It
seems to me that it is proper.
I do not know what the condition of Boston or
New York is in this respect, not having made in-
quiry into it, but I know what the condition of
Philadelphia is. We have no convenient edifice
for the post office; we have no edifice at all in
which the courts of the United States can be held.
Our post office is m a building which is very in-
convenient for the purpose, and unsafe in many
respects. There is not the necessary Amount of
room for the clerical force which is engaged in
assorting and distributing the mails. I think,
therefore, it is highly convenient and proper that
the amendment of my colleague should be made.
I have no objection at all to the amendment
which is proposed by the Senator from Indiana,
if it be m order. I have no objection to it if there
is a necessity for a, court-house at the place to
which it alludes. I shall go cheerfully with the
Senator to put it in the bill as an amendment,
when it may be in order. I have no objection to
it, but I do not see why the amendment of my
colleague should not prevail.
Mi. BRIGHT. I understand the Senator from
Pennsylvania accepts my modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He first ac-
cepted it, but then withdrew his acceptance.
Mr. BRIGHT. But he now accepts it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, air.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
amendment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. TOUCEY. The State which I, in part,
houses in all the Stntes I do not know, but cer- ^represent, has as great a necessity for a provision
tainly when we are paying $6,000, or $8>000, or !! of this kind as any other State, but I 'shall not
$10,000 for places in which to hold the courts in j! embarrass this bill by moving an amendment. I
New York, and the same amount in Philadelphia, ! deem the proposition which is embraced m the
and perhaps the samogn Boston, and $10,000 rent.i amendment offered by the Senator from Pennsvl-
for a place, the lease of which will soon expire, for , j vania, to be one of the highest importance. Sir,
a post office, and when we areobliged to pay §6,000 ;j how is it possible that the judicial power of this
or $8,000 a year rent fi®r a place m which to hold ;■ country can be maintained withoutsuitableaccom-
the post office in Philadelphia, it becomes a ques-
tion whether it would not be sound economy to
make purchases at once, and not be taking leases
of buildings which afford very imperfect accom-
modation. If there is any necessity for theoii
j modations in the States, with questions arising
s which involve local hostility? And in what man-
j ncr can the laws of the country be executed with-
out a place of refuge where your courts of justice
may sit? Why, sir, in Boston at this time, you
ginal amendment, there is great necessity for this. M have no place, in Philadelphia you have none; you
