864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
section, to the lines built, and my friend would
not deny it.
Mr. SLIDELL. T beg the pardon of the hon-
orableSenator from Georgia. J do not admit that
that is the correct construction of the bill. On the
contrary, I deny that it is; and if I shall have an
opportunity, [ wili explain theoperation of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator has denied if; for before his denial we stood
in the position of having; that declaration of my
friend from Maine going out to the country with-
out a denial that we are -appropriating the public
lands to a company that has already constructed
the road.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am sure the gen-
tleman from Georgia does not desire to misstate
the facts; and yet, perhaps, it would not be
proper for me to interrupt him and set him right.
I will therefore make my statement when he gets
through.
Mr. DAWSON. I prefer that the gentleman
should slate now whether the Senator from Maine
was right or wrong.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I say this: We do
not grant an acre to any company on God's foot-
stool. We grant that land by that bill to the sov-
ereign State of Louisiana, upon the presumption
that her Representatives—her constituted Repre-
sentatives—are intelligent people, and know what
is best for their own interests much better than
the Senate of the United States can know. Now,
has my friend read all these bills ? I will ask him,
in reference to this very biil, whether he has read
its provisions ?
Mr. DAWSON. I have.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My friend from Georgia
will recollect that when the Iowa bill was under
discussion at the last Congress, there was no pro-
vision m it such as 
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator need not go
back to what then occurred. W e have a distinct
question before us.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator from Geor-
gia ttilow me to make one suggestion ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
^ Mr. JOHNSON. Is the Senator aware what
bill is now before the body ?
Mr. DAWSON. It is immaterial which of
these bills is before ns. I am speaking of the
general character of these measures.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know whether the
Senator was aware of the particular bill before the
Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. Gentlemen ought to under-
stand this matter. I submit to them that, if they
were in the Legislature of Arkansas, or in the
Legislature of Indiana, or of any other State in
the Union, they would appropriate the lands be-
longing to the State on such information as we
have before us to-day? 1 never knew of an ap-
propriation of even $50,000 in money beingj
made on the existence of a like state of facts-,
and yet I am fo be considered as illiberal and
unjust towards the new States, because I can-
not conscientiously say from the facts before
me that this measure ought to be passed. You
avoid every means by which you can get correct
information. lAu* what have you your laud
agents? For what purpose have we a Commis-
sioner of the Land Oilhe? For whai purpose
have we a Secretary of the Interior5 Why have
we these officers, if not for the purpose of sending
to ns information on which we can act under-
standmgiy^ I ask any Senator on this floor now
m favor of these ineasuies if the sole information
he has derived about the matter is not from the
the bill itself and from speeches ofgentlemen? It
is so. Now what i present here as a just right
for me as a Senator is, that these bills, hke'all
other bills, shall be accompanied by a report stat-
ing the facts of the case, so that I can act upon
these measures propeify towards the country
and towards myself.
I repeat again, Mr. President, and I do it with
no unkind, or illiberal, or ungenerous feelings,
that this mode of disposing of so much of the
general treasure of the country, whether it be in
land or in money, under such circumstances as
these, is radically wrong. It shows a system of
legislation proceeding without information, well
calculated to create distrust in the public mmil,
and to destroy that confidence which should be
placed in our legislative action. This is the reason I
why I make this objection. J
As my friend from Iowa knows, ever since I
took a seat on this floor, I have stated my objec-
tions to this mode of proceeding. I have stated
that 1 would be as liberal as the most liberal in
favor ot the younger States. If the public lands
were to be divided to-morrow, I would give them
a magnanimous shai e. 1 would give them an ap-
propuation farabove that which 1 demand m favor
of my own State, for reasons which they have
suggested. But can they call upon me, and do they
believe that, as an honest man, I ought to yield
to them, when they tell me to take their word,and
give them what they ask. They would not trust
me as their agent in private transactions, if I acted
or voted in that way. If I were to act upon such
principles, they would look upon me as a danger-
ous man, in whose hands their piivate rights
should not be placed.
Mr. President, this is an important question.
It is a great question. It is one which the Amer-
ican people ought to understand. I am glad that
the question which I propounded, as to what we
should say to our constituents if we adopted such
action as this, brought forth the gentleman from
Noith Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] who has placed
this question rightly before the country.
We know that there have been divisions in rela-
tion to the question of internal improvements.
We know that our Democratic friends are decid-
edly against internal improvements by the General
Government, and it is known that I have b^en
inclined to the same opinion myself, although 1
have acted steadily with the party to which I have
belonged. Yet, sir, we are now doing indirectly
tiie very thing which we deny the power of the
Government to do directly.
Before I conclude I will put an interrogatory to
the Senator from Louisiana, which lam requested
to make. It is, whether the Senator fioin Maine
put the proper construction upon the bill granting
lands to the State of Louisiana? I understood my
friend from Louisiana to say that he put an im-
proper constitution upon it, and I take his state-
ment. The only objection which I have to make
to it is, that a bill of such importance should be
put through the Senate with two distinguished
men like them differing as to its construction, and
not having it amended to accomplish the object in
view.
In conclusion, I beg pardon of the Senate for
having detained them so long. My views are be-
fore the country upon this question. My con-
sutuents understand them. The old States have
abandoned their right. The new States are sweep-
ing off all the public lands. I wish them success
m their use. i shall not envy them, but 1 shall
always look upon trie carelessness of the old States
m the management of this lauded estate ot thens
as deserving the censure of our section of the
count! y.
Mr. SLIDELL. Many of the remarks which
have been made by the Senator from Georgia have
no application to the bill now under discussion.
Re has evidently been under the impression that
we have now under consideration the bill making
a grant of land to the State of Louisiana.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. 1 was speaking
of the geneial ptmciple of these appropriations.
Mr. SLIDELL. The bill now before the Sen-
ate is one making a grant of land to the State of
Michigan. But I am very ready to respond to |
the interrogatory which the gentleman has put to :
me. I contend that the cont-fr ucMon put upon the
Louisiana hill by the chairman of the Committee '
on Public Lands, [Mr. Dodge, of Iowa,] and by
the ben a tor from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson1,] is
the correct one. It is, that when twenty miles of !
the road shall have been made, then one hundred
and twenty sections of the public lands, lying on '
either side of those twenty miles of road, within S
the distance of fifteen miles, may be taken by the \
State of Louisiana and sold for the purpose of ap- j
propriating the proceeds to the payment of the '
sum that has been disbursed for the twenty miles '
of road which h.ive been built. The honorable 1
Senator from Georgia was laboring under a false !
impiession, and so was the honorable Senator '
from Maine, when he considered that, because this :
road was thiee hundred miles in length, one hun- 1
dred and eiguty miles of which, as I stated, passed
through lands which were not public lands, and
for which, m ail probability, no public lands could
be appropriated within fifteen nules on either side
of the road, therefore there would be appropriated
t[ the amount which would have been appropriated
|| to the three hundred miles of road if the road had
;! passed through public lands for the whole distance.
;! Upon an examination of the bill—and it does not
!j require a very careful examination for the pur-
'l pose—it is evident that the construction which I
'! place on it is the correct one; and if I entertained
it any doubt on that subject, I should most willingly
i; defer to the gentleman whose particular province
'[if has been to examine the subject carefully and
j! report their views to the Senate. They also say
,i that their construction is the one which is put on
. the bill by the Secretary of the Interior, and by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Am I not correct m this?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand it to be the
case.
Mr. SLIDELL Then I will assume such to
be the effect of the bill. Now it has not been pre-
tended in any case that a railroad must pass ex-
clusively over the public land, and it has not been
pretended that the beneficial effects of the construc-
tion of a railroad are confined to the strip of land
which immediately adjoins theroad. The theory
of this bill, and the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, go upon the presumption
that the benefit of the construction of the road will
not be confined to the strip of land immediately
adjoining it; hut all experience has demonstrated
that the land lying on either side within a range
of thirty miles of that road is benefited by its con-
struction. Then, even if the view taken by the
Senator from Maine were correct, I think it could
he demonstrated that the interests of the United
States and of the Treasury would be promoted
by makingthis grant of land, because a large sec-
tion of country now cut off from market, not lying
upon any navigable stream, and which is at pres-
ent utterly inaccessible, will, by the construction
of the road, be brought into settlement. 1 venture
to say further, that at the point beyond which cul-
tivation and settlement on the line of that road to
which I have referred now exist, the value of the
land will be increased tenfold by its construction.
That land really at this moment has no convert-
ible value. Its value will depend only upon the
construction of the road.
The honorable Senator from Delaware asked
| upon what principle these bills could be supported
j and sustained. He said that when appropriations
| were made for internal improvements, they were
| accompanied by repors and estimates from some
j acknowledged authority on the subject—from the
! Secretary of the Treasury, or from the head of
| the Engineer Bureau; so that weshould know ex-
j actly what was to be done in each case, how it
!' was to be done, and what it was to cost. Now,
|| i say we have all the elements of certainty m this
' bill, and in all other bills which are framed after
,| the same model, because they are ail alike. First,
! we know that if there be any public land on either
I side of the road within a range of fifteen miles,
li alternate sections of land will be granted to the
j S'ate of Louisiana to aid in the construction of the
|! road. There cannot be more than that, and there
l( may be much less. In the instance to which I
have leferred, suppose the road to be three hun-
dred miles in length, that, according to my calcu-
li lation, would require about seven hundred thou-
sand or eight hundred thousand acres of oublic
| land. r
! Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Only six hundred
thousand,
Mr. SLIDELL. The chairman of the Com-
| mittee on Public Lands tells me not more than
[ six hundred thousand acres. There at least is
one element of absolute certainty. It may be
1 much less, and it cannot be more. Then we have
, another element of certainty. We know exactly
, the points of inception and termination of the
| road. We all know that it leads from a ffreat
commercial emporium of the country to~ the
^ boundary of the State of Texas. We all know,
and have reason to believe, that when that railroad
shall have been made to that point, it may be ex-
tended much further, and carried probably to the
; extreme limits of Texas; and we have reason to
! believe that if this road is completed, (and it will
be completed either with or without the aid of the
: General Government,) it will be the terminus of
; the great California road. That, however, is not
the point to which I wish now to address myself.
The next element of certainty is, that where a
railroad is not called for by the wants of the coun-
