1932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
are dependent altogether upon accidental circum-
stances. This great Government with an over-
flowing Treasury, with mighty powers, has not
yet provided itself with suitable buildings in these
places to administer justice. It is well known that
in Wme of the States we havealready been threat-
ened with exclusion from the court-houses of the
States; though it has not been successful.
I deem the policy of this proposition to be
a general policy, which ought to be entered upon,
and carried out, of erecting permanent court-
houses in every State of the Union. It is due to
the sovereign people. It is due to the efficiency
of the laws. I am aware that upon this bill, you
cannot enter upon a general policy of that kind,
but I would go to the extent of the pressing exi-
gency which is provided for by the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania. Without, there-
fore, embarrassing it, or extending the number of
appropriations, I hope that the amendment to the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. BAYARD. I shoul-l cheerfully vote for
this amendment, if I did not know that its object
could be reached by a bill which passed the Senate
in the early part of the session, and subsequently,
if I am not incorrect, was returned by the House
to us, with an amendment, and referred, I believe,
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The bill
which passed the Senate provided accommodations
for the courts at Boston, which, withlhe evidence
before the committee, we supposed were essen-
tially necessary. When it went to the House, it
was amended by providing only for temporary
accommodation in Boston, and authorizing the
President to procure sites for the courts m Phila-
delphia, New York, and Boston.
With that amendment it was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. That is a very
appropriate bill. It will pass by amending it in
the mode suggested, to wnich I should cheerfully
assent, by adding Indianapolis, with the restric-
tion of making the contracts conditional, on pro-
curing the sites. I think that would answer the
purpose. I think, therefore, there is no necessity
for putting it in an appropriation bill, to which
certainly it does not belong. I will go for that
bill when it is reported back, aa I suppose it will
be, without hesitation. I think we have a guar-
antee that it will pass the House, because they
have already passed it giving the general, abso-
lute discretion to the President to procure the
sites, without any restriction as to the price being
conditional.
Mr. RUSK. As a separate measure I should
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania-, but as an amendment to the amendment
which is pending, I shall vote against it. The
Committee on Commerce have submitted an
amendment, which has been estimated for and
recommended by the Treasury Department, and
here is a different amendment altogether offered
to it. Each should stand upon its own merits;
but here comes in a proposition for a post office at
New York, another at Boston, another at Indian-
apolis, and I understand there are several other
propositions of the same kind.
The result will be to defeat the whole proposi-
tion. There are some persons who would vote
for the custom-houses, which are recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury as necessary,
but would vote against this proposition; there are
certain others who would vote for this proposition,
bui. against the other, it is a sort of log rolling
which I do not think is right. Let every tub
stand upon its own bottom. Let us vote on the
merits of the proposition which is before us on
the (^commendation of the Treasury Department,
and if it is adopted or rejected, let the other be
offered as a separate amendment.
There is another custom-house and post oftiM
which should be provided for—one m the city <ff
Savannah, it is a very strong case, and one that
has great merit m it; but I shall not embarrass
this proposition by offering it at this time. I
shall vote against attaching the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to the original amend-
ment-
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall get a vote.
I am anxious, and the Senate must be anxious to
have the bill disposed of to-day. I merely rise to
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. At an early day in the session
the Senate, by courtesy, allowed the Senator from
Pennsylvania to ink^^ce a bill and have it im-
mediately acted onygflMfte purpose of providing
accommodations foi|9HK}ited States courts, and
for the post office nt^|pSy of Philadelphia. The
bill wen# to the House5, and has come back here
with sundry amendments providing similarly for
other places, and the whole subject, 1 think, was
referred a day or two since to tne Committee on
the Judiciary. Now, sir, I am decidedly opposed
to having so many strings to a bow. That bill
has passed and is in the hands of a committee of
this House, if they report in favor of agreeing
to the amendments of the House, and the Senate
concur in their report, the bill will become the
law of the land, and will provide for New York,
Boston, and Philadelphia. Now, to come in and
propose to put that upon an appropriation bill,
after what has been done, is a species of legis-
lation which 1 cannot sanction. For that reason
1 ahull vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur in every word that has
been said by the honorable Senator from Michigan.
There is no use for thecommittees to take into con-
sideration these separate measures if they can be
discussed and ingrafted upon an appropriation bill.
1 had some difficulty myself in concurring with
the majority of my committee, in regard to the
amendments of the House of Representatives to the
bill which has been referred to by the Senatorfrom
Michigan; but 1 have rather come to the conclu-
sion that what is proposed by that can be well
done without any danger; but if that bill should
be passed in the form in which it has passed
the House, it will come before the Senate under the
common responsibility of having passed through
the ordeal of the judgment of a committee. But
when you put such propositions upon an appro-
priati a bill, one after another, arid multiply them
as you may to embrace all the States, and 1 do
not know but that it will end in that, I cannot
agree to it. I cannot consent to legislate m this
inconsiderate way without having the common
guaiantees of the consideration of our commit-
tees.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand, Mr.
President, from my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] that there is anything peculiar in the
case of Indianapolis; but when that is inserted, it
devolves, m some measure, a responsibility upon
the Representative of every State where there is
insufficient accommodation for the United States
courts, to propose a simitar measure for his State.
In my own State, there are two judicial districts,
which are insufficiently provided tor; and I know
that if provision shall be put in this bill for a court-
house at Indianapolis, it will be expected that I
should offer a proposition to commence similar
buildings in my State. I have no objection to the
proposition of my friend from Indiana being added
to the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia; and iw regard to [daces iri my own State, I
have made up my mind that i will not offer an
amendment for them, but will let the question be
taken on the amendment as it stands; but I shall
moat certainly, under the circumstances, vote
against the whole amendment; for I believe that
whenever we commence such buildings, where
there are not peculiar circumstances demanding
them, the rule will be fixed and firmly established,
and we shall have to build court-houses in every
judicial district withm the limits of the United
States. Ifeo not offer a proposition to provide for
these m my own State, for the simple reason that
I am not, disposed to embarrass the business of the
Senate; but I doubt the propriety, and I do not see
the necessity, of constructing court-houses in every
judicial district; for it must result in that. All I
jan say is, that I feel constrained to vote against
the whole amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have a few
words to say in reply to the answer made yester-
day by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
to my remarks then, as to his amendment for the
building of new custom-houses. The Senator's
answer was not as satisfactory to me, as it seemed
to be to himself. I urged that custom-houses on
the western waters, on tributaries of the Mis-
sissippi, were not necessary. The only answer he
gave to that—and he seemed to think it was per-
fectly satisfactory—was this: He appealed to the
Senator from Virginia to know whether his con-
stituents at Wheeling could go all the way to
New Orleans to pay duties on articles imported
for them. Why, sir, it is done at every town and
village in the United States where there is not a
custom-house, and which is equally remote from
a custom-house as Wheeling is from New Or-
leans. The great principle should be that the
Government should collect the revenue at the most
convenient points; and the very fact which the Sen-
ator from Maine stated that they have to do every-
thing at New Orleans but pay the duties, is con-
clusive that it is unnecessary to establish these
custom-houses, instead of supporting the argu-
ment which he makes in their favor. The goods
pass by New Orleans and have to be entered there*
and everything which is to be done with them is
done there, except the payment of the duties.
There is no reason but the personal convenience
of the persons living on these waters, why they
should not pay the duties at the ports where the
goods are entered from the sea. No ship from
the sea can go up to Wheeling. The goods are
unladen at New Orleans. They are put on other
vessels, and scattered from there all over the in-
terior of the country. The building of custom-
houses at these points can be for no purpose in
the world, but first to build up a number of offices
under the Government, and, in the second place*
for the purpose of bringing in a large expenditure
for the erection of custom-houses. As I said yes-
terday, all the business to be performed in most
of these custom-houses can be done in a building,
ten by twelve. There is no necessity in the world
for the erection of these large buildings. It is
nothing but a profligate waste of money.
The gentleman used an argument in reference to
the northeastern coast, that it was necessary to
build custom-houses there in order to preserve the
records of the Government. Why, sir, I take it
as a general rule that the record property of the
people throughout the United States, of the largest
counties and municipalities, is kept in buildings or
rooms not twenty feet square. Here it is pro-
posed to erect buildings noneV>f which are to cost
less than $10,000, and some of which are to amount
to $80,000 or $100,000, even at points where there
may be little or no revenue. The Senator says
that at such points it is necessary to keep bills of
sale and ships'registers and licenses. Sir, there
is nothing necessary for our ships, except the
evidence of nationality to be carried in the ships
themselves, showing their right to sail under our
flag. I can see no necessity for building large
houses to contain records to show on which side
of the St. John's a vessel's keel was built. Why,
sir, I take it, that in every county in the Senator's
own State, the records are kept in some side room
in the court-house, containing all the titles to land
throughout the State; but here we are to go on,
and erect magnificent buildings, after we have
done without them for seventy years, at every
port of entry, whether there is commerce there or
not, at an expense ultimately, perhaps, of $70,000
or $30,000 each.
The idea is presented that we should vote for it
because Mr. Guthrie has recommended it. I
know he has recommended it, but I think a more
profligate and wasteful recommendation for ex-
penditure never emanated from any Department.
I suppose that officer, as well as his chief, has
forgotten the inaugural address, in which he said,
or intimated, that unless he could reduce the public
expenditures below the rate at which they had
been for several years past, his own administra-
tion would be a lamentable failure. Sir, does that
fate remain to be written? When has a Congress
met from 1775 to this hour, in which such waste-
ful extravagance, both as to amounts and meas-
ures, has characterized it, as the one now sitting
in both ends of this Capitol. Look at the amount
of appropriations for this year! I think it is very
likely they will exceed #70,000,000.
Another idea seems to be that we may vote this
sum because we have the money now in the
Treasury. In this gentlemen start on an error.
We have not a dollar. I know it has been alleged
that because of a full Treasury we are paying
interest on our debts nine or ten years ahead; and
that was given as a reason to induce us to pass,
the other day, a proposition to pay sixty per cent,
on a certain portion of our debts which have not
yet accrued. But, sir, we owe more money than
we have cash in the Treasury of the United
States; and I do not consider a nation*or a man
to be overrun with money who has outstanding
obligations greater than the cash he can command.
