1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1933
This has been the excuse for pouring out the
Treasury at every end, and for every purpose.
I rely oil the general remarks which 1 made
yesterday. I say, in the first place, that custom-
houses are unnecessary at these places. Besides,
the ports of entry may be changed, and so with
the places for the sessions of the district courts at
■different places. Population concentrates at some
particular place, and you are continually chang-
ing: the courts from one town to another. How,
then, are you going to erect permanent buildings
for them ? At some places, like New York, and
Boston, and Philadelphia, where they are perma-
nent, and likely to.be so, it may be necessary. But
suppose you build your court-houses, and then
change the place of holding the courts, can you
take up and movea court-house ? It is very easy
to rent buildings which will accommodate the
courts; and there are few places in the United
States, where the supreme courts of the States
are held, where it is not perfectly easy to obtain
buildings for this purpose which are vacant three
fourths of the time. That is the way in which
you have got along for the last seventy years.
Why can you not do so now ?
( am willing to admit that at particular points
•custom-houses are necessary, and I wish them to jj^o inseit " Iowa city, in the Stdte of iowa."
be adequate for all purposes; and there are places
where court-houses are necessary, and I am will-
ing to vote for them. But each case must stand
on its own necessity. I am not willing to agree
to the doctrine of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
that we must erect public buildings at a cost of
$20,000, or $80,000, or $100,000, or $300,000, or
$400,000 at every port of entry, whether there be
any commerce there or not. I believe the expres-
sion of Mr. Guthrie is, that we should have them
at those ports, whether there be little or no com-
merce there or not. it is said that it is necessary,
because ship-hmlding may be carried on there.
That may be so in the Senator's State, but it does
not apply to other custom-houses provided for by
the amendment. Think, for instance, of the idea
of building ships at Wheeling,or Pittsburg! I be-
lieve steamboats are built at Pittsburg to a large
extent, and I do not know whether they are built
at Wheeling or nut; but the idea that we must
«rect buddings at ports where there is no com-
merce, with the idea of preserving ships'papers.
I take it, la one of the wildest base** on which we
can make appropriations of thp public money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Maine, from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that amendment now
subject to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFEICER. It is not. It
is itself an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. MALLOjRY. Then, bafoie the question
is taken on it, I will ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who proposed it, to accept the amend-
ment which I now hold in my hand, which is in
the same words as a billthat has been reported by
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is a small bill for the erecnon of a court-house
at Key West, Florida. It was presented at the
earnest representations and suggestions of the
judge of the district court of the United States for
that district, and at the request of the members of
the bar. They have renewed that representation.
Now, while the yellow fever is prevailing in
that district, they pronounce it dangerous to
health to hold the court in the old court-house;
but that is the best building they can obtain,and
it is rented, 1 think, at $360 a year. The United
Stages have already pa^d for that court house over
$1,200. This proposition is in accordance with
the estimates of the Depaitment. The judge and
the bar unite in a recommendation for an appro-
priation to enable the Department to erect a new
court-house, as a suitable one cannot be rented in
the entire chsfiiet. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary reported it as an independent measure, it
proposes luU a small annroonation—$8,000.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger )
I would Ganges? to the Senator from Florida that
it is not competent for him to move any amend-
ment winch proposes an appropriation. The
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
does not propose any appropriation; it is to
authorize the President to make certain inquiries.
Mr. MALLORY. The proposition which I
hold m my hand is a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
is authorized by the Committee on the Judiciary
to move it as an amendment, when the other is
disposed of, it will be perfectly competent fop him
to do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If I felt so disposed, 1
could not accept this, for the reason which has
been stated by the Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will present a case, though,
which I think the Senator from Pennsylvania can
accept, and which I have no doubt he will take
great pleasure in accepting. It is to add " Spring-
field, Illinois," after '• Indianapolis, Indiana." It
is the seat of government of that State, and the
place of holding the United States courts.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe 1 cannot modify
my amendment now, except by unan.mous con-
sent, as the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent is not necessary. The Senator can mod-
ify the amendment by the consent of the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, oi Iowa. 1 am suie it will af-
ford my friend from Pennsylvania equal pleasure
Mr. DOUGLAS. One at a time.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to have Jackson,
Mississippi, also included.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am like the man in the
almanac, pointed at all round; but I have this re-
maiktomaketo all my friends: 1 legret that I
yielded to my friend from Indiana, though he
made a very strong case. I think that Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore ought to
stand together. There is a great necessity for
these buildings there; and there is a difference be-
tween a city with five hundred thousand inhabit-
ants and a small place like Springfield, in Illinois.
I must therefore decline further to modify my
amendment.
Mr, BRIGHT. I know this body is just, and
I am never unwilling to trust it upon any proper
occasion. I see that many of my friends feel that
1 have embarrassed this single proposition. 1 do-
not desire to stand in that attitude. My object in
offering my amendment was not to embarrass.the
ouginal pioposition, but it was to carry out, in
good faith, what I reg'iided as my duty; but I
will not run the lisk ot hazarding the good will of
gentlemen here by insisting on my amendment in
view of the peculiar state of things. I presume
the Senator from Illinois will insist on inserting
Springfield, if Indianapolis be retained?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot insist, because I
asked to have it put in as a favor, as it is not in
i order for me to move it as an amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I presume the Senator from
Iowa will imsiRt?
Mr. DODGE, of^Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to make any
bargains here. This is my view of the subject:
We must determine whether or not we shall erect
court-houses for the district courts of the United
States. Tiie case presented at Springfield, Illi-
nois, is precisely like that at Indianapolis, Indiana.
It is the seat of government of the Stale, and the
place where the the United States courts are held,
and where they will probably meet in ah time to
come; or at least it is one of the places where they
will continue to meet. You rent buildings there
now, and are paying rent for them, but they are
inconvenient buildings. Thequestion is, whether
or not we are going to carry out the policy of erect-
ing buildings, instead of renting them,* at those
points, the capitals of the States, where the courts
will be permanent, if it is to be done elsewhere,
I must ask that the same justice be extended to
my own State as towards others. Hence I do
not feel at liberty to waive it, m order to carry
through other appropriations.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is precisely the condition
of things in the capital of the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. We have no
butldmg there but one whiCn is rented for this pur-
pose, and that is a very inconvenient one, and not
at all adapted to the wants of 'he courts. I am
very sorry that the matter has assumed such a
shape that I cannot insist on inserting it in con-
nection with the four great points named in the ;
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania— '
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston.
A greater necessity may exist there for these
buildings; and I rise for the purpose of saying
that I will not embarrass the proposition of my
friend from Pennsylvania, if it has that effect#and
I therefore ask leave to withdraw my amendment
to insert Indianapolis, being satisfied that when I
bring it up bill by itself, I shall get*'every
vote i^the body in favor of it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish only to say that at the
four points which are mentioned in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, the courts
of the United States are in permanent session from
year's end to year's end, and that is the reason,
why that proposition should go through without
making provision for other cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Do I under-
stand the Senator from Pennsylvania as proposing
to withdraw the modification which was made at
the suggestion of the Senator--from Indiana ?
iMr/BRODHEAD. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks permission to modify his
amendment by striking out " Indianapolis."
Permission was granted; and the question was
taken by yeas and nays upon agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment, as proposed ori«*
glnallyby Mr. Brodiiead, and resulted—yfeas 19,
nays 24; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brort-
hpad, Clayton, Cooper, Fessenrten, Fish, Houston, Mal-
hay, Pcaree, Pratt, Rockwall, Sumner, Thomson of New
Jet>ov. Toueey, Walker, and Weiler—19.
NTAYS— Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Brown, Butler,
Dawson, Dod^e of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douslas,
Avails, Fitzpamck, Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, Hunter, James,
Juno of Tennessee, Mason, Pctut, Husk, Shields, Slidel!,
Stuai t, Tonmix, and Wade—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HUNTER. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce. I hope we shall have a vote on it, and
dispose of the bill to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the whole four sections offered by the
Senator from Maine, including custom-houses and
marine hospitals, to be proposed as one amend-
ment.
Mr. FTAMLIN". Yes, sir.
* The question beins: taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 31, nays 16; as
follows: ^
YEAS—Badger. Bell, Beaiarnin. Cass. Chase.
Clayton, Coopei, Dod e of Wibcoljfiu, Dodae of Iowa,
Pouslas, Fe-s-'nden, Fish, Foot, Gillette, Gwm, H:\mhn,
Houston, Jame*. Mallni v, Rockwell, Ru^k, Shields, Sli-
dell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey,
Wade, Walker, Weiler, and William-5—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atehn-on, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Butler, Dawson, Evarib, Fitzpatriek, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones of Towa, Jones of Tenneshse, Mason,
Pratt, and Toombs—16.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Commerce to propose to amend
the bill by striking out in the proviso in reference
to the erection of custom-houses the words:
"And until the ?tate m which puoh building i.< to be com-
pleted, sh ill, m due torm and in a manner that shall bind
such State, release and surrender to the United States ju-
risdiction over the ?iteof such building.5'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has already been made on the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer.]
Mr. HAMLIX. Then I have but one further
amendment to offer from the Committee on Com-
merce i find that the House have included in
the bill, appropriations for the completion of every
marine hospital in process of construction with
one exception, and that is m my own State. It
was omitted, I apprehend, by mistake. There is
ii) the annua! estimates submitted, by the Depart-
ment an estimate of $50,000 for the marine hos
pitnl at Portland. There is also m the same
estimates an item of $50,000 for sick and disabled
seamen at Cincinnati, and the Secretary of the
Treasury has also recommended a small sum,
$5,000, for th® temporary relief of sick and disa-
bled seamen at St. Marks, Florida. I therefore
propose to add, after the appropriation for marine
hospitals, tiie following:
For prosecuting optn'ntion? on f!ie marine hospital at
Portland, mth'i Mate ot Maine, $a0,000.
To provide ;i suitable building a=5 waune hospital at St.
Marks, Florida, $5,000. +
To provide accommodations for sick and disabled sea-
men at Cincinnati, Ohio, $50,000} and the Secretary of the
